
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one, Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA Live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock During tax season, your personal info travels to a lot of places between payroll, your tax consultant, and the IRS. If your W2 gets exposed, that's just the ticket for Identity Thieves. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Jared Hudson, Welcome to the show, man. Hey, thanks For having me, brother. Man, I can't believe we're just chatting. So we've been connected for like two years. Yeah. At least, at least two years. Yeah. I didn't realize it had been that long. Yeah, so Eddie Gallagher, Eddie Gallagher connected us, said or he, I remember him texting me saying that you were super good dude, and that you're, that you're going after a lot of these pedophiles and, and human traffickers. And, and man, that's just a subject that, You know, it just doesn't, it doesn't never, it never gets enough attention. And so, and it's some heavy shit.


So nobody wants to hear it, but they need to hear it. And so we're gonna crank this out, but, but former Navy SEAL, former law enforcement running the non-profit, running a tactics company. I'll give you a proper introduction here shortly. But, but, and man of faith, I mean, it just, you're just pumping out so much good into the world and, and one of the, one of the few out there fighting literally the most evil shit that you could gin up. And that just, God bless you, brother. Well, you're here. Oh, thank you man. I appreciate Yeah, thanks for having me. It's an honor to be here, man. I love to see what you got going and your growth over the last few years.


I mean, this is, this is huge. I don't think anybody knows it because not a lot of people see it, but from showing up here till now, I mean, it is, you've got a process, bro. I mean, you've got it worked out. So it's actually a very professional, not just interview, but You know, build a relationship and then you sit down for the interview. So, very impressed, brother. Thank you. Not that I, You know, not that it means much, You know, but I, I've been The world impressed. Yeah, thank you for saying that. Yeah, no worries. I do want to give you something before we start. You giving, you've already given me a lot of gifts, but this is from the team at Covenant Rescue Group. Oh. Some stuff that box, kinda like at Christmas when we give a gift to somebody, and I don't know what it is 'cause my wife, You know, got it.


And wrapped it. This is, this is from the guys on the team. They said, make sure Sean gets this dude let go crush evil hat. This is awesome. Thank you. Oh, we, yeah, the, the black on black T-shirt, that's a buddy of mine. Stuart Hartley came up with that one. He said, you gotta do black on black. Awesome. Then Patch. Patch. Oh yeah. So we partnered, that's a, that's a woo's knife we partnered with, with them. And they've, they made us some cool stuff, some tomahawks and stuff. But that's a, it's actually a really good skin and knife. I use mine for some. That is cool, man. Thank you.


What Woos? Woos? Yeah. You can look 'em up there. I didn't know about 'em. They make chassis for guns and stuff. I got a few of their chassis for some rifles, but they, but that wood on that handle is like Italian wood or something. I can't remember. It says it on the box, but they're, Hey W Winkler, that's, I think that's how I meet him. Winkler up in Boone, North Carolina, You know. Yeah. Does all knives for us. They sell 'em in their shop. That might've been how I got connected to 'em. No kidding. But yeah, they sell woo stuff in their shop. Thank you, man. Yeah, man. Patch Will go awesome in the studio and yeah, I appreciate it. No worries. Well, Here's what I wanna do.


I wanna do life story with you starting a childhood, go through your seal career, go through some of your law enforcement stuff, but the majority of the interview, the meat of it, I really want to concentrate on the, on the sex trafficking. Yeah. And, and how you're combating that and going after pedophiles and finding some commonalities of the, of the, what do you call 'em? The assailants? Yeah. Or You know, just the perpetrator. The, the, the pedophile. The pedophile. Whatever you wanna say. You Call 'em the pedal. You don't call 'em Map Shed. No. They doing in Alabama people or whatever. Yeah, no, that's Good. They're doing, they'll keep that on the West Coast, but Keep it on the West Coast and in Europe, You know, I think that's what they're pushing for in Europe.


Are they really? That's what I heard. I don't know how true it is, but, nice, Nice. But, but yeah, I wanna, I want to, I just want to re we did a big podcast on this before it went crazy, but it, it's always, You know, I wanna reeducate people on Yeah. You know, especially parents on what they can do and, You know, kids and, and all of that. But we'll get there towards the, the tail end of the interview. So everybody gets a, An Introduction. So here we go. Jared Hudson as a US Navy SEAL, you served as a seal operator with Naval Special Warfare. You were deployed multiple times to a variety of combat zones in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Fo Eagle and other critical missions.


What does Operation Fo I Think that, that's a great question. I think it was a, a big j s a program we did in Korea. And then at the time, if I'm remembering right now, somebody could probably look it up and tell me I'm wrong. But at the time, I wanna say Obama was there and they shot those missiles into the Yellow Sea, and then we dove with the rock seals to get those missiles. Oh, okay. I think that's what that is. It was a JS set that turned in a, I don't know what nuclear weapons look like, but I mean, I, I see this thing that the rock seals found it and we're diving in the yellow c this thing I, that, that looks like a nuclear weapon, but wasn't, it was just a big missile. That's cool, man. It was just weird, You know, Together with your wife and, excuse me, together with your wife and a shared passion for helping children who are victims of human trafficking worldwide.


You've founded the Covenant Rescue Group at 5 0 1 C3 organization. You are the CEO of your business, the Shooting Institute, where you have personally trained local law enforcement, military personnel and civilians in self-defense. You are currently a law enforcement officer as a BLO County, Alabama Sheriff's deputy and as a federal task force officer with HSI, what is a Federal task force officer. Yeah. So I'm with Blunt County Sheriff's Office in Alabama. So I'm post what's called a post Certified Law Enforcement Officer. And if the agency you work for is willing to partner with the feds in that way, this is the way the feds can take you through.


For me, it was Title 19 law, I believe, if I remember right, do two weeks of classes for that federal law. And then you are deputized under Homeland Security Marshal Service, secret Service, A-T-F-F-B-I, whatever it is. In my case, it's Homeland Security to work child exploitation as a federal agent. So that's a federal task force officer. I'm not a full board GS whatever federal agent. Gotcha. I'm a post certified state agent who is sworn under the federal service to work in my case, child exploitation. You also serve as a reserve deputy for the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office supporting special operations units and working as an investigator for the Johnson County Prosecutor's Office.


You're an Alabama Peace Officer, standard Training Commission certified law enforcement agent and certified National Wildlife Control operator administration level one, two, and three sharp shooter in addition to holding other advanced law enforcement certifications. And lastly, and I'm sure is probably the most important to you, you are a Christian, a husband, and a proud father of three Daughters. That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. So with all that, it's kinda like me and you talked about earlier when you, when you show up to Buds, you remember it was like, Hey, where are you from? Oh, I'm Jared. I, nobody cares. You know that, You know, everybody's yelling at you.


So that's, that's how I feel when we read that. So Thank you for that nice intro. Hopefully my wife hears it and, and You know, here's how awesome that makes you sound. Right. But the, but no, I am the, the most important thing as we go through this interview and, and, and as we talk, I hope that people hear about me is one, I am a born again believer in the person to Jesus, Jesus Christ. I'm a Christian, and you've had Christians on this show. You've had guys that You know, might not be Christians, but they at least have faith and belief something. I mean, the most important thing to me is that because it's eternal. So I will talk heavily about that. But I do want to preface it with this. That means that I believe Jesus', God reincarnate, he's the son of God.


As John chapter one says, in the beginning was the word. The word was God. The word was with God. Everything was made through Him, by him. And without him, anything that we see that was made, it wasn't even made. Everything is through him. And he was the light and life of men. And the light shown in the darkness, the darkness couldn't overcome it. That's the first five verses in, in John chapter one. But verse 14, the word became flesh into what? Among men. That's what I believe. I believe Jesus is God reincarnate. And he came to this wor world, lived a perfect life, died on the cross, and rose again on the third day for my sins, your sins. And it's through him, we're set free. We have eternity with God. That is the most important thing because it's eternal. I'm not always gonna be a husband, a father, a seal, a, You know, law enforcement officer, what, whatever it is.


Sean's not always gonna be doing these great interviews with interesting people. I would be at the bottom of that interesting list, but you're not always gonna be doing this. But how you transact with Christ in this life as eternal. So that's the first thing. The second thing, I'm a husband and a father. Everything else set aside God has given me, my wife and my kids to, to God, to direct, to teach, to protect, to provide for. And if I can't do that, then I can't even do all these other things. And it's a scriptural principle. He says, be faithful in the little things. This is the most important thing, but it's also something little, because if I can't be faithful with the wife and the kids that God has bestowed upon me, then I can't be faithful with my business or with a nonprofit or with anything else.


So those are the two most important things about me, aside from all that, that other stuff that is interesting, but it's not important. So, and I encourage your listeners, heck, even, even you make sure that we look at that every day. I don't always do it perfect. I mess up all the time. Look at that every day. What is the most important thing? Who I am in the person of Jesus Christ and that woman and those girls that I'm called to raise right now. Those are the most important things in my life. Thank you for saying that. Yeah. A lot of people need to take note. You had mentioned, you had mentioned born again believer Christian. Is that what?


What does that mean? That's a good question. Andy Stump asked me recently. He said, what do you mean by evangelical Christian? Born again believer basically just means what? What I just said. You believe that about Jesus in a Nicodemus actually says to Jesus, he says, well, how can a man be born again? Is he gonna go back into his mother's womb? And Jesus says, no, that's not it. We are born into sin because we're from the line of Adam. Right? If you read scripture, you understand that Adam and Eve sinned in the beginning, Eve was deceived Adam disobeyed without going too much into the theology or the story. That's what we see. Adam disobeyed when God said, what have you done right?


God comes at, and Eve looks at, Adam says, what have you done? He said, the the woman you gave me calls me to eat of this fruit, or gave me this fruit and said, eat. Everybody will say that he's blaming the woman. He is not. He looks at God and he says, God, the woman you gave me, he blamed God. And that is what our nature is because we come from Adam, we blame God for our shortfallings, for our failure, for our sin. That's what we're born into. But through the person of Jesus Christ who came and lived that perfect life, I talked about it in John chapter one, died on the cross and rose again, it's through his blood that we can be rebirthed into new life.


No longer a life of sin, but a life of perfection and animosity or indifference towards sin, but only in the person of Jesus. Why? Because he obeyed God to the very end. And we see that at the end where he says, Lord, I know everything is possible for you. He really says, father, right Abba, I know everything is possible for you, but let this cup pass from me. Please. He did not want to go through the cross. However, not my will, your will be done. That's what Jesus says before he goes to the cross. You can see that in like the movie, the passion of the Christ, him having that conversation with God. It's in all the gospels, not my will, but your will be done. And the scripture tells us he was obedient to the point of death.


And we see that embodied in Job 1315. Though he slay me, I will trust him. That's what Job says. Even if he kills me, I'll trust him. And that's what we see in Jesus. So the born again believer is, I live in sin and I die in sin. But in the person of Jesus Christ, I'm born into a new life. I'm born into a sinless life. It doesn't mean I'm gonna be perfect, even though I strive to be. I still sin. I still ask for forgiveness and repentance. But I am now dead to sin and alive in Christ because I've been born in the new life under the person of Jesus. And that's what being a born again Christian means based on the scriptures. So were you always a Christian?


Yeah. So, so when I was a kid, because I Always, I always thought born a born again Christian meant he kind of went haywire for a little bit and then came back. Well, and that would be we. That is true. We're all we, we are haywire, right? I mean, if you're born into sin, you're born into complete chaos and utter destruction. Because the scriptures say none is righteous. No, not one. Right? None of us are righteous. David talks about it in the Psalms, all seek after their own gain, but they don't desire God. God tells Cain in Genesis chapter four, I believe, and I don't mean to get into all this theology with you or whatever, but Genesis chapter four, he says, don't You know that if you do what is right, it'll be well with you.


'cause saying is, Cain is sad because his sacrifice wasn't accepted before God. And God says, why do you look down? God's talking to cane like a granddaddy, right? Like our granddad would talk to us. He says, don't You know if you do his right, it'll be well with you. But if you don't, sin is lying and wait at your door and it's desires for you. It actually describes sin like a crouching line, hiding in the bushes, ready to reach out and grab you. But you should rule over it. He had the ability to roll rule over it at that time because they were still with God. Does that make sense? God gives the ability and that faith in God gives the ability to rule over it. And that's interesting for us to see, is that sins desire is for us.


Well guess what? We're born into it. So it's gonna catch us just like it did, Adam. So it doesn't matter how old you are, you were born into sin. And in order to be out of sin, you have to accept the person of Jesus Christ. Now I, one caveat to that is people will say, well, what about the people that didn't know Jesus before Jesus came?


As many of You know, life can be extremely unpredictable, which is why taking care of my family financially is the number one priority on my list. Fabric by Gerber life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family in your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. So there's no risk. Fabric is more than life insurance. Free digital wills, access to investment accounts to invest for your kids' future and more and manage it. All right From your phone, join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just minutes at mefa.com/sean. That's mefa.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


Americans have a lot of pressure on them these days with inflation prices rising, bills going up, and a lot of people are carrying really high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month. Now's the time to get rid of those homeowners. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call the team at American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's, equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their customers an average of $800 a month. Saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy for you. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost obligation phone call to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today. (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash Ss.


Well, that's, Abraham was a great example in Genesis, I think chapter 24, it says, Abraham had faith in God And it was accounted to him as righteousness. So those people, even those people alive now who might not have heard Jesus' name, God has given enough of himself to 'em that they can have faith in God, that he will deliver them from their sinful, physical nature. What we see here on earth, right? What we see going on all around us, this the terrible world that we live in, that is destruction, right? How can we be delivered from this into the good things that we see, right? The creation that's in animosity toward us, because we're the ones who subjected it to sin, right?


Paul talks about that in the New Testament. So how can we be one with God? We look to God and have faith that he is gonna, he's gonna work it out in us, whether we know Jesus or not. And that was Abraham. He had faith in what God was gonna do. And then for us, we now, we've heard the name of Jesus, and we look back and we have faith on what God has already done in the person of Jesus Christ. So really, it's, it's not a, it's not that difficult. I mean, it really is pretty straightforward and easy. God created a world that could choose him or deny him. That's it. It's that simple, because that's what he decided to do. Is that what I think?


That's what I think. That's the only free will we actually have To accept. To accept or deny God. Yes. Yeah. I mean that's, yeah. We're created in his image. Am I what you believe That Too? Yeah. Yeah. 'cause we're created in his image. We can accept what he has or we can rebel against him. He talks about it all the time. I, I, the book of Isaiah is full of that with Israel and his people rebelling against what he is, he said, I think Isaiah chapter 49, he calls 'em a stiff neck. People whose necks were like still rods as sin you and whose heads were heads of brass. He was basically saying, you're hard headed and stiff necked. You will not do what I tell you to do. But he created us with his spirit, which gave us the ability to choose right or wrong, just like he has, he just always chooses right?


And we always choose wrong. Being born again is having faith in him ultimately for us and the person of Jesus Christ. So that we can now become a new creature, as Paul says, in the New Testament, and live a life, hopefully free of sin. Although that's not gonna be the case, but we can strive for that. That's why he says, be perfect as your Father in heaven is perfect. I believe it's, is it Galatians that says that? I can't remember. So I say all that to say I was six years old when I got saved. My parents taught me. I, I remember going into the room and saying, mom and dad, I believe that I need to accept Jesus in my life. And they walked me through it. My daughters, two of my oldest daughters at six, they came to me and they wanna be saved.


They want to, You know, go through the process. And so I spent three or four days going through the scriptures with 'em, talking about it. So they understand who you are as a sinful person. Then there's those people who are in their thirties or forties or fifties or eighties, I think my great granddaddy, I remember, right, according to my, my dad, my great granddaddy asked Jesus into his heart on his deathbed, wow. Lived a life apart from God and sin. But he accepted Jesus in his death. I think Charles Darwin did, as a matter of fact. You know, the guy that did the, You know, Charles Darwin, the scientist that, You know, said it shows where we, You know, or said where we came from monkeys. And I believe, I, I could be wrong, but you look it up, I believe he accepted Christ on his deathbed.


No kidding. Yeah. But anyway, it doesn't matter at what point in your life you're in, you're born in sin. You're gonna die in sin. And God has given you the opportunity to be one with him and live life eternally. And that's, that's what I believe. That's what a born again Christian is. Hopefully I haven't done it a disservice with what I just said. Makes sense. People smarter than makes sense. Yeah. People smarter than me could probably say it better, but that's what I believe. Well, thank you for, for sharing that. Yeah. So couple more things to crank out here before we get to childhood. So I've got a Patreon account, they're our top supporters. They've been with us since the beginning. They're the reason I get to sit here and do this, and you get to be here as well.


And so one of the things I do is I offer 'em the opportunity to ask each and just about every guest a question. And so this is from Blaze, Okay. In relation to Covenant Rescue Group, what have been some of the reactions by individuals when they realize they are being rescued? Oh, on the rescue side. So I'll give you a two part answer to that. The first thing is, most of the time on a rescue, you're the, the, and it's primarily women in sex trafficking, which is primarily what we work.


So not all women, they will say, I, I'm not being trafficked. I'm not a victim there. That like, there's not, there they are doing what they want to do. And some of 'em that might be the case. I found, I heard an interesting, interesting statistic from a lady that we work with, with a wellhouse who is a forensic interviewer who said, seven contacts takes seven contacts before a a woman will be able to, to say, Hey, yeah, I need help. I'm being trafficked or I've gone through this process. Right? So that's interesting to see too. We might be contact number one, we might be contact number five, but that would be the first thing.


The second thing is if once you see somebody who is like, yes, I need help, whether a grownup or a child, children always need help, they're always exploited. We'll talk a little bit about that later. The response is, it, it, it's like unbel unbelievable relief because up to this point they've had no way out. But now they, it is almost like they see a light or they see a way out. Does that make sense? And that's the only way I can describe it. 'cause I've never been in it. My, my wife and my girls have never been in it. I've never, I've only seen it from the outside looking in. I don't know what these people are going through in their life, but you can see that sense of relief of like, you can actually do this for me.


And when you see that and, and pull them out of it, that, that would be the best way to describe it, is just unbelievable relief. You know, it's, you had mentioned that a lot of these, a lot of women don't, don't think they're being trafficked at first. And this is something that I always kind of play out in my head and, 'cause I've, I've been loosely following the subject for probably over 10 years now. And first, first, first exposure to this was actually from a tattoo shop. Got a lot of ink done at Miami Tattoo company down at South Beach, became pretty decent friends with this, with the previous owner that her name's Amar Sierra.


And she had, she had contacted me about a friend that she had that was being trafficked. And I Dunno where I'm going with this, was that friend didn't want to be helped. Yeah. And I said, man, You know, I'm sorry, but if sh I, I'm not a law enforcement officer, I definitely have the ability to, You know, do what you want me to do. But if this, if this person doesn't want to be saved, then there really isn't anything I can do. There's Nothing you can do. And so what I want to kind of, where I'm going with this is, is, is this, I know some people it's kidnapped and all this stuff, but are some of these women more voluntarily?


Yeah. So Entering into the, the trafficking space. So the easiest way to look at it, we've done, I probably sat in front of an interview, maybe not 2,500, maybe not that many, but in, in the, in the thousands of women, like 1500 to, to maybe 2000, maybe not even that much, but quite a few women like, so I mean we're, I'm, I'm basing this off of just strictly my interviews and I'm not a forensic interviewer like some of these other other people are that would be more educated on this than I would. But sitting in front of 'em, from Haiti to Zambia, to South Sudan, to the United States of America, pick a state. I've sat in front of 'em, interviewed these women, and I get the same common thing across the board for my interviews.


Every single time I talk to 'em, they're almost offended that you would imply that they need help out of what they're doing. Now, I've been told by the ladies here in the southeast, they're like, I have one lady. Tell me, honey, where do you think I'm gonna go and make $1,500 a day? She makes $1,500 in the evening doing what she's doing. So there is that aspect of it. Now, once you interview a girl, once you get a girl that wants to get out, or a guy that wants to get out and they go through the process, you need take a forensic interviewer to go down through it. One thing that I'll also say we've alway we've seen every single time is that that woman who might be 25 or 30 or 35 doing this right now, she was victimized when she was 4, 5, 6, 15, 16.


I had one lady tell me recently, her kids are in the room with us. She goes, I mean I, You know, ever since I was a little girl, I remember sitting in a room and watching my mom do this. Her, her mom was a, was a prostitute. And so she grew up in it. And so she started doing this when she was 15 or 16. So I saw she could sell herself and, and something what we don't realize in our culture, like a lot of people love Reba McIntyre, right? No, not talk trash to Reba McIntyre, but you're the song fancy, don't let me down. You know, that's exactly what she's singing about. That is what human trafficking is. It's a woman who's selling herself to the highest bidder, to whoever's gonna pay the most for, to elevate herself in life. Sometimes it's out of poverty, right?


Sometimes outta poverty, they're doing it. Sometimes it's out of, this is all I'm worth. It takes, it's a scriptural principle. Going back to scripture, Proverbs says that a man of understanding is able to draw out the thoughts and the things that are inside each person, You know, and which is deep water. So what it's talking about is that understanding counselor. So some of these forensic interviewers can draw this out. You don't just get that at the first initial, Hey, you need help, I'm gonna rescue you. You generally don't get that. I've never gotten that. They all, so is, is This similar to, would this be similar to trying to help a heroin addict that doesn't want Yes. That doesn't want to get clean. And a lot of them are heroin addicts.


A lot of them are. It is. The drug community is tied closely to the prostitution community, which is tied closely to human trafficking. So one thing I will say is every drug user is not a prostitute. Every prostitute is not a human trafficking victim. That's where it's gonna be my next Question. However, I would say that every prostitute that I've met, at least that I've met, is a drug user, right. That are selling themselves, actually selling themselves. Like we, I mean, they'll get highs caught off fentanyl or heroin or whatever it is they do. Part of it is so they can do what they do.


But every prostitute I've met has been a drug user. But not every drug user prostitute, not every prostitute's gonna be trafficking victim. The reason we focus on the kid piece, what we do, and the reason I focus on child exploitation is by the letter of the law, right? Both federal and state laws and every state in the nation, with exception of two, maybe, maybe Washington and California, every state, if it's a child that's being impacted, somebody under whatever the age in that state is, 16, 18, 15, whatever the state law age is, that is a human trafficking victim, because they're a child, they don't have the ability to say no or push away. Does that make sense? It does.


When they're of age, they're not always human trafficking victims. And I'll also say the letter of the law doesn't always very define human trafficking victims very well. So, but we don't always find human trafficking and prostitution, although it's closely tied to it. We do always find human trafficking and child exploitation, which is why we focus on children. Another question. What what would the, so what would distinguish the difference between just a, a regular prostitute and a prostitute that's being trafficked? Yeah, I, You know, some people would say that, You know, when you, again, you get down to the, the nitty gritty of it, which I don't agree with this, but you get down to the nitty gritty of it, that that woman is trafficked in some shape, form, or fashion.


Whether it's poverty, whether it happened earlier in her life. And that's what led her to where she is now. There's still an active choice for her to, to leave or, or continue. What will, we'll just use the state law, You know, if somebody is actively selling her. So somebody working as a pimp, maybe a husband, a boyfriend, if they're actively selling under most state laws or under federal law, that, that you're now looking at a true human trafficking victim. This lady is not receiving money for her services and it's no longer a misdemeanor prostitution crime. You've got somebody who is holding her and selling her, maybe against her will. She'll say it's not against her will, but selling against her will.


And then they receive money for it and she doesn't necessarily get paid. So that would be a good example of what we see here, mo here stateside and overseas. But most of the time it's children that find that, that are stuck in that spot. It's kids who are in that. It's, it's not, it's not grownups as much. And I think it's our digital world that's allowed for that. You don't see as many, we still see 'em, but you don't see as many, they'll call 'em Johns or whatever, pimps. It doesn't matter. You call 'em whatever you want. A lot of it's symbolism without substance. Most women will use digital, You know, like the phones, the apps 'cause it kind of protects 'em. They'll receive money before somebody shows up.


I mean, they're very, and heck, you got some chicks, they'll make a thousand dollars, $1,500 a night just getting dudes to send 'em $10 on cash app or something for gas money. And then they'll never show up. Say, ah, send me 10 more and I'll show up. And you get these freaking clowns out there that just keep sending them money. Well, they'll make a bunch of money at night just basically scamming, scamming dudes, which I think's hilarious. Yeah. You know, but that is tho that is where you see trafficking. And if there's somebody strong arming 'em and and selling them, that would be, that would be human tracking. Yeah. It's Rare. You know, I got, I got another question. Sorry. I want to, I want to save this to the end, but the questions are just coming you good. So I'm gonna, I don't wanna forget 'em, but, but You know, there, there is how, how, how many people, how many girls in the porn industry are considered to be trafficked?


Because it's my understanding that it's basically, it's essentially the exact same thing as prostitution. There just happens to be a legal document that says, yes, you're gonna give us, you're gonna sign this release form and have us film this. And, And it is to my understanding that it's, if, if there is a contract signed for filming, then it's no longer considered prostitution, Bro. You're hitting the nail on the head. Now prostitutions, we see it now, I believe is still a federal crime, but it is just not prosecuted. Right. But yeah, they, they, they're working on behalf of somebody that is, that that would be a form of human trafficking. And most of those women are in a position where they don't wanna do it.


OnlyFans would be the great example of kind of where it's gone to. People wouldn't look at OnlyFans women and say that they're trafficked. A lot of 'em are doing it themselves. Right. A lot of 'em are build their accounts. They'll sell pictures of their feet or they'll do nude pictures, whatever it is on OnlyFans. And a lot of 'em will say, well that's not pornography. Well it is, it's pornography. And they'll say, well, I'm not, I'm not a prostitute. Well, you are, you're just selling pictures of yourself as opposed to selling yourself physically. But we wouldn't look at them and say they're being trafficked. Right. 'cause it's not against their will, even though they might have a husband that makes 'em do it. There's all kinds of weird situations out there.


That's the same way with the prostitution industry. It's just women are more willing to physically engage and get paid for it than the women who just wanna sell pictures. There's literally no difference in it. Yeah. You know, I, I wasn't even talking about the pictures. I mean, I Yeah, You're talking about the actual act of Oh yeah. I've been, I've been, been, 'cause I've been one to dive into Sounds weird. I've been one to dive into the porn industry and expose some of the shit that's going on within there. And, and one of the things that I had just come across is I found this former porn star who's now pastor, and I've been kind of looking at his content a little bit. And he was talking about, You know, he was talking about the contracts that these Yeah.


Young girls sign And it basically says, we're gonna do anything we want to you, you're gonna sign here. And then they get in the middle of the act and all this just disgusting shit starts happening to these girls. And they're like, sorry, you signed the contract. No, No. You see that in Hollywood with movies. I mean, you see it with some of the, some of the movies in the seventies. I think Caligula was one of 'em where they said some of that happened. Look at the, look at Blue Lagoon when the girls 15, was it Brook Shields? And it was a whole big ordeal. Those folks had to testify before Congress. So it's been going on like that for a long time. So yes, that is a form of trafficking legally by law.


Is it a form of trafficking? No prob, You know, probably not. It's not something I can go out and make an arrest and prosecute somebody on as a, as a law enforcement officer, as a prosecutor. Right. Nobody can go get 'em on that. But yes, that's a form of trafficking. So the biggest thing is, is we don't, we don't actually know what trafficking is. We have what we think. It's the movie taken, You know, girls being taken against their will. Yeah. But sometimes they willful willfully do something, they make a foolish decision or whatever, and then they're stuck in it. And I've seen what you just mentioned more often than any of 'em overseas, wherever they might give their passport up. Right? Hey, yeah. Hold my passport. And that's kind of how they keep 'em at this, You know, brothel or whatever.


And before they know it, they're being soft traffic. They went there on their own accord. They see, I'll do this 'cause I can make some money, but now they can't get their passport back or not. And it, I mean, some of the shit's just, You know, downtown Miami. Yeah. Oh yeah, Dude. You know, and it's, it's just, Hey, show up to our condo and Oh bro, we get, I mean, I've seen news, I've seen newspaper ads, You know, we can Bring it up and right here in Nashville. I mean, we could go just down the road in Nashville and You know, I mean, anywhere you go, there's not a city. Everybody's like, oh. So what are your, What are your thoughts on that? I mean, when you have, have you, have you, have you dealt with this at all by chance? Yeah. Yeah. What? I mean, 'cause I I'm not gonna lie, I got fucking mixed feelings about it. Yeah. I mean, I think it's, I think it's fucked up, You know what I mean?


But at the same time it's like, well, I mean, pornography is an industry. It's not like that. You just got, it's not like you just fell for this. I mean, yeah, you've obviously seen porn and obviously sought out a way to make money selling yourself on camera. That's right. You know, and, and so is it tra is it trafficking? Are they, no. So it's, are they, You know what I mean? I mean, you, It's not, I fucking hate to say it, but it's part of me is like, you got yourself into this mess. Yes. You fucking got yourself into this mess. You've seen porn, you've seen what they do. Why are you acting surprised?


Now there's A lot then there's a lot. Some of this shit just has to be, I think like, sorry, you made a fucked up decision and now you're gonna have to live with these consequences. And there's a lot of that. Right. There's a lot of, because there is no criminal nexus to really do anything. There might be a misdemeanor prostitution charge. I think Texas recently made it a felony to, to, to pop pay for sex, which is crazy to me. You know, is it morally wrong? Yes. Is it criminally wrong on the books? Yeah. Most of it's a misdemeanor if it's, You know, this level of prostitution or even pornography to some, You know, some extent I do believe has a federal nexus. But all of that being said, it's really a moral issue.


I don't think it's anything that you can go after criminally. Now here's the caveat to that. Most of these women that find themselves in that position, or even a lot of the men that find themselves in that position, were sexually targeted, were abused as a child or at a younger age. So there might be a level of victim hood there where they're, they're at this point where this is what, what they do. I, I don't know. 'cause I've never been in that world to the point that I, You know, my mind has been shifted to think that this is all I'm worth. Right. But there is that aspect of it. And for us, what we try to go after, going all the way back to, to what I was saying a little bit ago, a person of understanding draws out the real issues at hand when it comes to prostitution, when it comes to pornography, when it comes to any of these things.


The only thing that we could do is give a safe, a safe on the rescue side. Like he was talking about the guy who asked the question to give a safe environment for the advocates of organizations that these are women, generally speaking, who are people of understanding they might have been in that position. We create a safe environment for advocates to go in and do this, sit down and talk and interview these ladies to try to get them out of this without any law enforcement interference. Because as soon as we say, yeah, this is human trafficking and we wanna make a case, well, it's our constitution that says that the accused has the right to stand before the accuser and a jury of their peers. Well, what do you think most of these women want, want to do if they, if they truly are a victim, they don't want to sit in front of their accused.


Yeah. And now, and here's the thing, you got people saying, well then they shouldn't have to. Well, yeah, well then we're gonna do away with the US Constitution. It was put in a pla in place for a reason. So there is the bureaucracy of the US Constitution. That is a good thing. I I do believe that the, the Bill of Rights is a good thing And it protects us tremendously. But oftentimes when we call something that, kinda like you said, is it human trafficking or is it not? You know, do we, maybe, maybe not. But this woman doesn't wanna testify perfect. We can't do anything criminally with it. And it's not on the law enforcement agency to be an advocate on this victim's behalf if she is a victim. And so that's where the NGOs get involved. The problem with the NGOs, they advocate on this victim's behalf, but you've gotta get that trafficker.


Well, I can't because I can't get your lady to testify. So that's kind of the, that's the dynamic you run into. So again, what we focus on with law enforcement agencies and with our law enforcement credentials, with the guys in our group who, wherever they're sworn out of, we build cases specifically targeting individuals who are going after kids because we can get those felony arrests. We don't have to have anybody testify on that because we're the ones who are testifying on it. We're the ones who set up the operation. We're the ones who provided the training to the law enforcement officers or the law enforcement agency that set up the, the operation that made these arrests. So we do decoy based operations to catch these individuals that are targeting kids.


And guess what, when we rip their phones, when we, all that stuff that you talk to, is it Ryan McDonald? Ryan Montgomery. Montgomery. I say McDonald Ryan Montgomery about they rip his phones and find all this data. Well, that's how the law enforcement agency now has a probable cause search warrant or a subpoena to rip this person's phone. And now they get all of this information of where they're abusing kids. Having the youngest, I've seen a guy having sex with his own 18 month old daughter, ba he showed up for a 14-year-old girl. We arrested him based on that. We ripped his phone and found out this other thing over here that nobody else knew about. And that was a couple years ago. And, and he got, I think the FBI went forward with him and charged him Federal, no, it might've been homeland that went forward with him and charged him federally.


He got state and federal charges. So I say that to say that's why we focus on that is because sometimes this problem already exists over here, And it's gonna take counselors and the person of Jesus Christ to fix this issue. Yeah. I don't think we can fix it with, with legislation. Yeah. But with the kids, we have legislation in place and we can target the individuals who are targeting others. Our goal is to get predators, because that's what these, that's what these guys are doing. They're preying upon all of these people who are, who are weaker than them. And in particular women who might be in a bad situation. Yeah. Well, thank you for clarifying all that stuff. We're gonna, we're gonna dive in a lot deeper a little later on, but, but for now, I want to dig into your life story.


So yeah, let's just start right at the very beginning. Where did you grow up? I grew up in, I was actually born in Lynchburg, Virginia. Lived there for a little while. My dad's side of the family was there, but then grew up in Jefferson County, Alabama. North Jefferson is the, the area. Normal kid, like a middle class family. Granddaddy had a farm. We lived kind of in like a little neighborhood, so a little bit of country kids slash suburban, You know, played football and baseball for a little bit. I didn't play baseball in high school. Did track some wrestled, did all the, You know, all that, all that stuff growing up, hunted and fished and went to church. I mean, that's what we did.


And How many brothers and sisters? Two brothers and a sister. And we're all relatively close in age. And they, I think my, my brother and my, my youngest brother and sister, they are, they were in the ninth grade when I was in the 12th grade. So what is that four year? They're four years younger than me. Are you the oldest? I'm the oldest. I'm the oldest of, of the, the four kids. And then one of my brothers an engineer. My other brother's a a master welder, and now he's on the sales side. So he does a lot with welding and gas and he's, You know, they're both in the, in the business world. And then my sister, she actually recently started working for us.


We hired her as our office manager, which was pretty cool to be able to do. And she came on board and started running things in the office, running scheduling and all that for, for our team at Covenant Rescue Group. So, but yeah, grew up with him. Dad is a pastor, an ordained minister. He pastors at Hayden First Baptist Church in Hayden, Alabama. And, You know, grew up always being rooted in in the faith. 19 went, became a firefighter and was in paramedic school, or not 19 when I graduated high school, firefighter paramedic school. And at age 19 went on a mission trip with a church and felt, felt called to do something different. And that was kind of my, my track into the seal teams came home.


I talked my dad about it. Took over. No kidding. Yeah. How did that


happen? You guys know, my wife and I are always looking for ways to improve our sleep. We just started using cozy earth's, bamboo sheets and they're already making a difference between work, travel, the kids, and everything life throws at us. Knowing we'll have a comfortable bed to come home to is a huge relief. If you're looking to make your home an escape from the outside world's demands surprise your love with Cozy Earth, cozy Earth's Sheets would make a great gift. Guys, listen up. I'm not joking. My wife loves these sheets. She's been raving about 'em for months now. Visit cozy earth.com/ss to get up to 40% off. Cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of all products. Plus cozy Earth's bedding products have a 100 night sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. So there's no reason not to try them. Skip the candy. Surprise your wife or your girlfriend with Cozy Earth, they deserve it. Head to cozy earth.com/ssn Now to get up to 40% off, that's cozy earth.com/srs. And don't forget, if you're asked in a post-purchase survey, let them know you heard about Cozy Earth right here on the Shawn Ryan Show. Once again, your ladies are gonna love it


If you take your health as seriously as I do. You know how important hydration is. That's why I want to tell you about hoist. Hoist is made in the U S A and has three times the electrolytes and half the sugar compared to other sports drinks with no artificial dyes or preservatives. Hoist is on military bases globally serving war fighters and operations and training. I wish I had had hoist as an option for hydration during my military career, especially the brand new flavor. They just released five Star Punch through December 31st, 2025 Hoist is donating a minimum of $10,000 to Folds of Honor, a nonprofit organization that provides educational scholarships to family members of fallen service members or first responders. Hoist is now available in all Publix locations. You can use the store locator on their website to find a store near you, or you can purchase directly from drink hoist.com where you can use my code SRS to save 15% on their website. Go check out their website, that's drink hoist.com and use my code SRS to save 15%.


I went to Africa and I just, for whatever reason, the Lord laid on my heart, you needed change your trajectory, do something different. And it was, the military was kind of in my heart and mind. And What was it, what was going on in Africa? Like how did that even just enter your head? So we, we went over, I went with a, with a church, Gardendale First Baptist Church, where, where my, my wife and I go now. And in Gardendale, Alabama, we went with GFPC to, I can't even remember where we were in Africa. It was close to Angola. And we're do putting wells in, right? Doing wells. And I remember seeing, we put a well in one village, if, if I'm just giving you a very specific thing that kind of triggered that in me putting a well in one village here.


I'm an 18-year-old kid, 19 maybe at the time, just turned 19. And this guy comes over from another village and he's pissed that we put a put a well in this village and he starts beating this old woman. So here I am, just some freaking 19-year-old, You know, kid from Mount or Mount Olive, Alabama Garden to Alabama. And I go over and, You know, grab, Hey, you're not gonna start. And then all the manic spun up this big thing, Hey, we're not here to do that. You can't do that. And it kind of, kind of pissed me off. And I'm saying, well, he's just beating this old lady with like this, this stick, this like, almost like the things you hit the horses with, You know, like a, not a whip, but You know, a hard stick. He's hitting her and beating her because he's mad because we put a well in her village right here.


And he wanted it in his. So that being said, we, that kind of chat, I was like, I wanna do something where I can actually do something about this if I see it. And I remember thinking that. And so I talked my dad and, and we went to the recruiters. At the time Bush had just started those contracts. This was like the oh 4, 0 5 timeframe when those contracts came into play. So graduated high school, Of course this would've been oh five. And I looked at 'em All Seal was the, You know, all special operations program. My dad said, Hey, if you're gonna do something, military is special, but do something special. He said, you need to do special operations if you got the option to do it, don't, don't go just to go to the military, be anybody, do something special.


Remember in Buzz they had that thing, You know, be somebody special. You remember that on the old Grindr? Yeah. Oh, that was funny. That dad, he, he did say that. He said do something special. And SEAL was the hardest contract out of all of 'em. He had the, the SEAL contract, I think Air Force PJ and Combat Controller was the second hardest. They had an X-ray contract, I think was the Army Green Beret. And they had something for rasp or some, some whatever the Ranger contract was. And the Marine was just go Marine infantry. And then they had just started spinning up MARSOC for the Raiders. That was kind of a process there, but I don't think it was a contract. So I said, all right God, I'll do whatever you want me to do and I'll just take the hardest one. If I pass it, that's where I'll go. So I took the asvab, the run, the swim, the pull-ups, all the stuff for the, the SEAL contract and passed it, got the contract.


I said, well this is where God wants me to go. And, You know, marched down that road to be a Navy SEAL. Right on. Did did you have any family in the Missouri? Any history? No. So I had an uncle that was in the Army, but, and then my, my, my granddaddies, my, my great granddaddy and my granddaddy, my dad's dad served in the Korean War, my great granddaddy, my, my mom's granddaddy was War, war ii. He went in on, he was in the Army. He went in on D-Day and his brother was a Marine and was in, I think it was in Iwo Jima, in Guac Canal, if I remember right. Oh. From what they said. So I had that, but it was kind of distant. I remember hearing some of the stories. And then I had an uncle who was in the Army in the nineties, in Bosnia timeframe.


I think he deployed to Bosnia, but that's it. I mean, we weren't, I had another uncle that was a Marine, but we weren't really a military family. It was just kind of, yeah. Hodgepodge, hit or miss. And, but I went to, went to the military and did the, did did the seal thing. Just at, I hate to say happenstance is the route that God directed me, but just kind of went through that door. What'd you think of buds? I, dude, it was, I actually wrote a, a, a, a small book. Big surprise, right. Team guy writes a book. That's what they writing front, but it's only 40 pages. So I got a bunch of buddies make fun of, call it a pamphlet, that's what it's called, A pamphlet. Nice armor of God through the eyes of a seal. And, and I, I write about it in there.


And it's kind of interesting when you're going through stuff and thinking and writing your thoughts on paper, which I didn't, haven't historically done. I'm a terrible writer. It, but it kind of popped out. I'm like, that was, it wasn't that hard, but it was the hardest thing I ever did. Does that make sense? The physical standard, You know, it wasn't, I mean, I couldn't meet it now, You know, nearly 40 years old. I mean, it's, You know, but at the time I remember like, the standard wasn't that hard. I don't know if you remember that. It wasn't, yeah. But it was the hardest thing I ever did. And I was, I was thinking, how could that, how could that be? It's because, and this is what I believe, it's because they make you bad at what you're good at.


They wanna see how you respond to your own failure. And that's the difference in the selection process. That's what I saw. And that's what I thought about it, You know? And, and this is now years out, looking back on it, I was, I was not gonna make it through Buzz. I was like, this is impossible. And second Corinthians 12, nine, where God is talking to Paul, he says, my grace is sufficient for you. My strength is made perfect in your weakness. When Paul asked that the thorn in his flesh be removed three times, and God says, you're gonna keep it, my grace is sufficient for you. My strength will be made perfect in your weakness. I was having some issues, You know, I'd failed some runs or no, not, yeah, yeah. I'd failed some runs. I shouldn't have failed. Got really good at swimming And it wasn't that great at swimming.


And I was like, God, I'm not gonna make it on this. I should be able to, but I'm not gonna make it. And he said, Hey, don't quit and I'll see you through it. And he did. His grace was sufficient. His strength was made perfect in my weakness. And that's, was there something in particular that, well, I tore my calf muscle in first phase and that, that really Oh, really? Yeah. That, that negatively impacted my runs. I went from running pretty well, You know, being able to do the four miler and, You know, 25, 26 minutes to where like when I gotta third phase even I'm talking third phase, like, we're done, we're ready to go. I've got dudes pushing me down the beach. I mean, my, my legs just would not go as fast.


Yeah. But I tore that calf muscle in hell week And it never, it never was the same. It still is not the same. What did you find to be the, the, the toughest portion? Probably the, the cold water, You know, or shallow water blackout was easier than I, than I thought. You know, you're doing the 50 meter underwater swim. I did a little shallow water black. I think most everybody in our class did right on that one. But I was talking with Stump about that recently and, and he was kind of laughing about it, talking through at least what they looked at on the second phase side. But that was hard, but not as hard as you think. But I would say the cold, the cold water across the board, I, I was not, I'm an Alabama guy, You know, was not prepared for that cold water or that, that hypo those hypothermic conditions.


Yeah. That was, that'll make you, you seen a movie, the Hateful Eight, that Tarantino movie, You know, they got the No, I haven't. Oh man, that's, so this is, it's not a very good Christian example, let's put it that way. But he's like, man, a man in the cold would do anything to stay warm. I can't imagine a Tarantino film being That's Right. Had this dude out in the snow butt naked, You know? Anyway, he is like doing anything to get a blanket, You know, to warm up. And that's, that's the way you feel. You know, they're in Bud. I mean, that's, that was probably the, the hardest thing for me. I hated being cold. Yeah. I still hate being cold. Yeah. What class were you from? So I classed up with 2 6, 4. You probably know, You know, Trump system, Jared Ogden. He did some stuff on the Discovery Channel.


Yeah, I target System. I, I I've met him. Yeah. So he's got a Target system. Yeah, The Target system. Yeah, I think it's Triumph System. He is a great dude. I still talking to some, but he, he was our OIC that's why I say that. So that was 2 6 4. And I went through hell week with him and then got rolled and then graduated with Class 2 6 7. Okay. Yeah. Graduated Buds and SQT with 2 6 7. Where'd you wind up going? Seal Team three. So Team three. Yep. Team three checked into Team three and checked in to the, basically the tail end of that solder city deployment. So my OIF, You know, whatever is not, I mean, it's just checking into the tail end of deployment. Didn't really do anything. Went to Germany and for two months with Group one As they did the transition through, which was pretty neat, meeting a lot of the, the high level brass driving 'em around, working with him and then went, went, Oh, I bet you love that.


Yeah. Hey dude, I'll be honest with you. It wasn't, it wasn't that bad. Are you serious? The reason I will say my experience was different. So if, I don't know if you hear it, but because you live here in Tennessee now, but I have a little bit of an accent to, to most people, right? So a lot of these master chiefs, and a lot of these you May not have noticed, but I got a little bit of an accent. A lot of these master chiefs and stuff, these guys, they, I loved the country kid, You know, they got, and so I was always treated pretty well. They, they enjoyed riding with me. They, they, You know, taking 'em to wherever St. Stu Gart to the tent, special Forces group thing out there and the sif and all that stuff.


And so I'm just driving 'em around and they just love talking and talked to 'em and, and I was just this country kid, You know, just talk about anything, talk about Auburn football, Alabama football, You know, and talk about hunting, fishing. And they just, they, I never had any issues. It wasn't bad. It was just, it was easy. And then went to, met with my platoon chief in Germany, came through, interviewed us and he s slated me for sniper school. He told me, he said, you sound like you'll be a better sniper than you will be a comms guy 'cause I don't wanna hear you on the radio. So Benny sent me to Sniper School and that's where, I mean, I was probably the team six months at that time, maybe eight Months. Oh shit. So you got sniper like right away, Right away.


Got sniper school and went there and, and man loves sniper School was the most fun training. Like, it's like what I was made for is 'cause what I grew up doing as a kid. So anyway, that was, that was that, that portion of, of, of the, of team three. So when you say OIFI mean you rotate in Iraq and out of Iraq. Yeah. It sounds cool. That's, I got OIF like all the, oh, sixes get OIF. Does that make sense? Gotcha. Yeah. Just go there and get a badge and leave. I'm here. Let's talk about sniper school. Yeah. As a new guy, It, again, it wasn't the, the Lord, the Lord blessed me tremendously. It was fun.


We did van fights, I mean all the, the hazing stuff, the new guy stuff. And we would, we would fight and all that, which was fun. I mean, here I'm this kid from the country. This is what it was. We had a fight club when I was, we didn't have a wrestling team. So we all wrestled in the off season on our own. And we started a fight club. We got in trouble for it, but this is what we did. Well now I'm getting to do it and I'm not getting in trouble for it. We're grown men having van fights or fighting Conex boxes or, or whatever. And so that was, that was cool. That was fun. Sniper school was great. I learned so much that I didn't have a clue I could shoot, but I didn't have a clue about. And lemme go ahead and tell you, even going that I went to that third test of the 300 win mag, You know, you gotta do 90% on snaps and movers.


You're shooting an 11 inch moving target, You know, the like waist to shoulder 11 inches wide at, at 800 meters. And they said, we're gonna teach you how to re wind and shoot that. I'm like, where I come from, you don't teach anybody to do that. That's just luck. You know? I remember saying that and thinking it, You know, but going to that, that school and learning the sniper craft was just a blast. You know? And it was in Indiana, the guy I mentioned earlier, at some time I don remember I was talking off camera on camera, Troy d Hart, buddy of mine, I met him in Indiana, going to church there one day. And he showed up on base. It's a regular army base and we have our little compound there. And this guy shows up in Ty and everything.


And he said, here I am, some guy with like long hair and sideburns. And I said, Hey, are you the pastor church? He goes, no, I'm picking up people to take him to church. I said, all right, wait, I wanna come ra we, and he had been praying for about six months. He said that he would meet a seal because he knew seals were on that base. And I happened to be the guy he met. And then he's been tied close to the community ever since. No kidding. Yeah. And that was 2007 I think. 2008. Interesting timeframe. So anyway, Can you walk us through kind of the, your pipeline at Sniper School? Yeah. So it's a little more detail. It's changed. It's changed. Now. You got pick, pick pic, photographer, pictograph, whatever it is. So we did that at the Strand 'cause there was West Coast guy and then the East Coast guys do whatever in Virginia Beach.


And then you have what's pic pic photographer or pic pictograph where you take a camera, You know, like, and you have to, You know, hold the button. So it lets all the light in. 'cause You know, it's the old school pics, You know, picture stuff. So you have like light up a tag on a car and complete darkness without night vision or without shining a light on it. And it's basically surveillance based stuff, right? That would be the pick portion and learning how to use that equipment. Do you mind if I elaborate A little bit? Yeah, please do. So, so pick is a, pick is the first course in, into the sniper pipeline. And it's basically learning how to use cameras not be detected, no flashes.


You should be able to take a picture and, and what a hundred percent darkness. Yeah. Zero visibility. And, and then they teach you how to kind of compress that in and send it over a communications unit. Yep. Satcom What? Yeah, whatever, whatever the, the communications platform they have at the time. Is this changed? Now they have a different comms platform, but, So that's it. So yeah, so basically you, you get in, observe a target, conduct surveillance, send that surveillance over the net to somewhere else. And, and, and that's, I mean that's, I would say that's probably the majority of, of sniper missions is Yeah.


Is surveillance. And so you need to know how to, how to get that data and be able to send it over over comms. And then, so after you're Better. So you're better that, that's, that's a great description. It's the Only portion of sniper school I actually completed. So there You go. So well, you pick And it, and it's a, it's a beneficial portion. 'cause like you said, I didn't any surveillance operation. That's what we, we do a lot of wherever you're at. And that's important 'cause that's helps, helps you build targets. Scout, you go from picking to Scout and again, it, the pipeline has changed. Now I think it's more meshed together. So pick was, was it two or four weeks? You know, it was, it was, I about it. Can't remember about a month. It was about a month. I don't think it was a full month, but it was pretty close. Somewhere between two and four weeks.


And then you go to scout. Scout was six weeks, if I remember right. And that's stalking. So the East Coast guys are stalking in the woods. It's the easiest thing in the flipping world. And the West Coast guys are stalking through La Posta and I mean they're like watching, seeing trails where you're dragging your sniper bag behind. You see the dust trails kicking up out there in La Posta where you're stalking, stalking through and, and you stalk up, you set up a, a hide site, but you still haven't shot a rifle yet. You're not a sniper. You then set up your camera that you learned all about. You set your camera up, you take a picture of the target, you have to read a certain card. They'll hold up, You know, a card. You get the picture, you read the card, you tell it to 'em, they're watching your spot.


You know, they got the, the instructor in the field who's within five yards of you or whatever. And they're looking in that area to see if they find you, find your camera, find any of that. So that's the scout portion. So it's now implementing pick with staying hidden really, really, really well. Right. You're actually, you got your Gilly suit, all that, that junk. Right. And that is Scout. And then finally you go to Sniper, which is, at the time, I wanna say it was, it might've been eight weeks, it might not have been, might've been six or seven weeks, but I think it was two, it was two months. It was blocked off for that. So altogether it was like a four month program. Wow. It started in December for me. And I think I graduated in April and the sniper was great.


So you're doing stalks, you're no longer taking pictures, you're taking shots. It, it was, it was great. And it was a lot of fun. A lot of good dudes that you're there with. And you're just, you're just stalking around the woods in, in Indiana taking shots, you're shooting yard lines every day. 300 wind mag. So the, the Mark 13, the, the Mark elevens, it was just, it was phenomenal. And then during, it wasn't deer season at the time, but when you go back to do stuff at sniper school, help instructor, whatever there during deer season, you're hunting in Indiana. I mean it's just, it's fun. It's farthest shot you took at sniper school. Farthest shot in sniper school was a little over 1200 meters. I wanna say it's like 1300 yards plus or minus. That's the furthest shot you take. Which was interesting because that's when I wanna say of all people, I think it was Chris, Kyle and them developed long range target interdiction for the West coast and the East coast.


Because the farthest shot we took in sniper school, especially when we got to Afghanistan, wasn't, it was like a chump shot. You know, it's like, oh wow. 1200 yards. That's great. It's an easy shot compared to some of the shots we're taking, the furthest person I killed was 2,345 yards. So You killed somebody at 2000. How, how far? 2,345 yards they were. Holy motorcycle. Holy shit. I missed them four times beforehand. But blind squirrel finds a nut every now and again. So, so we so got that. And then some of the guys in the hindsight with us, some of 'em are still in, I'll try not to say their names, but we'll Get there. Don't go there yet. Yeah. That we'll get there. But that was interesting to see. The furthest sniper school shot did not compare to what we were shooting like regularly in, in Afghanistan or even, I, I think sometimes even in Iraq, I mean guys were taking, You know, some 1500 meter plugs.


Damn. We did a, we did a lot of sniper stuff in Baghdad. I don't think anybody took a shot over 50 yards. Well, yeah. Especially with a lot of CQB based stuff. You know, you, you won but, Well these were, these were, you're In sniper hides. Yep. That's his, these are sniper hides. We just, yeah, No, Afghanistan. I think I shot one dude from like me to you and I'd already shot him once before from Sniper Hide. Yeah. Cleared up on him and he set up with his AK and I, You know, cleared around this little wall on him. I shot Him. You get there too? Yeah. Where was that at? That was in a place called, well it was close to Kalo would be the big area. It was, it was pretty far. It was like a day's drive from Kalo, but it would've been close to Kalo.


Okay. Yeah. Okay. I think it was called Karen Kale maybe. And it Doesn't matter. We'll get there. We'll get to all that, the combat limits. So, so you get through sniper school, how'd you graduate? You know, top of the class? No, no, definitely not. Top of the class. A guy named Brian Clayton was at the top of our class. I think he got the, the, the gun. He, he did great. I actually did pretty good on the stalks. I stalked one day in a, in just a flannel jacket and a pair of blue jeans and stalked all the way up and stocked around the instructor's little thing there and set up, You know, so I did good on the stalks. 'cause it's pretty flip and easy.


I mean, if you could stalk up on a deer with a bow in the woods, You know, that's which I was doing in Alabama and like kind of slip behind trees, find a spot, jump 'em, climb up, shoot a deer. If you can do that, you can stalk up on a bunch of flipping teen guys with Bonos. I mean that's easy. And so it was stalking around. But that being said, I didn't, I'm maybe middle of the class, You know, is is where I was. I was not, it's funny how the Lord works. I go in, oh yeah man, I can shoot. I'm there. All this arrogance of who, who I am and how great I am and all this. I grew up in the woods, You know, then all of a sudden you realize, no, I suck compared, compared to these guys. But yeah, I think Brian graduated top of our class.


There was a lot of good dudes in our class, but I graduated and that, that's where I decided, I had been dating my wife for a little while at the time and graduation day. The family all comes, you can have family up, friends up, whatever. They all come up, shoot sniper rifles. It was a fun time. I invited my dad, my brothers and, and her dad and me and him were fishing in Troy's pond and I'll back fishing. And that's where I, I said, Hey, I want to ask Lauren to, to marry me. Can I ask your daughter to marry me? And he said, he said, you're gonna have to ask her about that son. But after this weekend, it's perfectly fine with me sitting there. We not fishing. He loved the guns and the fishing.


That's awesome. How'd you meet your wife? It's my dad being a pastor. Her grandparents went to, to their church and we kind of knew of each other through that. And then my, my brother and his wife hooked us up on like a blind date one time when I came home on leave, I came back from that Iraq Germany thing that, You know, told you about. I came home and they kind of hooked us up on a blind date and we hit it off and started dating. And then six months later I was asking her dad to, if I could, eight months later I was asking her dad if I could ask her to marry me. Nice. Yeah. Nice. You guys have been married ever since? Yeah, we've Been married 16 years. Yeah. Congratulations.


Yeah, Thank you. Thank You. Made it through the SEAL Teams. Made it through the SEAL teams. Yeah, she was with me the whole time through the SEAL teams. Not just, not the, the, You know, buds portion, but she did whatever it was. And you don't hear that very often. You know, it's really weird. I don't know. I don't know if I'm just choosing, I, I don't know what the hell is going on. Everybody that comes on here lately from our background has, has, has had a successful marriage, which is Really, that's good. Well that's good. I it's awesome. It's just, it's such a rarity and it's, it's just interesting that the, the latest group of soft veterans that have been on this show have not been divorced.


But, so anyways, I'd like to, what, what do you, what is the, for you and your wife, what's the, what's the secret to a successful marriage? Christ. Christ. Yeah. If can't draw anything, but let's say this is her over here. And then my wife's a great, great woman, by the way. I mean, she's unbelievable. Very of everything she's good at. She's very wise in and, and may, and I think a lot of women are probably this way, but she's very wise in let me know what relationships I should foster. Whether business relationships or friendships or whatever and which ones I should cut off. She's very perceptive of people.


I I'm not as much, You know, so she's helped me a lot in that. So she's a great woman, but set all that aside. If she's here and I'm here and Christ is at the top and we're both seeking Christ, You know, that's been something we've seen. We're gonna grow together, grow closer together as we seek him. If there's anything else that you see. 'cause we're never gonna lie on everything. I love everything. That's awesome and cool. She loves things that are stupid. That's, that's, that's the way we look at it, right? And so we're never gonna be going toward the same thing. I wanna hunt and fish. She doesn't care about hunting fish and she just wants to spend money at stores and we're never gonna coalesce on that. So, but if we both are growing into Christ, first and foremost, Matthew 6 33 seek you first.


The kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be adding unto you, you'll grow closer together. And that's been, that has been what's held us together for 16 years. It's, it's been phenomenal to see. She's a believer like, like I am, obviously. So that, that is easy. An easy question. That's, that's what keeps us together. Perfect. So what happens after you, after you leave Sniper school? Leave Sniper school, go to Team three, combat deployment or do do a workup. Normal workup. And now in a, an engagement relationship with my wife at that point in time, do the normal workup thing, slate it to Afghanistan. Go to Afghanistan. It was the wild West at the time. I didn't realize this. I'll have to go back and look like, like I said, I talked with Stomp recently.


He said you got a bad memory. He said that deployment was 10 months long for some reason I was thinking six, six months. Right. Because, You know, normal team deployments or, or six months. But, and he was right. It was a 10 month deployment, I think from February till November was when the whole team was was gone over there. Were you with him? Yeah, he was. So he had done, he put me through second phase and then he did his, it's not LDO, he was explaining it to me, but it wass going to do an officer thing. I forget what it was called. And he checked into team three. 'cause You know, he was over at development group, got shot, went to Buzz as an instructor and that's where I first met him. When he left Buzz as an instructor, he went to, and the only reason I remember this, 'cause he literally was just telling it to me like last week or the week before.


He went to team three to do his team A OIC or whatever it was. 'cause he was trying to do that officer program. And so he went to Afghanistan with us and, but anyway, we did that deployment. It was, it was the Wild West is what every team guy signed up for. I loved it. It was great. Lots of, You know, just lots of gun, lots of gunfights. You know, you're getting, you're getting bored. You're getting rocketed. Killing bad guys. Well, I'll tell you what this sounds like. It's gonna get really interesting. Oh, does it? Okay. All right. So let's, let's take a quick break. Yeah. When we come back, we'll pick right up with, with Afghanistan.


Alright, Sounds good.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code SS Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared. And I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency, down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply.


Prepare with sean.com. It's seeming more and more like we're about to hit an inflation cycle. Like we saw in the seventies, president Reagan once said that inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hitman. And I couldn't agree more. The price of gold during the last inflation cycle during the seventies was a saving grace for a lot of people that were trying to protect their savings.


That's why I want you to go to Sean likes gold.com to learn more about my partners over at Goldco. They're a great company, impeccable customer service. And for my listeners, they're gonna give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help protect your money. And lucky for you, you could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. To learn more, call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold or visit sean likes gold.com. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


All right, Jared, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to get into, would you consider this your first deployment? Yeah, I mean it's, the Navy wouldn't consider it my first deployment, but yeah, it's my first combat deployment for sure. Okay. You know, so yeah, Let's go there, man. Yeah, So what, I mean, You had to be pumped, right? Oh man. You went to, you went to Iraq, but it was kind of just nothing. Yeah, nothing checked into the end of the Iraq deployment. Nothing because I mean, literally there I was there for, You know, a week, You know, and then went straight over to, where did we go? I can't even remember where we went through.


Doesn't matter. Went to Germany, did that. So I mean that's, that's my experience. The SEAL team and now at Sniper School workup. But now we're going to war, we're gonna, it's what every team now signs up. So Did You know you were going to war before Sniper school or did you find Out after? No, no, we found out after because see, You know, and, and I don't, I think they still do a similar training pipeline or program, not training, but deployment cycle would be your professional development. So pro dev, You know, my pro dev was sniper school and then ULT unit level training, which is your, You know, assaults ops, You know, land Warfare, all of that stuff. And it was at the front end of that. They kind of tell you where they think you're slated for each troop within the, within the team, and which the troops two platoons, but each troop within the team, they kind of tell you where you're slated for.


But I think they kind of decide over that unit level training, who's gonna get to go where. And they, they told us sometime during that process that we were slated to go to Afghanistan and do the, it turned into the commando mission. Yeah. And some of the VSO stuff that the teams did, You know, later on in the, in the like 2011, 2000, can you explain what the VSO thing is? Yeah, so VSO civilians. Yeah, so VSO would be, it'd be more like a Green Beret mission, right? Where Green Berets go in, they live with the indigenous people in an area and they try to build white space in these, You know, villages they're living in, right?


So it wasn't it, it was kinetic because everybody knows there's Americans here, so they would come in and they would always try. It was, You know, very defensive in nature on the VSO side. And so you're trying to build white space. So you could bring conventional military in, set up the stuff and start developing these areas. That is really, they, they were, I mean they were out there, there were, there was just, you're just in the middle of nowhere with these folks living on, I mean their, their electricity was a guy bringing a battery the size of your end table right there, You know, and plug his lights up to it and that was their electricity. Well water, I mean it was biblical times farming and stuff like that. So you would live in the villages with the people and you would try to, You know, build white space, pushing the Taliban out.


So that's just a real, You know, layman's way of explaining what those VSO operations were. Well, this was at the front end of that. It went really wasn't VSO operations And it was also commando mission. So that's the one for one, Hey, we're training the Afghani commandos or whatever, You know, that, that, that you wanna call 'em the a a or the A NP and we have to go out on ops with 'em for specific target. So not going after real high value targets. Some tau ban commanders and stuff like that. But we're working one for one. This was at the front end of that. So we initially started off not having to do one for one operations. We were doing unilateral ops on our own all over the, the country, but especially within SEA JA soda.


And then it kind of got, we got Keyhole to doing the one for one operations with the Afghans. What do you mean, one for one? Do you mean one Afghan per one operator? Yeah, one Afghan per per operator. Holy, You know, shit. So it, it didn't start out like that. It was we're on our own and then it was, you gotta have partner force with you. So we might have four partner force guys per one, or I'm sorry, one partner for force guy, You know, for every four seals or something like this. So you'd just have a few partner force guy. Then it turned into literally got a partner force guy got me And it, it really wasn't, it wasn't great, it wasn't terrible. They would normally call a tax in on us, You know, doing stuff like that.


We'd set up to do A-K-L-E-A key leader engagement. We'd come in at night set during the daytime. Sometimes we'd go to areas where we knew we could get a Taliban commander and we might, You know, capture or kill that guy again, all lower level targets. It's not like you're going after bin Laden than any of these, but you're going after valuable people maybe for this, for this area, for whatever the, the big machine. The big green machine being the army or You know, big blue being NSW there and say, hey, this is, this is who we wanna go after. This is what we want. So a lot of sniper missions, a lot of cool stuff on that. I'm trying to think. I've, I lost my train of thought. I apologize.


With the, oh, the VSO. So that was the front end of VSO because we were living with the a and a and their compound. We were living like, we call it the Alamo. I didn't have a shower for like 65 days, just well water from a pump, no electricity, eating crap. Like we're living with it, but we're also rolling out and oping. So I mean, it is complete Freedom is the wild west. It's like Josie Wells. It's what nice. Every country kid from Alabama desires when you sign up to go to war, right? And it was literally freedom. I, I did, I felt like Josie Wells every day, if everybody's, hopefully everybody's familiar with Outlaw Josie Wells that listens to this. Like you're, you're just out doing the work. And so that was really cool.


And then we built a fob up and moved out from that area with right next to where they were. But we moved out from there and then had more conventional come in and really started setting up FOB Tapper was the name of the fob in, in nha, a place called Nha. Eddie was actually there. You're talking about Eddie Gallagher earlier. We did turnover with their, their platoon. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Ogden, Jared Ogden. He was there. We did a turnover with them. And what part Of Afghanistan is this? It was right on the border of Pakistan. So it's like, it would be eastern, You know, maybe a little bit Northeastern. It was a little bit south of Gosney. I could show you on a map, but it's just a place called Nha Kel, a town right down from that was a little bit of a Taliban stronghold till we killed some of the Taliban leaders in that area.


Let's, Let's, let's, let's, let me, let me get, let's talk about your first, it sounds like a lot of shit happened on this deployment. Yeah. You get a lot of action. The Optempo sounds pretty damn good. So let's just talk about your first, your first operation. Yeah. Ever with the DEA. It was the DEA fast team and we were out of, this is before I went to NHA and we did the, the full turnover. We did a, I forgot where the OP was, but they were burning the poppy fields. Okay. You remember the DA fast team? Yeah, I remember that. And burned the poppy fields. And it was us, Bravo platoon, alpha platoon, the whole task unit.


And we did a op where they went in and burned a poppy. Fields found all the, the stuff they're sending out. I think they said like 70% of the world's opiates came from Afghanistan at, at the time. I don dunno if that's still true or if it was true at the time. That's what they said. And we set up sniper over watches and did the clearance in the village in the villages for them. And they came in, they cleared alongside us and stuff, but they came in and dealt with the, the opiate side. That was the very first operation. And dude, I was, so, I played high school football. The only was, You know, it's like the pre-game nerves, your first op, You know, I'm kind of, kind of nervous, You know, a little bit, but also super pumped because this is it, You know, this is game day and no, nothing crazy.


I don't remember, we might have, You know, ran into a few guys and shot a few guys. I didn't shoot anybody on that op and, but I remember like, this is it, You know, this is what, it's all, everything is culminated to this event, right? Yeah. The, the time to prepare is over 'cause the time to perform is now. I was motivated, super stoked. You team guy with a beard, You know, and all your patches and your, You know, cool guy here, this is it. And so I just remember being super excited about going on that first stop flying and the birds there and going in early morning like nautical twilight, maybe three or four in the morning and getting set up and going through it. And then daytime key leader engagement, going through the stuff. Weapons caches, burning poppy fields, doing your, your biometrics.


We did the, we had the, the guys there with the, you remember the biometric things that do fingerprint prints and blood and eyes doing all that stuff. And so that was my, my first operation. And I think I got pictures from him. I, if I can find 'em, I'll get Steven to send 'em over to you, You know, but I'd just, that'd be great, Dude. Just tickled pink, You know, like a kid on his first deer hunt. Just super excited. That was awesome. 'cause it was, it was freedom. It was Freedom. What now that, now that, You know, this is the day after the election, so praise God. Trump won. My God. No kidding man. Wow. But what I want to ask you is, You know, military recruitment's been super low.


Yeah. Like catastrophic. That's skid. Ready to reverse. And so what I want to ask is now we're gonna get all this interest into of, of young men that want to go into special ops units. I mean, I'm sure you get a ton of messages about those. I do too. And, and with the, the coming influx. 'cause I'm sure it's gonna happen now that the, now that it's command Power is a worthwhile person. Yeah, exactly. Now that we have somebody that actually backs our military. Yeah. What, what advice do you have for somebody that's joining a team? Man that's, we always get a lot of people that wanna know how to integrate into a team, especially at, at that, that, that level.


What would your advice be? Man, that's a great question. I would say the team is, You know, the team is more important than you. And that's hard for a lot of people, especially in our society to get past. And that's a learned trait. But the team is more important than you as an individual. So if you're looking to go join that team, but you can't get out of the mindset of me, me, me, me, me, you, you, you might wanna, You know, wait for a, a new level of maturity to set into your life or you might wanna reassess what you're looking at doing. So that would be the first thing, right? Team is most important.


The, the, the second thing is if you believe what I believe, and then maybe this should be the first thing. If you believe what I believe is a Christian, pray and seek God's face about it. Because if he prepares that way for you or You know, if that's the way that you decide you go, he's gonna prepare that path and you're gonna take those steps and you're gonna be successful. And if he doesn't have that way for you, you will not be successful. And so pray and seek his guidance. If you don't know the Lord, if you don't believe what I believe, ask God to reveal himself to you. We'll be in the person of Jesus Christ and he can draw that path out for you. That, that, that would be, that's what I tell guys when they call me. That first part or that part I just told you about the Lord in Christ. But the second part that I don't tell many people often is the team is more important than you as an individual.


Elevate that above yourself. And if you don't think you're able to do that, you won't be successful. Great advice. Do you have any hard lessons learned? You had a new guy? Yeah, this wasn't as a, as a new guy and I didn't see this until after I was out. I give you two things on this. My chief Mike Bba, he's retired, he is a red squadron guy, came over as chief of my last platoon at team three before I left. And man, I just, especially after that combat deployment, all this, I gave that guy unbelievable hell, You know, just as a, You know, just, just arrogance. I mean, if you just really wanna be honest, if I'm, if I'm being honest with Jared or being honest on, on the show right now, arrogance toward, towards him, toward this is what we did.


I mean, I was, and he was probably one of the best operators I ever worked with. Of course he came from development group. He, You know, and he was, he was there. So, but I mean, he was unbelievable and he was fair. He was a, he was a good guy. And I'm not saying that he was right about everything that he did, but I did not honor him in the way that God calls a Christian man to honor those who are over him in scripture. Right? That would be the first thing. And the Lord laid that heavy on my heart in 2015. It was a group life action who came through my dad's church. My wife and I were there and his pastor was preaching, his name's Shane. He's preaching and he's talking about getting right with people that you, that you have wronged and, and, and being man enough or, or to men and women or woman enough to own what you've done.


That's wrong. And man, the Lord just kept laying Mike Birken back of my heart, Mike Birkin, he was still on the teams at the time. And so I went out, I left it out of left service, went out and called him. And I can't remember if he answered then or if he called me back later, but I said, Hey man, I just wanna let You know, I'm sorry, this is like three years after the fact. Two years outta fact. I said, I'm sorry. He said, for what? You know, I ain't talked with you in a couple years. Whatcha sorry for? And I, I laid it out for him. So the Lord has laid this on my heart and I can't move on unless I get this right. So, and, and we've rekindled that relationship somewhat. I talked to him a couple years ago when he retired, came up to his retirement. But to me that was, that was the, the biggest regret I have of the SEAL teams that I could have done something about.


Not that, to be honest with you, the bureaucracy of the teams and government in general, You know, set all that aside. There's plenty of stuff we can nitpick and say is wrong. That pissed me off about Seal teams. That pissed me off about the government, whoever was elected, whatever the bureaucracy was, Jared could have done that better. So that was my biggest regret and probably the biggest thing I learned. But it wasn't until after the team, it wasn't until it was too late. Yeah. Yeah. The biggest thing I learned as a new guy, a million attaboys can go away with one single uhoh. I, long story short, I shot, set sniper hide, You know, three or four rooms, deep and scope cleared and could see the guys in the town, You know, and I was a sniper on the gun.


There was another sniper there was. I said, nah, I'm gonna be on the gun, dude. He is like, no, no, you're good. Yeah, yeah. You'll be on the gun. You're, you're, you're a better shooter than man. All this I remember, and I won't say the guy's name, some of 'em are still in, but these dudes walk across the little field and got my little UNS on the thing. I mean, dope set. They're like 425 yards. Easy flipping shot three oh win mag, few rooms deep. Nothing, nothing. Something hits me in the face, man. I shot, You know those parapets that are like the porch, You know that the parapet, like you're out on the porch and they've got the little mud, mud walls. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm four rooms deep shooting. Well, my scope sees overseas then, but my muzzle, oh, I, I was freaking punching that.


So I mean, we wound up going out and, You know, successfully completing the mission by killing the guys we need to kill and doing the stuff we need to do. But I fired three shots into a wall at, You know, 30 yards where I was, You know, I had a great sniper hide and all them attaboys, all them good sniper things, You know, all that, all that stuff. It completely goes out the window when everybody finds out. You shot ball three times. Damn, damn. How'd you redeem yourself? I don't know. Just, just, just continued to work, You know, continued to try to do the right thing, You know, but shot that wall, he was and Pa looked at me, he is like, he said, bro, I think you're shooting the wall. I'm like, ah, there's no way That third shot something hit me in the face.


I was like, I shot the wall. Holy. What do you need that 300 win mag rattling out. Can you explain to the audience why you are three or four room rooms deep? Yeah, so it's funny you mention that I do this in did this in the police academy, working in CQB, angles and distance are everything, right? Whether you're in a building, fighting with somebody or whether you're in a sniper high. So if I can fire a shot from this window right here looking over a target, you might see me, you might not, but everybody's gonna look up, oh, there's a guy on that window. But if I can shoot through that same window and be four more windows away, it's gonna be a whole lot harder for you to find me.


So again, for a sniper or even just an operator doing CQB, I wanna use all the angles and distance to my advantage. 'cause there's nothing that I can do all the way up here where I'm being seen that my rifle can't do better from back here where I'm not seen. And so that's, that's why we were three rooms deep. I guess that porch would've been technically a fourth room where we were firing out through the, through the rooms, out the, out the doors. And I hit that, hit that para, but it would've worked great had I not shot the wall. Yeah, it would've been phenomenal. Sounds, sounds like It. So let's move into, let's move into your first opera. Let's move into your first operation. Yeah. Where you got a kill. Yeah, let's move into your First kill.


Yeah, I mean that, that was, I'm trying to think. Building white space. I can't remember if, I think we just drove ATVs. You remember those side-by-sides? We had the like, so I think we just drove those from the fob that we were building up where we were staying at. Sometimes we'd take helos certain places, but I think we just drove 'em the whole way. I know we drove 'em back. We go out, it's, it's dark, You know, it's like two in the morning unilateral op. We're looking for these specific people. Some guy that was making HME, You know, the homemade explosives in that area. And we set up a sniper hide. Me and a guy, I won't use his name, he's still at, he's at red right now. He might be a warrant officer now.


That's how old we are. He's a warrant now. So he, we set up on a hill and we're told, hey, let everybody leave the village unless you see anybody leaving with, with weapons, engage 'em. And, and if you see anybody coming into the village, You know, with, with weapons, engage 'em. I mean that was pretty much, and we're at the, in the south sniper hide stump and his crew were in the north sniper hide. And then those, a couple other guys on the, on the west. And we're the, and this, that's where the mountains is kind of, they set up, this was a real flat salt flat area by this town. And I, I cannot remember the name of the town, but they're doing their clearance. And so we set up, they go through in their clearance, they start on nods, they finish at daytime, they bring in the, the key leader engagement.


So they bring in the leaders of the town, they're talking through 'em, they found some weapons, cachets and stuff. And people leave the town. And this guy burns in, he had a, he had his AKs lung, he had the saddlebags on his bike that you could see the, I thought it was HME bins or whatever it was. And it was actually empty jugs, I guess he was going in to get HME, but he had all the mortar fuses and all that stuff to hook up the, the IEDs That's so shot him off a motorcycle at, at 600 meters. And yeah, your First kill was at 600 meters. Yeah, 600 meters. That's about 650 yards maybe just inside 600 meters. Damn.


He hit a turn. I shot at him a couple times, You know, with that three oh oh win back, You know, and racking that bolt. And he, when he hit a turn, I found a spot where he was gonna slow and kind of turn toward me and I shot him through the gas tank of that motorcycle and that hit his leg and he gets out, he's like trying to figure out where it's coming from. Pointing his ak looking around. I, I just dial, I had my dope dialed up. I don dialed my dope down real quick, just flattened it out so I could hold in my redle, You know, them old night force scopes with the mill dot, it didn't have like a, a horse reticle or what we'd shoot now, but I just dropped it down, held in my scope and center, punched him when I did hit him in the belly.


And he crawled behind this thing. And then we broke down the high side and cleared over to him and he was behind this like old broken down wall. You remember, You know how they had like half built buildings out there, old rundown. It was like something like that. And he, he, he kind of sits up around the corner with his ak from about me to you. And, You know, I threw up the, it was a scar actually out at the time, a 7 6 2 scar heavy. We were the first ones that we were testing. I think the rangers were testing 'em and we were testing 'em. And I deployed that thing and shot him from about me to you in the head with that and ended him. And that was, I mean, that was the first kill. So that was Point blank with a scar in the head.


Yeah, dude, I, I got, I might, I don I don't know if I've got pictures of all that stuff in employment. 'cause remember you have to take pictures of guys and then you have to bring 'em in at one time. I had pictures of that stuff. I mean, it's not something we generally share. We Probably won't put That up. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't, don't put it up. We can't get, And it was like, but it was, it was no joke. You know, the 2, 2 3, you shoot somebody that hit it like canoes. They're, they're dumb. This thing just like Gallagher busting a watermelon that 7 6 2. But yeah, that was the, that was my first kill. And then we, we got in a few little ticks. What Did you, hold on. How did you feel about that being I mean, I, I strong Christian faith fence, childhood. I was tickled pink.


I mean that's what we had, we had signed up for, I would say now, You know, looking back on it, I, and did it make any real difference in my life whether I would've done that or, or not? No. Does it make me any more of a man or any less of a man if I killed somebody or not? No, but this guy, this way, I guess I, I rectified myself as a Christian man. If I'd have met this guy in a coffee shop, maybe I'd tell him about Christ and try to share Christ with him. But scripture tells us, Paul says that God has put every man exactly where they are in the exact time, in the exact place, in the exact moment, so that they might reach out and find God. It's our own rebellious hearts that keep us from being able to see what God has for us to share.


And then when you, when you're killed or when you die of old age or whatever it is, you have received every bit of time that God was gonna allot you to accept him. And that's what scripture tells us. And at this point in time, my job is not to pray for this man's salvation. My job is to kill this man, because if I didn't, he's gonna go place an IED that one of my buddies are gonna run over in a little bit. Or some, some pashtoon kid is gonna run over while they're out there playing with, You know, the soccer ball or whatever. So that's kind of how I justified it, You know, it's, but I, I do struggle with now knowing what the government is. I, especially after the pullout in Afghanistan and working that, I know we might get into that in a little bit.


I struggle whole wholeheartedly with why we were there politically, but at the time I didn't know it. Why, what year was this? This was 2010. This would be 2010. Oh, this is later than I thought It might've been 2000, well maybe it was 2009, two. No, it was 2010. That's right. 2010. It was February of 2010 is when we went there. Yeah. Yeah. What about being there bothers you? Being there in the moment didn't bother me, miss my wife. Didn't have kids. So, looking back, looking back, the reasons we were there, the, the military industrial complex, the issues that we see, I mean, we see it going on in Ukraine right now.


We've, you've been to enough places in the world. I've been to enough places now, multiple deployments where we can see that I would've been willing to fight anybody who wanted to talk trash about the United States of America, going and doing the patriotic thing as a young man. But now as an older man, and I see the real reasons. We were in some of these places and I see how we left it. That's what bothers me, bothers me. It bothers me that I, I won't say I lived or believed a lie somewhat, but there is a little bit of that wondering and thought process there, if that makes sense. It absolutely makes sense. It, when do you think it flipped?


When, because we had to go, because obviously for me, this was a nine 11 for Me. What point do you think that the interest us interest in Afghanistan flipped? Man, I don't, I don't know. I would, I would have to say probably when, 'cause I came in, when I checked in the teams, it was at the tail end of the Bush administration. So I didn't get to experience much of Bush. I would say it had to be within the Obama administration. It, You know, for me is when I noticed it, because it was, I mean, we could get nine, we could get nine layers of air. We could get air coming in to take a poston guy who was injured out. But one of our guys would be bleeding out and dying and you couldn't get anybody land to save 'em, You know?


So they elevated, You know, the P life over ours on one end, but on the other end, look at what they did in the, in the Afghan, in the pullout. They absolutely let those people get crushed. And so I, it is, I, I don't under, I can't understand it. I don't know if, I don't know if I can understand why they do what, when I say they, I'm talking about the system, You know, the, whoever's in charge, the administrations, I don't get it. We're not there to win. We're, we're fighting a global war on terror. What is that? The global war on scariness. You can't fight something that's not an enemy. You know, we're okay, we're fighting the Russians, there's an enemy, or we're fighting the, the, the Taliban. There's an enemy. But war on terror.


It's just like drugs and law enforcement, You know, the, the war on drugs. You can't fight a war on drugs. It's an inanimate object. It, and, And it, it's obvious we've been doing it since the eighties and it's getting worse. Right? The same thing with the war on terrorists. So that is where I really struggle, I'll say at least where it flipped for me, where I started thinking this was probably, probably covid to see how the government acted during covid to see how many guys they kicked out and kicked to the curb and what they pushed that we now know was a lie. And I don we don't have to get into all that, but that was probably where it really clicked for me. Man. It's, I didn't always trust the government, but I really don't now because they've been caught with their pants down.


And then Afghanistan pull out. That was, that was the nail in the coffin for Me. Yeah, me too, man. Me too. When I, when I saw what was going on there, that was, that just solidified all the beliefs that I had. Yeah. You know, it was, Or how about when they smoke a carload full of kids? They, they're, they're trying a guy like Eddie Gallagher for killing a guy in combat, but they smoke a carload full of flipping kids and some, some, some basically social workers because they said it's isis and then they lie About, oh, you're talking about the USAID workers that they Told Yeah. And then they then they lie about it. Yeah, they lied. They, they, they, it was a drone strike. It was a drone strike. That's right. Strike The car. That was supposedly, was it the, who, who did they think it was?


They Thought it was the Isis K guys is what the, is what I was told. Yeah. I just remember 'cause we were getting people, pulling people out in the process. And I got a call from a buddy. Were you there When that happened? Yeah, we were in, I think I was in, I can't remember if I was here getting ready to leave or if I was in Istanbul ready to go in to, to Stan. But either way, I got a call from a buddy. He said, Hey, you hear what happened? And I said, what he kinda explained, I said, yeah, I heard, You know, the, the ISIS k guys, they smoked. He goes, yeah, no, it was a carload full of, full of kids. And, and some his exact words were social workers. But I mean, it was, he was probably trying to say what you just said. S a workers. He was us u USAID workers.


But I mean, it's, and then they lie about it. Yeah, They lied. Told us it was an ISIS leader and then it came out. No, actually Biden, you just killed a couple of kids and some USAID workers. And it's like, And but nobody fucking cares. Right? Nobody cares. Let's, let's prosecute Gallagher. Yeah, that's, and that is For killing a fucking is a real ISIS fighter that was actually ISIS and actually who was Shooting at him. Yeah, exactly. And that's not, Not a bunch of fucking kids in a u s a in worker. And that is really where it was the, the, the, the straw that broke the camel's back for me to, to really look into.


And now you go into some of the interviews that you've done, some of the people you're talking to about what we've given, You know, I've talked with buddies in Congress about what we've been doing in Afghanistan. And a lot of these guys at the political level, they don't even know. And I think a lot of them don't care, but a lot of 'em are obtuse to what's, what's going on. 'cause the bureaucracy hides it. That's one of the benefits of Trump going in, is he's gonna deal with the bureaucracy. I hope he will. That's drain the, the swamp that is crush the bureaucracy, which keeps the politician from knowing actually what's going on and keeps the guy on the ground from getting what they actually need to do the job. Yeah. So anyway, all that being said, that is, I don't know where the, the flip or the switch happened. Maybe there was never a switch And it was always that way.


But I know for me, when I started seeing the writing on the wall was probably that 2019 to 2021 timeframe of covid into Afghanistan pullout that it was, it's sickening. It, it is almost embarrassing to say that you're a part of it. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't disagree with you. But let's move into, let's move into your long, your, your sniper kill, the farthest one. Oh yeah. What were you guys doing? There was another task unit size. So two seal platoons clearance and Overwatch being a sniper, I can't remember what we did, but wherever we inserted, we cleared it through this little area, climbed this mountain.


We're doing Overwatch of, You know, another village that they were clearing through. And then they did a key leader engagement, And it was kind of supposed to be a Taliban stronghold in that area. And they, they, they were getting to a lot up north. We didn't have much going on where we were as hot flipping miserable. And these guys come out and Of course they're armed to the teeth. You got their, their rhodesians on and their AKs. I think one of 'em had, it wasn't a PKM, but it was one of those AKs with a long barrel and the big bipod legs, You know, And it was, but it, but it wasn't a PKM, it was just a, it was a RPK, is that what they're called? Yeah.


So anyway, they ride out together on a motorcycle and one of the snipers shoots at him and misses. And then I start shooting at him. And the guy that was with me, Greg, he's, he just starts lazing with that big, those the big vi remember the big vector, right? Yeah. One of those humongous things. He's like, Hey, You know, 17 hundreds. And so I, I had my dope set and I remember doing the holdover and I could see that big ro office round from that 50 B mg going, You know, right or left. And they slow turned. And Greg, I rattled through four shots. And then on the fifth one, I remember looking at Greg said, 2345 send it. And he's just giving me the lasers. That was the last one. And so I, I looked at my dope card, I cranked my dope to what would've been 2350, put the wind hold on, that I thought, which was just, it was actually a little bit, so if they're going this way, my wind hole was actually this way.


I remember being on about the second mill dot, I, I remember seeing it vividly, like I could draw it for you. Right. That one thing. But I closed my eyes on a natural point of aims. Good. Please, Lord. Let it hit. Boom. I remember watching the trace, that big bullet go to the sky. I thought a shot over 'em. It went through his front leg, went through the bike, went through this, the leg on the other side, and blew up on the other side. You know, the ro office rounds explos And it, and he fell over and I was like, ah, man, I thought it went, I saw the trace And it dropped down And it trace is, You know, the, the vapor trail, the bullet, You know, for anybody who's listening and falls over. And I was like, see? Did I, I don't know, I can't tell. We couldn't really see, You know, at that distance. And the tutu commander comes over and said, Hey, how far was that person that you just shot at hud?


And said, a little over two clicks. He said, that's a long shot son. He's calling for a medic and a mechanic. And so he laid there and bled out and they were actually able to go get his, some of his ID material, his guns, he just laid there. Nobody came back for him. They got his bike when they cleared over and cleared the, I guess cleared that side of the, of the village. So that was my furthest kill. Definitely not the furthest one out there, but it was like one a mile and a third. So it was, like I said, Misty, four Thompson blind squirrel finds a nut every now and again. So, You know, it, it worked out. But yeah, that was, and again, You know what we were doing that for the specific job that God put me in that place to be a sniper at that time.


That's how you, you justify that. He didn't put me in that place to be a missionary or anything else. I was in that place to be a sniper and protect my guys who were literally clearing the village to go over there where he's going to plant his IEDs and to set up an ambush on these guys. Yeah. And it's my job to make sure that they get home to mama and the babies. And so that's, that's what we're there to do. And that's why it's important to understand. You can't, Proverbs 19 two says, zeal without knowledge calls you to miss the mark. You got so many people that are zealous for so many things, but they have zero knowledge about what actually went on. I could have all kinds of zeal about the political, You know, climate and what's going on. But if I have no knowledge of what's really happening, I'm gonna totally miss this is what I know.


This guy's trying to kill my buddies and trying to kill me, so I've gotta kill him. And that's, that's just the way it is. Yeah. Yeah. Is there anything notable on this deployment that you wanna bring up? Brendan Looney this to be the, the only thing, 'cause he was such a solid dude. Brendan Looney. Looney died at, toward the end of the point. September I think we rotated by the time everybody rotated out was November one. So month and a half left. Loony died. And how did he die? Helo crashed. Helo got shot down. That was, I mean, as You know, most of your buddies, most of my helos, very rarely at the front end of the deployment, we had an augment that Andy set up with gold 'cause he was connected.


And then we didn't interact with them. And then some of our guys attached to them. That's when Adam Brown died at the front end of the deployment like March. Oh shit. Yeah. So that was, so it started off that way with us being kind of tied to them. That's how we got in early and started doing the rip and some of our guys doing the augment with Gold. Adam died and then Green Beret died in the middle of deployment. We had to go out and he, he got shot and drowned in a river and we had to go out and do look for him under a dam, if I remember right. That was the last time I saw Looney. And then Looney died a couple months later in that Hilo crash. And then there was a couple other team guys that died that I didn't know really well, but I'd met 'em.


And a young guy who I knew was a couple training classes behind me, if I remember right. I literally ate breakfast with him and or ate, You know, not breakfast, but just ate dinner, but they cooked eggs and all that stuff. You could choose what you wanted to in, in Kandahar ate with him the night before and then he, he, he was on that Hilo the next day on that turnover op or whatever it was. So that was, You know, that that was, that was hard because it was a lot of, it wasn't everybody's first time to experience loss. Team three had suffered a lot of loss from Mikey Monsour to Ryan job to Mark Lee to now, now, You know, all, all those guys now.


Brendan Looney. So team three had suffered loss and a lot of guys had experienced it. But at least for me and a couple of the guys who this was really our first real combat deployment is our went through training with him, his good buddy. That was hard. And then, yeah. Yeah. So that would be, that'd be the hardest thing. Damn. Damn. And de But Dennis Miranda by the way, was the guy that I, that I ate with. I don't know if I said that a little bit ago that, that I kind of knew through a few training classes. He was at Team four, I think doing the turnover op he, he died as well. Damn man. How did, I mean how did the team kind of recover from that? Or did they It's surprisingly really, well, You know, there's one great thing about any accusation, anybody wants to level against the SEAL teams and I don't, I love all special operations.


I'll never talk trash about Delta Green Berets, You know, marsoc And it seal teams, any of 'em because it takes a special person. And even in scripture, God upholds men of war, real men of wars, special operations. I don't care what anybody says. Conventional forces just generally are not doing what special operations are doing. We're always at the front end of the combat. Some special, some conventional forces are, but all of special operations are generally, if there's combat going on, they're gonna be somewhere there and near it. And God holds a special place in his heart for the Warriors. So all of 'em do the same. I can't speak to those other organizations though, but what I can do is speak to the SEAL teams in particular Group one, bro.


The, what they offered and what they do for, for when you do lose a friend, a close one, what they do for the families is hands down the best community I've ever experienced or been around. My wife still talks about that and we were in it for a short amount of time. It's not like I did a 25 year career in retired. Yeah. The best community to have around you when something like that happens. I mean, you had guys coming out to Danny's from, You know, all the east coast teams development group, SDV out in, You know, Hawaii or Oregon, whatever. Guys were coming into Danny's just to, to honor Brendan Looney and hang his picture on the wall there.


You know, Danny's is a, Danny's is a what what was a seal? A team Bar. Bar, yeah. A team bar. Team bar in Coronado. A lot of tradition there. Yeah. So they, they did, I, you'll never hear me level an accusation against NSW about how they treat people, especially when loss happens, You know? So it was, they they did very well and the team recovered well and we moved on. 'cause it's what we do. That's the hardest thing for I think us to understand Mama and the girls, when daddy dies, they live that forever. The team. Yeah. You remember your boys, but it's the machine that's gonna keep going. And I think a lot of times we forget that as team guys, we forget that they're giving up everything in their life.


They're giving up daddy, they're giving up my husband versus the team. You're a cog in the wheel and yeah, your boys might give up a friend, but you're a cog in the wheel. And, and that's okay. It's not a bad thing. That's just the way it is. And yeah, you mentioned guys that get divorced. I think that's one of our biggest issues is we we're all about the team, all about the machine and, and then we don't realize we're a cog in the wheel until we realize we're a cog in the wheel and we're out. Yeah. And bomb. And the girls have been sitting here on the sidelines the whole time giving you up and you've been giving the best of yourself to this machine that's gonna keep going. Whether you're there or not. They're not gonna keep going whether you're there or not.


If there's there, if there is an accusation I can level against our community, it's that we've failed to realize that our most important job as our wives and our kids, not the seal teams, not the boys. And that's hard to hear and hard to say 'cause I die for these guys, but I'd most certainly die for these girls too. And they need a daddy to be there for 'em. That doesn't mean that you're afraid to die and you most certainly go out and do the job and if you die, you die. That's just the way it is. But if I can be here for them and not be off with the boys hanging out, You know, going out to, You know, to the bars or wherever with 'em, and I can be at home with my family, that's where I should be. Did you come to that realization upon your return home from that deployment?


No, no. I, I knew that beforehand and I didn't have kids at the time. Yeah, I, I mean it's a, it's a script. It's a Christian principle. And, and, and so I, I was rooted in in that, that, and I would say any angst I had, it was that the team always wanted you to do this. And it's like, no, I need to be here with her and then when you have kids, I need to be here with them. And it's hard for guys like us because I, I definitely wanted to be there with the boys doing X, Y, and Z because that's how you build rapport and trust. So I mean that's, it's just the, the culture I guess of it. And too many guys don't, don't realize they're just a cog in the machine until they're out and they're no longer a cog in the machine.


Did you do another deployment after that? Yeah, yeah. You did do another, another deployment. Yeah. So we did, it was a, it was an, at the time I was mad 'cause I wasn't going to Afghanistan with the other guys. And it was a year long deployment that, that we did, we rotated in and out. That's when we did the Korea, Yemen, Bahrain, the Cree mission out of there. Took down some ships during that time. That was pretty cool. The, the Gulf of the Gulf. Well when were you in Yemen? 2000 and 2000 and No, 11 2012. 2012. 'cause 2011 was finishing our, 'cause extortion happened August of 2011. And that was at the tail end of our workup. And then we deployed December that year.


2012. Yep. Were you down in Aiden? Yeah. So the way they broke us up, they split up our platoon. We initially all went to, is it the Gulf of Aiden? Is that where the, the go? Yeah. So we initially went there, we landed at some, I tell you what Dave, Dave could probably tell you better. It's some air base. Our OIC could tell you better. There's no rushing air base just landed there in the middle of the night offloaded. And it was the same time that some guys from dev group got in that gunfight in the street where they're going in to get their hair cut in a, in a, and they got in a gunfight And it was a, that was a whole ordeal. So it was around that same time. And I think it was February of 2012 landed and then they split the platoon.


So half the platoon stayed there. The other half of us, we went and did a, a mission with SDV running sniper Overwatch for 'em out of Bahrain. And we stayed on a ship for a few weeks running sniper Overwatch for SDV. And then we went back to Bahrain did running Sniper Overwatch for SDV. Let's talk about that. Yeah, yeah. It wa it it's cool now. It wasn't super sexy. I'll tell you one cool thing. You know, everybody, when I was make fun of, you got the guys that you combat swimmer. Oh you got microscopic bubbles coming outta your mass. They're gonna find you Remember that, You know, doing the diver, you can't have the bubbles, dude, that freaking SDV machine with off gas underwater, it looked like you popped a balloon the size of this room under humongous bubbles.


But I remember being able to look down on nods and see the glow of the, of the SDV, You know, while running sniper Overwatch for them. And then we had a half and a bath that was, that was kind of running for them. I can't talk too much about all that they were doing, but they were probing certain areas from my understanding. And we were just making sure that they didn't get rolled. There were Iranian vessels in the water, You know, floating around, pointing guns at us. We had some pirates that we dealt with, You know, san a few little pirate dinghies with the, with the mini gun where they get up close to the SDV. I mean it was pretty No kidding. Let's talk about pretty neat. Let's get a little more descriptive. Just basically these guys would get in these certain areas and You know, they had the, the door gunners in in the, in the helo that we were with and had the little mini gun.


And You know, most of the time as those guys would come up, a lot of 'em would jump out of the boat and swim away. 'cause here comes this big helo and whenever that happened you just, just like a, like a wood crate, like a john boat or something. Almost. I mean it wasn't anything special. You just zip it up with a mini gun and You know, blow it to pieces, let it sink right there and carry on with life. You know. So they couldn't, I guess continue to do what they're doing now. They're just stuck out in the water swimming around. Right on. Yeah. Where were you guys doing ship boardings? We were doing ship boardings in the same area and then in the, in the Red Sea with the, went to Jordan and did a, a js set with him and did the, did a ship in the Red Sea with their Jordanian CTU, I don't know, some kind of tier one unit.


Met King Abdullah while we were there. I mean, he shook our hand when we flew in. I thought that was really cool, especially now with all that's going on. Yeah, went to, I, I guess it's ka I didn't know it was called KA at the time, You know, where they got the tubular sauce and all that stuff in Northern Jordan and Amman got to go to Petro while we were there. That was cool to see. But I did train in C DIC at or in Amman and ABA down there and that, that would be where we did some of the ship boardings down there. And then we did What were you doing ship? Were these real ship boardings or the trains? No, no, no, no. These are all, so these are all JS sets. Okay. All of 'em were j sets with the exception of one shipboard that we did outta Bahrain. But that was separate from all these things.


These were hooking climbs with their tier one units on, You know, just ships they had and the Red Sea that they set up to do it on. So, and I'd never done, we did those in the teams going through training, but I'd never done a lot of 'em. We did some in Korea and that was cool, especially since I was a hearse cast master and I didn't have to be in the water doing the climb. I would do the, we'd do the, the rope on the deck. So we did a lot of those with the rock seals too, in the snow. I mean, it's like what you see in the movie. So those were j sets, the, the one real ship boarding was done out of, with the Cree out of Bahrain. No kidding. What what was the, why were you boarding that ship? It Was a, that's a great question.


Like depleted uranium and some weapons and, and stuff. I wanna say somebody fell in the drink and, You know, it was like, it was just like jumping across onto the boat. Somebody fell in the drink and he's out now, I won't say his name, but he fell in the drink and he's, he's fine. And then another guy, I think they, somebody shot two guys on that boat that were armed And it was just kinda like the Houthis vessel board they just did in January. Very similar to, to that, just a different sea state and a different vessel. So that was, that was the, oh Shit. So you guys boarded a ship? Oh yeah, yeah. That was Depleted uranium and weapons team team three, 2012.


Yeah. And got two kills. Yeah, I don't know. I don't even know anybody that's, No, I mean, I, I didn't get those kills. That was was, I'll find, I'll find, I'll text somebody when we leave here and I'll find the name and see who the team guy was. But yeah, they did that, that was 2012. And then we had guys in Afghanistan and kind of culminate an event for that one was, hold on, hold on. So you went back to Afghanistan again? No, no. This is a troop of team three in Afghanistan. Oh, okay. We lost wars, FIS and I went through training with Pat. We lost him and Hill Crash Dan earlier in that deployment, I think I was, we were doing the SDV thing at the time.


Dan kickstarted that IED or I guess he didn't, and the guy in front of, did You know Dan Crenshaw had that Id go off or trip wire, whatever it was, blew him up. So nobody knew how Dan was gonna be, You know, 'cause we knew he was in the hospital. He had his eyes and all that. So that was, that had happened. Then we lost wars and, and, and Pat. And so that was kind of, that was heavy. That was very heavy on the team. 'cause literally now it's, and then the year prior we had lost in, in, in August of 2011, extortion went down. We had, we had done an augment with all of those guys or, or a, an interop and a and an augment.


So we knew a lot of them. D Rock came from Bravo platoon from my first platoon when I checked in. He was there before he went and screened and went to development group. And then we had buddies. Went to train with Nick Phar. I told him the night before he went. So a lot of loss in a very short amount of time. And that was heavy on the community as a whole, but also on us at Team three because we were all, we all knew those guys pretty tight with those guys. And so it was literally always like one funeral right after another. You're constantly nailing your freaking tri into a coffin. So that was, that wrapped that deployment. And then Benghazi happened. We were overseas when Benghazi was going down and everybody's getting word on that spinning up.


And Ty Woods was a Bud instructor when I went through. And so I remember his, I mean it was just like, God man, the hits keep coming for the Yeah. You know, for, for us people we know. So I, that was, and that was pretty much what rounded my career out. I, I checked into sniper school after that. Left team three screen positive for development group and or for green team and was my chief, Mike Biba told me, he said, Hey look, if you, if you stay, you're gonna take a slot. If you get out, you need to decide now. And you and, and you need to decide good. And so I said, I'm gonna get out, I'm gonna go to the reserve and we're gonna go back home. And that's where they found I had type one diabetes. And that was another year and a half process.


And get my benefits retire, retirement IDs, the, the healthcare for the family, all the stuff that they all go back and forth and fight on. 'cause I could have been in the regular Navy, couldn't be in the SEAL teams with being insulin dependent or couldn't be a SOCOM or JSOC operator and be insulin dependent. But I could be in the conventional military. And so anyway, all that being said, it worked out good. I got everything I needed and, and got into law enforcement. So you Decided, you decided to get out before you found out you It was, the reason they found out I had type one diabetes is because I was doing my process out. Yeah. What, what was it? What what They said it was the anthrax vaccine.


And I've had some doctors tell me, well no, there's no way it can be that. And have a lot of other doctors tell me that within the, the system that we're like doing my blood work found out this is the anthrax vaccine. So that's what I, that's what I hold it to. 'cause I, the hardest part they had is I, unlike even my evals, it said, You know, suggested to screen for development group, high performer physically. I mean like, they're like, Hey, You know, how can, how can this, this with the Navy set, how can this guy be this high performer yet he has diabetes? 'cause everybody's mind goes to, You know, Wilfred Brimley I guess with diabetes, right? Thi this doesn't make sense If he's a high performer, we can't medically retire him. So I broke my back a few times for the workups deployments, all that had some, You know, knee surgeries and TBIs from Afghanistan, IDs and RPGs.


And so they added all that in and that's where I was able to get my, my benefit. Now I say that, I say that tongue in cheek. 'cause a lot of people think that means you can't work, you can't do anything. That's not the way it is. I mean, I'm still, I can still perform, I can still do the job lot. I just can't be a SOCOM or JSOC operator and be insulin dependent. Yeah. That's the, that was the ultimate thing, Shit. Well what made you, what made you decide to get out? I wanted my wife's school was, was paid for and she, she's a nurse. My wife is, but her school was paid for. But all the schools in San Diego were impacted. Like we couldn't get her into school there. We looked at, hey, if you stay in, go to green team and, and go through that process, You know, what that lead time's gonna be.


And it, it was easy for her to go to UAB right there in Birmingham, Alabama. And so I said, look, I'll go to the reserve team, you'll go through nursing school. I'll do two years of the reserve team lets you finish school and then we'll get back in the Navy and go to the east coast. That was, that was the plan. Yeah. Okay. That was the plan. Did you have any kids at the time? No, no kids at the time. But that was kind of our plan and the, the, the type one diabetes, just the Lord used that change my trajectory. And I, and I don't complain about it at all. I mean, I can't complain at all. We've been blessed tremendously. How was it coming home once you were out? It, it wasn't Nothing at Home. It's not even when you were out.


Just how, how was it coming home from knowing you were gonna be done? No, it, You know, you feel like you're outta prison a little bit 'cause you're in the government, You know, I mean you, it feels good. But nothing changed at home. Everybody had gotten older, everybody had gotten jobs a little bit, but I mean, it's home was still home. But everybody just grown up now. We weren't high school kids playing football and fighting and rolling yards or whatever it was anymore. We're now adults with jobs and we can't goof goof, but around all the time. So that was the only thing. 'cause the home I left was still the same home, but I was at a different place in my life. And so was all my friends, my brothers, my sisters, everybody.


So that, that was the only difference. And then just, just went back and started trying to figure out what we're gonna do for work. 'cause I'm going through my medical process out of the teams, which I, I said it took till 2014. Were you, I mean did you, did you have trouble reintegrating into no civilian life back in, back in with your wife? That would, That would probably be a better question to ask her, but I would say no. And she, I think she would agree with me and things happen so quick, You know, with, with the medical, with going through that process and then doing some anti-piracy contracts with TriNet group, realizing that I wasn't gonna be able to do that with where I was medically deploying and getting into law enforcement from law enforcement starting my MBA starting or, You know, finishing trying to, I say finishing start my MBA and finishing the MBA, starting my business.


Like we just did a lot of stuff in a, in a short amount of time. And it, there never was a difficulty transitioning. It was just No shit. So you didn't have any just step steps, addictions, depression, anxieties, no sleeping problems, none of that dude had no issues That I can, and I will tell you this, I mean I've obviously shared my faith. I I really think it's the, it's the person of Jesus Christ that, I mean, it says he gives you peace, which it passes all understanding. It says he's the only peace giver. He is the ultimate healer. Jehovah Rafa. If there was any of those issues, I think that he effectively dealt with 'em for me.


I never had anything like that. I, I was diagnosed with cancer in 2015. Testicular cancer went through that surgery and that was the whole process. But we had kids that came from, they just said it was common in guys our age, OEF and OIF You know, ba basically like our, our age group. It was a common thing. And they believe it came from a what's a depleted uranium in those RO office rounds or depleted uranium. I didn't know that at the time. I mean it, but they're depleted uranium apparently. And, or at least that's what somebody told me or one of those doctors said. And it was in the, the IED jammers. You remember those things that you're on on like the truck dude, You're the, you're the second person to tell me this in, in like a week.


And I've never heard it before. Maybe the Lord's need telling you need to go get checked out and make sure you're good to go. 'cause I mean, that's it now. But here's the thing, that's just what they say they think it comes from, they can't say it. But I think what I had was called a, if I remember right, a stage two common seminar And it was testicular cancer and they just had to remove the one testicle. So I'm, You know, I'm, I I buddies used to tell me, say, hey, you're one nut for being a princess warrior bro, since they used to tell me. And so went through that process and my wife was, was pregnant at the time and it was different going into the, it's like a place where you get in vitro or whatever, like, You know, one of those area clinics.


But we'd have to go in to, to to save semen in case we wouldn't have babies later if the surgery on me went bad and wound up made making me infertile or whatever. So we're in that process and here she is eight months pregnant and we're in this place where she felt really uncomfortable about it. 'cause we're in this place where people are struggling to have kids. And she is, she's a small lady, but she was, she was obviously pregnant and, but we went through that process. So that was, You know, a thing. And I did some work for the, the nacoa stuff. One of the few wildlife control operators he could shoot in the cities. I did it in New York, did it in the Hamptons, Colin Wildlife. I was looking at go doing wildlife biology stuff and getting all out of the, the tactical world when I had my first kid just doing deer deployments.


Didn't, didn't seem like what I wanted to, wanted to do. But I mean, we were shooting deer all over the nation. Guam cu animals, ungulates pigs and deer. Wait, so what, what was the point? So basically, I thought maybe you were talking about going after poachers or something? No, no, no. Not going after poachers. They, so basically you can look up the organization, white buffalo, A guy named Pete Chaus are still in the seal teams buddy of mine went through training together. His father-in-law runs an organ, is a, like a PhD wildlife biologist. They call him the deer doctor. Tony de Nicola dude is great dude. Like phenomenal dude. I, we don't, me and him don't believe like same as he's not, he's not like conservative, You know, like me or or Christian like me.


But he is a, he's a fair, reasonable guy. Could have a conversation with him. But he is wildlife biologist and they would do control, like wildlife control. Well, he asked me to help come teach a class. 'cause we connected through, Pete and I taught a class and he said, Hey, would you be interested in doing this? And took me through a few interviews. I did a few shoots with him, went up to his place in Connecticut and next thing You know, I got, he, he hired me in and, and did animal control all over the nation. Went to Guam. I mean we're talking, when I say animal control, I'm talking like, I was with him one night. I think I was just spotlighting for these two nights and he was shooting, kind of teaching me what to look for and stuff. We killed 330 deer and two nights and Brookhaven National Laboratory.


So I mean it's areas where there are or massive animal like deer and pig problems. Gotcha. Ungulate control. And so that's, that's what they call it. You know, the, the animal is called an ungulate. I did some cool stuff and You know, with pigs in Michigan, worked with him and Michigan State University. So it was really neat And it was a cool transition away from the tactical world, away from the law enforcement world. 'cause now I've already left full-time law enforcement to go into this. 'cause this opportunity seemed better given all that I was dealing with medically and, and, and what my wife wanted, wanted to grow the business and did that for a few years. And, and the lord just kept bringing up the tactical stuff and, and I wound up leaving that full time to, to stick with what we, what we know, You know.


So you, you already had another law enforcement career as well by this point? Yeah, this is 20. So when I went, I did full-time law enforcement for one year and this opportunity came available. Okay. And it paid more money And it got me out of night shift work. And all of the stuff that you deal with within full-time law enforcement that I know you're familiar with. I mean you deal with law enforcement guys. I was talking with one of your guys about law enforcement and kind of what he's dealt with. So I know you're kind of familiar with the, the stuff here. I was like, hey, if I can make more money and have a better schedule then that's what I'm gonna do. And so I left to go do that. What Year were you a cop?


2014 into 2015. 'cause I, You know, I left the SEAL teams in 2013. This is before it got bad to be a cop. Yeah. It wasn't bad to be a cop at the time of like it was, it was still hard to get in because so many people submitted for it. Sheriff me and him don't always get along. But I mean, I like him. He was a nice guy. I think he would say he likes me too. His name's John San Diego at a Shelby County Sheriff's office. You know, I I think he's probably getting close to retirement now. I talked to him not long ago on the phone, but he was a chief deputy at the time. And I'll be honest with you off whatever anybody wants to say about, let's say him as a law enforcement leader. 'cause I think leadership in law enforcement is one of the biggest issues that, dude, I can't, all I can say is that if it wasn't for that dude, I wouldn't be in law enforcement today.


He got me into law enforcement. He gave me the opportunity that honestly Yeah. Seal, yeah, I agree. All that stuff. It would've still been very hard to yet had he not made some calls and got the wills of justice turning, for lack of a better word, to get me into law enforcement, even going through all my medical stuff. Interesting. So I'm very appreciative of that. So then we, you started TSI, right? Yeah. So TSI started it when I became a cop. You know, it was just doing like training for women and stuff on the side. What prompted you to do that? Well, when I was in the teams actually, and I started going through the process of like looking at getting out even before the medical stuff.


Go back to that guy, Troy d Hart in Indiana I talked about, I know he said, Hey man, we can make some killer money on the weekends training women. I've been doing this. He had like an RA instructor. He was a cop and he, he had worked his way up through the, the the system at that time, I think he might've been the chief prosecutor at Johnson County. That's where I wound up going to Johnson County and getting sworn. But anyway, he said, let's do this on the, on the weekends. I said, all right. So when I transitioned out and then they found the medical stuff I'm going through that I would, I would fly into Indiana, teach on the weekends with 'em, You know, or, and make some money. And that's where we started TSI. He actually came up with a name, the Shooting Institute. And he's worked with me ever since. He's worked on government contracts.


I've had him, he's like one of him and a guy named Mike Rebels are the only two cops that have ever been able to work on a JSO contract as instructors. So he, he helped me start kind of get it going and started up and, and and ran it. And then he's, You know, he's like, Hey, you run your thing. So there's another company called the Shooting Institute out of Indiana. That's not us. You know, we work with those guys some, but that's not us. Our Shooting Institute is that. It's the Alabama flag with a bone frog and the center of the flag that red x or the bone frog. And anyway, that's what we, that's what I've done since 2014 and did the wildlife work.


When I left it full time, I left because I kept getting called back to do SWAT trainings, to do government trainings and all that. And there was enough of that that I told, told Tony, thank you for the opportunity but I'm not gonna go The wildlife bothers you route. I'm gonna go back to my roots, what we were doing and spend more time at home with my wife. And, and now, You know, ever was born in 2015, so one and a half year old daughter. So I left that and started doing the training. Right on man. Right on. Well Jared, let's take a break and when we come back, let's get into trafficking stuff. I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us.


And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call Signs super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. This's gonna be all thanks terrorists. How terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments.


We'll see you in the newsletter. Alright, Jared, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to get into your nonprofit, but we had a pretty a, we started a pretty interesting conversation downstairs about, about, I had asked you if you were gonna run for sheriff again. And you had mentioned, you'd said if God put it on your heart like he did the first time. And then I kind of cut you off 'cause I want to, I want to talk about this. When you say God put something on your heart or told you to do something or led you to a certain direction. What I mean, what does that mean?


How do You know? How do You know it's God? Well that's, that's a, that, that is a great question. How do You know it's God? One in Proverbs, it tells us a man's path is before him, but the Lord directs his steps. And we know that the Lord can only direct our steps if we are in him. So the first thing is continuing that relationship with God. So I ask you to send my heart to be my savior, right? But I spend time in his word every day. I spend time praying every day. So for me, and I'll tell you the amount of scripture that I read daily, I write a commentary for each of my daughters each year. So I'm on, well I did one for my wife, I did one for my oldest daughter. I'm on my middle daughter right now.


I've been doing that for the last three years. So I've read the entire Bible a little more than the entire Bible and wrote something on each chapter in the Bible. Like each chapter I find something that stands out to me or I find a description. So it might not be a commentary necessarily, it might just be something that stands out in my life. How does this apply to me? Now I've done that for the last three years. And I've always read, generally speaking, read the Bible throughout the entire year. Like read the whole Bible in a year, ever since I was, heck, probably 14 years old. So I read a lot of scripture and I, I learn something new every time. I don't know it more than anybody, but that's the first thing God speaks to us through His word.


Going back to John chapter one, in the beginning was the word, the word is actually logos is the word that's used in the Greek translation, I believe. And it, And it means a couple things, but the two primary focuses there is it's the written word of God. It's the plan of God and it's the spoken word of God. That's actually what it means. So we have the written word of God in the holy Bible before us. And if you do a study on the Bible, you see everybody's like, oh, what about the translation and all these interpretations? No, it's actually pretty ducks nuts across the board. You're losing me a little bit. Oh sorry. Sorry, you're losing me a little bit. Just how does, how do You know it's him First in his first, you stay in his word because you hear his voice there.


So when you hear his voice elsewhere, You know what it is. So my wife give an example. My wife doesn't have to say anything, but I know what she's saying to me. Does that make sense? Because I know her because I'm with her all the time. I know God's voice because I'm with him all the time. I read his word. I pray to him, God, me in this way, do this, do that. Forgive me of my sins. I converse with God. I read his word. I know what he sounds like. And that's what's important. And we have it at our fingertips. You have it on your phone in a Bible app, you have it on your Bible. So What is the feeling? What is the feeling? 'cause I, I feel tugged into certain ways to, I'm a believer.


I've not read the whole Bible. I don't know scripture, but I do my, I feel like my faith is very strong. With that being said, That's a great, that, that what is the feeling? So, You know what I mean? I mean I, I I, I just, maybe I got a thought in my head to go pour a drink right now. Yeah. That's not from God. I haven't drank in Yeah. Two years, two and a half years. Yeah. You know, or I don't. Does it align? Does it align with his word? And the only way You know if it aligns with his word is if you read his word.


So what does, what does the Bible say? You just drinking. You said poor drink. Proverbs 31. I believe it is the Proverbs. It might be Proverbs chapter 30. The Proverbs woman is telling about it. And that woman was Solomon's mother. Right? She's telling him what a good woman's like me. He says, don't linger over wine. Solomon don't desire. It's for those who are hurt, for those who are perishing, for those who are anguishing, so that they can forget their anguish. The Bible tells us what wine is for. It also tells us on another end that wine glads the heart and a feast glads the heart. So we see wine for two different, two for two different things. So scripture tells us that Paul says, don't be filled with, or don't be drunk with wine.


'cause they would drink to worship esis. But don't be drunk with wine, but be filled with the Holy Spirit. Why did Paul say that? Because what do we know wine does? What do we know alcohol or a drink does? It alters our mind. It alters our state. Which is why a lot of guys, you see it in the teams that they're, they're going away from drinking because it creates more issues. And it helps because we're not in our right mind. And that's what Paul's saying. Don't be drunk with wine because you don't even know what you're doing. Be filled with the Holy Spirit and do the things of God. And it's not something that I can say, this is exactly what God sounds like. But when You know him in your life, you see him in your life. And most of the time it lines up with his word. So I could sit here and say, God told me this, this and this.


And generally speaking, that's not God talking. That's not God talking. If I'm telling you that God's something that God's telling me to tell you to do in do in your life, God will speak directly to you. But the only way you hear it is in His Word. Otherwise, everything else is confusion. Let me, hold on. Alright. Maybe that was a bad example. Maybe I want a new car. I, let me, let me ask you this. What, what was it? What, when you say that God put that on your heart or led the way or whatever to run for sheriff, how, like, how did You know? How did I know What, what was it? So when I ran for sheriff, Was it a feeling?


Was it a voice? Was it a bunch of signs that all happened at once? What was it? I would say all of the above, and I'll try to tie it into scripture. I never would've run or been involved in any politics. The Lord put that in my life. He just kind of placed it in my life with a specific individual who said, Hey, have you ever considered this? And I laughed and I said, no. That state in my heart, the Lord kept bringing it to my mind. The issues that we had, that I had with law enforcement leadership kept bringing it to my mind. I read in scripture how leaders, God places leaders, he stands 'em up and he tears 'em down.


And this was something I thought, man, this is the largest sheriff's office in the state. There's no way, I have no way in to this. This is a big task. And I keep reading scriptures on how he sets up things and he tears 'em down, sets up kingdoms and pulls 'em down. He can put whoever he wants into a position. As I'm reading this, I thought, well, I complain about law enforcement leadership all the time, Lord, is this what you have for me to do? So then I seek wise counsel. Scripture says that it says that we should seek wise counsel. My dad, some of the pastors at my church. Guys, this is what I'm looking at. This is what I think. What do y'all think? Because where I'm running at, I will probably lose. It's a heavily Democrat county. It's an impossible task. There's an incumbent Democrat in there, and it's gonna take according, I met with a previous sheriff who lost to the incumbent Democrat, the guy who was Republican for, and he said, you're gonna need at least half a million dollars.


I gotta come up with a half a million dollars to run a county race that I might lose. These are all things that we're seeing as to that would turn you off. Does that make sense? I can't do this. So as I, as I wade through it, it stays on your heart. The Lord keeps it on your heart. Whatever it is, You know, for each individual person. And for me it was, I can do this. I need to do something about it. Even with people saying you can't. And guess what? I still ran and I lost. And I told people that God hasn't called me to win. He's called me to run. That's what I would tell people. He's called me to run for sheriff. If I win, great. But if I don't win, he's called me to run. I'm gonna do this the best I can. We raised 600,000, just under $600,000 for that campaign.


That was one of the prayers and provisions I asked for, God, I don't know how to raise this campaign money. I asked that you would help us raise it. We raised like 560 something thousand dollars more than any other sheriff's race in the state. And we raised it and campaign, well, people were like, holy cow, man, you're running a sheriff's race. This is like a Senate race. Like it was, it was just, I can't explain the provision of the Lord. So that's how I, I see him providing. And I know, okay, I'm responding to the appropriate call. Oftentimes, if the provision stops, well maybe God's not calling you to do it, right? Hmm. It's the same thing he told the disciples. So you're being, you are being guided along the way.


Oh, a hundred percent. You know, it's never Hit these little milestones that's not, or accomplishments or whatever, whatever it may be, that that align with what you think the goal is. That's why Proverbs says that a path is before, before a man. And the Lord directs his steps, right? It's each step. Jesus says in his prayer, says, give us this day our daily bread. He doesn't say, give us our weekly, monthly, or yearly bread. We look at God in James chapter four, I believe it is. It says, don't say we're gonna go to this city and do trading and that, and we're gonna make all this money and do it. He says, because you do that in your own arrogance. Say, if the Lord wills it, this is what we'll do. So it's always about God, this is what we need.


He provides here, okay, God, this is what we need for the next step. And as long as the provisions there and you can keep stepping, that's the Lord directing your steps. But at any point in time, if those steps stop, it doesn't mean that it's over. There might be some turmoil and some friction, but it means that we have to sit back and look, okay, God is this, is this what you actually have? And then once you reassess it, God will give you that answer. And it's different for each person. God came to Saul, who became Paul in the New Testament in a blinding light. And Paul said, who are you Lord? He says, I'm Jesus the one you're persecuting. Why do you kick against the gods? Saul was killing, killing Christians. He's changing name to Paul. And he goes, and he talks, goes and, and, and spreads the gospel to the Gentiles.


God came to, who was it? He came into the whisper after it was a whisper after the storm, I believe it was Elijah, that he came to, or might have been Elisha, just the small calm whisper after the storm. He said, I saw the tornado, I saw the whirlwind, I saw all this. And you weren't in it, but you were in the whisper after the storm. It's the, the call, the an, the, the, the, the, the word from God is different for each individual. So for Shawn Ryan, it's gonna look different than it looks for for Jared, but you're gonna know it. And one thing I always have told my wife, she goes, what, Jared? You say, You know, You know, how do You know that this is the voice of God? You know, it, the question that we have in our heart most of the time is, are we disobedient to the call or are we obedient to the, the call?


'cause most of the time, the call is not something that we really want to do. That's the hard part. Now you just mentioned, Hey, get a new car. These are just the natural things in this life. I don't think, let me, let me ref, let me, let me try to think of another example. Okay? Yeah, Yeah. Let's say, because those are things of vanity. So let's say, man, this is tough. Well, They could be, they, they could the things of vanity, but it's not that having a new car is bad. I don't think God cares whether you have a new car or not. Are you gonna glorify him in that new car?


And one thing that we know, it says this in, it might be Ecclesiastes, but it says, Lord, don't give me so much that I forget who you are and profane your name. And don't give me so little that I have to steal to provide for myself and my family and profane your name. Give me what I need right now. Most of the time when we have that, that sexy car, the vanity things, we forget God. We don't rely on him because we rely on these things that we, that we have. And, and that's almost a curse because it removes you from looking to the one who provided the car as opposed to looking to the car. It talks about that in Isaiah. It says that the man, he, he puts wood in a fire to burn the fire.


He cooks mill over it, and then he takes another piece of wood and he carves an image out of it and he worships it and says, you're My God. That's what he's talking about. Alright? That's what We do. Let's say you feel very compelled to help somebody. Maybe it's, maybe it's a look. A lot of people feel tugged or, or pushed or moved to help somebody in need or maybe somebody that they think might be in need. And so I, I'm sure there's a lot of people that are out there that have been extremely generous and wanted to help maybe, maybe a heroin addict or maybe a, a trafficked woman or just anybody in need.


And then you go down that road only to find out the entire thing was a fucking scam. And so, kind of what I'm asking is, and that's happened, that's happened to me. That's happened. I'm sure that's happened to just about everybody. Yeah. Where you, You know, it, it, it, it kicks up a lot of resentment and, and it's like, man, I've, I thought this is what I was supposed to do. So Kind of what I'm asking is, is is how do you differentiate? Yeah. Or do you, I don't think you do, you, you don't differentiate because when you, it's better to give than to receive. So let's say it is a scam that's between them and God, not between you and God, if God called me to do this for a person, if I felt urged or pulled or in my, in my riches and wealth, I give to somebody and I get scammed out of it.


That sucks. And I wanna look at that and maybe I'm wiser the next time again going, I, I think I said it earlier, Proverbs 19, two, zeal without knowledge. Cause you miss the mark. I say, man, I missed the mark on this one, but now I've got a little bit of knowledge on what to look for. And then the next time I don't miss it. But was I obedient to God? You see, the outcome of the thing is not so much the important thing that is on God. It's the heart getting to the outcome. That's, that's the process. So going back to what you said earlier. So it's really just every step of the way you're looking to, to say, God, is this it? God is this it? That's it. You're always open-handed asking God. God is, am I doing what I'm supposed to be doing? And as long as he opens the doors, as long as he's guiding you through it, you will hear his voice.


The one caveat to that is you've gotta be in his word. You gotta be spending time with him. That I, the the only example that I can use, really, You know your wife better than better than anybody. Right? You and your wife know each other very well and you kind of know what she wants without her saying what she wants a lot of times. And that only gets better with Tom. Right? Look at my, my parents been married 50 years and it's hilarious seeing them. 'cause they literally, they know each other that well. It's unbelievable to see me and my wife 16 years. I know what she wants without her having to say it a lot of times. And I don't always give it to her. Right. You know, sometimes. And then sometimes she'll ask for things even though she doesn't want to ask for things.


I'm like, Hey, help me out. Tell me what you need. It's that same thing with God. But you have to be in tune with God like you are with your wife. And the only way you can be is to read his word and pray to him about his word. And I pro I I can't even describe it. He will guide you. So if I'm saying so the Run for Sheriff, he puts some people in my life that that spoke it in into existence. I sought good counsel, like when I say spoke it into existence, that's a bad, that's, I shouldn't use that. That's a bad phraseology. They just said, Hey, have you considered this? We could use you here. No, I haven't. But I started considering it and praying about it. The Lord opened one door, go to this threshold and say, Hey, I'm looking at running for sheriff.


What do y'all think these guys are praying? And it just kept steamrolling to the point that, wow, we've got a campaign for sheriff. Wow. We got a heck of a team. Wow. We're gonna win this thing. I mean, that's, that's what it was. And I lost by two points to the incumbent Democrat on election day. And that was hard. Okay, God, what was all this for? My wife was asking what was all this for? And two months later, all the people that supported the campaign started supporting Covenant Rescue Group, the nonprofit, which is what brought me on full time with Covenant Rescue Group. And so now I know what that was for, because it was a, a local grassroots effort wasn't tied to, You know, pacs or certain political things that did really well in the Republican party.


'cause I was running as a Republican candidate and made a lot of connections that actually put Covenant Rescue Group on the map as opposed to being a small hand to mouth organization. Put us on the map to the point that they had to bring me and a handful of other guys in full time to be able to effectively use the funds for the work it was being presented for. And so the aim I had was sheriff, but that's not the aim. God had, God had it to put Covenant Rescue Group on and God might have it for something else. I don't know. He might have that unsuccessful campaign for something else. I was just the conduit through which that was used to grow a covenant Rescue Group. And so that's, you'll always see the culmination and it's, I wouldn't get too wrapped around the axle about simple things.


You know, should I buy this car or should we buy this house if God's, those were bad examples. Yeah, if, if God's giving you the funds. But even people out there will say that, me and my wife, we pray about everything. There's nothing wrong with praying about everything, but if you got the money, get it. There's nothing wrong with it. But if it starts to remove your heart from the God you worship, if you start to worship it, like the guy worships the idol, the piece of wood that he cut into an idol, that's where you have to say, no, I don't need this anymore. And that's kind of the purpose behind that. That's why the scripture's saying, so when you hear the call of God, it's not always a loud voice to some people it is, it's not always a dream. To some people it is. It's not always the small calm voice at the back end of the storm.


But to some people it is interesting. It it, it just depends on how God's calling you. It depends on what you need, but the only way You know, it's his voice is, if you're in his word, you've gotta stay in the word of God. So how did Covenant Rescue Group come up? That was, 'cause you and your wife started that? Me and my wife started in 2018. So I, I was doing the wildlife work at the time, transitioning to the tactical work with TSI. You know, when I had some contracts with the government coming in and we were doing pretty good. And so we would take our, You know, whatever profit we had at the end of the year and use it to go like support OUR. I'd go do operations with Operation Underground Railroad guys.


Went to Haiti with him, some far reaching ministries, did some stuff with him in South Sudan. And so, I mean, we just trying to support wherever we could, another organization that's no longer around called Orphan Secure, started doing some stuff for them and just volunteering time, You know, and, and trying to pay for things. And then they would pay for some stuff. Everything was just kind of hodgepodge together. Just felt a call to human trafficking. 'cause I'd kind of seen it in law enforcement a little bit. Okay. And got involved there. And what was Your first experience with human trafficking? My first, I would say probably a real human trafficking. Haiti with Operation Underground Railroad was my first real experience with human trafficking.


I saw it really what we target more as a law enforcement officer running domestics where you see, you see some of the stuff people live in or serving warrants where you see some of the, some of the areas people live in. And you see these kids living in unbelievable squalor. But their parents drug addicts or whatever would sell their kids. They would, You know, physically and sexually abuse their kids. They would, I mean, it's, it's terrible. So, I mean, that is human trafficking by law. But in my mind, I didn't know that to be human trafficking until now, understanding what it actually is. But they, they would sell their kids. I mean, they would, they would sell their kids to their buddy for sex for, You know, 200 bucks. That, that's the type of people we're, we're talking about.


And you see that in law enforcement cops that are listening to this, they will tell you, yeah, they see it all the time all over the nation. How common is this? Oh, it's super common. People selling their case wherever you go, it's super common. Kids selling themselves, people selling themselves. And, and a lot of it's drug and alcohol related. I mean, we know that, we see that being a, being an issue. But yeah, it's very common. It's very common. So that's where I really started seeing it. I had a heart for it. And I would say Operation Underground Railroad in Haiti is where I first saw like, holy crap, this is legit. These girls are being held against their will. They're holding their passports. They're from Dominican Republic and, You know, did some with him.


So people were just giving us money. Like people that, You know, wound up supporting my campaign later. They're like, Hey, YY you're doing good work. And they would, You know, from church or You know, that I knew they're writing us like five and $10,000 checks. And so we were sitting with me and my wife, like, took it to my cpa, what do we do with this money? I mean, do I give 'em an invoice from the Shooting Institute or what, how, how does this work? He is like, no, you need to start a, you need to start a family foundation, a nonprofit or something. So that's where we looked at a couple different routes. We started the nonprofit Covenant Rescue Group, got our 5 0 1 C3 status in 2019. And we're off to the races, primarily looking at overseas stuff. And then when covid, why, Why it's it, not that there's anything wrong with that, I don't wanna come across like there's something wrong with that.


But one thing that does kind of captivate my interest is, You know, I look, I've looked at a lot of these nonprofits and I will, I I do wanna say too, it, it gets, it gets tricky in this probab in it gets tricky in any nonprofit space, but there does seem to be a lot of, I'm just gonna say it, shit organizations out there that are our, are in the, the combating human trafficking space that, that don't really do anything. And that seems to be kind of a mask. Yeah. Why, but why do, why are so many of these nonprofits?


Why are they so concentrated on Haiti, Philippines, Thailand to Columbia, Venezuela, You know, Sudan, all these places, but not here in the US because It's easy to find there because of prostitution. Remember when I said that all prostitution is not human trafficking, but human trafficking is found in prostitution. So they're able to go to places. And a lot of times you get symbolism without substance. You get, Hey, we're fighting human trafficking here. And really it's prostitution. You see that here, law enforcement agencies do that. Hey, human trafficking ring, You know, 72 human traffickers rolled up. That's a prostitution thing. And, and it's not human trafficking as we know it.


And we kind of talked about that a little bit earlier, kind of some of the issues that exist there. When you go overseas, it's, you have more leeway to work than you do here, state side. Because most of what organizations do state side is illegal. The vigilante stuff, all that is illegal. So that's why you see that. And there's a lot of awareness stuff that people raise a lot of awareness about it. I think a lot of people are aware about it. We just don't, nobody knows. Exactly. You know what it is. Do you have people being strong armed? Yes. Do you have kids being stolen off the streets? Yes. The the, the immigrant situation really adds more to that. The illegal immigrant situation puts more people at risk for that. But other than that, you're not at risk of your kids being snatched and thrown into a human trafficking circle and never being found again.


It does happen, but it's unbelievably rare. But the statistic And it, these are from the DOJ, the American Psychiatric Association, they kind of coalesce and have a few statistics. I'll see if Steven can send 'em over to you so you have 'em. But the, the amount of kids kind of dial it in here to kids, specifically the amount of kids, if I remember right, it's 37% of children who are abused, sexually abused or You know, anything like that. It is from somebody who is, is close. Most of 'em. Yeah. Yeah. That they know that person or No, no, no.


37% is family. 37% is family. 50% is somebody who knows 'em, a coach, a teacher, anything like that. 37% is a family member. So an uncle, a cousin, a father, a mother, whoever. And then, and then that other 10 or 12%, 13% whatever's left is just a random person. Okay. I, I'll send you the actual statistics. Yeah, I I, I'm probably a little bit off on my numbers there. I'm just going off of memory. But the, that is very interesting because when it's family based or when it's, You know, a person of trust, right?


Somebody who knows who, who knows the kid, it looks different. It's not, it's reported differently. Maybe it's never reported. How many of these things are never reported. And then you see that lead into the prostitution, the pornography, all that. It's, It's, man, I'll tell you Jared, ever since I started doing this show and just, I mean that's, You know, life stories is what I'm best at. I think. And, and the amount of, especially guys like you and I who've gone to, You know, special operations or, or the agency or wherever. I'll, I'll bet it's over 50% of 'em that I've interviewed that have helped, that have dealt with some type of sexual trauma as a child abuse.


And I'll bet it's 50% that have come out and said that Wow. On, on camera about their childhood. Yeah. And then there's also a pretty big portion of the interviews where they've, they've told me like, Hey, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna talk about this because it's been rectified. I've forgiven my dad or my grandpa, or wow. Whoever it was. And so they don't want to, and These are men, These are, these are grown men who talk about this. And I mean, shit, the episode we just did on Monday with Dale Stark, he talks about, he talks about it, You know, wow.


Being, growing up in California and getting in the skateboard scene and, and, and so many men have come on here and women, You know, as, as You know, me, park, You know, you brought that up. But it's alarming how it's, it seems to be more common than not. Hmm. It, it is. And that's what we've learned. And that, and that percentage is higher. And then what that drives people toward what that does to, for the rest of their life. You know, you're looking at something that, I mean, how do you, how do you reset from that? My dad, like the, again, the little girl that we found, her dad was 18 months old. Her dad's having sex with her. She's not old enough to necessarily know, but she knows.


I mean that's, there's something that happens there for the rest of that person's life. And can you, can they work through it and deal with it? Yeah, but it's, it is more common than not. And I don't know that I, I don't know that we're seeing any more, we're seeing it more now than probably it used to be seen, but I think it's probably the same amount. Right? Yeah. You know, it's the same problem. Different people. But, but looking at the kids, it is people that know 'em. So that looks different. So I would say here stateside, we really didn't start getting into that. We focused on overseas initially, like everybody does. 'cause it's, it's easy. It's easy again. And when Covid happened, you talking about the call of the Lord, we as an organization, I, I set the board down, said we're not gonna be able to go overseas like we were because of Covid.


Like literally shut that down. Like just close the doors on it. However, I'm still law enforcement. We're tied to law enforcement. Me and Mike and some of the team we're gonna go out and see if we can't start doing some operations with local law enforcement agencies. And that was a hard swing. 'cause there's a massive arrogance within law enforcement. They don't wanna do that. So how we hooked it, we offered free tactical training on the front end free pistol training, the nonprofit covered through TSI and my, my company pistol, CQB, whatever it is, we'll give you one day of free tactical training, but here's a trade off. We've gotta be able to do our sex trafficking operations program training with y'all and set up an op and make y'all run it.


And that's how we started doing that. So, genius. That was the lord. How hard was that to sell? Not hard with the tactical training. And then it was about a year, a year worth of that. So you, your model, you gift a law enforcement agency, a training, a one day training package. And the only thing they have to do in return Yeah. Is is give you access to Let us, let us do the train, the child exploitation training. Yep. Their jurisdiction. We do the child exploitation training with 'em and we're not making arrests or prosecutions. We bring the prosecutor's office in. We say, guys, this is how you set up these types of ops. We help 'em set up that op and they run that op with our oversight.


It's like a ground branch type of model where you got where we just, You were doing a vs That's Exactly s a combat, combat combat advisor. That's exactly right. And so that's what we do. That's what we still do. Fucking genius, man. So you get in, you make friends with them, and then you, you teach 'em, you take 'em on an op, you turn it over, this is how you do it. That's It. And so one of the agencies we first started with, we made 11 arrests with them initially when we were there. No, no, no, that's not true. We made 19 arrests with this agency initially when we were there, them making it over two nights of operations. We gave 'em the tactical training and all that. And they have done, I wanna say six operations on their own.


Now maybe it's four, this is a couple years ago, but they've arrested like 190 people doing these operations. 190? Yeah. Yeah. Just One. So, just, just under 200? Well, no, but over all of the operations they've done over the past few years. So this is One law enforcement agency, One law enforcement agency. 190. Yep. Close to Indianapolis. So with that being said, they put it this way, I would love for 'em to be over 200. I know they're, they're under 200, right? That's still a lot of people. They've done's a ton four, they've done five operations and they've made this many arrests on people showing up to target kids and they've honed it for them.


So we give 'em a, Hey, this is your template. And then they can hone it to match their prosecutorial jurisdiction, to match their agency so they have a successful apprehension and prosecution. And that's what we do as an organization. We're not out there kicking doors and making arrests. If we are doing that, I'm doing that in my purview as a deputy where I'm sworn in Alabama or as A-A-T-F-O with Homeland Security. If they say, Hey, we've got this, we wanna do, or any of our guys that run their cases that are sworn within our organization, which are most of our guys. So we might do that with our agency, but Covenant Rescue Group is a funding platform to fund this training and then an operation for a law enforcement agency to show them, this is how you can target people who are targeting kids in your community.


And it happens in every community. We always get buddy of mine's a sheriff down in south Alabama said, Hey man, you'll be lucky to get one down here, but you wanna offer a SWAT training to us? We'll do it and let you set it up, but I don't think you're gonna have any success. We arrested six in two nights with them. No kidding. He was blown away. They, they had one hotel And it was like a little meth monkey hotel. It was one of the ones, a motel with the outside doors. You know, it wasn't like it was a nice upscale place. And we arrested six dudes showing up for children at that hotel. You were the one that said that you didn't think you were gonna pick anybody up. Or the sheriff did. The sheriff told me that. I'm friends with the Sheriff. Why do you think that? Because people don't believe this exists. When they're in a community. Everybody thinks, oh yeah, that's big. That's a problem in Miami or that's a problem in LA with the, the Diddy parties and all that stuff.


That's, that's where everybody's mind goes. But what they don't realize is what you just said, 50% of the dudes that you had come here sit and talk. It happens everywhere across the nation. And the guys that you're rolling and the ladies that you're rolling on these types of decoy operations, they have real victims. They have real victims, but most of them don't break the law to get caught for anything. You'll never find that kid who's a victim because what recourse they have, this is my dad, are you gonna go to the cops and tell 'em my dad? They don't, again, they're a kid. This is a person of trust in their life. It's a guardian over 'em. Right? And so this guardian is doing a terrible job and they're abusing this child. They're exploiting this child. They might be selling the child a lot of it's child porn, production, yada, yada, yada.


But you have to find a way to catch them. And this is how you catch 'em. And when you make that arrest, you then find the victim. Then I can't tell you how many phones we've gotten warrants and ripped the date off the phone. And you've already had a, a podcast about that kind of how to find these guys, the, and all of the stuff that they're into. And you will find victims every single time. And our goal is to teach law enforcement agencies how to target these individuals who are targeting kids. So they're showing up for a 14-year-old girl, but in reality they're messing with their 9-year-old niece. Does that make sense, man? And that's, that's what we do. And that's what it's morphed into. Going all the way back to the, to The, let, lemme break it down a little bit more.


So, so I, I want to backtrack Yeah. And talk about how you found those six individuals. But before that, what I wanna ask is, You know, you're talking about finding victims and these victims don't wanna come out, is, and you're talking about little kids who consider the abuser to be their a guardian, a trusted guardian. Yeah. And so what I want to kind of, where I think you might be going with this is, is, You know, people are probably wondering, well why wouldn't, why would they wanna, why wouldn't they want to dime their dad out even if he is their dad?


Because, because he's being raped. Right. But You know what I wanna say is these kids don't understand, look, this is, this is normal everyday life to them, they don't know any different. They don't know what it, they don't know what life would be like to not be raped by their dad every day, multiple times a day. They have no idea what that's like. That's just their reality. Am I correct? Yeah. I mean, no, that's it. Yeah. So they, they, they, they've accepted that this is just, this is life. They don't, they don't ha have any other perspective other than just what they've lived From what I've, from what I've gathered, you just hit the nail on the head and you've interviewed guys.


I mean, how many guys have you interviewed on here where this is them telling you what they've gone through? And you said, some of 'em don't wanna say it. Probably the first time they've talked about it with anybody, maybe outside of their wife. Maybe they talked about it with their wife, maybe they didn't. But I mean, it's, it's not something that people, oh yeah, we can just make it better by diamond 'em out and now I'm rescued. No, and then the other problem is, is kids are are scared. You know, even if, even if I'm being treated poorly by those who are taking care of me, where do I go when they go to jail? Let's say they do realize that, that this is something wrong. They get put in jail, jail for it. Where do I go now when they go to the, the state, most state systems have a DHR or something like that. And there's a process you have to go through. So it's not like a rescue where like you're all of a sudden united with a great family.


There is no good answer. That's not like a fairytale, it's not a Disney movie where it's all of a sudden better at the end. Yeah. Every situation when it comes to this is bad. And sometimes it's worse than the previous situation. A real world example, a young lady, I won't give her name, she was 14 when she ran away from home, 15 when she was picked up 16 when we found her locked in a cage, in a backyard up in, You know, the northern us We'll we'll leave it with, but she ran away from home from her momma and her, her stepdaddy, because she was being sexually abused by her stepdad. I'm, I'm trying to remember this right, sexually abused by her stepdaddy.


Her mama was in and outta jail in Texas. She ran away, ran back to Michigan, and she lived with her dad and her brother. She wasn't being sexually abused by her dad and brother, but they were physically abusing her, putting her, putting cigarettes out on her, that sort of stuff. Physical abuse. So she ran away from them and got picked up by some 23-year-old kid slinging dope on the street. And so he picked her up. Now she's his live-in girlfriend. He's, You know, banging her, all that stuff. And then he would sell her to his buddies. Now she's being trafficked, she's underage and being trafficked. But for her, this was the better, this was the better of the three lives she lived.


So, You know, it that, that's the hard part. And, and then when we, we found her, she was locked in a cage, in a backyard. Wouldn't talk in in any way without going too much into that. She's from Her boyfriend. Yeah, her boyfriend. He would leave during the day. He locked her in the cage in the back. Yeah. We had a little marijuana going on back there. Cage. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, wait, did you say what kind of cage? A Cage locked Cage. Cage. Yeah. Like a, yeah, like a chicken coop or something. I mean, she could stand up in it, You know, but it's like a, we had a little marijuana grove hidden back there in the fence in the back. And she was locked back there. And now she was a runaway. So technically she, it wasn't like, and we had to tell some of our board members that like, can we get videos of her reuniting with the family and all that?


No, there is no reuniting with the family. That's why she's here. And that's where that percentage comes in that most people don't understand is it's, it stems from a family issue and then there's a lack of trust for law enforcement And it going all the way back to having to have somebody testify for a crime. Well, most of these, most of these people, especially kids or young women, are, they're scared to testify because, well, this guy's gonna get out on bail, he's gonna get out and they're gonna come find me and kill me. Even though that might not be true. That's, we get that all the time interviewing people, You know, I don't want to testify. So it's a, we have a good system, but we have a system that sometimes is not good when it comes to dealing with, with these things.


And it's very precarious. But you hit the nail on the head with, it's not as easy as, oh yeah, just turn, if your dad's raping you just turn him in. If your, if your mom and dad's selling you, if your uncle's selling you to his buddies for sex, just, just turn 'em in. It's not that easy, Man. Yeah. I think a lot of these, a lot of these kids, they don't, they don't even realize what happened to 'em is wrong until long after it's happened. Oh, for sure. And Well, you, what happened? You know that better than anybody. I mean, you've interviewed, you interview enough people to talk with him and see when hindsight's 2020 and they might be able to talk about what they realize.


It kinda like us with Afghanistan and Iraq and all this stuff. I'd be ready to fist fight somebody over talking bad about the US and what we did in Iraq and Afghanistan back when I was in the teams. Yeah. But now I'm more apt perspective to Yeah, it's a different perspective. It's the same thing with, with these people. Just on a much more damaging level, I guess. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What happened to that girl in Michigan? How's she doing? Man, I have no idea. She's so the state, so most states they, if, if they have a missing kid or something like that, a runaway kid, and that's how we found her, they would work in one of the sheriff's office up there, the state, like DHR, child Protection Services.


They'll, they'll take over, they'll find a next of kin or they'll, they'll hold 'em. And it again, sometimes that, that creates more of a problem than just where they're, where they're at. Even. Damn. So, I mean it's, again, there's no good answer. So her, I know that DHR, child Protection Service, whatever it's called in, in, in that state or in that county, I know that they dealt with that. What the disposition of that was. I, I don't know. Let's Go back to the town where you, the sheriff didn't think he was gonna Yeah, Yeah. I don't He Got six. Yeah. Walk us through exactly that entire operation. How did you, how did you, I mean we're in a, we're in a, is this a town?


Is this like a small town? Oh yeah, it's small. It's Henry County, Alabama. So it's a, a count. It's a small county now. So It's a small town. Nobody thinks this is happening there. How do you, like you come in, you give a training course. Yeah. Then what? So I've known the sheriff, this guy just got elected sheriff, I've known him for a while. And he a good guy. His name is Eric Blankenship. But anyway, so Eeb says, Hey dude, let's do the tactical training, but I don't think you're gonna get to hook anybody. I said, well, just let us teach you the process and we'll get what we get. This is not a prostitution sting. Law enforcement commonly do, does prostitution stings. And the reason they do that is because prostitution across the nation is a misdemeanor crime.


But that gives 'em their probable cause for hopefully a felony drug arrest. Maybe finding a certain person's forbidden or a a warrant. So they're looking at a pretty shoddy, pretty shaky misdemeanor case, although they've got it to hopefully lead to a bigger case. Does that make sense? Yeah. That's why they do prostitution sting. And then sometimes they find human trafficking and prostitution. We don't like that. We like building a felony case on the front end to hopefully find victims whether they're of age or underage of real human trafficking. And so we show them how to do that and we say this is not a prostitution sting. We don't care about drugs. We're not looking for drugs or murder or warrants or any of those things.


If we find them great, we still move forward with 'em like we normally would would. But this is our focus and it's solicitation of a minor with an electronic device. And I'll just give you this county in Alabama, for the Alabama state law, it'll be 13 a 6, 1 2 2 13, a 6 1 2 4 solicitation of a minor and travel to meet a minor for sexual purposes 'cause they're gonna show up to the location. And then 13 a 6 1 5 3 I believe it is, which is human trafficking. One attempt in the state of Alabama. It meets state law for human trafficking one attempt. Those are the three felony charges we're looking for. The last one that we might get is 13 a 6 1 1 1, which is transmitting obscene material to a minor. That's like if somebody sends a nude picture of themselves or send, You know, sending those bad images to a minor.


Right? And these guys reach out to us. So we start off with a decoy based operation on a sex platform. Let's use Backpage. Used to be the big thing, I'll just say back, you remember when Backpage, you've ever heard of the feds? Shut it down. But you can run ads on a bunch of different things. I won't name the places that we run ads normally, but you go to one of these, You know, sex sites like Backpage and you run an ad says You know, hey it's a girl, it's 19 years old. And these sites, by the way, they allow us with our law enforcement email to run, run these ads without getting kicked off. Because what we'll do is we'll have somebody reach out, Hey, are you available? You know, for a, a QV for a quick visit and or how much for a quick visit.


And so we have our law enforcement investigator that we're teaching how to chat, teaching the lingo and we're just kind of over their shoulder, Hey, you need to say this. Or maybe we're on the phone with 'em showing 'em what to say and send it back. Yeah. You cool with, You know, young chicks are going through the process because we have to establish an age. We're already on a sex site. So we know what they're there for. And we have to establish an age. If we chat a thousand people, I like using the the thousand people as an example. If we chat a thousand people, 900 of 'em won't answer you back. When you tell 'em that you're underage or you're young. If you tell 'em you're 15 or 14 or 13 or whatever age that the prosecutor requires in the area we're in, 'cause it's different. Not just per state, per county, per per jurisdiction.


So it, most of the time I've 900 of those thousand people won't even respond. Or they'll tell you to pound sand, let's say you don't need to be doing this. And they won't answer back. A hundred of those people will entertain it. They'll entertain it. So 10% will converse back and forth, entertain. They might say, you don't need to be doing this. Let me, let's talk, let's meet. But there's still, they're entertaining it. 10 of those thousand will show up to the door, will show up and buy again. Those are the ones we're looking for because now they've committed the overt act and now we've got a solid airtight case that they can't wiggle out of. They're gonna get prosecuted. So we have the apprehension when they show up and we have the prosecution, we also do mobile stings, we do vehicle takedowns, but they're still showing up to meet us in a vehicle.


And that is how we target these specific individuals. Now when you target that specific individual, our probable cause case is generally built off of messaging through a phone or whatever messaging platform. So we have to tie those messages together. That's easy. We have that. But when we do that, we get a warrant to rip the data off the phone. Now you're familiar with that, with your work with the agency and all that stuff. So, we'll we will rip the data off the phone via warrant sometimes via consent. But very rarely do we get that. Most of the time it's a warrant based on our probable cause arrest. And we rip the data on the phone. That's where you find the victims. You find other people their messaging, you find other kids that they've, You know, either received child porn.


So you see child porn distribution, child porn production and distribution. And you start finding other victims. And that's where you find individuals who are truly nefarious. And then also, not just kids but also women. We had a guy who was rolled, he had a woman locked in a trailer that he was performing sex acts on. She was an illegal immigrant. And he would snatch her, lock her up for three days, do all kinds of stuff and release her. And then it just kind of intermittent would do this. And she had no recourse. She was afraid to go to the police. She was in her thirties. Why was she afraid to go to the police? Well 'cause she thought she'd be deported. Right? So that's real victims. Those are real trafficked people.


People who were suffering. Now she wasn't stolen and put in a circle and sold all over. She would be released a couple days later, go back to her family. But this is what was happening to her 'cause she had no recourse. So you find victims in this now the rescue doesn't always look what we think it looks like. You know, some that woman was just like, thank you so much. I can breathe now and go back to my normal life without this guy doing it, doing this stuff to me. The other thing we see is a lot of illegal immigrants, if we did, we arrested seven last week with a couple agencies and three of the seven were illegal immigrants. So they'll be deported. We've seen that tick up even more and more. The six that I was talking about down in Henry County a couple years ago when the sheriff said, you won't get anybody.


Two of those were illegal immigrants. One, we did a pretty extensive interview with. I say we, the homeland security guy in charge that did an extensive interview with. And one of the interesting things that the guy said, he said, Hey, I can show you exactly where I crossed the border. I crossed with some really bad people. We're like, what do you mean really bad people? And so he started, he said, all men describing who they are. I mean we have tariff cells in this country that are crossing the border. So there's some of that stuff that you're able to dig deeper into. And that then the FBI or homeland security, whoever will get ahold of and be able to run that in a little bit deeper. So these operations are kind of a, they span out into multiple things where it might be child exploitation, it might be prostitution based human trafficking, it might be, it might go to labor trafficking, it might go to a terrorist cell that is moving people across the border or a terrorist cell that got moved across the border.


So it might just be strict illegal immigration and we now can deport somebody. So it kind of flowers off into a bunch of different pets. Child porn, production and distribution. And so that's why we like running these operations. 'cause it, generally speaking, when they see it, they're easy to do And it gives the law enforcement off or the law enforcement agency the most bang for their buck. They're at the local level. The feds then have the ability to adopt that case. And whatever state you work in, the US attorney's office generally wants to adopt a solid state case. So if you have a solid state case, they'll look at it and say, do we have a federal nexus here? We have a federal nexus with this one because we've got child porn production and distribution with this guy and his 18 month old daughter. And then the feds will step in and they'll be able to levy some heavy, sent some heavy charges, prosecution and sentencing on that end to coincide with what this guy's already getting at the state level.


Because every state doesn't have that same heavy lever to pull when it comes to maybe child porn distribution. So I I, the reason I sell that, that's how everything works together. Yeah. It's not always perfect, but the goal is to just target these individuals who are targeting, targeting kids. And generally speaking, when you find that you find their, they have other victims, other people they target. Damn. So just webs and webs and webs. Yep. And never ending web is what it feels like a lot of times. Damn. Damn. What did, what are some of the commonalities you see in the victims? Women, All women, I would say that the biggest demographic that's targeted is women.


And then if, if it's men, if it's never grown, men or targeted boys are targeted. But women more so than anything DOJ and F and and American Psychiatric Association statistic on this end is for every, every male female encounter, opposite sex encounter, primarily male to female, there are 50 victims before the perpetrator's prosecuted. 50 50 victims. Yeah, that's the statistic. I think they said plus or minus 10% in their study. And this study is like 15 years old for every same sex or primarily male to male.


Right? It's 150 victims plus or minus 10% before the perpetrator's Prosecuted. Oh shit. So you might get an apprehension, you might actually make an arrest, but if you don't have a prosecution, you've done nothing. It's symbolism without substance. And that's what they're saying. And this guy might have been arrested for it, but the 50 victims come before prosecution. The 150 victims come before prosecution, not before arrest. They will still have victims even after they're arrested. Shit, damn man. Damn. Is there more adult women or more, more minors, You know?


Well, I would tell you on these style of operations, the only way we get the felony charges on the front end, which is what we want, is to build a case based on minors. With that being said, man, it's probably on the victim side. I would have to talk to our victim advocate about this. 'cause she tracks with this probably more than than I do. But I would say it's pretty 70 ish percent minor. So it's heavy minor. But I mean you still got 30%, 70% minors Probably when you see victims. Yeah, I would say the vast majority are minors. Again, because they, they're not gonna talk a grown woman's more apt and more liable to say something or talk than a kid is.


But a kid generally is not gonna say anything, especially if they trust this person. So, and we see it with coaches and when we say coaches, pastors, doctors, You know, it doesn't matter any, any side of the, the aisle re Republican, democrat, You know, left, right? Doesn't really matter. Just it's, it is, it is sin, it is unbelievable wickedness. And they are targeting the weakest in society. The most prolific, I guess would be the word. I forget his name, but one of the most prolific child predators in the us. I think he was out of Indiana. They asked him, they said, what do you look at what?


Like when you target a kid, is there a demographic? Is there, You know, boy or girl? And I think he concentrated more on boys. I think he primarily a white demographic because where he was at in Indiana. But he didn't seem to, he said that that really wasn't what he looked at. He looked at two things. He, one, does this kid have a father? Where was the father at in this kid's life? And was the father a threat? So two things he looked at. One, does this kid have a dad that's around two? Is the dad a threat that blew my mind. I'll send you the video link or I'll get Steven to send it over so you can see it was the father a threat. And it's like, holy crap, be a threat for your kids' sake. Now everybody talks about the mama bear thing.


Hey, don't go and, and mamas will protect their babies. But this is what he said. They said, what about a single, a single? I said, no father, what about moms? He said, no. He said, I would befriend the mother and he would be that guy who was, Hey look, it's, You know, look, you're doing great. And he said, I just really try to be involved in their life. If she had a kid I wanted to target. And then once I built that rapport with 'em, Hey, look, go out, go to dinner. Go spend some time with your sleeping workout. I'll stay with kids tonight. And that's how we would groom kids. Wow. So it, it was truly a father that, that he would, that he would try to, or that he would look at that would ward him off, for lack of a better word. Now imagine if that father that's supposed to be warding people off is the one who's actually doing this to their Kid.


How many of these victims are molested or raped or exploited by, by, how do I say this? The, the, what do you call 'em? The abuser? Yeah. Or the perpetrator. The abuser. Perpetrator. How many of these people are, would you consider, You know, at, at first glance you'd mentioned doctors, pastors, coaches, teachers. How many of these, how many of these perpetrators are what most people would consider upstanding citizens? I would say about 80% of them. Are you serious? Like they're not, we're not, that's the whole reason they don't get caught and they're not targeted is 'cause you're generally speaking, not gonna catch 'em.


Would doing, doing something with drugs, you're getting rolled for drugs. You know, you might get the guy who shows up to pay with drugs. You will get those people in that. But generally speaking, this is the only thing they're doing that's outside the law. And nothing within law enforcement is targeting these specific people. Unless Of course you get a tip or unless Of course they find them on some digital platform, You know, going after kids, which is, that's hard to do. And it's few and far between. The, these are individuals who are not generally speaking, breaking law. We will get gang members showing up, looking to, to steal a girl and take back. And that's, that's a process. I, I'm not saying we don't get that, but I would say about 80%, yeah, about 80% are are, are just regular everyday folks that you would never, never guess.


We are seeing that shift and change because of the illegal immigration thing, right? So we don't know much about these illegal immigrants. We don't know their background, where they come from. We know they're here working, You know, they, they might be here working, but we don't have a lot of information on that individual. But the ones we do have information on, about 80% are regular folks. What about some of these das that don't prosecute criminals. I mean, are are, are you guys running into problems where you put in all this work and then you have like a Soros funded DA that's not gonna do anything to these? Yeah, no. So for us, because we work closely with a prosecutor's office, most of the time we bring the prosecutor's office in, because again, we need an apprehension and a prosecution.


We haven't had too many issues. We've had some issues, but it's, most of the issues we see exist wind up existing between the current law enforcement agency that we're working with and the prosecutor that we're working. They haven't, they, they're, they, they having a rub or a rift for whatever reason. It's never because they don't wanna prosecute it. That's one thing I have seen is that across the aisle, for the most part, Republican, democrat, whatever it is, when you are actively going after those individuals who are targeting kids, most everybody, everybody that we've worked with ha has been all for it.


If we have an issue, a lot of times it's been more so on the law enforcement agency side, not always, but on the law enforcement agency side, over the prosecution side. And again, there's an, there's an egocentric thing there for most law enforcement agencies. They wanna say, we're doing this. They wanna say, oh yeah, yeah, we're doing this, we're doing it. No, you're not. We know you're not. Because we literally go all over the nation and we see people tell us all the time, Hey, we're doing this, and we show 'em what we're doing. They're like, holy crap, we're not doing that at all. So that's probably where we run more into an issue. But once we make the case and we get a, we get an arrest and a prosecution, that it pretty much goes straightforward, pretty easy. Defense attorneys will molest a case. Now defense attorneys will, they will really negatively impact a case and try to get anything thrown out for any reason whatsoever.


Now, it is something I, I do struggle with the, the profession of attorneys. You know, I mean, it's, I struggle with that. Defense attorneys will grab anybody. They'll charge these guys, whatever they're charged 'em, make a lot of money, and they will try to poke holes in a case. And our goal as an organization is to train the law enforcement agency and the, the apprehension side that the cops or the sheriff's deputies or whatever, and the prosecution side, the district attorney's office, Hey, this is how you make a rock solid case. So it doesn't matter how many rocks they throw at it, they're never gonna, they're never gonna break the glass. They're never gonna poke a hole in it. You've got a solid case. Do you see more success when the federal government steps in or local? No local. So it's, so, think of it this way, it's a, the federal government, a government period is not good at much of anything.


Right. We know that. 'cause we work for the government. That being said, they do serve, serve a purpose. And they, they serve the purpose of hopefully on the criminal side, protecting victims and putting away the criminal without reigning on our God-given rights that come through. Ultimately the Bill of Rights, I'll make this succinct in just a second. The federal government is a macro sort of thing. Then you have a state government, which is kind of a 30,000 foot view, a little bit smaller than the, the federal government, but now it's a little bit smaller. And then the federal government can't do what the state laws can do. Right? So they have to have, they have a very broad, and it's very difficult on how broad it is. The state is now still pretty broad, but we're getting a little more pinpointed and focused for that specific targeted shot.


But the local agency, that local prosecutor's office, that local municipality or sheriff's office, they're the ones that know the nuances of their community so that not only when we make this arrest, we get this individual showing up to buy a kid. The prosecution knows what we need to say in the chat. What, what the age of the victim needs to be. All of this stuff to successfully prosecute the case. I'll give you a real world example real quick, but I won't name the locations. We had, we had a location or two separate locations, two hours apart from each other. The same state. So the same state law governs these two locations. One location, the prosecutor says, I have an older black female demographic than I'm gonna get for a jury pool.


He said, even though these women vote Democrat, they are unbelievably conservative, the older black female demographic. And they will not, they do not care if you, if we chat as a 15-year-old girl, even if, even though that makes state law, right? If we chat as a 15-year-old girl, it's gonna be th they're not gonna, they're gonna have a hung jury. They're not gonna true bill this thing. They're not gonna all be unanimous on Yep, this guy committed or this, this crime was committed. We need to move on. We are gonna have to at least be 14-year-old. Okay? So we changed how we chat, even though we met state law at 15 because of the jury pool that this prosecutor said he was gonna have. We had to change it. He said, now if you chat as a boy, he could be 22 years old.


Well, that's not within state law to do it, but he said he'd be 20, 22 years old. And because it's a more conservative group of women, that older black female demographic, they're gonna throw this guy under the jail because it was outside the realm of what they agreed with morally, their Christian women churchgoers. The homosexuality was the, the unforgivable sin to them. Most of 'em were married when they were 15. So they were not gonna roll a guy for talking to, You know, trying to have sex with a 15-year-old girl. So does that make, so we see that interesting two hours away. I'm talking, this was, and I love this example because it's a real example. That's, that's the most important that, that I had to deal with at the prosecutor's office two hours away.


The, the jury pool was a predominantly white female jury pool. Middle aged like forties to fifties, age range. Female. That was the predominant jury pool. So they look at that and if you chatted as a 18-year-old girl, oh, throw that guy under the jail. If he's showing it by her, because it's that me too movement that, You know, they're more liberal, they're more left-leaning. They're every female's a victim sort of idea, right? This guy showing up by a female, throw him under the jail. But if it was a guy showing up for a 15-year-old boy, they still might say, yeah, he showing up for a kid. But they were more sympathetic to the homosexual man because they were, because they were more left leaning.


No shit. So just because we state law doesn't mean that we can get something. 'cause we gotta prosecute, this person's gonna go before a jury of their peers. Right? So when I get subpoenaed to, to testify in a grand jury, when I go to grand jury in states that have that, I have to tell 'em what we're doing. Well that jury has to say, yeah, we've, this is, this is this guy. This, this guy's committed a crime here. We've gotta we gotta be able to put 'em away. And you've gotta have 100% on that. You can't, you can't be hung. So it's not just meeting the law. It's not just, Hey, we got the law. It is, do we have a case that's gonna stand up in front of a jury And that's our constitution, which is great.


We're just building these cases so there's never a victim because we've seen that with real victims of human trafficking. They don't want to go before and they don't want to testify before a jury or stand in front of their accuser. So do you get all these statistics and demographics of the jury and, and meet with the DA before you Set up job? Yeah. Before you do the operation. Yeah. Because they're the The ones, so You know exactly what you're looking for. Yep. What you have to find Yep. To get a successful prosecution before you ever set up camp, like Six months ahead of time. No shit. Yeah, we we're booked out through I think August of next year with agency all over the nation that reach out and we will sit down and have a, meet our executive director, Mike Rebels, he's been in law enforcement 30 years.


He'll meet with 'em and then I'll sit down with 'em and we will zoom calls. Or if they're local, You know, near us, we'll drive to 'em. But yeah, everything you just said, we sit down and we hash out, look guys, this is what we do. This is what we're looking for. We need your guidance on what works here. A lot of times we'll study the state law and we can't figure out what state law we wanna go with. So we'll ask the prosecutor, Hey, which, which one of these charges you wanna go with? And they'll say, neither of those, this is actually the state law we want to use. And so that's just like, oh, okay. So we have to spend a lot of, there's a lot of prep work. Yeah. To be able to do this. This isn't something you just, You know, go out and swing for the fences on. It is a, it's a process. 'cause you've got to work with that local prosecutor and that local agency for a successful probable cause.


Felony arrest, apprehension, and then the prosecution. It's very Calculated. Yeah, very calculated. Very impressive. So it's, everybody will say, oh, we, we wanna be targeted in law enforcement. Everything law enforcement does, like, let's say the prostitution thinks it's a buckshot approach. We send some rounds out there and hope we catch a, a felon in the process. Maybe we get human trafficking. This is not that. This is very sniper in approach. This is very, this is the target I'm shooting at. If I get any of these other things over here, great. But I am going after this specific individual right here, right here. I'm going after the 1%. Remember what I said, the 10 of the thousand that actually show up. I'm going after the 1% who are showing up to buy a kid, because I know that that 1%, they're the ones who are slipping away all the time.


They're that buck who's slipping for the guys that hunt. And they're that buck who's been slipping around and smart and been watching, are able to slip around the edges of the field with every, without ever getting busted. That's the ones we're going after. And that's what we teach 'em to do. So it's very targeted. Very, How do you, how do you find what departments you're gonna work with? 'cause you do this all over the country, correct? It? We do. Yes sir. Mo, it used to be, it used to be they would reach out or I say they would, we would reach out to them. Like if we had a relationship through somebody and offer the tactical training. And they're like, yeah, we'll do this. If you give us a tactical training for free now we don't even offer the tactical training anymore unless they specifically request it because they're reaching out to us, Hey, we've heard about your sex trafficking operation program where you come in and teach us.


We want to do, no kidding. Oh yeah, they're reaching out to us. And that's, that's kind of where we're at. It's most of it's word of mouth, but it, it doesn't cost the agency anything. That's why we raise money. That's why we're nonprofit. Everything is paid for. So the only thing it costs the agency is their manpower and their, their sometimes overtime hours because they're, they're working, You know, training and then two nights of operations. Wow. How many, how many inquiries are you getting? Let's say a month? Man, that's a, I would say a lot. That would be a question to ask Josh or Mike, but they, they get a lot, we get a lot of inquiries of just, Hey, can y'all come here and do this or that?


10, 50, a hundred, Not a hundred. I would say probably somewhere around, somewhere between 20 to 30. Because we can only do one a month. We can only do one a month. So it's impossible to service 'em all. Yeah. So think of it this way. There's 3,100 sheriff's offices in the nation, plus or minus, lemme use the sheriff's office example. We will never, we're doing one a month based on the funding that we have, what we bring in, we do one of these a month. We will never be able to hit all those sheriff's offices. But it would be nice to hit the majority of 'em. Because again, if you look at your return on investment, we're trying to work ourselves out of a job. Because if I can teach this agency, if our team can go in and teach this agency what they do, we don't wanna go back to that agency.


We're not wanting to return. We have sometimes they'll say, Hey, do you mind coming back and auditing what we're doing to see if we're doing it appropriately? We'll go back and give them some pointers, but our goal is to fire that one shot, have some success, and go to the next agency, fire that one shot, have some success with them, and, and then let them hone it and continue to do this on their own. And it's not something they need to do every day or every month. You know, they overfish that hole, for lack of a better word, right? They need to, You know, you can do it twice a year, do it once a quarter, do it once a year. You know, it does whatever that leadership wants to do there. But it gives 'em something they can do that is impacting the community around 'em in a positive way.


So going back to that micro as opposed to macro, they're trying to impact their community in a positive way. And the closest form of the government to the people was the most effective form of government, right? That's John Locke, the second trais of government, right? And so that's what, this is the closest form of government is gonna impact that community the best. And that's where we really like to focus. And then the feds can get involved on the top end and if there's something they can adopt and take over and take federally, great. We have those connections to help make that that happen. How many people are, are on your team? I would say we have a lot of subcontractors that we rotate in every month per operation.


We probably have about 50 subcontracts. We rotate through GRS, guys, marsoc, guys seals, SF guys all. So all from the special operation community. A lot of 'em are sworn in other locations. A lot of 'em are law enforcement officers somewhere else. We have some federal law enforcement agencies, federal law enforcement agents and state law enforcement agents both retired and active that rotate in and work with us. So about 50 subcontractors. And then full-time on our team, we've got, I think we have, well Josh just left to go back to full-time law enforcement. So we have six full-time people on our team and we have 1, 2, 3 part-time people.


So we have about, we have nine, basically nine employees, al to include myself. Damn. So we're run, we run pretty thin. Yeah. But it takes us full-time people to sit up and prep these operations. And then we rotate in the contractors for whatever agency we're working with and whoever's available. We rotate 'em in each month. And generally it takes about 20 ish of our people, 15 to 25 people to pull off, pull off an operation depending on how many people the agency we're working with has, Man, I'm gonna try to get you guys up here in Williamson County. Come on man. I, I'm serious. Yeah. Put us in touch with 'em. We'll come up and make it happen. I definitely will. Yeah. And, and, and you'll, especially being as close you are to Nashville, you'll pull, you'll pull quite a few outta Nashville.


That's one thing that people don't realize that if you're within an hour of a large city, you'll pull people from that large city showing up to target your kids. And that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to, You know, even act as a deterrent. They've already caught a ton of people here go, they caught a, they caught a soccer coach. There it is, was drugging little boys and doing that. They caught a priest. They, So you've already experienced it. Youve seen it, You Know. Oh yeah. They've, it's, it's, it's, it's rampant. Now, one thing to say on catching these guys, when you got the, the vigilante groups on, You know, YouTube and all that, then they'll, they'll talk somebody in the MMA guys, they'll beat 'em up, they'll make 'em drink their own piss, all that stuff. One of the things that we've seen is a lot of times, and we see this a lot with people, we, we go after and it's, this is hard because you want to deal with it appropriately, but it's not criminal in nature.


A lot of times you have like autistic kids that, that are on so that there, there's something wrong here. So now you have something we gotta deal with. 'cause I don't care what you have, I don't care what your mental disability is, whatever. You better not be targeting my kids. Does that make sense? I mean, because that's gonna negatively impact their life. We've gotta deal with it, but we don't deal with it. It's not criminal in nature. We don't beat 'em up. We don't make 'em drink. They're piss, we don't put 'em in jail. And working at the local level, the micro level, we generally see that works better as opposed to just this random blanket, Hey, we're chatting these people in. A lot of times they're ent trapping 'em, and then they're showing up and beating 'em up. And this person is a guy with a mental disability. The law enforcement agency that's local generally has probably dealt with him before.


And they can say, oh, hang on a second, who are we looking at? 'cause we normally know who's showing up before they get there through all of the stuff we can run. And they're sitting here looking at the, oh, this guy right here. Yeah, look, we need to figure this out. We deal with him all the time. He's got this mental disability, let's do it. And so now we can get the family involved, deal with this appropriately, because it's not criminal in nature, but it's a problem and it's a problem that has to be dealt with. That's the other good part to this as well. We can, we can deal with those things more effectively at the local level than you can at a a level, like at a state or a federal or just an organization in a random location, chatting people in because they don't, they don't know the nuances of that community.


Yeah, yeah. Makes sense. Makes sense. Well, Jared, I think we're, we're kind of wrapping up the interview and so, but one thing I want to hit before, what do you need to scale out? What do you need to do two of these, three of these, 10 of these a month? Well, it's, it's basically based on people. So our burn rate a month for our organizational full-time people is basically about $30,000 to pay salaries, interest, just the stuff to run, to do an operation. Forget the burn rate side of it. It's about $50,000 per op. So like local in the southeast, it might be 35 grand. We went all the way out to New Mexico last year. It was like 84 grand.


So the average to pull one of these trainings and ops off is about $50,000. That's pay, travel, all of that stuff. So to scale, You know, if we wanted to do two a month, we need to be able to bring in a hundred thousand dollars a month. Now, this is what I generally say to people, if you wanna support our organization, you don't have to be the person that can write a, a $25,000 check, a hundred thousand dollars check, a million dollar check. If you, if you can do that and you wanna do that, great, Hey, we would love to have that support. But we really operate on people who have a heart to do the right thing. And they say, You know what? I can give up my Starbucks two weeks outta the month and, and, and write a check for $20 a month.


That is, if, if we look at where most of our funding comes from, it comes from hundreds if not thousands of people all across the nation who write checks for $20 a month or sign up for a direct deposit for $20 a month, whatever it is, or a hundred dollars a month. And they send that every month. That, that's really what we operate on. It's truly a grassroots effort. We do have big donors, but most people can't be big donors. Praise God. Trump just won, You know, because in, in Kamala's, You know, country, we, we probably wouldn't be able to donate anything. We'd all be sucking wind. But with that being said, we do, we do operate on a grassroots, You know, efforts that only I, I don't even think about the cost of the operation.


What is, what's some stuff that parents can do, You know, to, to educate their kids and just to, to, to make a safer environment to keep that's keep from getting trafficked. That's great. So this, this, this thing right here, this phone, okay, we've all got 'em. Our kids got 'em. My kids are too young to have 'em. Yet, when you give your kid a phone, I literally had a buddy call me yesterday asking about this. They had an app that somebody back in and started targeting his daughter out of his daughter's 14. You give somebody a phone, you give them access to the world and the world access to them was 3G, 5G, internet. If it has those capabilities, somebody can go after your kid.


We even seen it on the game in headsets. You've seen it on this, I think a game called number blocks. Maybe as a, as a recent one we've seen, we've seen these guys target kids talking through the headsets to 'em playing Fortnite. These individuals are out there. They might not be looking to steal your kid physically, You know, or, You know, sexually abuse them and all that. They might be, but they might be looking to steal their digital footprint. They might be looking to extort 'em. We call it sextortion. Maybe they send a picture, especially young girls. They'll send a picture and they'll hold her over their head, Hey, send us money or we're gonna plaster this o over everything. And so it's a, it's a scam, right? So they're still in their digital fingerprint or their digital footprint.


They're getting into your family's life. That's generally what we see with that. However, sometimes they are trying to steal your kid, but they don't have to show up in a free candy van through these right here. They'll steal your kid's heart and mind and they'll talk your kid right outta your house. So monitoring those phones, monitoring those social media accounts and platforms, staying involved in what your kid's doing there, I think that's the most important thing you can do. And the best way that you can protect your family. Don't worry so much about what you might see out, out and about with other people. If you see something, say something. That's what they always used to say. The problem is, is I don't know the nuances there, but what I do know is with my kids, I've gotta be very vigilant.


I've gotta be a threat. Going back to that guy I was talking about. I've gotta be a threat. So nobody's gonna go after my kids monitor what they're doing on that phone monitor what they're doing on their social media platforms. How'd you love, man? Well, Jared, is there, is there anything that I'm missing that you wanna talk about? Ah, man, I appreciate you having me here. I think we've talked long enough and hopefully it's beneficial for everybody and your listeners. Thanks for having me. It's been very beneficial for me, man. And, and man, I just, what a great model that you've developed and, and sounds to be extremely effective. And man, it's just, it's been an honor to, to get to know you today and and I can't wait to get down there and go on an op with you.


And come On, man. I, I hope you get, I hope I get you up here to Williamson County. 'cause You know I got kids here. Absolutely. Absolutely. But God bless you brother, and all your links and stuff will be down below. So anybody that wants to donate, get in touch with you. I'll be donating. Oh, Thank you. Yeah, Man, it's been an honor. Thank You, man. Pleasure, man. Thank you. Absolutely. Thanks brother. God bless.


Mic drop hosted by former Navy SEAL, Mike Ritland. It's raw. Any Single time that you left the wire, you could lose four guys. It's unfiltered. That was The most horrible screaming I'd ever heard, taking a hit on the chin. You want to pay It back? It's tough. Talk from the top minds in their field. Would I choose to not do our duty as military fighting men? No, I would not make that decision without question. Mic, drop, follow and listen on your favorite platform.