
When the game tips off the NBA action is just beginning on FanDuel America's number one Sportsbook. Because FanDuel is your home for NBA live betting however you wanna play, now is the perfect time to join. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Joshua and Stephanie Mast, Welcome to the show. It's good to be here. Yeah, Sean, we really appreciate you having us, Man. You guys have one hell of a story here and very complicated. Doing the best I can. We're gonna cover all of it. It's probably gonna be a long show, but, You know, even though nobody knows what we're about to talk about just yet, I just wanna say like, man, you guys are like such honorable people doing what you're doing, and, and I'm really excited to do this and, and to get this out into the world. So thank you guys for, for what you're doing, and thank you for being here.


Oh, We really appreciate it. So tha I mean, honestly, we, we feel blessed to have been a part of this. Like, we're very proud of it. So, and, and we, we'd like to put this spotlight on some people who, who've made it happen along the way of regular Americans doing their thing at the ground level and, and it's really about them. Awesome. Awesome. Well, everybody gets an introduction. So Major Joshua and Stephanie Mast, Major Joshua Mast. You're a United States Marine Judge, advocate General with a law degree from Liberty University, and currently assigned as the Assistant Operations Operator Officer, Marine Raider Support Group, Marine Special Forces Operation Command.


You've served as a civil law attorney, trial counsel and prosecutor. You deployed to Afghanistan in 2019 and worked in the res Resolute Support Headquarters office of the staff Judge Advocate where your portfolio responsibilities included targeting collateral, damage estimation, and civilian casualty response. You're married to Stephanie, who is a graduate of Thomas Edison State University and has master's, master's degrees from Liberty University and the Academy of Art University, San Francisco, California. Most importantly, you invest your time raising your five children ages 13, 10, 6, 5, and four.


And I think you guys said downstairs, you've been married for 18 years, years, congratulations. And it's because of the love you have for one of your children that you're here with us today. So before we move on, a couple caveats and disclaimers before we begin. We need to make some important clarifications. Josh, can I call you Josh or do you prefer Joshua? Sure, that's fine. You're an active duty Marine Corps officer. You can clarify if you are speaking on, can you please clarify if you are speaking on behalf of the Marine Corps Special Operations Command SOCOM or the Department of Defense? No, obviously this is just my personal opinion, our, our perspective on what's happened in the last few years in our life.


And then normally I wouldn't even associate with marsoc, but they've recently acknowledged that I'm a member of the command. So that's, that's allows us to be here and be able to acknowledge that today. Okay. What are the limitations on what you both can say in this interview due to classification, operational security, and or ongoing legal matters? Okay, so obviously we can't go into classified information. A lot of what we're gonna talk about has been declassified and authorized for release into the public domain. So we will talk about that portion of it. And then as far as ongoing legal matters, the only thing we're not going to do is some of the, the Afghans we've been in other litigation with, we're not allowed to identify those people to third parties or where they're from or where their families are from.


And so we're not gonna do that. It's really not even the focus of today. And then there's a restriction from commenting on some of the state court proceedings. So we're not gonna talk about what's happened in the state court, but what we are gonna focus on today is there was a recent board of inquiry at MARSOC that I went through In October and then for, so for the first time, that was a, a actually a blessing in disguise for us because for the first time we had some due process rights to information that we've been asking for for years. And it could be discretionary denied before if it was in a civil case, but in this case, because they was putting your career on the line, they had to give you at least some of that information. And so a lot of this is gonna focus on the board of inquiry and then a little bit on some government misconduct.


Okay. And I think you just answered this, but I just, I don't wanna miss anything. So can you comment on any of the ongoing legal cases? No, we're, we're not going to. We're focus on the board of inquiry and like I said, some government misconduct along the way. Perfect. Alright, so I just wanna give the audience a, this is super complicated what's going on here? So I wanna give a quick snapshot on what we're about to cover. So basically there was an icon Al-Qaeda raid conducted by the rangers, a hundred plus enemy killed in action. There was a baby found on target with fractured, with a fractured skull, fractured left femur and second degree burns on her face and neck from her mother blowing herself up running at a ranger.


Partner force tried to murder the baby because of her foreign origin. The Rangers brought the baby back to the camp, that means back to base where they were the ranger who saved her, killed Amir Omar, the A QIS Amir on the next mission, took a bullet to the neck and ended up being treated next to her in the hospital. And now we'll hear about the long story and still incomplete journey. Basically, you guys have adopted her and there seems to be a lot of custody issues going on in the courts. And, and that's what we're here to talk about today. So once again, thank you guys for being here.


Couple things before we get into the weeds here. I have a Patreon account, they're our top supporters, turned into quite the community and they've been here with me since the beginning. They're why I'm here and also why you guys are here. So one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. Okay. And so this is from Eric Alger, major Mast. Beyond the legal and ethical questions, this case has likely put immense strain on your personal life, your marriage, and your career in the military. What has this battle cost you personally in ways that aren't in the headlines?


And how have you reconciled those sacrifices with your sense of duty and faith? That's a great question. It's pretty deep. I, I, I appreciate it. I think I'm gonna reverse that. So I'm gonna answer it in reverse. So the way I've justified the sacrifice is, a, as an American, you, you're a constitutional officer, you're, you're sworn ups hold certain values and then we put it on that uniform. We go down range represent American values. And so to me, when you're acting in accordance with those values, the cost is not relevant. At least not. And, and this was a very easy, like a very easy call in the moment. The follow through has been very difficult. But I mean, from, from the rangers on objective to the medical staff who raised her and like really put their career on the line to advocate for her and, and, and to make sure she had a long-term safe solution to us, we're the public face of that now.


But it was dozens if not hundreds of Americans who were, who, who sacrificed along the way their piece. But none of them did that selfishly. Like we, I guess the best analogy I can, I can articulate is if you see a car wreck and a car burning on a side of the road and you go and help that person, get them out, you're not thinking about you. You're, you're showing, I guess, I guess you're showing sacrificial love in the moment and then whatever the follow through is is that's, that's just part of the, the decision making process. So through, to me is it has been hard. It has been, You know, strained in our marriage or stress constant work. 'cause as an attorney, like I'm thankful it was us because of the skillset I have that I can work as many hours as I can into the night and then I'm grateful.


One of my, my best friends, Han Wright is a, was a reservist in the Marine Corps and heard about this and he volunteered his time and he's fought with us like every step of the way when for a long time it was just us and him fighting against some mega law firms and some of this litigation and seeing those people like willing to sacrifice their time and money to basically put their name on the line and stand in the gap with us. It is just so humbling. So like there's, there are low points, but, but the people that come along during that journey have been just such incredible people. It's been an encouragement. It, it, it's honestly been an honor. Like it's been a fight and, and I, and I don't say that lightly a a literal fight for her life, but the, the people we've gotten to meet along the way have just been incredible.


Even like, like this sitting here and talking to you and being able to speak directly to Americans, regular people without the filter of some of this legacy media folks or spins or agenda, you can just say, Hey, this is, this is what happened. This is who we're about, this is why we did what we did, and we do it again. I, I think that would be the most surprising thing to people is like, we are extremely proud of all of the decision making we've made. And I, I mean, it it is, it is absolutely worth it, I guess, to, to see, to see her flourish and safe and home and loved and have a family and a life. We're, we're very grateful for that. Yeah. I don't know if I, I answered all of his, his prompts, but do you have anything to add To that?


I would say I, I would acknowledge, I think for there was a period of time just because we were, we were in a fight. We were like, we're okay, we're okay, we're strong. We, we've got this, we've got this. And as the fight has, You know, drug on for almost five years now, like the whole process, it, it has, I mean, I've realized we've come to realize that we can acknowledge that it has been hard or challenging and that it, it has put stress on our, our family life and just as we were average Americans raising young children, just trying to keep up, juggle normal life and then this on the side, You know, this as well. And so it certainly has been a challenge, but I think it has cha it's made all of us, including our children, grow through this whole process and that, and strengthen us in ways that I, I mean, if our honest life is uncomfortable at times, it's challenging at times, but it is making us rise to I think, a different level of working together and trusting each other that had we not gone through it, I don't think we would be as strong as we are or we're becoming.


And, and I would add one other thing to that is one benefit that's come from this is when you're, when you're faced with a lot of criticism and You know, it's unjust, but it, over time what you do is you look internally like, Hey, did I, did I make that decision right? Was I, was I operating am am is any of this stuff true? And having to do that soul searching and being like, it is just a nature of the beast of getting criticized for the first time really in a public way and, and going internal. I'm like, okay, this is my worldview. These are my beliefs, these are the facts. And especially in this ward, when you actually get to go back, that's the first time I've actually gone back and looked at some of the stuff in five years and you're like, holy cow, absolutely. We made the right call that we did the right thing and so did these regular Americans.


And it, it's just interesting. You're, you're almost getting gaslit on history of what actually happened and, and going back and having to go in granular details. It's, it's honestly, it's difficult because there's so much trauma when you have to go back and living it, especially with the fall, like, I cry like a baby every time I think about that period in my life and I wasn't even there. But, You know, you're connected with these people on the ground and you're trying to get vulnerable people out and you're trying to get your little girl out like last chance before the Taliban takeover. And so like a lot of that stuff reflecting on it is difficult, but it is absolutely reinforced like the paradigm that we made these decisions in and, and I'm excited to kind of talk through what those were. Yeah. You know, as far as the, the faith aspect or the, the question there, I mean, I know you both have a lot of fear that this might not turn out, You know, in, in you or your daughter's favor, but You know, the conversation we had right before the camera started rolling is that you both realized there is a bigger picture and then a lot of this stuff, a lot of the positive stuff would not even happen.


It's in God's hands. And, and so it, it doesn't, so kind of what I'm getting at here is it doesn't sound like it's really, maybe it's strengthened your faith Absolutely. Rather than it absolutely Has diminish it. Yeah. So I think That's, I I would a hundred percent say it is it, when you get to see deliverance and the faithfulness of God over time, it encourages you to, to just trust him for the future. And like, she should have been dead so many times over and we should have been crushed by the weight of this so many times over. And then it's always been just enough. And so we're confident however that comes, it will come and she'll be safe forever. I I would say sa absolutely put our face to the test and before, You know, before this period in our lives, we were cruising right along and things were kind of going the way we expected it to go.


And this has brought us to the very end of ourselves where, I mean, like with beyond us Yeah, beyond us, like our personal capacity. And both of us are pretty hard workers and determined. And so we, for the most part, we're able to accomplish what we put our minds to. But this has been, this process has been so much be bigger than that, that it's made us more reliant on our faith. And because we realize that we are not capable of doing it, It's, and to ask others for help. Like, we've learned that, like we've never asked for help ever. But when you're, when it's so far beyond you and you can't do it yourself, like that's like, that's one of my first things in life where it's like you, you can't, between the two of us pull it off, can figure it out, pull it off or afford it or like those types of things.


But then when you have so many good people come along and and help you through those, it just totally unexpected a lot of the times. And this has gained momentum now where, where it's more of a national news story, but at the beginning, people without any recognition we're we're coming in and stepping in and helping us and, and they have literally saved our lives and her life. Wow. So we're thankful for that. Wow. And then, and then before we move on, I just, I wanna make a couple things clear at the very beginning. And so this is a custody battle between you guys and who Well, so in reality, I think, Is it the Taliban? Yes. I Think it, so this is a custody battle between, I don't wanna overcomplicate anything yet.


Don't go all attorney on me. Don't. Absolutely easy to do. But this is, this is, this is a custody battle between you guys and the Taliban a terrorist organization. And so I just, I wanna set the tone here, the weight of this interview. That way it's right off the bat, people understand the importance of it. And so we'll go from there. Yeah. And, and I think that for people to understand, it's, it's essentially a Taliban Lane Gonzalez situation. That's how we've kind of boiled it down into a one sentence thing because we're not really litigating. It's these, these afghans that we've been in, in litigation with, because they wouldn't actually be in control of this child if she, if she was ever in their custody, there would be someone above them that would be calling the shots.


And, and I believe that's the Taliban.


As many of You know, life can be extremely unpredictable, which is why taking care of my family financially is the number one priority on my list. Fabric by Gerber life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family in your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel it any time. So there's no risk. Fabric is more than life insurance, free digital wills, access to investment accounts to invest for your kids' future and more and manage it all right. From your phone, join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply a and s minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's mefa.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices, subject to underwriting and health questions.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify, upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop. Pay boost conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


And then, well real quick, this will be the only light part of the interview I'm sure, but everybody gets a gift. Alright. Okay. Gummy bears, Vince ons lead, gummy bears made in the s just candy. There's no funny business' have to worry about, don't worry analysis. Okay. Don't worry, you're, you're gonna pass your drug test. Our, our kids will probably confiscate Them. Well, Sean, we actually, I I, I saw this, watched a couple episodes and saw the gummy bears, so we actually got a gift for you to kind of reciprocate. But this is, this was made by one of our community resource coordinator at marsoc.


Her husband does these for the Marines. He does a really great job. Oh dear. But this is a K bar, so I have a tradition at the end of employment to find someone that's impacted me and, and give my knife. And so I got this for you and the, the quote says, live for an audience of one And it cite second Corinthians five 10. And that was on my email sig block back in the day. And it's, it's more of a reminder to just do the right thing for the right reasons and with, with someone like you has such an audience. It's a good, it's a good quote. Wow. Maybe, maybe it'll make, thank you. Make the cut for the man cave. Hopefully. It's definitely gonna make the cut live for an audience of one man. That is man, that's fitting.


That's awesome. Thank you. Yeah, this is, this is gonna look awesome. We're actually building a new studio. Okay, good. Yeah, it's gonna be good timing. Yeah. This will be perfect in there. But we really do appreciate you giving us an opportunity And thank you. This means a lot. Thank you. Alright, so here we go. So tell me a little bit, just tell me a little bit about both of your guys' backgrounds. Okay. So Let's start with, yeah, let's start with you. So I never intended to be a lawyer. My family business is golf. My dad played the PGA tour for 40 years Champions tour.


I grew up playing golf. His, his, his father, my grandfather built a golf course when he was a child. That's how he got into golf. And so golf was kind of our family business. One of my, my brothers is a golf role. I played D one in college. I even played on the mini tours for a little bit outta college, but raised in a very traditional family. And I always wanted to go in the Marine Corps if I didn't do golf. And so we were actually married before I decided to go in the Marine Corps. I was working, I was playing some golf in the mini tours and in Florida and decided to, decided to try to go into the Marine Corps. So I was, oh, It was one conversation. We were driving a road trip somewhere. Yeah. And you were talking about the risk and Yeah, so basically like, hey, you wanna have a life that matters.


You wanna have a life that you can be a positive influence, an opportunity to lead and be led. And so the Marine Corps seemed like a good, good fit for that. And I was, I was thinking of either doing law school or the Marine Corps, mostly of the Marine Corps. And so I talked to her officer, selection officer for the first time on a Tuesday and they're like, call back next year, like, our slot are full. And I was like, no, I want to go in this year. And so they're like, and then I mentioned I, I had LSAT score and they're like, oh, the Marine Corps needs lawyers, but the deadline's Friday. And so it was Tuesday. They're like, you got any tattoos? I'm like, Nope. And they see you got any medical issues? Like, I don't think so. So they're like, okay, we'll show up at MEPS tomorrow at five and then come run your PFT and then we'll see if we can get your application in. And oh, by the way, you have to be accepted to law school.


So I actually applied and was accepted to the Marine Corps and Law School in that four day period. Oh My God. And then are you serious? And then I shipped six weeks later to OCS and I knew nothing about the Marine Corps and I just kind of s just did what they told me to do and stayed, You know, in the lane and I was fit enough from Wow. From professional athletics. What year is this? This was 2010 is when I went in the Marine Corps 2010. Yep. So it was a, it was a break from that and go, the golf has been great. Like they, they a lot of times will assign me to play with the general if I, if somebody's in town or run the golf tournament. So it's been a convenience thing. And I caddy for my father. Like I've probably done several hundred events on either the PG tour or the Champion tour as a caddy. So, You know, hiking with a pack was no problem.


I've done that my whole life. So it, it was a really great time though to the way to grow up with my dad and traveling and, You know, d different parts of the world and different parts of the country. So it, it's been helpful with my Marines to be able to identify, like a lot of times I've been to their state or their hometown or wherever. And so it's, it's been a, a big, I guess, icebreaker throughout my career, so. Wow. It's not your, not average, but very interesting. I I did you grow up in Florida? Yeah, I was born and raised in Orlando, Florida. 'cause of the weather mostly. 'cause it was a year round golf. And then my, I have five brothers, so I'm one of six boys. I'm number two. And so we grew up traveling 20 plus weeks outta the year with my father on the tour.


And so we had a, we had a big RV and towed a car and like state of national parks growing up and saw all the battlefields and museums And it was a great way to grow up like learning history by seeing the places. So, and my mom, because we couldn't be at home in school, she, she, she homeschooled us most of our, our like from probably third grade on. So I get, I'll blame it all on homeschooling. Interesting. That's what it was. Interesting. Did you guys grow up together? We Did. I was 11. I met him when I was 11 and he was 12 and just grew up together, family, friends and eventually high school sweethearts. But yeah, so we've pretty much known each other our whole life. Yeah. You guys have known each other since you were 11?


Yeah. She's the only girl I ever dated and I, I, I slapped the table pretty early and then it took her a little lot while to, You know, like me. But no, no, she, she's the only girl I ever dated. We've, we've been blessed, honestly. We just grew up in church together, part of the same youth group. It was a really close-knit group Community and just best friends. Yeah. Wow. We've been best friends for a long time. Yep. So, and she's put up with me, so I don't know if she should probably get looked at for that. Are you a golfer too? You know what? I have the head knowledge. I used to go to all this golf, golf lessons when we were dating, but I cannot play golf to save my life. So I, I did, I joined when he's got into CrossFit who drive, not, I joined him in CrossFit, so I had another way to keep up with him, but the golf course was not it.


So I was the cheerleader. I would ride along and watch him play. Right on. Right on. So when did you guys, when did you guys decide to get married In? So I was finishing up my last year of college and she was in grad school and so 2006, that's when, that's when we got married. Yeah. So we both went to Liberty. She worked, she worked for the golf channel or she worked for the golf channel when we first got married. And we traveled a year with my dad just so she could kind of see the tour and like we went to what, 38 states or something. That's a lot and Wow. Driving, so, wow. Yeah, we got to, we got to really know each other at that point. Right. When you've been driving on I 40 for, I dunno, 1200 miles. Yeah. Going coast to coast. What are Your master's degrees in?


Communications and mass media. Oh, good. And photography, So. Oh, nice. Yeah. Nice. Perfect. Which she was finishing up during my deployment to Afghanistan in 2019. So I don't recommend doing master's degrees deployed. Yeah. Deployments and yeah. Thesis projects. Raising the kids. Yeah. That's Interesting. What, and so what is, what is kind of, what is the home life like now with, with five Five kids? Five kids, four boys, one girl. It, it's as crazy as you would imagine. And, And it, It's loud and very, You're a stay-at-home mom. Yes, I am. I am. So full-time, full-time. Stay at home mom. And there's never a dull moment. We have no wallflowers in our house, so they're all very big personalities and very confident.


We joke that's the mass confidence that they just, they're all very confident and determined and I mean wonderful kids, but definitely they keep me on my toes. Are they, what are they, what are they like doing? Are they in sports? Are they involved? Yeah. Are they homeschooled? They are now. They are now. They're all Homeschooled. Yes. Well, originally they were going to private school, but with all of the travel that was required with the litigation, it was either we couldn't take them outta school that much. And also just for security concerns and everything, we decided to take them home three years ago. And so I never envisioned myself being a homeschool parent, but here we are. And it's, it's been good. It's made us stronger as a family and come, I mean, you have to live with each other.


You're around each other all day. Yeah. So it's great conflict resolution and learning how to get along and it's, it's been a good process. Do they like homeschool? They Do. I was surprised. They do, they probably, because they know that once they get through their school, then they have more free time. So there's, that's a, that's a pretty good motivation. But they're older. Two play lacrosse and then the younger three play soccer. Oh wow, Cool. We have a pretty strong church community too. And then with our, in our neighborhood there's a lot of Marine family. So like, there's always neighborhood kids. There's, there's like eight or 10 kids in my backyard every day. So yeah, We have a house loaded with Nerf guns, so we're like the cool boy house. So old neighborhood.


Yeah. The swings in the backyard so the kids will come and congregate. So it's, it's very loud at our home. It is Cool. Yes. That's awesome. So you're the hangout? Yes. You guys are the hangout do Yes. For the neighborhood. I Think every parent tries, strives. We saw the good ones strive to be the hangout. They wanna be the hangout. Yeah. We try to keep it in the backyard as much as possible, but You know, there's a Lego room upstairs and like, it's just, there's a lot of, a lot of children. Yeah. We're thinking about, I we're gonna do the homeschool thing. We talk about it all the time. We don't know what we're getting into, but if you guys can do it with five then we could do it with two. Absolutely. Go For it. So we could go home. Yeah, right. One at a right. We can grow along with it.


Yeah. Yeah. Do you guys do the co-op thing at all? Is that No. Oh, we Haven't yet. I mean, we've thought about it again 'cause of the traveling, we haven't been able to commit to like that type of a routine yet. But we're, You know, I I think everybody evolves through the process like, hey, I can do it better this year and, and try to incorporate new things. And we've, we've done that. Sports have been great with, with the boys and the little ones. My, my four year old's starting soccer this year, so we're really excited about that. The other two have played a couple of seasons, but he is ready to go. Like he's got the cleats. He's, he's, Yeah. Enthusiastic. How Long, how long have you guys been homeschooling? This Is our third year, so, and we do it online format, so I don't have to do the grading or the lesson planning. It's all done for me.


So I really, because we, we literally, I mean life was happening so fast at that time between the traveling that we were doing for the litigation and we moved and then started homeschooling like all within a couple month period. So we needed something that was very just, just open it and go. And so that's what we've been doing and the kids like it. So what, what is the most challenging thing about homeschooling? Well, I'm a very structured person by nature. So for me personally, it was because they were going to school beforehand. So the school, everybody that was the structure. So all of a sudden for that to be put on me and all, I mean, I pretty much adopted the same rhythm as a school, but me setting the structure, that was a learning process for me.


And then also just juggling, bouncing ba back and forth between eighth grade science and then kindergarten reading and phonics like that can bend your, that can be a little bit cha challenging, switching back and forth in between different grades and modes at time and answering questions. But I'm, I'm getting the hang of it still. She's good. Right on. Are you involved in this too? You're pretty, I eighth grade math is this? Yes. I, I do math in the mornings before I go do, to go to work with my, my oldest and then I do pe very well. I'm, I'm an excellent PE teacher when I get home. Right. So Right on. But I, I'm a cheerleader. I, I I'm humbled by how much work she puts into that. Wow. It's, it's a, it's like for moms out there who, who who are are, are home.


Like that is the hardest job that I could possibly imagine. Yeah. So on my hats off. Yeah. For her and, and other mothers out there. And so how much are you guys traveling for the litigation? It Slowed down a little bit, but it, his in as far as the traveling goes. But as far as for this recent board of inquiry, that was a grind for months of prep. Yeah. Like it's like having a second and third job. Yeah. Outside of like, you do your normal job and then you, You know, stay up late or get up early. Well In the nature of your work that you don't have your Devices. Yeah. And we're, we're in a open storage environment so we don't have cell phones or personal computers, so it really, all your phone calls or whatever, you have to go outside or you have to do it outside of work hours if you're meeting with attorneys or meeting with, You know, advocates for folks trying to help you.


It's all outside of work hours. So it kind of takes up, it sucks up your bandwidth for family and other extracurriculars and so we're looking forward to getting through this on the other side to be able to, to have like a little bit of peace. Yeah. Normal. Yeah. Yeah. And how long has this been dragging on? It's been since the fall of Afghanistan, so since 2021. Wow. So four, four years. And, and really it started in 2019. So for me it feels like I'm about to finish up my deployment to Afghanistan. Geez. It's been a five year one. So we are, so this, this all kicked off in September of 2019, so till today. So, And you had mentioned, you had mentioned you brought him into homeschool 'cause of security concerns.


What kind of security concerns are you guys facing? Well, the, because of the, this kind of false information operation campaign in the media that's out there, the Taliban called us out by name, put us up on their website, made a little video about it. Yeah. It's, it's unique to see some, You know, terrorist spokesman like da da da in your name on national television. Oh yeah, we've seen it. I had to hire a whole security team 'cause of this shit. 'cause 'cause of the, the the withdraw thing, You know what I mean? Or not the withdraw thing, sorry, the funding, the, the US I don't know. They decided to fund the Taliban 40, $87 million a week.


Yeah, I I saw those episodes with Sarah Adams and just unbelievable. I can't believe that that Americans would even think like, how does that even cross your mind? Yeah, yeah. After what these, what these people have done for 20 years and oppressing their own people even not to mention, oh by the way, we've been fighting them for 20 years. Yeah. Do you guys have any, do you guys have you guys Yeah. Any protection. We moved, we sold our first time. So when, when our first, when our, our address became publicly available through some of this litigation, we moved, talked to the, actually I remember this 'cause I talked to our NCS rep and I was like, hey, the, the, this, this is a child from a, a named objective raid and this person who brought her to the US was talking to the Taliban shadow governor.


And then he said he had Taliban in his phone before we brought him into US lines at the airport for evacuation. And then I watched him flag on the watch list and I've got some security concerns. And so our force protection officer, this is what he told me, he's like, well you should, you should dial 9 1 1 if you feel threatened. And so I was thinking I would get a little more from that at a, You know, like how many other people in the command have gotten their name put on the internet by the Taliban? So I was, I was expecting a little more there, didn't get it. So we decided to move, we sold our home, which is great 'cause it helped pay for a lot of the early litigation. And then we, our second home address got leaked, but we're in a pretty, we're in a, we're in a cul-de-sac where we got good visibility everywhere.


So we're very vigilant, very, our kids, we put up a fence, I'm a Marine, we have guns, You know, It's just, I I mean You you basically self-help has been our, that we, we are on like with the local law enforcement, they know if we call 9 1 1 from our house, they're not gonna send a regular unit. They're gonna send a SWAT team. So like we've taken the precautions that we're able to with our current financial situation as much as we can. But yes. Do we, are there people that drive by and take pictures of our house? Yes. Head Recorders show up at our house On announced, do reporters come knock on the door? Yes. Do crazy people know, You know, can know where we live. Yes. So all of those concerns and, and, and obviously I think with the veteran community they could understand Yeah. Why we be concerned about that.


Yeah. Let's move into, so let's move into your, what were you doing as a, as an attorney in the Marine Corps? Okay. Mentioned targeting in your Yeah, so I like every judge advocate in the Marine Corps, we start out and you, you build MOS or military occupation specialty credibility by doing a trial bill. So I had done my time in the trial shop about two years and I had done, while I was doing that I had, I had as much as possible to try to be involved in operational law, which is where my interest lied, which is advising commanders in like the law of war and rules of engagement and targeting. And so I got the opportunity to be the Marine Corps representative at this, the Army JAG school in Charlottesville, Virginia.


And so there's a section there called clam, which stands for the Center for Law and Military Operations. And what they do is they're kind of like the after action reports and lessons learned across the spectrum of operational law. So there's domestic operational law for like disaster relief and such. There's human like non-combatant evacuation ops targeting. And so the Marines portfolio in that section is the joint targeting process, collateral damage estimation and civilian casualty response. And so when you get there, you go through all the training in those disciplines to understand those. And then you're dealing with, you're, you're finding marines have deployed with the MU or deployed to Afghanistan or deployed to Iraq or Syria.


And As they come back you are capturing those lessons learned and then you're publishing and disseminating 'em. And one of the things I did, I was an editor for what they call the, now they call it the National Security Law Quarterly, where we collect all that, that knowledge and spread it across DOD in the different judge advocate communities so that you learn from those experiences. And that's, that's actually what I was doing in Afghanistan in 2019 when I deployed. I did a very short trip in 2018 to sit with like at, at Camp Alpha and Camp Vance and watch some of the targeting going on live and talk to 'em about like, Hey, what are you seeing? But, and then the other thing I would do is I would instruct at the schoolhouse during operational law courses or sometimes they'd have other legal communities ask you to come in and speak on operational law.


So explaining to, for lack of a better term, baby jags, You know, what is, what is the joint targeting process, what is collateral damage estimation so that they have credibility when they go in front of a commander and get an operational billet. Wow. Interesting. And so what, what, what unit were you attached with in Afghanistan? How, Okay, so, so the, the, in 2019 when I deployed, I was attached to the Resolute support US Forces Afghanistan Judge Advocate's office. So it's the senior attorney for all of Afghanistan. Okay. It's a colonel sitting on top of probably 10 or 12 attorneys. But he's, he's responsible for all of the attorneys in Afghanistan. Okay.


He's administrative Chain. Okay. And the incident is Operation Starfish? Correct. So that's not the actual name of the, the op, but that was a code name we had had for her amongst the medical staff and the Americans trying to help get a safe outcome for her, As they called it Operation Starfish. Okay. Okay. Alright, let's move into the, to the operation, your attachment to it. Let's start right there. So I guess you should probably back up and talk about what happened earlier in that year with the, the deployment was supposed to be earlier in the year. Yeah, so it was fall of 2019. We knew that the deployment was coming up, it was gonna be short, but still just, You know, with kids and family life, we were anticipating trying to gear up for it.


And then it happened earlier than anticipated. So I was in my final semester of grad school working on my thesis project. And you found out that you were going to go so personal, You know, like on the personal side it was not the best timing in the world, so I, I felt like I was scrambling trying to get ready to, You know, hold down the fort with three young children and be ready for you to go. So there was an intense time. Yeah, she was finishing up her master's degree. So it, it happened off cycle for us. Like it was, it was a short deployment 90 days, so not a big deal. But I landed on the ground in Bagram on September 6th, 2019, which, You know, I, I learned that out for the course of, but that is exactly like down to the hour when she was getting lifted off the X by the Rangers.


And that, when I learned that two months in, I had goosebumps 'cause it's like wow, wow. Like what are the odds that you land at the same time? So September 6th, 2019 sticks in my head because that's when I, I got to Afghanistan the second time at about two in the morning when we landed from Kuwait. Wow. Yeah. So how did you get attached to this raid? So what was it that, what was it that you were doing that you got involved in this? So, so I I I, I can tell you exactly where I was. So we were, as an office, we had a, we would go and, and and have dinner together at the dining facility. And I will never forget we were walking to chow and my colonel's like with probably eight or 10 attorneys.


And my colonel, the senior attorney in Afghanistan is like, what the hell are we gonna do with this baby? And I was like, that was very odd, You know, like I'm the new guy, right? I just got there. You're like, what baby? Exactly. I was like, what baby sir? He's like, oh, well some, some special operators hit an Al-Qaeda training camp And it was really bad and they recovered a baby and we're supposed to figure out what to do with it. And I was like, geez. And they're like, does that happen often? I don't. So I mean, did they just kill everybody on target? Well, I mean, it, it depends like, I guess, but we went through it, it was a hundred plus dead. They, they had, they did a very good job of making sure that no alqaeda leaders left.


Yeah. Those structures. It's not a hit on 'em. I'm not saying No, it was bad. Oh no, no. I'm just telling you, they they were very thorough. And so, so it was kind of just by the, by that we'd first heard about it. And I remember at the time, 'cause I was worried my wife would be upset, I was like, well sir, like what, what's the concern? And they're like, oh, well it's foreign child. We've talked to some of the NGOs like ICRC and such and they're saying that the, the situation in the Afghan system at the time wasn't safe for foreign children. And so we gotta figure out something like a safe outcome. So it's like, well sir, like if there's nothing else to be done, like, like as a last resort, like we'd volunteer like, oh I've got two kids.


Like what's one more? Like don't leave a child here. If there was an option and he was like, oh sure, we'll see. Like, You know, it, it was more just like a gut reaction. And what I came to find out was everybody had that reaction from the Rangers on the objective to like the medical at the Ford surgical team that treated them all when they first got off the golden hour, all the wounded and, and her, one of those guys had volunteered, one of the civil affairs officers had volunteered. There's a list of Americans like, hey we're, we'll, we'll step in and, and and take care of this child if there's no other option. How old is the baby? So we didn't know, we just were told baby, we didn't know the gender. Nothing like, it was just baby like weeks bad, bad mission months.


We came to find out that she was a, between six weeks and two months old, like somewhere in there she was malnourished. So it was hard to say the exact age. They Said about 45 days old. So she had a, a medically estimated birthdate in July of 2019. I actually, we had to come up with some, and so in the office when we were doing this for her birth certificate we're like, Hey, who's got a birthday in July? And somebody's like, mine's the 24th. So hers, her birthday's July 24th because of that, that Marine who says like, so he knows who he is out there. He's a, he's an uncle honorary. Wow. Wow. So did you run this by your wife at all?


I was actually concerned about that. So, 'cause wait a minute. So how did they pick you? It just kind of happened and I can go into it, but, so I called her off cycle. Do you wanna tell that part? Yeah. So he calls me in the, And it was the afternoon my time and that was not a normal time for him to call. And so immediately just, You know, your mind is racing, why is it calling me in the middle of the day something happened. And so I picked up the phone urgently like, You know, are you okay? Everything good. And I, I'll never forget, the first thing he he said was, he's like, honey, he's like, there's this baby. And, and I remember I was in the kitchen, I just stopped and I was like, and I, I could tell by his tone that something, this was significant. There was something.


So he proceeded to tell me that there was a, a baby recovered off an objective, You know, parents were killed and they, You know, they don't know what they're gonna do with this baby. And so I had a similar reaction to Henry. I was like, well we will volunteer. We we can do it. You know, we, we will, we'll we'll help we will and take the baby if, You know, if there's nothing we can do, there's nothing can be done if she doesn't. At that time we didn't know if it was a boy or girl, but like you can't leave a baby there. And so he is like, well, he's like slow down. He's like, I'm glad you said that 'cause I already volunteered. And he's like, I'm glad to know we're on the same page. He's like, but You know, they're gonna do a family trace and there's a long, You know, it's a long shot. We're just, You know, we'll see how it plays out, but good to know that we're on the same page.


And so that's pretty much where we left it, that first conversation. So, so what happened was we, we came, came to find out through these daily standup briefs. So our, our colonel briefs, the general, the force are in charge of all of Afghanistan every evening. And so in order to prep himself for that, we do a standup in the mornings with each of our disciplines saying, Hey sir, this is what's going on. And, and you give 'em a a two minute spiel on what's going on in your section. And so we would get updates, Of course it's an office like a bunch of Americans in in, in a shop anywhere. If there's something interesting you, you're, you're queuing into that. And so the guy handling this was originally an Air force judge advocate and his specialty was not operational law.


And he had advised the commander like, Hey, we just, it's an Afghan decision, we're gonna, You know, tell them and make whatever they say. And so I had heard, You know, indications and warnings in the shop like that they thought she was foreign and that it was injured in the hospital. And then we found out that it was actually a little girl several weeks in. And when I'm listening to these briefs and hearing the legal advice, there's for, for context, there's a little bit of a disparity amongst lawyers about what the appropriate role of a legal advisor is. And what I've been taught in the Marine Corps is that our job is to give a commander legal maneuver space.


So we give him his left and right laterals on a decision like here's your range of options, sir, that are legally supportable based on my, based on the situation I recommend X. And then you stand by and you flute smartly when he, he makes his decision and he can accept risk anywhere on that spectrum depending on what his objectives are and what what he believes will support the mission. And I, I think that's the proper role of a legal advisor. But I think sometimes with inexperienced or people with a, with more of an ego into it, we'll we'll paint commanders into a corner and say, Hey sir, like the only legal supportable coa is X because that's what they think. And I, I think that's a mistake. I think it's really up to the commander to take on that risk and, and take on the appropriate level risk based on you briefing in his space.


And I really think that's what happened here is this guy had said this was the option. And when I'm sitting here, like as a, as a curious young Marine captain, like well why do they say she's foreign? I don't know. You know, well why are, why is she in the hospital? I don't know how old is it? You like basic questions that you would think you'd need. 'cause a lot of times your legal advice depends on the facts. And so I kind of stepped in, it's like, like, Hey sir, can I, can I help you? 'cause he outranked me at the time, can I help you with this? And so I really got involved by trying to get information, like factual information to make a better legal advice for a commander so he can make a safe decision.


'cause it really wasn't just, You know, let's see what the Afghans say. 'cause we wouldn't do that. Like, like for example in Syria you would never ask, like if you had a German or French or British foreign fighter's child, you would not be like, Hey let's leave them in an orphanage in Syria. Right? You would try to repatriate them. That was like, we, we do that like especially with ISIS from so many different backgrounds. And so it was trying to get facts for decision makers. And so I got sucked in like that. So I had reached out to one of the other marines in this joint environment 'cause it's not very many Marines was the civilian casualty coordinator for US forces Afghanistan. And so we, we had met once or twice and You know, 'cause of the Marine Corps thing we're we're, we at least knew who each other were.


I was like, Hey man, what do you got on this baby? And so he sends me a kana from the joint task force operating under task force 20 to, to stay up in the clear. And so I had worked with them a little bit on my previous tour descent comm for targeting Washington do targeting. And so I was like, holy cow. Like, and so it's a very developed con op with all of the, the basic intel that supported this strike. And it was very clear that this were foreign fighters and exactly where they were from and at the time that was all classified and where were they from? So the, the intel that we had was, they were from Turk Stan. And that this specific 10 digit grid compound was a repeat sending foreign fighters of different nationalities and they were feeding 'em into the accounting network and Taliban victory units or Taliban red units to, to work, You know, fight against us.


And so they were, this particular group happened to be from Turkmenistan and we had that high fidelity, it was the, one of the senior leaders in this group. It's, it's called the Turkistan Islamic party. And we all that had that properly declassified through the foreign disclosure officer of us four A at some point in this process to help inform decision makers about the fidelity of where exactly these people came from. And and since then we've, we've actually had numerous conversation with the rangers who recovered off objective and like there is literally nothing to contradict that in US government possession. Wow. It's unbelievable that we're even having this conversation. And I have to say like, where is she from? Because to me you have in, in Afghanistan in 2019 you're, you're what, 19 years into the war you have developed humid, you have developed sgin, you have all sorts of assets for the JTF.


Like it's, it's getting to be winter time. So the fighting season's winding down. So they're chopping most of the assets to the JTF to use. Right? 'cause they're still hunting terrorists 'cause they have a counter terrorism combat mission. Right? They're there to kill Al-Qaeda Haqqani network and senior Tiffs. And at that time, interestingly, the president, I think the next day, I think September 7th, the president had sh canceled the peace negotiation with the Taliban because they had, they did an attack in the green zone that killed an American Green Beret, a staff sergeant and a Romanian NATO soft. And he was so appropriately incensed that they would do these sorts of attacks when we're, we're in good faith negotiating a reduction in violence to try to get to a solution for Afghanistan that he canceled their flight and turned him around.


They were gonna meet at Camp David that weekend and announce the, the peace deal. And he, he shut that down and turned it around. And I distinctly remember that because in the opposite intelligence brief for the four star, there was a, we were trying to bleed them back in the negotiating table. And so like, they were just, the body count went significantly up after the president put pressure on them to punish 'em for what they, the, that bad faith. And it, it was a very distinct shift in the optempo and task force was, was really doing a good job at that. I I, I did a joint casualty assessment team, I think on September 11th. We went out to the west in Harrah and we picked up an ODA team in, pushed 'em out west and they had already had a SEAL Team out that way and they were just going after people.


It was impressive. Wow. So did you, what do we call your daughter? Mic Drop hosted by former Navy SEAL, Mike Ritalin. It's raw. Any Single time that you left the wire, you could lose four guys. It's unfiltered. That was The most horrible screaming I'd ever heard. Taking a hit on the chin. You want to pay It back? It's tough. Talk from the top minds in their field. Would I choose to not do our duty as military fighting men? No, I would not make that decision without question. Mic drop, follow and listen on your favorite platform.


No one knows music. Like Rolling Stone, senior writer Brian Hyatt talks the biggest music news from the biggest stars. Almost Everyone is teaming up on Drake. It's like Drake versus the world. Yeah. You first met Prince, you were driving for him before you were drumming for him. That's correct. Stevie Wonder, You kind of have to understand how Stevie Began White radio. That's what the money was. That's what it still is, You know what I'm saying? Rolling Stone music. Now follow and listen on your favorite platform. So what what we decided for this is to, we had called her Sparrow because it was a, it was a, we didn't know the gender at the time, so why don't you tell that?


So a couple weeks in, like he mentioned, we get our very first photo and it's, we call it now, we call it The Baby in the Box. But, and that was the first time we learned the, that she was a girl and got to see her for the first time. But up until that point, when I got that initial call, and I debated whether or not, I mean the, the boys were early or they were pretty young at the time, I wasn't gonna really tell them that much. But I was so impressed that there's just like, there's this child out there that is in limbo. It's future, it's fate is in limbo. And so I remember one night, I, it was a Wednesday night and I was putting the boys to bed and I mentioned to them, this baby, and I said, we need to pray for this baby.


And I didn't, I, I didn't know Of course the name or anything. So it's like, there's a song like an old hymn that's his Eyes on the Sparrow. And so we decided to call it Baby Sparrow. And so we would just, You know, when I tuck the boys in, in bed at night, we'd pray for Baby Sparrow. And it was a, it was a good shift for myself because I, and the early part of that deployment being that I was trying to wrap up my degree and everything, I, I was kind of like, oh, how am I gonna do this? And I was focused on myself. And then all of a sudden when I heard about this baby, it and just really, 'cause Joshua would call, when he would call me, he'd describe just what was going, what he was seeing with other children, You know, when he'd go out outside the, the gate And it was eye-opening that, You know, here I am safe at home with my children and that there are millions of children in other parts of the world that are not guaranteed safety or a roof over their head or food.


And so Baby Sparrow was something it gave us, it gave instantly shifted my perspective off of myself and, and there was this innocent child that, and that, You know, this whole future was at risk. And so we, we, that's where Sparrow came from, was not having a name or knowing anything about it. And then a few weeks later is when we saw the photo, when we realized she was a girl. And was This the, is this the photo of her wrapped up in a box? Home Depot Box? Yeah. Home Depot Bon Box. 'cause they didn't have any baby. Like we're, we're at a combat trauma center. Right. And so these, these young Americans who serve in those positions, the medical staff there, they cobbled together as much As they could to make her as comfortable.


She, 'cause she's, she was in a huge amount of discomfort with her, her fractured skull. And she had a, a fractured femur where they had actually put a rod in to repair it and like burns on her. And so, and she's like 45 days old. Exactly. And We're putting this photo up on screen right now, by the way. So if you're listening you can See it. So you can kind of, it's blurred out, but you can kind of see her, her left skull is swollen there. That was one of the reasons why we were trying to get her back to the States quickly, is we were trying to get one of those little cranium skulls that you could kind of reshape it and you couldn't tell now 'cause of her hair. But like there was, You know, and then our experience with PTSD and like TBI from, You know, Marines and soldiers going down range and getting IEDs, You know, I have a lot of experiences as a judge advocate, like working through that, like making sure people are checked out for that stuff when they get back from deployment.


And does that have any, does that have any play in their misconduct? Like those are things that commanders just consider and that we advise on? So I'm very familiar with like the long-term concerns for TBI and so I mean all of those things are present and then we're, we're kind of gathering information. Like I, I mentioned earlier we got the, the concept of operations from the, the ranger companies that went out for that mission. And we were also able to get the tactical interrogation report from the detainee that they picked up off objective. And there's actually one off of this objective. And then some Raiders had done a, a co or a simultaneous mission on the same network to kill the same night.


And so they had also picked up some detainees. And so we were able to get a lot of like captioning material with Al-Qaeda fighters, Chinese looking with flags very consistent with what they were trying to target that night. And they even captured the, a video from a terrorist device in this building of the deputy Amir of that Al-Qaeda group. Like he's, and he's currently Inca or it was in Afghanistan in 2022, in 2023 timeframe. So like as far as the fidelity of, of what, who was occupying this structure, You know, they had brutal close combat for over an hour and a half room by room clearing. And I'll, I'll kind of go into the story of what we have learned about what happened that night in a minute.


But basically, so in these interrogations, did they get the information that they were from Turk Stan? Yeah, so, so I had worked with the regional exploit, regional exploitation center at Parwan Prison with some projects for General Miller. We were working on detaining prosecutions on how to speed that up. So we had to study from intake on the objective with, associated with or ASW that were picked up with an objective from a task force mission. What are as ws like associated with, so like people on the objective like military age, males on the objective with targets. And so, You know, they, they put their puck around their neck and where they caught 'em and take a picture of it and or their, I think that's a person under control or place of capture.


I can't remember what the acronym stands for, but there's a little bag that goes around their neck where they take a picture of 'em. Yeah. And what they found with them. And then when they put 'em in the bird and take him to par one prison, 'cause that was the terrorist holding facility at the time and there was more than 5,000 like terrorists in par one prison. When I visited that in the fall of 2019, it was about when the, the Haqqani three were there. 'cause we, we toured it and we're studying like soup to nuts. How do they, how do they bag and tag these guys? How do they prosecute them under the like counter terrorism laws that we had helped the Afghans put in place. Like we met with the judges, we talked, we sat with Task Force 20 and like, hey, we need these type of information when you, You know, to able to successfully prosecute these and speed up that process because they're basically clogging the prison with so many people that they were getting.


So because of that ex that project I had just done, we were able to reach out very easily and get those tactical interrogation reports. And this detaining, he was like, yeah, I brought these people, like he identified the photos in that we'd captured on objective as the people occupying this structure. And it was the 10 series. So like it's the primary target where they expect the, the detaining to be or the, the objective to be rather. And so the mission was to get to cap killer capture three named objectives, which were senior leadership in this Al-Qaeda group. And there was a leadership compound, which was the 10 series and then about up up an elevation to about maybe 80 meters away. There was a, a larger compounds that were conjoined and had fighters in them.


And so they were expecting more kinetic up there And it actually was very kinetic. But I I, I can get into the story I guess if we want to. Well, You know, so how long was the baby girl sitting in a Home Depot box wrapped up? Well, so they started, so one of the issues was a fiscal law issue is can we, can we spend us taxpayer dollars and buy baby stuff? Like not really. We don't have a lot of authorities for that. So a lot of the medical personnel started to volunteer and like purchase stuff off Amazon and purchase stuff off the local economy. And we were able to spend, I mean Even that when I was there, it would take a month to get something from Amazon. It it was, and so they were just cobbling stuff together and just doing whatever they could to take care of her.


And what were they feeding her? So they had, Did they even sell baby formula in Afghanistan? They They did, yeah. They were able to get some stuff off the local economy and around, around Ken Hart airfield. And that was some of the issues that we were working as a shop. And that's why I kept filtering up in the standup brief. That's where you guys more information was Kandahar Airfield. She, so she was originally picked up, she was golden hour flighted to Tarran cot and, and the, I think eight or nine guys required surgery off the objective and her were operated on to stabilize 'em and then they were evacuated to the nearest role three in Kandahar. And so she was there for about a month and then they, because there was, it was clear indications that she was foreign and because no one had come forward to claim her and they decided to move her to the, the Joint Theater hospital at Bagram, which had a larger footprint and be able to determine what's gonna be her long-term outcome.


But they were, there was talks about putting her in the French hospital. There's a French hospital in, I believe it's in Kabul, it may be in Kandahar, I can't remember exactly, but there was talks about putting her in a civilian hospital basically, but that would require funding and we didn't have a mechanism to pay for that. There was, there was different NGO run orphanages or I think there was a few state run orphanages they were talking about putting her in and it, it boiling back down to, well if this is a foreign child, it would be better for her to repatriate her to her country of origin if we can get fidelity on what that is. And so that's really what drove this like fact gathering mission that we did. But once we got the tactical interrogation report and the guy said, yeah, I brought these people here from Turk, Stan, these were the documents of the compounds and you're looking at Al-Qaeda flags and PKMS and AKs and you're looking at all this captured material from the objective.


And then we had even gotten a few like five W'S emails. So I think I provided that where it for the, for the audience to look at. But there's a email that they declassified for our board of inquiry that is the joint task force assessment that, that says, You know, she's very likely not or is very likely foreign. We'll put that up on screen right Now. And it says the father was throwing grenades and shooting at the assault force. The mother was killed in a barricaded shooter incident and that the family and most of the village had moved to Afghanistan solely to wage violent jihad.


And, And it, that was the paradigm. Like that was the baseline for US forces on the military side of the house. Like no one even question that they would refer to her as like the Uyghur baby or You know, the Al-Qaeda baby because it was, it was just not even a question. That's why there wasn't even a, normally in these types of things with anything in the military, you do an investigation, right? Like how did this happen? And you get fidelity on these things. It was such strong intelligence. They didn't even do that because like task force told us where they came from and, and we even had, I, I don't know if it's in, in the materials that you all have that were released yet, but there was, I distinctly remember the task force SJA saying, Hey, if, if you need more than this, we have more on, on yellow on ts.


And we never had to because it was so clear in the stuff that we had declassified. And so now looking back, it, it was actually an even more kinetic fight than we'd even realized once we talked to the Rangers and got them to testify. I mean, have you ever heard of this happening? Have you ever heard of No. Like this is, I've never heard of a unit bringing back a baby. Yeah. Well and I think that speaks to the in extremists, like how bad it was on the subjective. Yeah. Because I mean, you think there's Just such a unique situation is what I'm saying. Like I've never, I've never absolutely, I've never, I've never brought a baby back. I've never, I've tons of friends.


Yeah. And, and tier this Tier three units, tier two units, never brought a baby back, never heard of this. Well, and and I think that as, as the audience, like here's what actually happened. They'll understand why these guys did what they didn't. Honestly it was heroic. So And so, but hold on before I just, we'll get into that. I just want to get clear my Sure. Clear out My questions. Yeah. So, so how did, how were you the one, I mean you said all these people had volunteered, you talked to Stephanie about it. When did it be like, when did it, when did it get narrowed down to You're the one Okay, so You're the one that's gonna take it Not For a while actually.


So September 6th, 2019 is when this mission goes. It takes a couple weeks. Like we thought that she'd gotten turned over or the the baby had had been turned over and then we found out, no it wasn't. There was back and forth. 'cause the Afghans kept saying we don't have capability, which is not uncommon like it's an injured infant. Like that's nothing to be ashamed of, it's just the facts, right? And we'd done that with other like, types of logistical support for the Afghans before, You know, from munitions to strikes. You know, you, you provide that support to enable those, You know, partner forces. But for a baby we're trying to make sure that they had a safe outcome. And so again, I had told you like we get updates with these standups and asking basic questions and then providing those informations to decision makers.


And it became more and more clear that this is a foreign child and that wasn't the only legal legally permissible koa. And so I went back to this Air Force major and I was like, Hey sir, like we need to go back and brief the two star, like, like what we know now. 'cause we, we had a significant amount of information that we did not have before. And it there kind, the attitude was kinda like, oh, well I already kinda made a big stink about having to tell the Afghans, 'cause they weren't gonna tell them in the first place, we're just gonna do the right thing and take care of the child. And he had made a big stink about telling them. And then they were like, we can't, You know, we don't have capability. And, and he didn't wanna go back and brief this two star. And I was like, why?


I don't know. Like I, I, this is not judging, I'm just saying like that's what happened. I don't know why. I think he felt like he had already made a big deal about having to tell the Afghans in the first place. And then when we had fidelity on that she was not Afghan, he didn't wanna go back and, and correct that brief to the commander. And so what ended up happening was I started to look at research, okay, well what are the risk factors? You know, again, like you make legal advice based on facts. So if the commander executes and gives this infant with a fractured skull and a fractured femur to an Afghan institution in 2019 Afghanistan, what does that look like? That's what I wanted to know. Like, and I didn't know, like I, I was new in country, I hadn't really studied the, the the environment like for children in Afghanistan.


But I, as I'm researching on the embassy's website and the, You know, the state department's got a lot of like formal reports to Congress of these types of things like trafficking in persons or the risk factors in Afghanistan. So I'm pulling like agency level study reports to Congress and it's scaring the bejesus outta me. It's saying that there's systemic child sexual abuse in every province in Afghanistan. There's, there's even a, if your, if your audience is familiar with bocce bazi, there's a, a practice dating back thousands of years in that region of dressing. And this is somewhat graphic if there's children listening, but dressing up male children as females and they, they dance and they, they they sexually molest these children.


And that was happening systemically. And You know, to be honest, I I had, I had been trained like, hey, there's child, like there's child molestation is is is part of the culture. This is how it is there, it, it is how it is there. And, and I'm, and I'm not saying that's for all of Afghans. I I've got one of my best friends is an Afghan and like I've, I've got so many friends that we've gotten out through the evacuation that it's very common. It is. So there's, there's good and and bad people everywhere on earth And it, but in, in this particular location, there's some evil people. And one of the things that bothered me is that we were advised by State Department like, oh, that's not illegal here. Like it's just, You know, gotta make deal with it. And for a decade you have American service members who have put, You know, some of these people in power and having to, to allow child rape on our installations and saying it's just part of their thing.


Like you can't do anything about it. And like that mentality to me is just the antithesis of what we should be about as Americans because that's wrong everywhere on the globe. And we came down ranch to represent this uniform. And if we're enabling child rape on our basis, that's not a hard call to say, Hey, this is wrong. We're gonna lose moral high ground. How are we gonna have the moral high ground to intervene as a country on good causes if we permit evil when we get there? And, and so in 2019 after that, however long we've been in Afghanistan, finally through our influence, we changed the law in Afghanistan And it became illegal. And do You know how many people they prosecuted that year three? And in our office we did the leahy vetting.


So if there was allegations of gross violations of human rights, we would defund that or defund a percentage to that Afghan unit, right? And so we were getting these reports at the operational headquarters of Afghanistan from all over the country about some checkpoint that was killing another checkpoint over who, I mean who would rape the T boys that weekend? Like that's the type of conversations we're having in the office. So when we're talking about foreign girl, baby, right? And then I'm researching these reports talking about that, that even some of the orphanages traffic children, and then I think Stephanie touched on this earlier, I did nothing dangerous in Afghanistan. Like don't, the only thing that we did outside the wire was we would go outside of our compound and we would process claims.


So if we had a ground movement and they, they, they damaged a jingle truck or they ran over some livestock, they would do a message in a bottle and throw it out the window to whoever the property they damaged. They wouldn't stop because you could be a target and that message would say, go to this gate at RS headquarters at this time and on this day and we'll, you'll can present a claim against the US government and we'll reimburse you for the damage. And so we would process those claims. So we'd take our TURPs, we'd go outside, You know, the checkpoint and we would interact with local Afghans that had had some sort of damage done by US military operations. And so I was very, You know, you can be very familiar with the culture and like, hey, this is a $20,000 cow. And I'm like, I don't think so.


And, and so I had to negotiate down to a reasonable outcome. But one of the, the interesting things about that is you would interact with the local street children as you go outside the gate. And so the first time you go out, you're, you're, you're buying their little bracelet or whatever trinket they're selling and you're trying to help 'em out as much as you can and like be friendly. And so I, I distinctly remember this one boy, he was exactly my son's age. He was like seven and like really like a handsome little boy, like, kind of like my kid, different complexion, but but just like filthy dirty and like in this, in this environment. So this particular kid, I try, he, he was, You know, ask him for money. So I gave him like a buck and I watched him go over to his owner and like give him that dollar, like the guy who owned the kids for begging.


And I realized like, there is nothing you can do to help this kid. And so like after that we would just get 'em disposable like food or, You know, stuff from back home. Like give 'em, give 'em a lollipop or something. Just something they could consume right then and no one could take from them. 'cause if it was anything else, they would take it from them and, and they would particularly get kids with like scoliosis or like kids that were more sympathetic to beg Yeah. As we did that stuff. And so that's kinda the context of like evaluating the safety concerns for an in, in a tribal society. I Mean they used these kids to kill people too. I mean when I was there they would, they would, they would fill up their bicycle tires with explosives and have 'em ride up to the gate or ride up to a convoy or ride up to personnel and then they would, the kid doesn't even know that the bicycle tires have explosives in 'em and then they'd blow the kid up just to kill, just to kill an American.


So that's, that's, that's who we're dealing with here. That's absolutely this is who, this is who you're in a custody battle with a A a. Absolutely. And then that's the, I mean, not to mention, You know, there's videos of this stuff during the Afghanistan withdrawal. When, when, when that fiasco happened, we had, we had mothers who were trying to throw their babies over razor wire babies are getting hung up, caught in razor wire dangling because they didn't make it over the razor wire. You, you have babies being killed right outside the, right outside the walls of the, of the airport where us controls it.


Us didn't do shit about it. You know what I mean? And, and these people are trying to, they're, they're hanging on the side of an airplane as it's taking off. I mean, because of Taliban control, because they know what's coming and no, no mother is going to throw her baby over, try to throw her baby over razor wire. I mean there was malt, there was babies everywhere just hanging from razor wire that didn't make it over. I mean, it's, that's who we're dealing with. That's who you're in. So I want everybody to know that's who you're in a custody battle with. Oh, absolutely. Did, did mega law firms are interfering with who want your daughter to go back to that, that's who we're dealing with?


Well, I think there's, they've done a very good job at twisting the narrative because I think by and large, the larger American public, we don't, they're not aware of the atrocities. Like what, You know, service members have seen on the ground what life is like actually on the ground in Afghanistan. Most of the American public doesn't know that. Yeah. And so it sounds very judgmental or it sounds like, oh, you can't say that or no, that that, surely that can't be true. But the reality is, reality is, is there's a very ve big difference in the value of children. Like it's, they they have a very different perspective. Well, I mean, but this, but there they do now because that shit hit national news.


I mean, Tyler Andrew Vargas painted a very good picture of what that looked like during the Afghan withdrawal. And it, and, and the footage is everywhere. We'll roll it right here. I mean, just so everybody can see, can see what, what that was like. Well What I would add though is that the attorneys that we've, what we've dealt with, they make it sound like we're, what would you say? Like, like we're almost like we're making it up. Oh. Like it's simple. Like, oh, like it's a conspiracy. Well, And and I feel bad for them, even the opposing attorneys 'cause they have no idea the reality of what they're doing. Like for a real little girl, like what, what's been such a struggle through all of this? Who The fuck fights this shit?


Like who are these attorneys So Spineless fucks? Well, I I think that they, they like, Seriously, dude, you're gonna take a fucking five, 5-year-old girl and send her back to that shit for your fucking paycheck. Well fuck you. I I think in their mind that they're gonna keep this, what they're gonna give back to how Do they justify it to themselves? Because I think they think that she's gonna stay here. They think that she's gonna have this nice little pick fence life with these afghans here. And what she, they don't realize is they, people are proxies, are, are puppets of the Taliban that have their family in Afghanistan. Do you really think that they put marines families on national news and then don't know who these people are or how to touch 'em?


Like absolutely not. Like this is, that's why we've saying it's, it's really a Taliban, Lincoln Gonzalez situation because she's not going to stay here in the United States if we lose custody of her. And these people do, they're gonna put a gun to their family's head and make them go home. And then whatever the Taliban says is what's gonna happen to her. And she'll, You know, she's not gonna go to college or marry who she wants or grow up to be who she wants to be. And You know, that is, I, I don't know If they don't kill her For my dead body. Like that is basically like we have all, we, from day one, we have said, based on everything in US government possession, all of our intel, our billion dollar intelligence gathering apparatus in Afghanistan says X we sent helicopters full of special operators to kill these terrorists.


And, but the US government can't figure out where she's from. Like, gimme a break. Like you, you have this information, we've had it all along and you've had people like us, just regular Americans at the ground level saying, look at the information. Like if you, if you watch this video of these rangers in combat with these terrorists, like they're heroic. They're doing what we, we task as American people to do kick down doors and, and eliminate these terrorists from the face of the earth. And they were doing that. And I, I I, I cannot, I cannot express how much appreciation we have for that. Like you, You know, you, you, you're raised in America, you're, you're patriotic. You, you care about service members, like thank you for your service, that type of thing. But when you read what these guys have done or you hear like when it gets out from behind, 'cause there's a lot of non-disclosure agreements, there's a lot of stuff that you don't get to talk about, especially with the special mission units.


And when you actually dive into that and you get to see some of these, these experiences they've had unbelievable, like heroic it, it's humbling to be able to read some of the stuff and talk to these guys. And so, So so when, when did you, we got a little sidetrack there. I'm angry but I, I just, I'll never un I just attorneys man. Sorry but I just, I just cannot I'm with you. Imagine what it's like on the other, how the fuck do they sleep at night? I I just don't, I don't get it. But so at what point did you find out she's gonna be in your care?


Okay, so probably fast forward a couple months, she's been under US care at Bagram. Doctors and nurses love her, obviously try to make sure she's safe and recovering and all that. We are trying to get more information for decision makers. And then there was a real problem with classification. So we have some NATO folks who don't have a U US secret clearance and we're working with NGOs. And so some folks at the embassy that it's not easy to share how much we know. And so at, at one point I sat through a meeting where they were going to use our general's influence to make the Afghans taker like end of story, like here your problem.


Like kind of like an operational, like it's a distraction from operations. Afghan problem. Let's just make, make them taker. And so that was gonna happen and I was like, I went to my colonel, I was like, sir, I was like, I don't think I can sleep at night. If we like close her eyes and say that she's not gonna get like, best case scenario, she's gonna die of neglect. 'cause You know, you're talking about cobble, which is like Denver, it's a mile high city. It's, it's fall. So it's gonna be cold. There's no heat in the orphanages, there's no running water, electricity in some of the, like there's a few nice presentation facilities in the capitol that they showed all the NGOs to get people to donate to the system. But in reality, in most places, there's nothing, You know, there's very little infrastructure, there's no medical care and like, and this is a kid with a fractured skull, like holy cow, how, how do we ignore as Americans, like the big us us how do we ignore what's actually gonna happen?


And I have no problem with killing terrorists like her parents died in combat with our guys. No problem with that. But, but we are about protecting innocence. Like we believe like even our worst enemy, it's not that child's fault that their parents were terrorists in a foreign country or brought them there to to, to wait shiha. And so it was, it was about getting that information to the right, the decision maker. But I I got off track. Your question was how did we get involved? Is we, we appealed, I I went to my authority. I was like, Hey sir, can I try to create a legal path to the US for this child? And he was like, oh sure, knock yourself out. You know, like I, You know, appreciate where you're coming from. And so, so I got authorization. So he didn't Take you seriously?


He, he, right off the bat, he, he wasn't not serious. It was just such a crazy Yeah, like Gordian knot of, of a problem set. Like he, You know, there was just like, he, he didn't mind someone trying to take a crack at it. And so I, I went back to my, my chew and I call or my, my housing unit and I called Stephanie and we were just talking about this like, how are we going to advocate to, to change the US policy towards the kid and not just ignore, because at that time we ran a lot of important things in Afghani. So the airspace, the borders, the infrastructure security, we provided those things. And so if it was important enough, we would, we would execute.


And so our, our goal was to make her life that important. And so what so to Add, so that, was this the initial conversation? Well, no, this is second. I know there was initial, the second One is second big conversation I'll never forget because it was once again the afternoon odd time. And I, I think I was doing a school part where I was like photographic or something and where he was talking back and forth like how do we elevate this? Like how do we, that we're going to, we have to get, You know, enough attention on this for some on a decision to be made. And that's when you said, Well I was like, we are gonna have to get this to the president. Like it's a policy decision. Ultimately it's does the United States value this child's life over operational convenience?


And, and so in order to change the four star, you'd have to, I mean like nominally the four star his staff, you'd have to get the US policy to change. And so we're like, who can we? And and like it's been so funny that we've been portrayed to the media as like politically connected, pun all. I'm regular, I'm a captain in the Marine Corps. We are very by the book for the most part. I'm a judge advocate. Like I'm very like by the book. And so was like, how do we change US policy? And and we had a time hack 'cause I believe it was a Thursday and they had a meeting scheduled on a mon the next Monday and they're gonna dump, dump her with the Afghans who'd already said we don't have the cap capability. And so You said, I just remember that that line, you're like, we're gonna have to get ahold of the president.


And then we went and I was like, I was quiet. I was like, okay, how do we do that? How do we do that? And, And so I did two things. We I was kind of on the phone googling like who's got children in the military? What, what, who, what politicians or whoever, like somebody who might have influence. And I just so happened to see the, the, the vice president some was a Marine and he was a captain. I'm a captain. And so I, I just drafted up an email saying like basically like, Hey dude, I'm down range. I need an assist on this. I think it's, You know, here's the situation, here's the five W's. I think it's wrong that we're doing this. Like I made the moral and principled argument that this child's life was at risk by our actions that were basically based on a policy decision.


And so we shouldn't do things when there's other options that could hurt kids. And, and I would say that's true across the board. It was particularly true in her instance because You know, I I I think all of the evidence shows that she was a foreign Al-Qaeda fighter's child. And so we had options. So you got this to JD Vance? Well no, the it was, it was Pence at the time. Oh, it was Pence. So, so it was Pence's son and then, and and honestly to his credit, like he, he was like, Hey, I'll help. So he, he got that to his dad through his, I believe through his mother Katie Vance was a Marine. Yeah, absolutely. And there, there is a bond with Marine Marines. Like, You know, it's just like if, if you're in some of these special mission units, You know, other services, there's, there's a bond there. And he absolutely came through for And it protecting us in life and, You know, we're forever grateful for that.


He, he got that through And it was like a bolt of lightning. The vice presidents reached out, directed us forces Afghanistan to make every effort to bring her to the states and act in the child's best interest. And that was testimony from a colonel in my board of inquiry that that happened. That, that he was directed by the four star who had been communicating with the office of vice president. And so we changed us policy. Like, and so we thought that's all it would take. Like I thought done like safe, she's safe. Like now we're gonna start working towards a good outcome. And, and honestly we kind of like, it'd be kind of unique or, or it'd be a great opportunity to be able to be the, the one who got to take care of her. But like, there were so many other people, I didn't even think that was a, that was gonna happen.


I I just thought she was gonna get to the states. She's gonna be fine. Yeah, She was gonna be, and so I remember asking you, I was like, what do you think the odds are that, You know, she, we we would 10%. Yeah, it was smaller than I think it was like 1%. You said something really small that we would actually be able to, but We were happy that, that she was safe. Yeah, because the, because the, the po the US policy changed distinctly. And I got yelled at a little bit, but not too bad. My colonel was like, I'm flexible, we'll roll the ship in the other direction. And, and he was a good person about it. He actually signed a, a birthday card saying like, congratulations on your new baby, You know, and he signed it like the vice president or something. They, this is my award, my end of tour award from Afghanistan. And they put it, the colonel put it on the back said, don't make me call the VP again.


And so it's, it's kind of funny. So how bureaucrats like to like paint reality, You know, like, oh you major mass, you went and, You know, hid and like nobody knew and if only the US government known they'd shut this down, that's just a lie. Like we were talking directly with the vice president staff and with the director of US Citizen Immigration Services, the head of the humanitarian affairs branch. Once the vice president and US policy changed, our office worked as a shop to accomplish that directive. And I was a part of that. And we used that information, declassified it to inform our Afghan partners and some of these NGOs like here, like, trust us, here's the pictures. Like we showed them the math a little bit about what we knew about the fidelity of her origin.


And, and so from there we, we thought it was we're golden. Like she's gonna be safe, we'll see what happens. But nothing like, oh yeah, we get to, You know, adopt a little girl from Afghanistan. Nothing like that. It was a child, an innocent life. I'd have done it for any, like we didn't know sight on seat. I thought it was blown up child like no idea we were what the condition was expecting it was gonna be handicapped. Yeah. A child with special needs. Absolutely. We were prepared. And so what really changed that was the embassy and like we talked about heroes and villains and this story, our first villain, and I'm not not necessarily trying to judge her, but, but I have a very distinct disagreement with her worldview and her practice. The deputy chief of mission at the embassy, I was on the email chain from a senior state department official back in the states who was working with the vice president's office and working with some of the president's staff to accomplish this.


They, I said, well we're gonna need to coordinate with the embassy, right? 'cause we're we're right next door in Kabul. And so she cold emailed Ambassador Bass informed him of the situation and he said, okay, we're gonna sign this, this deputy, or I think she was the acting deputy chief permission at the time, the number two at the embassy to handle it. And so we're like, great. Like, and then there was a meeting set up for two days after that. And so that was October 23rd, 2019 is when that meeting occurred. And what's, what's so funny is I've been accused of, of fraud for knowing there was known family in this meeting that we had with the, the, the embassy.


And the reality was is that we were supposed to brief the, the embassy on the intelligence that DOD had. And I stayed up till like three in the morning gathering all this stuff and calling it out and making sure it was like chopped down to like the, the bare essentials to know like what's the name of the guy in this building? Who's this guy in this photo that we got off the objective, who was the target? Like where does he fit in this Al-Qaeda network and like what is the fidelity we have? And so I had two binders in my hand, one for the deputy chief of mission and one for our two star action or our operations officer. And we were gonna brief the embassy, what we knew. So we show up at this meeting and for lack of a better word, they ambush us.


So there are Afghans in this meeting where I'm supposed to talk about US classified documents and to explain to them how we know where she's from and that she's a foreign child. And at, and, and with all the concomitant risks associated with that in the Afghan system at that time. And not the first words that have her mouth, but very close to the first words out of this, this deputy chief mission staff is now that she's medically complete, how soon can you take her to the Afghans? So this is two days after the vice president of the United States sets us policy after the four star is like yep, act in the child's best interest and try to get her back to the states like US forces Afghanistan and DOD is stepping out smartly on the administration's policy.


Like I admit that we advocated for that like totally as a captain, like we were just, we were trying to inform decision makers, but that was US policy. Like Absolutely. And they were directly insubordinate to what the administration told them to do. They were trying to make it a fe of complete. Like she was already gone out of US custody before it got traction and they had oversight. And so they never ever why I had why that? Well We eventually found out why in the board of Inquiry. Oh, that's true. Five years after the fact. Yeah. So, so my, my deputy SJ is a Navy commander at the time and he went and was like, tried to make things nice for the embassy after this meeting.


'cause I, I basically was like, are you tracking that this child has a fractured skull? Like, and so the Afghans like, we cannot take a child of these capabilities. And there was some chatter about like, oh the, the Red Cross might have been able to, might have located some family. And what what actually happened was because of the classification levels, the NATO representative was a Dutch civilian and she helped deal with like children caught in, in conflict. Right? She was an advisor on that. And she had said, oh, we might have found a, an uncle at, at Parwan. And I was thinking that's odd because Parwan is like a hundred miles away from where this actually went on. And I was like, can you send me that traffic? And so she sends me email traffic of a name and a alphanumeric code that I recognize as a detaining number.


And so I I actually had pulled that number and was gonna brief them that, no, that was not an uncle. This guy said that these were foreign fighters. He actually described his like discussed for their features like ugh, like had mimicked like throwing up Yeah. In his interrogations. Like, like these people are disgusting and wow. And so like the fidelity, it was so crossed wires for these folks without a clearance that that's why we went and declassified it in the first place. So it took about a week after that. So now I now I realize why. So the yeah, now I realize what it's, it's gonna take a minute to get to when you found the moment. The moment. Yeah. Well, well that was the moment that I was So I don't wanna rush anything. Well that, that was the moment I was like, oh, they don't care about facts.


Yeah. Like I didn't realize that it wasn't about this child or the truth. It was about whatever political convenience there was. And, and I think that centered a lot around the peace deal. Jeez. Let's take a quick break. Yeah. And when we get back, we'll we'll talk about the on target. Okay. Andrew's on target and, and what sparrow went through. I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated As I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us.


And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


All right, Josh. Stephanie, we're back from the break. And so we want to, we want to talk about the actions on the objective. The night of the raid, the night of five, September, 2019. We already know there was a hundred plus Al-Qaeda killed that night. The rangers did the hit pick it up. Well, I, I think that it's important for folks to understand the, both the medical concerns we have this story, what it, what it, what should stick in the, in the audience's mind is this is why we were concerned about her long-term medical care and also why we were concerned about who exactly was going to come forward and claim her at any point.


Because we're talking about intel that's saying hundreds of these foreign fighters come back from Syria and settling in Afghanistan and task forces actively hunting and killing them. And that's the prelude, that's the context to what this mission was. And so our concern was if we don't properly vet whoever comes forward, she could be back on the x on the next objective and not make it. And she barely made outta this one, which you're about to hear. But, so I think it's also important before we go into the stories, how we know this. So we had the alpha team leader and the multipurpose canine handler come and testify. Their testimony is in evidence at our board of inquiry. We also had the colonel from that was the action officer in the Pentagon on Lily's visa or on her visa, come and testify as well at the board of inquiry.


So a a lot of this stuff is eyewitness sworn testimony, but he just for for ease, I'm gonna kind of talk you through like the story of what happened. So it's, it's period of darkness, five to six September when we operate, we own the night, right? And task force goes out on a mission to capture or kill three named objectives. They are uyghur slash turkistan. There's different names for that kind of ethnic group that are an Al-Qaeda branch. And, and one of their boutique specialties for Al-Qaeda is they run some child training camps in Syria and Afghanistan and Pakistan. That's all open source. And they had been part of this group that had left Syria and come back into Afghanistan.


There's a, there's a un report publicly available that I provided so they can see that of where these people were and what they were doing. So rangers get tasked with doing this And it's, it's a pretty large hit. There's two company size elements of rangers on the objective. And so the primary compound of interest is what they call the 10 series. That's the priority target. And then the other companies hitting this, this other target, or I'm sorry not company, I meant platoons. There are two platoon size elements are hitting this other compound. So you execute undercover darkness, they infiltrate with, You know, one train feature away outside of ear earshot.


They execute a march in to surround the compounds and isolate them and they succeed at that. Like it's quiet on the objective. They maintain the light noise discipline, they surprise 'em. So the first thing they do is, You know, call out surrender or die. They go through their escalation of force TTPs, nobody responds. And I mean, I, I think the best assumption, You know, in retrospect was that they were arming up and putting on their vests and getting ready to go. So they continue to escalate force 'cause there's no response from the 10 series. And they, they breach one of the compound walls to allow them to kind of gain situational awareness of what's going on in the compound.


And there's some other ways they have of, of having situational awareness that we've been asked not to disclose, but they start getting voices and seeing movement inside. And so the first glimpse, the multipurpose cleaning on handler sees her is her dad has her and he's using her as a human shield and he's got an AK and he's engaging the rangers at the compound entrance. And he's trying not to shoot this baby while he is killing this terrorist. And he's shooting, this is Sparrow. This is Sparrow. So the shoe's, the first, first one of the first things they saw. Wow. So like, it was about an hour and a half into the fight that they actually recovered her.


But the, in the first initial stages is when they saw her. So they, then they exchanged grenades. So the ranger vividly described a grenade rolling out and he, he sees it at his feet and it, it was like so motion for him, it was like a homemade explosive, it was just unique. And he covers his dog and yells grenade. 'cause they're all stacked up at the company. So did they kill the guy? They don't, they don't know that was using him this time. They killed everybody eventually. Yeah, but they don't know if he was, they don't know. So he, so they, he sees a grenade, yells grenade covers his dog And it goes off and he's the closest to grenade, but he isn't hit. His buddies are, so I think they picked up three or four casualties initially from fragmentation.


And one of the things that, that they said saved their life was it was mostly homemade explosives. And so some of 'em only partially detonated. He said he wouldn't be here if he stepped on a toe popper and going around the building with his dog. What I meant was The human, the guy that was holding sparrow was a human shield. Did they kill him right Off the bat? Not, no, not right off the bat. So they, they roll grenades back in at, at him and he reemerges without her throwing grenades out. And so they have a, an exchange of grenades and there's some sympathetic secondary explosions inside the structure. And we're talking about a, a small like family size compound, not like a huge open space. So it's, it's pretty contained and they have it isolated with, You know, machine guns and it's, it's pretty open terrain with a little ravine where they had, they had approached the target through for cover like a river.


And so, so they have both of these structures pretty isolated with good visibility. And so they continue to room by room clear this. And so they're, they're breaching these people. People are fighting to death even with their family members present. They, they told me that they were detonated grenades with their, like children present as they're clearing these structures room by room. They have an Afghan partner force with them that is helping it to some extent, but it's mostly the rangers most room by room, by room clearing these structures. And so as they're in the first or second room in these structures, it goes really kinetic up the hill at the other compound.


And there's, if you can envision, like there's a, there's actually a map tip of this they put up on the screen, it might help, but the north compound in the 2030 and 40 series, which has been declassified and released properly. They were breaching the center structure and they, the breach As they were stacked up, set off an HME cache And it went sky high. Like I had multiple like rangers. They've been on five or six deployments of the Middle East since the largest explosion I've ever heard. And they described the chemical taste, it immediately just flooded the area. They thought it was a, like a booby trap where they actually had to test it to make sure they weren't contaminated and could return to base, but they thought they were dead.


The alpha team leader, I, I has a lot of 'em have lung damage from breathing that stuff in. It was that pervasive across the, across the target. So there's a gun fight down here that's pretty kinetic up the hill. It's getting really kinetic and the bullets are going out over their head into the trees. And like you're hearing at Wsn, they're both using Carl Gustav to breach and to engage different targets within the structures. But when that HME, that homemade explosive cache went off as amo name nitrate, they had multiple rangers buried. 'cause the compound wall collapsed on them As they were stacked up.


And so the dog handler and the platoon sergeant and whoever was available to that could be, You know, least engaged down at the 10 series, ran up the hill to dig out their buddies under fire to get them out. They actually had two guys partially paralyzed from that incident. And so they're, they're already getting cash US casualties. Ultimately they had, I believe nearly a dozen US rangers casualties and about the same amount of partner force casualties. Geez. So like we're talking about a super kinetic event to the point where they're calling for fire from some assets they had available to suppress and to kill squirters and that, that type of situation.


And so the multipurpose canine handle, there's a more senior ranger and he had a little bit of freedom of movement 'cause he's, You know, make sure there's no booby traps, et cetera. And the breaches are clear for the, the rangers to engage and breach these compounds. So they're doing their, they're they're doing their room clearing and they're experiencing barricaded shooters where they're, You know, shooting at the guys, entering the room, throwing grenades, setting off vests over and over again through this compound. So I think, I think they had about four or five barricaded shooters in the, the, the compound of interest where they thought the native objective was gonna be. And we're talking about humin pointing to that second, pointing to that lots of soak with ISR assets over the last couple weeks.


And it's been a structure historically used for years as a way point for Al-Qaeda or foreign fighters flowing into the, the area of operations. So as they're working their way through this combat, they're, they're into the last room where they think this guy's gonna be, or they're getting down to the last couple, You know, rooms left hour and a half of room clearing and it's still going kinetic up, up to the north. So they, they actually ran out of breaching explosives. And so they used the Carl Gustav gun up on an elevated position to do the last breach. 'cause they were assuming that all the entrances were fouled 'cause they kept running into IEDs, like implanted in the walls or toe poppers in the ground.


And so the rangers took shelter on, on the far side of the structure while the Carl Gustav gunner. And for your audience who, who doesn't know what a Carl gust, it's a, they call it a goose gun, but it's like a bazooka. So it's a, or an RPG for lack of a, a better descriptor. So they blow a hole in the compound portion of the compound where the last roommates and they're getting RPK fire from this compound. And that blast kills that guy that they believe was her biological father and blows his body into the compound. And the, the dog handler de vividly describes like making sure he was dead, You know, look peeking in, making sure he wasn't moving, making sure he was dead and that he had like his, his little like man jams and a like ak bandelier on his chest and like distinctly Asian facial features look like the target is what he described under oath.


And then he, the first time he sees what was her biological mother is, he describes her running from the room screaming bloody murder. And he's oblique off the corner to kinda get an angle at the, the, the new breach they just made in the wall. And he said that she got about 15 feet away from him and then partially detonated. And so she had a vest on. She had a vest on. And, and the, the, the, the alpha team leader described it as maybe also kind of like cooking off almost like the maybe fire had started to set it off. But he said it partially exploded as she was running at him. And so she didn't die immediately.


She had, he described over pressure wounds, so almost like a pop without the frag. And so she, he said she was mangled, but he dragged her behind a burn 'cause they're still getting fire from the surrounding structures. 'cause, 'cause the two compounds were kinetic, but they were getting fire from surrounding buildings from other fi fighter contingents in those buildings. And that was confirmed later by the detainee that who was like, a lot of those village buildings were, were housing Arab and other nationalities. So he drags her behind a berm and the first thing he does is like his training, he strips her down to make sure, You know, see where she's bleeding, see if they can plug the bleeding first, then tries to create an airway. And it's just pretty graphic of of her, her, her coughing up blood and bleeding out, basically there's nothing they could do.


Took, she died in like two minutes, but he strips her down. Strat tried, they, they tried to save her after she tried to, she had a suicide vest on because she's still alive. And what he noticed was, 'cause they have to strip him down, that's standard practice to make sure there's no bleeding. He noticed that she had the signs of giving birth, like she had an enlarged breast and a, and a displaced stomach. And so in his nods, he's, he's like, he does this and he saw her for the first time moving Sparrow and he said that there was some fire on the structure from the KG round. And so it was pretty well illuminated in his nods. And he saw something moving And it caught his eye and he found her. And so mom expires pretty quickly, he gets the baby and at the same time the Afghan partner force is clearing the last room in that structure and they get engaged by another female with an RPK and one of their guys gets shot and they, they just exfil and they leave their guy in there.


And so he's like, get back in there and get your guy and like kicking them back into the structure to get their guy. So they kill that other female fighter, get their guy and come out and he's got the baby. And they're an, so the Afghan platoon sergeant from the KKA partner force, he's mad. They're like, don't, don't bring this baby. Like, like, like fucking throw it in the river, like let me shoot it in the head. Like we don't want her to go be a foreign terrorist in our country. And like, and he's coming back As they exfil off the objective and they had to do that with call for fire 'cause they're getting effective fire.


So these Afghans on the objective, they know she's foreign. They're, they don't want her to grow up in their country and they're mad at our guys. And can, can you imagine having your own guys bleeding? You got two paralyzed dudes at this point on stretchers and you are walking wounded in a casualty collection point. You've got a baby that's like, she was this big, like so tiny when I met her and that was weeks afterwards that I met her. But they have the moral courage, not even a question. Like we're not, do, You know, we're not doing that, like ignoring them, resisting them. And they even had, I believe they'd handed it off to their female engagement team or whatever so's version of that is. But they had to take 'em back and, and have positive control because they, they were so aggressive in wanting to, to dispatch this little girl on objective.


And like, that's the part I don't think that, You know, regular Americans know about this brutal civil war is that there's a lot of bad things that happen and You know, they, they kind of, they were kind of very, the rangers were very sensitive about telling us these things initially. Like, Hey, how much do you really wanna know about this? But we felt like obligated to at least be able to pass that knowledge on at some point of what happened. And You know, and, and it's such a, such a contrast between what's actually the, these lies on the media. Like this was not an innocent farmer. Our guys got blown up and shot and had brutal close combat with like, committed terrorists who were totally fine with killing their own families as long as it meant obtaining their ultimate objective of fighting us.


And these guys kept pressing on even with wounded like di like talk about a textbook soft raid like with, with the dis even with casualties pushing on through the objective. And then one of the, one of the underscored documents that I got released was it says that structure was de destroyed in accordance with J-T-F-R-O-E. That's like the understatement of the century. Like they deliberately made sure that no Al-Qaeda operatives were walking outta that structure when they rolled off the objective. And so I am very confident based on like the ordinance and the assets they were dropping on that thing that no one was alive when they left.


So they literally saved her life. Well also add what he testified the dog handler testified. Oh, so, so he said he was asked at one point in all this like, what do, what makes you remember that night? And he said, I think that's the first time I was able to put a face to what evil looks like seeing what he saw that night. And that just struck me because when he, he didn't find out that, that that sparrow got out and was safe in America until years into this. Wow. And it was actually with a Google photo drive that some of the doctors and nurses put up of all her photos from retirement in, in, in the hospital with American forces.


And he commented and he said, I have always wondered what happened to that baby. He goes, I'm so happy that she got out. And, and so it's just been such an honor to be able to share her life with these people whose, whose decisions were probably instinct, right? But to honor that instinct for our guys. 'cause how rare is it that that someone would bother, right? No one would've said boo if they left her. No one has said boo if they let the Afghans do what they want us to do, kill her. But even with their in a gunfight with their blood up and their guys, You know, You know, in the heat of the moment with their guys on stretchers, they still had the instinct to protect innocent life.


And I mean that is just, it's what it's all about for, for Americans to be able to have that a warrior who can still live out our values, like that's rare. And and they displayed that that night. They, they pushed through the objective, they achieved their mission and like it's, it's honestly heroic stuff. But I, I guess they, they actually got a little bit of flack for bringing her back 'cause they're like, what, what are you doing? Right? But when they explained the situation, like they got authorized to pull her off objective and she gets out. And so we didn't know a lot of the details until years later. But we at the time at the operational headquarters level, we were getting like indications of warnings like, hey trust us, this is really bad.


And so that was one of the reasons why we're digging into from a s j's perspective of like what happened here, this sounds bad. And, and trying to inform decision makers to make a better decision of a safer outcome. But I actually did a lot of research at the time with this specific alqaeda group. Like where do they come from, what are they about? What do we know about them? And there's a lot of open source out there. Bill Gio with the Longow Journal, with the foundation for, for Defense of Democracy. He has a lot of articles about this specific group. And what was so interesting is as time went on is there started to be like this incident happened on September 6th, right? And I told you the president had canceled the peace deal.


Well then there were some more reports about these tur Pakistani foreign fighters in Afghanistan to the point where the Taliban in early December formally said that those reports are false. They're like, there are no tur Pakistani foreign mujahideen in Afghanistan. So they specifically disclaimed this group that she was living proof was operating in Afghanistan in December of 2019. So all that in the backdrop of trying to get them back to the negotiating table and trying to get the peace deal back on track, that's a strategic, their this child's existence, this group's existence in Afghanistan at that time was proof that the Taliban were not abiding with their, You know, commitment to not let Al-Qaeda operate outta Afghanistan.


And I think we all know that now. Like I've seen so many shows with, with Sarah Adams and others experts talking about Al-Qaeda running free in Afghanistan. But I I I think there's a lot of evidence they never stopped. Geez. So she was probably, what, four weeks old? Yeah, I I think they said six weeks to two months, like somewhere in there. She was very small, she was very undernourished at the time and so they stabilized her and like I said, they moved her to the main theater hospital and she stayed there for five months. And how many injuries did she have?


I mean, just going through all those blasts alone. Well that was what we didn't know at the time. And we had found from the hospital when I reached out and asked like, Hey, what do we know about the injuries for this child? 'cause we were trying to build a picture for a commander to decide like what are the risks for her? And so, You know, obviously with the fractured skull, You know your TB I injuries and was there any software damage in there and will that impact her development? And then with her leg it And it still impacts her walk. And so the question was as she develops, how will that, does it hurt the growth plate? Will she be able to walk normally? Would surgery help with that? Those are kind of the concerns that, that we were worried about. And and then also just cosmetically trying to make sure that that got reshaped while her skull was still soft enough to mold it.


Those were some of the things that, the questions we were asking both professionally and then as we got to be like the person on the seat who had to volunteer to, to get a visa to the US for her, those were the questions that we are arranging medical care in the US for like specifically to, to evaluate and treat those concerns. I mean how is she now? She's five and a half now. Is she, did any of those blast injuries Stu? So, so fortunately it looks like her brain is fine. That was our biggest concern we had, we'll get into this a little bit later, but when she was in, You know, when she was outside of US protection, there were reports that she was shaking her, her eyes were twitching, she was shaking and we were very concerned that those were seizures.


It sounded like that's what it was describing. She's been hospitalized several times in the US to the point where like they took 'em a couple days to stabilize her for, she's some severe allergies to all nuts, a variety of things. Nuts, especially almonds and peanuts where, where she has like anaphylactic reaction to it. And she also is very asthmatic. So we, You know, she has an inhaler for a daily use and for emergency use. And like I said, she's been hospitalized I think two or three times for exposure to something. We don't know necessarily what triggers it all every time, but we, You know, she gets hospitalized for it and she can, she'll get a reaction where she's almost like drowning 'cause she can't expel the air from her lungs and socially like it, it sounds like she's puffing and she came from the, the, from asthma.


I I have no idea. It could be from, I guess that's possible for me. You had mentioned some kind of toxic Yeah, from the ammonium nitrate. That's actually, I never even considered that, but the rangers have had lung problems from that, so that, that makes perfect sense. I never even put two and two together. But, but regardless, like I think if you reflect on how many times her life was this close to death, it's just staggering. 'cause I mean she's got an old leg wound here from Shrapnel and she's got some more shrapnel down her leg. But I mean six inches higher on a baby that's only, yeah, that's this far and you bleed out, she's got a skull fracture that if it's any deeper, she's dead. I mean she's got, You know, a little bit of the left with a kg round and you're done even with the Afghan partner force.


Like if, if these guys weren't committed to protecting innocence, she she'd be dead. Like honestly, if she didn't get, I, I am not confident if she had gone through some of the medical emergencies had in the United States that she'd have survived if she'd remained in Afghanistan. And then, I mean I think the, the elephant in the room is with a Taliban and can charge after 2021. What type of life is that for a little girl? You don't go to school, you don't go outside, You know, do you get to marry who you want? Then none of those things can happen for her. So we're so thankful for, for the Americans who have saved her life at those points and for the ones who got her outta Afghanistan. And we will get into that a little later in the story.


But how does she interact you, you today? Well we, I was case in point the other day, a woman that I knew at church actually. She, she put two and two together finally that, You know, like she's my daughter and, and kind of hearing about the situation, she's like, that's her. 'cause our kids played soccer together and she's like, I would've never known. And unless you see her in a swimsuit or in a shorter pair of shorts, you, the scar is telling the scar is distinct, but you would never know she speaks perfect English. She's a typical five-year-old little girl.


And, and I mean it, there's moments even for me, even though we've lived this out and I know the story through and through, there's just moments where it really strikes you when you look at her and she, like for instance, when I'm teaching her how to read, how to write, just how amazing it is that she's actually here in person alive and just for her it's just normal. But she's just a walking testament to just how miraculous sequence of events has, You know, kept her alive. And most, You know, most people see would never even just think that she's American. I've been told that she looks like me 'cause she has brown hair and brown eyes. But she's normal. And and I think that a lot of GWA vets could close their eyes right now and see a face of a kid or a person, a vulnerable person, and caught up in a crazy circumstance of war that they wanted to help try to help, couldn't help.


Or maybe maybe some who did. But I've had so many like grown colonels crying in my office, like when I'm telling this story and like that reminds me of and telling stories about their experience. For instance, I had a, a colonel with the, there's a, there's a news article, the kids of Camp Eagers and there was a suicide bombing ISIS child, but he was, he was trying to seek guardianship of an orphan that would come and beg at their camp and You know, trying to do it, but there's a lot of red tape. And he said he was, he was introducing a new lieutenant and like, hey, indicators of, of something off in, in your pattern of life. He goes like, all these jingle trucks, that one's brand new. Like why is that? Like you should watch for things like that. And the next day that jingle truck driven by a 14-year-old ISIS suicide bomber blew up all those kids and killed this little girl.


And so like, he, he wanted to help and couldn't. And like he says, I don't think I've ever told anybody that story before. And I, I had another, like these are hardened soft like kernels. Another one in 2007 Fallujah, he said he had, he had a team that was took IDF mortar rounds and they missed and they hit the compound family compound next to 'em and a little 4-year-old girl like took shrapnel to the abdomen and they wouldn't send a medical bird 'cause it wasn't in conformance with the medical ROE. And he's like screaming at him on the radio like, send this, You know, if you don't send this, I will go over Blackball and take her to the hospital, ground it back. And so this colonel said like it was his twin two two, he had two twin little girls at home that were four at the time ish.


And he said it was about the same age. And so he asked for volunteers and he got like some masar and him and they got a Humvee and went over Fallujah blacktop roads as fast As they could risking all the IEDs. And she bled out like halfway there. And so like these are the memories our guys that are, that are, have the same values as these rangers demonstrated. I bet you that is so common in the war that it, it's not even funny 'cause I, I probably had, there's more I could talk about like the medical staff. One of the reasons they were so worried about her was 'cause of their experience with other soft bring backs where they'd had to shoot through children that were being used as human shields to kill these terrorists and then treat them and then return them to the Taliban.


And there was one that stood out in my mind. There was a, a 12-year-old girl that had lost her hand in a, I think a farming of some sort. And so the medical staff nursed her back to hell for like a month. And then they had some uncle of some sort come to the gate and, You know, to claim her. And 10 minutes after the guy left, they got a call, Hey, hey, pick up, come pick up the body, a body at the gate. And this guy had shot this little girl because she had no value as an amputee as far as like marrying her out. And so these nurses and doctors who nursed this little girl back to health and like prepared her arm and made sure she was as set up as she could, like, had to come get her from the ECP 'cause they'd shot her until like, like in their story after story of, from these medical personnel of like just like child abuse injuries they had to treat, but it was a local leader.


And so they couldn't do anything about it. They couldn't, there was no criminal prosecution, like to the point where they, they're putting a titanium skull in a 4-year-old. 'cause he got his head beat in by, by, by some of these practices. And, and again, that's not saying it's across the board, but it happens And it was happening regular enough where these people were very concerned. And so when back in time when I reached down to the hospital, I was like, hey, we're looking at, looking at trying to get a legal path to the us They were like, we are all in to find a safe outcome for her. Like we believe we're morally and ethically obligated to try to find a long-term safe outcome. And that's kind of how we got That. And so our code name for her was Sparrow, but the medical staff, it was starfish And it was based on a poem or a book where there's a little boy walking along the ocean and he's bending down and he's picking up a starfish and he's throwing it back into the ocean and he keeps doing it over and over.


And a adult comes over and says, You know, why are you doing this? Can't you see the beaches filled with starfish? You can't possibly make a difference. And the boy bends down, picks up another, another starfish and throws it into the ocean. And he says, well, it made a difference for that one. And so she, they called her starfish because she was the unique one that they could help in this war in all of the terrible things that they were seeing come through the doors. She was the one with a unique set of circumstances that they could actually help this one. And so, I mean, we've had dozens of medical staff come after they found out that she got out safely tell us stories.


I mean I I've, I've recorded some of the phone calls just because I want her to hear it one day of how loved she was by hundreds of people, not just us, I mean hundreds of people. One, one man, he was crying on the phone, he's like, I can't believe she made it out. And he's like, I used to hold her at night because the, I guess the female nurses were stressed by her crying so much because of her injuries. And early on she was, she cried a lot. And so he said, I he, I never took care of babies, never changed a diaper in my life. And I was like, I'll hold her. And so he would hold her because he had the night shift and he would hold her and watch movies or do his college classes and just hold her in his arms the whole time.


And so he's like, and like Joshua mentioned, there's so many people, like I've always wondered what happened to that baby and like her in particular. And so like Joshua said, it's, You know, all of a sudden we're getting the attention. But it was, it was across the board, everyone that heard about her, they, they were motivated to do whatever they could to help give her a better future and a safe outcome. And she's loved by hundreds of people. And, and like I said, like we, we are so proud of our, our participation in her story, but it's not really us. It's really all these unsung people that contributed to her life and safety at that moment in time.


And I mean, honestly we felt obligated to honor that and keep moving that forward. And, and so how that, what that looked like at the, at the operational headquarters level was okay to get a person to a country, you have to have a visa, right? So after we, we talked about the, the US policy change and the administration said, You know, act in a child's best interest. That's, that's a no-brainer, right? Try to get her back to the states, the in US forces of Afghanistan, move forward smartly. And did that. And I talked to you about the embassy initially tried to to, to ambush us and destroy that effort early on, making a fa accompli. Did, did you ever find out why?


So, so my deputy SJA as a navy commander and he is in a, he was a reservist on a year deployment to Afghanistan and he had a intelligence background, worked for the House intelligence committee as an attorney in his civilian job. And so he was actually involved in the negotiations with the Taliban in the room, like describing how this is going with the Taliban, what they want and how they're reacting. And he's like briefing us tonight. So we have like a front row seat of what's happening in Doha at like on a regular basis. He happened to be back, You know, 'cause there's, there was multiple rounds of these negotiations. So he tried to go and like, make peace with the embassy, like what is the deal? 'cause it was very difficult for to under understand like why they're on a different wavelength than we were.


And so he's like, ma'am, like, so he met with her again. He's like, ma'am, like I sent some hostility in the last meeting, like what's going on? And he personally told me this. He's like, she said, we really didn't appreciate you going over our heads to the administration. And so we're like, sorry, we were trying to take care of the child's like, You know, safety, You know, that type of thing. And so they basically left it as we're not gonna help you. The EMBA embassy's perspective was we're not gonna help you, but we won't get in your way. And so DOD was lead for months after that and we were working to get a visa. So now before we were advocating for her when it became, here's the task from the administration to, You know, make, make, make a long-term safe outcome for this child.


We, we did that and the first thing was a visa. And so what do you do if you need a visa, you talk to US citizenship and immigration services and they can issue a advanced parole visa. And so it's, it's ironically it's what she entered the country on with 120,000 other Afghans or however many actually came to the states. They were all paroled into the United States under humanitarian parole. Well there's an advanced humanitarian parole and that's what we were seeking to get. But there's, there's some basic requirements and this is where it was pretty miraculous that we were able to to, to be involved because we had the skillset to, to track down all this administrative requirements. So to get a a humanitarian parole visa for medical care to get into the United States, you have to have a certain, certain things.


First is a financial sponsor under federal immigration law, you can't be a burden on the government. The tax dollars can't pay for you to be here. So you have to have someone that signs the dotted line says, I will pay for this person, I'll cover their costs. And so we volunteer, like that's easy. We'll cover the costs for medical care. You actually have to have it a doctor have it scheduled and paid for. So we're like, how are we gonna do this? Like it's a Jane Doe baby off of objective. And I'm, I'm talking to SCS like, hey, crazy situation, You know, you, this is me, this is what we got. We've got a a Jane Doe Al-Qaeda infant with a fractured skull. It's not safe here in Afghanistan for child trafficking purposes and lack of medical care.


And, and there's often a prejudice for, for foreigners in this country. And, and so they're all like, well, like you, you basically get a list of bureaucratic requirements. And we were just knocking off those lists, like, go to your authority, ask 'em what we need to do. They tell us what you do and then you go work it. And so I'm literally on the phone with the head of the humanitarian affairs branch, great guy, like really compassionate for refugees and does a, a lot of great work. But he's like, well you need a name for the visa. I'm like, how am I gonna get a name for this little girl like I, and I'm, I'm just figuring it out, right? This is, this is our offices task we're all working at.


They're, so my, the, the, the larger office is negotiating with the Afghans to be like, yeah, that's fine, send her to the us It happens before with other kids from other strikes. It's not like uncommon, but it kind of more of like a face saving thing, not a actual requirement. It's just like managing good relations, but we're giving your country away to the Taliban anyway. So You know, it's kind of in that context. So how do we get a name? So we had had another American attorney, Kim Motley, who is by the way, an American hero. I'll get into her a little bit later with what she did in the fall of Afghanistan. But she literally saved hundreds of lives, lives like she should be getting the presidential medal of freedom to be honest with you. But Kim Motley had volunteered based on her experience in the Afghan legal system to act as a guardian ad litem, which is if for folks who don't know, that's a court, a court appointed representative to look at the child's best interest and no one else's.


Now they don't have that same concept in Afghanistan. So it was like a voluntary, like self-appointed. But our office was working with her to get a safe outcome. She had tried to get documents for her, asked the Afghan government no response, right? Nobody wants to take on the risk they view viewed as a foreign child and like it's kind of terrorism me. So they don't want to touch it. So we're like, how else do we get a name? And then in addition to that is how do I arrange for medical care for a minor child in the United States? I don't have any authority to act for her. The government doesn't like how, who can authorize surgery on a child who can authorize this, You know, an MRI. Sure. And, and so like I'm going through like my wheelhouse, right?


Like I don't know the answer, but I'm a lawyer and I'm gonna research it and find out. And so it has to be a guardian. It has, she has to have a name. Well, a court can appoint a name, right? There aren't any courts in the, in, in, in this, this area of Afghanistan. It's controlled by the Taliban for most of the war, right? I mean if you go up there, you're gonna get a gunfight. So with the operational realities on the ground, we're like, okay, well let's see if we can get emergency legal custody. And she's not Afghan with high strength intelligence that she's not Afghan, this group is no kind of nomadic, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and Western China. Like they're from that region, right? A lot of 'em have been fighting in Syria and Iraq.


We don't know exactly where she was born. Maybe in Afghanistan, maybe in Pakistan before the, or maybe in Turk Stan before they crossed the border. We don't know. So the best argument was she's known foreign Afghanistan doesn't have birthright citizenship. Most countries don't. So you're not automatically a citizen. And statelessness is a huge problem in Afghanistan because of all the, You know, the IDPs and such that people don't have documentation citizenship or they don't have citizenship. So we're like, okay, well the best category for her that she fits into is stateless and she's in the custody of the United States and like terrorist detainees and gitmo have basic rights. So let's advocate, let's make the argument that she's a stateless minor in the custody United States.


And so we, we got, we were authorized to declassify this stuff and use it in the court system. Well we did. And the next day, so we, we argue that she's a stateless minor in US government custody. She's a victim of terrorism, like in this crazy situation. And that no other state would have jurisdiction over her. And based on the evidence, the judge, like the evidence that they were moving every 30 days, they were known to go over multi-jurisdictional boundaries like over national borders. The judge agreed with that assessment. They found these facts in a, in a ruling. So we were then her guardians, right?


So now I can arrange an appointment at the University of Virginia Medical Center and they have a world renowned like pediatric ward. So we set her up like the whole nine yards a treatment plan. Her doctor, we, we gave her doctor her medical record from from DOD, we got everything set up for her to come back and like it's looking like she's coming back. Like To the point where we bought a Crib before and We were ready to go and I was considering dropping out of my final semester to be ready to take on a child was what we were assuming was special needs that she'd have needing ongoing medical Care. And so I'm updating my commander, my colonel, every time like, like the day after this, this is gr is granted, we update the colonel and say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get it registered as a DOD dependent now 'cause ass a guardian.


You can add them out on your, as you're dependent, I'm talking to headquarters Marine Corps on the phone. Like, like I'm in Afghanistan at three in the morning my time talking to headquarters Marine Corps dependency branch. And they formally grant her, I have the documents downstairs like, like they formally add her as my dependent. And in the meantime we also got her a certificate of foreign birth. 'cause in Virginia there's this, there's a, they had contemplated that foreign children being adopted in in Virginia might need a birth certificate. 'cause some, sometimes from third world countries you don't have that documentation. And so there's a way where you can apply for that. And so we did and we got it. And so we have a name, it says unknown birthplace, unknown parents or, or those unknown birthplace, citizenship unknown.


And then us as her parents. And so we provided that documentation and the court order to the Marine Corps dependency branch, which is the authorized like agency official to make those determinations fully known. We're in Afghanistan. My wife was on the phone with him. I'm, I'm calling 'em from Kabul. And they, they add her as our dependent. So that provided a way to guarantee payment. Right now she's eligible for tricare. So I've, I have the legal authority to arrange healthcare. We do that and it's literally just to get the visa right. Somebody had to do it. We were in the seat, we had a short timeframe. So we did that. And then ironically, and this is the crazy part is when we were gonna get her birth certificate, we had a guardianship order where her legal guardians at US Law, we go, Stephanie goes to the vital Statistics, vital Statistics Office in Richmond, Virginia.


And they say, we don't agree with the judge's interpretation of this statute. We are not gonna issue you this birth certificate. And we're like, we have to have this birth certificate because they said it's a requirement for the visa. We have a name for the court order, we have a birth certificate as an identity document to apply for this humanitarian parole visa. And they're like, well, You know, we don't, we don't agree with his interpretation. We don't think it fits the statute. And so my brother is an attorney, not a family law attorney, but is an attorney. And so he's engaging with them and the legal advisor for the vitalist office is the Virginia Attorney General's office. And so he's talking to the attorney general's office, like, really? Like, you're not gonna issue like here's why we need this.


We need this for a visa, we need a name and a and a identity document. And she has none. And they're like, well we would prefer if the judge issues an adoption order 'cause we think that complies with the statute. So we're like, so you want us to apply to adopt this child and the judge to do it? And they're like, yes. So we did like it wasn't even our idea. Like I I I honestly, I I didn't even contemplate that. So she, they, so they, so we file for adoption. The Attorney general of Virginia recommends the judge grant it under the circumstances because You know, there's a lot of background that she stateless and these were terrorists, et cetera, et cetera.


And so they issue this stuff and I provide it to my command, like just I'm, I'm, I am doing it by the book for a crazy situation, right? Because I think my personal philosophy is I will always try to be administrative collect correct and morally right. But if it's gonna come down between the two of them, I'm gonna be morally right and will try to make this fit. Because rules or administrative rules are, are often can't contemplate the crazy situations in life. And so that's why we are a principle based institution in in the military. We, we operate on principles of like the, You know, life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. Constitution protects those things. We live out those values and then we have all these rules to help us do that. But sometimes those conflict in a crazy situation, and this was one of those things, it was unprecedented to have this happen.


And and here's the linchpin of the whole thing. If the US military's 19-year-old multi-billion dollar intelligence gathering apparatus is correct, there's no case to be talking about right now. She is a stateless child. She is, her, her origin was an Al-Qaeda foreign fighter. Like there's, I have never seen evidence in five years to, to even suggest that that wasn't the case. And so I think the reality is that we're facing is the embassy, and we'll talk about how they did it, but they literally gave this child after she'd been recognized as our daughter by DOD after she'd been added as a dependent and issued an ID card after she had an insurance and a full ride to the US like set up with no one and nothing before that claiming her, they handed her over to what's turned out to be non-relative terrorist affiliated folks.


And I think that that is kryptonite for these bureaucrats. 'cause they never thought that some low level officer would be able to still get her out of Afghanistan at some point. And I didn't think that either, like that was an absolute miracle that she got out and got safe during the evacuation. But I don't think they ever thought they'd be held accountable for what they did to this little girl. But for us, 18 months before Afghanistan fell, we had a little microcosm of the, the little value they placed on human life over whatever bureaucratic policy they're working at that time. And their worldview keeps bumping into reality in very painful ways for real people on the ground. And we saw that with people falling off c seventeens in Afghanistan.


We've seen that in people, You know, at best if they're lucky, wasting away in lily pad countries trying to get to the states and people who've gone to war with us, people who've gone to combat with us, people are in danger because of our commitments to them. And I, I think we saw a microcosm of that really early. Like I never thought that she would get turned over in the way she did. And it was, it ended up being two days before the PCO was announced, she got dumped to what I think was Taliban proxies coming forward to falsely claim it. And the reason I think that is in my board of inquiry, a colonel testified and we had asked for this colonel authorization to testify for three years and were denied.


And he testified that they had six to eight false claimants come forward and they DNA tested a negative testing for all of them. So they, they, these were non-family members coming forward out of the boonies to claim a child. And the question is, why, why would six to eight people who are not relatives of the child come forward? And I, I think the best answer to that is what was the Taliban strategic, what was their number one priority right then in Afghanistan and in September to March of 20 19, 20 20, what was their goal is to get the US to leave, right?


And what the conditions on the peace deal was that, that the soil of Afghanistan would not be used by Al-Qaeda. And she's living proof that they're violating that. And then I I think if you also think strategically from the embassy's perspective, president Trump had made a decision that this was a bad deal and he canceled it. And he said he tweeted, how many more decades do you wanna fight? I I was sitting in the chow hall when that went on the news and I was like, huh, that's awesome, right? Because I saw, I, I saw this car bombing, this is a guy with kids at home. He got shredded by ball bearings for no strategic purpose. It was just a middle finger from the Taliban. And I, I think the president rightly said, this is a bad deal and killed it.


And then both the embassy and the Taliban want to get this done, right? And I don't think in with, with history as in retrospect it was a bad deal. Does anybody think that that went well? Like does anybody think that made our country safe? Does anybody think that that made Afghanistan stable and not a safe haven for, for the Taliban? And I'm not saying stay there forever and I'm not advocating for forever wars, but I'm saying that wasn't the abandoning the total abandonment of Afghanistan was not the plan in 2019. They were gonna leave task force behind and they were gonna do a counter-terrorism mission and mow the grass. 'cause I was sent to study that withdrawal. That was my mission is how do we transfer all these assets to the Afghans?


How do we make this stable? And really, it wasn't until the spring of 2021 and I happened to talk to our Jsc JSO liaison and they're like, no man, they're pulling everybody. I'm like, what? Like you're pulling everybody, like they're pulling task force. 'cause I was sitting in the new Camp Vance that they were building adjacent to Kabul airport for the south to, to operate out of til the cows come home and kill Al-Qaeda. And so I I think that, You know, looping this back, both the embassy and the Taliban were dealing with a president who doesn't get pushed around. And they were both peddling a bad deal. Like the embassy was doing it for the American people and the Taliban was doing it to get us out of Afghanistan.


And I I think if the, You know, who knows, but a living proof that this Al-Qaeda group is still operating in Afghanistan. And, and here's a, here's an interesting fact for your audience. The Taliban was in these, on this objective the next morning filming a propaganda video and they released it a couple days later. It's, it's on Twitter, you can go find it. And they're, You know, accusing the typical like accusing of war crimes. You only killed women and children, et cetera. And they show some bodies, and it's sad, right? Like, like the human cost of war is sad, but they have Chinese looking bodies like little kids look the location distinctly, you have guys wearing Arabic scarf, like red check scarfs, like very looks, looks like Syria to me.


Like that's not the Afghan scarf check pattern, right? They have black flags. But what the message these propaganda videos are saying is the Americans are bombed local people, farmers, local people. Yeah. And you're in the middle of nowhere, Afghanistan, why would you feel the need to emphasize that these are local people and farmers in like literally the dead center of southern Afghanistan. And, and I think that messaging and then a month later they say there are no turkistan, foreign mujahideen in Afghanistan. And like they are very keyed into the fact that this deal just got blown up and they want to get back to the negotiating table.


And that was the directive for SFA at the time was bleed them back to the negotiating table and we were doing it. They wanted to get back and, and negotiate with us. So I I guess all that, I think that was that, was she the leading, You know, thought in their mind? No, but she was an inconvenient truth for both sides to both the embassy and the Taliban. When, when did you first meet her? Was it in the, oh, probably mid-October. I got to go down on a rotator to Bagram and spend a couple days down there on some other project. I can't remember what it was. Oh, I, I think it might've been visiting Parwan. But yeah, I got to hold her for the first time. And, And it, it makes all the difference because seeing a case in paper, like just reading about it in emails, like when you're holding this little life and you're like, what is gonna happen?


Like we're leaving Afghanistan, this is gonna go south. Like I'm thinking, You know, not even with the hindsight of history, but at the time going like, what's gonna happen when we leave? Right? There's gonna be a civil war at a minimum and You know, just a, You know, borderline genocide this would end up happening. But You know, holding her like that and just her so vulnerable, like you felt obligated to protect if you could. And, and, and so I mean the commander of task force medical Afghanistan, I named my four son after him because he, he was the model of empathy and like he risked his career advocating like, Hey we can't, we're morally obligated to DNA test and terrorist vet for this child.


Like you cannot, like I have as a doctor, can't abide by this. Like to the point he was getting warned he's gonna get fired from a two star who thought it was a distraction and like he, he would hold the hands of dying service members, like made sure that none of our guys died alone. Like that's the caliber of person. This man is like physically fit just everything you want in a leader. Like, and, and that's not off that, not always the case in the Medical Corps, but like this guy, I I so admire him who brought her home. That's a long, so she was, despite all of that, despite Senator Cruz advocating for her, different folks trying to get her home, the embassy reported falsely that the Afghans didn't wanna do a DNA test and that they had confirmed that there was family.


That's what they reported. They just came up with this. Yeah, well so actually no, they didn't just come up with this. That's what they reported came outta a meeting on December 31st, 2019. They said they met with this senior child protection specialist who's a low level like decision maker in a, in an Afghan ministry at the time. We worked for two years to get that guy out of a lily pad country. And You know, when he got in the country three days before my board of inquiry, that's when he arrived in America. And that was the only time he felt safe to share the other side of the story. And so in our board of inquiry, he testified that at that meeting he asked the embassy to do a DNA test.


'cause they had nothing, no corroboration. It was a just a bear claim. This guy said he was an uncle and he's like, we didn't even have an a te guro their national ID card, like their birth certificate. He goes, we didn't have, we had nothing. The only thing we had was DNA and the embassy declined to do it. We had committed, like I've got the emails downstairs saying we will, we will DNA test like DOD will DNA test, any claimants, any potential family to confirm a DNA match. 'cause like that's basic safety. And then if there was a match, the the plan was to explain her medical needs and offer to send her to the US for medical care. That was the plan because we knew she had no immediate family members alive.


'cause they were dead. But the, the, the embassy reporting outta that meeting that DNA testing wasn't part of the Afghan process. And they had confirmed family and in fact they had no evidence this claimant Wow. Was related at all. And it turns out he wasn't in documentary evidence. This guy said he was related to someone he claimed was a father. This, it was a elderly, I I I say Tali elder 'cause he's got a big black turban and he looks like a Taliban, You know, elder, I've got a picture of him. And when I saw that photo, we, we found her outside of the government later. But when I saw this guy, I was like, they gave her to the Taliban, like he just screams it and, and You know, we'll, we'll get a little bit more into some government misconduct, but this same embassy person in all of our litigation has filed statements saying that oh, like trying to make it look like they had processes like the right way or that the Red Cross was involved.


Like I've got an email downstairs with your people from the, from the Red Cross to this Afghan child protection specialist like three days before she was supposed to get turned over to them and they're like, Hey, could you please identify who this person is? The Red Cross had no idea who she was going to. And they have the Department of Justice under the previous administration has filed like filings and lawsuits saying the Red Cross was involved. It's like, well if that's true, how come they're asking for her identity like two days before you're supposed to, to, to put her outta us custody with no vetting at all. And then this guy we have, we acquired his phone number at some point and then, You know, you plug in a a a, if you plug in like a lot of vets know like WhatsApp and, and Signal, You know, we, we all use those things.


It has a profile picture that pops up. Guess what's on the Sky's profile picture? Well, it's a little Taliban flag and it's a little placard bragging that the Taliban is coming to hear his like grandson or something in their home village three miles from the objective recite the Quran, which like, whatever it's your culture, fine. But if you got a flag of, of the Taliban flag over a map of Afghanistan on your profile picture, I kind of think that you're probably sympathetic that way. Like, and there, there's a whole series of indicators that we'll get into a little bit later as we go to how she got outta Afghanistan. 'cause that's, that's literally a, like the second half of the story we're probably finishing with how she got turned over.


But basically because of the state department's position was we don't want to impact the peace deal. The, a colonel testified that the Taliban negotiators had mentioned the situation. I don't know if that's true. I don't have firsthand knowledge of that. And so it was this series of what Half truth that they were able to io campaign the administration to be like, oh, well, like nobody wants to like, oh, take her away from family that's safe and oh, maybe we're just wrong. But the embassy had never looked at this classified intel and we weren't able, the, the colonel from the Pentagon, I I mentioned earlier that came and testified at our board of inquiry.


He said they independently corroborated everything we had declassified sent them. They went and talked to range regiment and verifying all that with their targeting system at the Pentagon. He said, yeah, we knew where they were from in Turk, Stan, where they were moving 'em from like high fidelity, who these people were and where they came from. And so he mentioned to me, Jesus, he said he, he struck it. He said, I will go to my grave thinking that these were Al-Qaeda terrorists that were moving through the region from Turt Stan because there's nothing that would suggest otherwise. And, and, but at the same time, and this is big picture, at the same time we have the previous administration's department of justice filing, court filing saying her parents were an innocent farmer killed in a crossfire with zero evidence.


Like the eyewitnesses say she blew herself up. And, You know, her suicide vest was partly, surely detonated. We have the DOJ saying the ICRC was involved. And we have like, I, I can, I can give you 50 examples, but I've got a couple for your, your team where they're redacting what we knew at the time from from the traffic. 'cause what they'd rather do is they'd go after a, a junior officer, like a fairly lable officer and attack your credibility and say, no, no, the embassy was, You know, doing safe. And there was nothing to see here, basically. And I don't think they, they thought they'd ever be, have, be in a position where I can prove in court that you were lying and that you did this to this little girl.


But they're in that position now. And so that's why they've thought, You know, to gag you and to shut you up and over classify things so that the truth of what actually happened and how dangerous it was and how like it's it's child abuse, what they did to this little girl. And like she has become our daughter. We've had her for years. Like she has no idea any of this ever happened. But it's not right from a national perspective that this should have happened. No one should have to go through what she's gone through and what we've had to go through as a result. Like we were telling the truth from day one. We're telling the truth now. And if they release that, that intelligence, if they release the video footage of this combat, like our guys aren't war criminals on objective.


They're not fighting innocent farmers. Do civilians die in war? Yes they do. But that's the result of terrorists who bring their families along on Jihad to come fight us. Like that's the sad reality of war. But that's not our guys. So I, I do, I will circle back at some point and then talk about like the period from when she was dumped before the peace deal to how she got outta Afghanistan. 'cause that was this incredible story. But I think it's very important to focus on what the embassy knew and why they did that. Like, well I guess a, a better question is why didn't they know this intel?


Why didn't they DNA test like a DNA test, it's the most biometrically enrolled society on earth. Like we, we have, we have a lab set up that does it in four days. I have her DNA swab, the DOD did in December of 2019. I have it downstairs. Like we had her DNA, we tested six or eight other people. Why was this person on DNA tested? And what's my real concern is did they know it was a negative test when they dumped her? Like I'd like to know that, like did, did state know these people were not family when they handed her off? Or just assume that risk? Because what happened next was we found out that they were gonna to not vet whoever she was being turned over to.


And so we actually, as a captain, we sued in federal court to try to prevent that from happening. Saying you cannot do this in an objectively dangerous manner based on everything we know her, she's a foreign fighter's child and that you're likely turning over to non-relative terrorist affiliated. Like you can go look up the court case like it says that. And And it said all the risk factors. It said who this, the Turin Islamic party was and some of these pictures of children in their training camps. Like we were, we filed it under seal. 'cause we didn't want to put any Americans at risk 'cause we were still had troops on the ground. But it, it was just basically what the presumption was from do D'S perspective. That this was a foreign child the whole time and there was literally nothing to contradict that.


Some rando claiming a a a familial relationship and with children having value as, as chattel essentially like, like, Hey, does anyone own baby androlling around in rural Afghanistan? I bet you get people claiming just offering a child because they're valuable. And we were getting reports at the time in Kabul of the conditions on the ground, like we're getting reports they were e eating cats and dogs that they were selling the, like some of their younger children to pay for food through the winter for the other. So like the conditions in Afghanistan at that time were really bad. Like I'm having the docs telling me this stuff and I'm going and researching it to corroborate it.


And I'm like, holy cow. And so like then as you become, I guess once, once we volunteered and a judge says, Hey, you're responsible for this child. Like it was totally a good Samaritan like volunteer, like, like regular American do the right thing type of thing. But once the judge says you are responsible, I mean we are not, it's like your oath. Like, You know, it's like when I, when I raise my hand and I swear to uphold the constitution, United States against all M is foreign, domestic. I mean that with every fiber of my being. And when a judge says you are responsible for this child, you are their protector, your guardian, your parent. Like we, that that's not a light thing to us.


Like it's just like any other oh five I've ever taken in my life the, to my marriage, to my country. Like we are gonna go after that with everything we got. And that's why we sued the Secretary of Defense. Like do you think that's a comfortable moment? I mean we were terrified, right? I'm thinking this is career suicide but I can't sleep at night if she's put in a harm's way again. Yeah. And, and like who knows, like if this, if this is some, and we believe that they were totally anonymous to the US government. Like they didn't even know who they were. I think they may have had a name, they didn't have an id, but our understanding was she was being basically laundered through the Red Cross so that they maintained combatant immunity and that she was just taken to Southern Afghanistan. Jeez.


And, and and here lemme tell you what that meant to people who raised her. So this flag was flown on, I think it was 28th February. Lemme get the right date. So I don't mess this up 'cause I I this is important for your audience to understand. So this is an American flag certificate And it says flown on 28th February, 2020 in honor of, and I won't, don't zoom in too much 'cause I'm not supposed to talk about her name. But it says, let it let it be known that the flag accompanying this certificate was flown in the face of the enemy and bears witness to the removal of terrorist forces threatening the freedom of the United States of America. It was flown with great honor and pride over the airman soldiers of Craig Joint Theater Hospital, Bogar Mayfield, Afghanistan during Operation Freedom Sentinel and North Atlantic treaty organization's resolute support mission where each day Americans fought the global war on terrorism in remembrance of all who have lost their lives.


And it says, you will never be forgotten because they thought she was dead. And then every single of the two different iterations on deployment of medical personnel, the ones that were still there, every one of 'em signed the back of this thing. Oh wow. And they, they drafted this poem basically saying, thanks for trying to us, and I got this after she got dumped with like a fish in the sea gone anonymously in, in Afghanistan in a war zone. And And the colonel at the board testified that it was, and and that's what we've come up against is that it was almost like we are just these lone rangers acting outside of That's the narrative. Yeah. Yeah. That's the narrative that has been put out there. But the reality is, is he said that it was DOD policy until it wasn't.


And all of a sudden there was a stark, there was a very distinct shift and all of a sudden it was shut down. And he said in the meeting with the general that basically decided that she was going to be turned over, that it was the most unprofessional dressed down, if you want to say that. Yeah. That, that was the testimony is that he'd never observed such an unprofessional meeting where they basically got shut down called racist for believing basic intelligence that everybody had believed the whole time saying like, we have some serious credibility questions about anyone coming forward and claiming this particular child. Plus it was in a city a hundred miles away from the objective to, so I, I can talk about this 'cause it was declassified. There was a civil affairs officer at the time on the joint staff at Resolute Support and she came and testified against us in the board.


And it was so fascinating to watch because like she had her blood, her little prepared portion of her, her testimony, and then my attorneys were able to question her. And You know, what she testified to, she said that they did DNA on on our daughter and that I think she described Beck and a couple other, like other tribes in the northern stands, like the country's north of Afghanistan consistent with that. And that just blew my mind because they gave her two poshto speaking PTOs. What? And they have her, like, she testified that they had done their DNA and then we had declassified the language that we were picking up in Sgin. Like it's turkmen, right?


Like it's a very distinct non-native language. Like we are, we got de classified for a purpose, right? So they gave them to a different race of people who speak a different language and maybe after they DNA tested them negatively. And so like, it's just mind boggling to me. And then we, the one thing I'd wanted to ask the civil affairs officers, like, hey, did you ever read the declassified mission summary? Did you ever read the classified underlying intelligence? And she's like, no. The, the Afghans didn't ask for that. So we didn't, we didn't look at it. And I'm thinking like she was actually came across as angry at these regular Americans Absolutely. For, for caring enough to ask the question like why are we doing this?


Like, what's gonna happen to this baby? Like it was like some sort of like a distraction and well At the board she testified she was one of the first people to testify. And I was one of the, I guess one of the last, and what was surprising in her testimony is she referred to our daughter as an Afghan issue or I think at one point she even said problem. And it was, the attitude was, it was like this is a distraction. And I thought she was maybe mad at us for what we did to advocate for her. But really it was across the DOD footprint, like the medical footprint, she and some other bad actors found it disturbing that people were becoming emotionally attached or they actually cared about her and so enough to get baby supplies and do everything that they did to basically love on this little child while she was in their care.


And so she saw it as a distraction And it be something to be done away with. And, and so when it became, it was my turn to testify, I was sure I that was for the first time. 'cause I've always wondered why did, why couldn't people see where we were coming from? Like to me it was just a natural choice to advocate for an innocent child. But it was at the board that I saw that it was a, it was a funnel fundamental difference in philosophy or if you wanna say worldview, is that we believed that life, innocent life should be protected and, and advocated for if you can. And they were coming from the perspective that it was an inconvenience or a, a distraction and just to do away with it, it was a another issue.


And that was the clash, that was the conflict was there's one side of the camp that was saying, Hey, this child deserves our protection. And then the other side is saying, no, this is, this child doesn't really, it's meaningless. It, it doesn't have any anything to affects us. So just do away with it. And what I testified, they asked if perhaps, You know, our motives were ethnocentric or why were we doing what we're doing? And, and, and I said, well, I said, as Americans we believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and we believe that every human being deserves that. And so we were operating in every, all of our actions up till this very day has been to advance that for her.


And if there's people that out there that disagree with that, then I can agree to disagree because I know what we did. And we can go to bed at night with a clear conscience before God and man because we did what was right and the, the certificate and everything, it it was not just us, it was many people. Yeah. And this is what the, the colonel wrote in that certificate. He said the enclosed flag was flown over Craig Joint Theater Hospital on 28 February, 2020, the darkest day of my one year deployment to Afghanistan. My intent was to fly the American flag in celebration of her day of rescue. Instead the flag was flown to help us remember a baby that had profound positive impact on every member of my TRA trauma hospital, a true butterfly effect.


And then he, he told us that they had grief counselors there because so many people were so shook up about this. And they actually had the personal security detail of one of the two stars come down to ensure they didn't physically resist turning her over to these people. And So the question is to, to the irc, if this was a good to who, So the ICRC physically flew her to the location, but they didn't actually involve in vetting whoever she was being turned over to. It was a bear bear claim. Like, Hey, I'm an uncle. That was the level of detail they had. So, and they had some local people saying, You know, Joe is who Joe says he is like as a pseudonym, but there was no corroboration of the claim. And it actually turns out to have been false from the get go.


It was a lie. But the question is, is what we've, if, if it was, okay, that's one was when I heard this colonel that testified at the board of inquiry, when I heard like how he described her turnover, it was like if they were doing the right thing and they had found family and they knew that she was going to have a safe outcome or she was gonna be okay, why would they bring down armed guards and basically tell everybody, stand down. You're not going to do anything. This is what's going to happen if, why would they be concerned about a resistance among service members if what they were doing was on the up and up end and right. And in, in reality they threatened them, told them to stand down and told 'em this is what's going to happen.


And then had grief counselors on the back end. And like we said, we've had so many people come outta the woodwork saying, I I was so devastated. And I've always wondered what would happen to her, to the point where they hoped that she would've died because they knew that her life, like she was just destined to a miserable life. And there's, there's some, there's some just tragic text messages I have for your team from the general while this is happening, saying like, we have DNA we're morally, utterly obligated to do this. Why aren't we doing this? And I, I agree with him. I would like to know that question is if the Afghans asked the embassy to do DNA, why didn't we do it? Like, and if not, like who made that decision?


Was it the deputy chief omission? 'cause that person should get fired and when all this broke in America, three years later she was up for a ambassadorship and she was being vetted for that. Yeah. And so get this, this is just, this will show you where this person is coming from during all of this. She's, she's filing affidavits against the court saying like, this was all by the book, You know, essentially nothing to see here. At that time, this senior child protection specialist, this Afghan was in a third country not safe and danger being deported. He reaches out to the Deputy chief omission and he says, an attorney has reached out and asked me to participate in this case.


In her case, what should I do? So what do you think the deputy chief omission tells him? She says, I wouldn't respond if they're really an attorney. They'll, they'll, she, she advises him not to participate. He's the only person on earth who can say no, that didn't happen in that meeting. And he did in my board, but he's the only person on earth who can contradict what this person represented to her own agency and to the Trump administration about confirmed family and the Afghans, You know, it wasn't, I think the, the half truth or the lie was it wasn't part of the Afghan process. Well that's because they're asking you to do it. They're asking you personally to DNA test his child.


And we have a, a ACME lab at Bagram that does it in three days and we already have her swab and they had actually sent one of these people outta the woodwork and Afghanistan to get DNA tested. So like that's what he told him. I've got it in an email downstairs where he's asking the embassy, like this person that says that there's a surviving sibling, we're we now want to do the DNA test. And then there's this nondescript response from the embassy and then they get 'em in person and they say, don't talk to the DD anymore. Are you, you serious? Yeah. They, they, they suck. They get an order from the two star that no one in us four A will advocate for this child. I've got a, I've got the order. It's a draft. It hasn't been, it wasn't signed. It was a verbal order. He never sighed. But it was, you will not advocate for this child.


All questions list will go to the embassy. And so something else happened that's very important for viewers to understand. When we threatened to sue, there was a hold by the Secretary of Defense on her movement. Like they were gonna, they were gonna move from February 11th, 2020. And they ended up not moving her to the 27th. And so we thought, okay, we've succeeded. They're gonna do a DNA test, they're gonna vet these people right, to make sure that that this is safe outcome. That, so we thought we succeeded. We didn't end up filing that lawsuit until we found out they, they were ignoring it and just gonna go forward with it.


But that was because the Afghan quote government and I air quote that for a reason, sent two demand letters imperfect English to the embassy and US forces Afghanistan. And it was those intent of those letters was to rush the administration's decision making cycle. And guess who you think, who do you think drafted those emails or those letters? We came through this Afghan that we've now got to the US safely. He's like, oh yeah, the embassy drafted this and sent it to us on WhatsApp so that we could send back to them. So you've got this embassy drafting letters reportedly in the name of the Afghan government during a discussion about what's the right thing to do here to rush the decision making cycle of their own government.


I've got the drafts. Holy shit. Yeah. And so then they're filing affidavits in court saying, oh well the Afghan government demanded this to happen. And it's it's bogus deep state. Ridiculous. I I I I I don't know, it makes me angry as an American manipulation, manipulation after they 'cause the, the, the, the people at the embassy have the, like the after actions reports from the, From the operation. No, they left meeting where I was supposed to brief them. They left that meeting without it. And they were like, yeah, you, You know, their, their philosophy DOD was lead for months. They said, we're not gonna get in your way, but we're not gonna help. And then they got in our way and killed it. And, And it was totally bogus and, and to the point where I, I Just don't, I don't, I don't understand why, why, why, why were they, why would they not allow you to take custody?


What was the, what was the big or what is the big, what's the why? I can understand what the fuck, I understand what the administration, because they were believing the embassy when they said that there was, You know, that they didn't wanna do the protest. Look, I'm not talking to the embassy. I don like what is I I honestly they Were pissed that you went over their head To an extent that we've heard that. And then the other thing, like I said with the woman that testified at the board, they, they didn't like that service members were getting attached or that they were caring enough like for about this. Like that's not the mission. This is a distraction. Do away with it. Like literally it was like it, the problem, the issue it was just was Ahan problem.


Yeah. It was just very wipe our hands, wipe our hands fit and walk away. But I mean, why would we expect differently? They did the same thing with child rape on our basis for a decade. Yeah. Like why would we expect different, like that's the paradigm where like you've gotta, You know, it, it's kind of been a struggle for the heart and soul of the Department of Defense and the armed forces is like, are we going to live out our values or are we gonna be like Jack booted thugs or robots who do these, You know, whatever you're told, like these bureaucrats would fit seamlessly in like the third rech in doing whatever they're told to do. And, and I think as constitutional officers, as as service members who, You know, support and defend the constitution, we're obligated to live out our values down range.


And when we don't, I think that really has strategic implications. We're we're supposed to be a city on a hill, we're supposed to be an example of how you should do it. And and that definitely wasn't it. I don't have an answer as to all the why's. I, I can't like, I don't, can't judge your heart. I don't know. It might be as something as simple as went over a head, a rear inconvenience. I don't know. But, but there's a lot of questions that I have as an American that I'd like answered. Like, like did they actually DNA, like was this a negative DNA test? Like I had always given them the, the, the benefit of the doubt and said, oh, they couldn't have known they weren't family. You know, I could see where they were just trying to get rid of it and rush the process and not do basic safety precautions.


I was kind of giving them bit of the doubt. But when the colonel came and said they did it, they tested six to eight people and they're all negative. That sent alarm bells off in my head. It's like, wait a minute, did they know they weren't DNA tested? 'cause it wouldn't make sense to me that the State Department wouldn't initially DNA test, but I think once they started getting several negative tests back, either they didn't do it at all or they did it anyway. And I don't know the answer to that either. So at a minimum it's not the standard of care for children that we should, we should exhibit down ranch And, and leading up to that, like Josh says, and naively is like at the beginning, you, you thought that just gotta get the facts in front of the right people and they'll make the right decision.


Yeah. And so that was, You know, your, your motive was just get the facts in front of the decision makers and they will see it and you act on her best interest. Well, yeah, I'm a, I'm a prosecutor and an olaw attorney targeting, so I know how to pull the information and build a case. And we did, and I'm telling you what the reason why there's so much restrictions through the chain of command and so much restrictions on the information in this case is 'cause if people knew the truth, they'd be livid. When did they hand the, when did they hand off the baby To the Tal? Yeah, two days before the peace deal. So the peace deal was announced on February 29th, 2020.


She was handed off on the 27th and she was gone like impossible to find. And we were scrambling up to the very end to trying to get ahold of Trump. Did anyone, any decision maker trying to Just show? Not not just at the end. Like he, he, so the president visited Bagram for Thanksgiving and we were waking people up in Afghanistan like go to the chow hall, find the president, have him meet. There were literally People running Around banks, it was a hundred yards trying to find him hundred yards from, from the hospital. Like go get 'em, go, go tell 'em. Because we had gotten, You know, to basically to see the life, You know what I mean? And because we had, it was, it was a political face saving thing from, I mean the Afghans, I have the email where the Afghans recommended she be sent to the US to the Afghan president, the, the deputy chief of Mission personally met with Afghan or Ani.


That's what she told the FBI in her statement. That she personally met with him to get that shut down. So like they went out of their way to stop that from happening. So the minister, Afghan Minister of Defense, Afghan Minister of Labor both recommended the, the president approve US forces Afghanistan formal request to send her to a guardian in the us And that specific email chain I got from this Afghan, this Afghan child protection specialist, after three years, I've asked for that document in all of these cases for three years and ignored denied, never gotten it. I didn't even get it from my board of inquiry where they're trying to say I went against US foreign policy while I've got the US foreign policy email because this guy that we got out after two years gave it to us.


He was too scared to do it before. 'cause he thought he'd get shut down and and deported back to Afghanistan 'cause he was in a third country with, while his visa for the US was processing And it had to be renewed every six months. And so he is worried about his wife and two little kids. But You know what he did for us? I'll never forget this, this, this Afghan who was really supposed to protect her, she ended up her life, ended up saving his family. But he, he told me, he gave me the email, the DNA test request that it, that I'd also asked for. 'cause I, I'd been told this happened, but I couldn't prove it and we really needed it at, at, at a time and he wasn't safe yet.


And so he said, take care of my wife and kids if they deport me back to Afghanistan for doing this. And he sent us that email. And that was right before he actually got safely to the us. But he took, he risked everything to make sure that that truth got out. And that made all the difference at the board because here you are having the government recycling these arguments. We've already proved false in court over and over again. But they redid it. They, they did the verbatim at this board of inquiry, these same mega law firms that have been representing our, these litigants were in the board of inquiry, like working with the prosecutor to try to get us kicked outta the Marine Corps and, which was just amazing in and of itself.


But when you, when you have the eyewitness testimony, the only other guy in that room saying the State Department, we asked him to do DNA test and then you provide the emails that the government never released. It's pretty damning to be honest with you. Let's take a, let's take a quick break.


I had like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show and their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron starting at just $5 a month by visiting Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite. That's Patreon dot com slash Vigilance Elite.


Alright, we're back from the break. We, we had just covered that the baby got turned over to a posh two man. And so just if we cover this, forgive me, but how, how did she get turned over to somebody without a DNA test? Well that, that's been our question to this day. But ultimately what, what the decision was made from state department's concern that it would interfere with the peace deal and that these were confirmed family, which I believe was a false report. Like we already talked about functionally, they just signed her over to an ICRC representative and they flew her to Southern Afghanistan and then she was gone like a fish in the sea needle in a haystack, all those AC like she was gone.


So What did, what did they just pick some random guy off the street and go, hey, here's a, here's an infant. They picked the sixth or ninth random guy off the street and with zero vetting. And then that's one of the things why I think a lot of the restrictions on information on this case in particular is 'cause we have the, we have the homework to show that that's exactly what they did. And I I think they're very concerned for their own, I dunno, careers or their own reputation that doesn't come out. But I mean this is, you don't have to take our word for it's documented. I mean, how did that feel? You guys, we just spoke downstairs, you had a crib at the house you guys were preparing for, for another baby to enter the family.


It was, it wasn't a matter of if it was when, because as we had mentioned before, DOD policy all the way up to that point was make every effort to bring her home. And so we were like, for me, just like you would prepare for any other child, just being ready to have all the supplies be ready to go to for us, receive a child that potentially had medical, ongoing medical needs. So just trying to adjust my expectations of what life was going to look like at that time. And I would say for the most part we were, we were ready as like, as much as you could be. But when, when it looked like they were going to forcefully like just turn her over at the last minute, I, I think we still as Americans just like held out hope.


Like if we get it in front of the right people, they'll do the right thing. And, and so I think even though that fear was very real, there was a side that was just like, it's gonna come through. It's gotta come through. It's, it's a baby. It's gonna, You know, they, they're gonna see the, the innocence and they're gonna protect this baby. And I remember that night it was like one of the worst nights of my life that it was, I don't know what time it was, but I was in bed and like we did everything we could possibly do. And now we were just hoping that for some reason it was going to stop. It was gonna be stopped and Joshua walked in and the room was dark and, and he's, and I just remember your voice and you're like, she's gone.


And I just, I I I didn't even say anything. I was so shocked. I was just, it felt like a kick in the gut. Like I can't believe it. And and that moment just if you felt like an a failure, because here you are. I mean we were excited about what we were doing. We were proud of what we were doing and there was like a full court press of everybody working together for this one child. And, and so it felt just like a failure. And, and I, I'll never forget what you said. You said, I don't know why. I have no reason to think this, but it's gonna be okay. And I was, and of all things for him to say it was probably the best thing. It was comforting. But I was just like, really? Like I don't, I I can't see how they're any good can come from this.


How did you find out she was gone? So one of the medical staff had had told us, they were all like outta their minds worried about it and like trying to advocate to congressmen. What did they say? They basically said that they're gonna be handed over to an anonymous person through the Red Cross at this time and date. And were just letting us know that that was happening so we could try to stop it. And so we, we filed what's called a temporary restraining order, try to get one and that's a, it's a high bar to get that against the government. You already had adoption papers? Yes. Yeah, we did. So they're just, they're giving your child That's exactly what the judge said away. He, when we to an anonymous person in Kandahar, well I'm, I'm not supposed to talk about exactly where it was.


Whatever, Afghanistan. Yes. Not ev not anywhere near where she was recovered. And to someone who spoke a different language and was a different race and to me it, knowing what I know now, I'm even more upset than I was then because then it was like, isn't that fucking kidnapping? That's how I, that's how we viewed it is, is so this is the State Department, this is the fucking US government kidnapping your child and handing it to some random fucking person in Afghanistan after formally recognizing, or Or if you wanna say a little bit more politically, they ignored our legal parental rights and basically said, yeah, that's that's you, but we're gonna do this.


It's a fu it was official US determination and policy. And, But, but again, I think with the administration, But like It, it was a crazy situation. How The fuck do they do that? How the fuck do they take, they give you adoption papers and then take your fucking kid and give it to some fucking stranger on the streets of Afghanistan. Are you fucking hearing this? People like, this is your government. This is your fucking government. And and that's exactly how we felt because we had gone to the authorities, we'd appealed, we'd informed them about like what we knew about on the ground, on the ground facts that are corroborated to this day. And they had recognized this authority and they, I I think they ended up citing like a technicality like, oh, you didn't formally notify the Department of Justice about this proceeding.


And I've got the email traffic where I give it to my colonel the next day, four months before all this went down. So they basically cited technicalities like, oh, you didn't do this, this, this bureaucratic thing correctly. But like as far as like knowing like the US government knowing this, like we were emailing the White House chief of staff, we were talking to Senator Cruz's office, they were phenomenal. They were advocating like, hey, this is insane. We can't turn a child over without vetting. And and so the state, the embassy was representing that the Afghans didn't want to do a DNA test. Well I've got the email where they're requesting it. I've got the testimony where you Have an email where they're requesting a DNA test abso to the embassy. And the embassy is saying They, they don't do it in the email because they're smart. They did in the meeting on December 31st and then they iced this guy.


And by God's grace we got him out of a dangerous place and to America. And now he's here today because of, of that, of her ordeal and getting turned over, this guy who was supposed to protect her ended up getting saved by her. And and that's the case for a lot of the folks we helped in the withdrawal because I, I told CI was like, I don't know why, but I feel like it's gonna be okay. And what we've come to learn from our experience is that that was providential because I wouldn't have been, I wouldn't have had visa experience. I wouldn't know what USC I S was. I wouldn't know what a humanitarian parole was. And we used all of those skill sets to save as many Afghan interpreters and their families as we could Marine Corps folks who did war with us based on other marines vouching.


Like this guy was with me in Sanken, this guy was with me in Marja. He was great. And like during the evacuation when we're just working our TURPs, like if I wasn't connected with Afghanistan and at the unit that I was at, like there was like 30, like 30 plus people that would not have gotten out but for her getting handed off. So I know these people meant for whatever their, their intent was, but it, it was part of the plan because it saved lives in the end. Her life affected a lot more Afghan allies in in the evacuation. Absolutely. And and since even, 'cause we got that other guy out with his wife and two kids. How, how long, How long was she MIA almost, Almost 18 months.


Almost 18 months. She was gone for 18 months. Exactly. And we were dying every minute of it. 'cause we, and and, and that kind of segues pretty nicely into the next portion of the story is she's gone like, so Like a a 45 day old baby at that Point? Well she was, she was five months old at that point. Okay. And she'd been raised By a five month old baby Was dust At is gone for a year and a half. And so To some random, some Man, some older older guy I believe is that, that Wished to remain anonymous. That wanted to remain anonymous. 'cause we had offered to DNA test them and there's email traffic with them saying, well we understand that they wanna remain, remain anonymous and we'll keep 'em anonymous. So we need to DNA test them.


'cause that's what DOD was saying. 'cause that's a reasonable sane policy, right? Is a U DNA test people coming outta the woodwork in a, in a country that traffics children. Like that's not a hard call. Right? It, it was no question in our mind that that was our requirement from DOD but that got dropped by state and then reported up the chain as the Afghans didn't want to do it or it wasn't part of their process, I think was the white lie they used. How How high up does this go? It was running state. I think it just went up to the, the embassy was the one generating bad information for the administration. I believe that that got passed on because they, the, the, the main lies was the, the DNA testing wasn't part of the Afghan process, which is technically true, but they're asking you to do it. So is it true not from this guy's where I sit if the United States Lead Agency, which was DOD said, we commit to DNA testing any potential family members in the best interest of the child.


And you're, You know, you're in a train advised assist mission where you're supposed to train them how to, to have a, a, You know, run a, a country how to provide security, You know, stability, that type of thing. We're trying to train, advise the system to do the right thing and do OD did that We are like, hey, the best interest of the child, you got a DNA test, we'll terrorist vet and let them know of her medical concerns and, and offer free medical care in the us That was Dodd's policy for months. And and we were fine with that policy because it's rational. Where we differed from the US government was when they're like, oh, we don't want to interrupt the peace deal, so we're not gonna require these things or we cannot, like, what the State Department will do is like, if they wanna do something, they'll say, You know, they'll come up with justification, but if they don't, they'll just cite international law and kind of hand wave it.


The the peace deal between us and the Taliban. Is that what you're talking about? What? Why does the Taliban give a shit about a a a baby? No, most of the Afghans were were totally on board with sending her to the us They're not, they're not. So how would this interrupt the peace deal? I I agree. Like, it it doesn't, I mean she was living proof. It was, it was not worth the paper it was written on. But outside of her, You know, being proof that the conditions weren't being met, You know, that to allow Al-Qaeda to use Afghan soil. I mean, it, it, there wasn't, this was a manufactured crisis by the embassy. And, and, and I I want to hit on something you said. How did she get turned over? She got turned over by a series of letters that the embassy quote received and they had factual statements in them that were drafted by the embassy that were not true.


It said that the Afghans had had, that the Afghans had confirmed there was family and that they didn't wanna do a dday test and that they're demanding her back. And so we actually had the man who signed those letters, his testimony is in evidence in our board of inquiry, the minister who was in a third country when he testified. But that was provided by the government in our board of inquiry, his testimony. And this guy can't read, write, or speak English. Okay. He signed this document in his testimony, he contradicts, he says, well the baby's really little, we can't determine where it's from or who it's if it's an Afghan citizen or not.


But the letter says it's an Afghan citizen and he says, my ministry can't grant guardianship to anybody. Like that's a court's job. But the letter says they granted custody like everything that the embassy needed to say, they just put in there and had this guy who can't read English, sign it and send it to us. And then when we threatened to sue, there was a demand letter that came from this same guy who doesn't speak English in perfect English And it uses terms like next of kin, which is not an Afghan saying. Yeah. Right. And it's literally a demand letter saying why was the, the, the transfer delayed last week and like it was trying to rush the American decision making cycle. And this child protection specialist that we got to America, he said that that was drafted by a a U US citizen services and employee in that department sent by WhatsApp for them to send back to the m to the embassy to pretend like it was an arms lakes transaction.


And it was an Afghan demand. It's like the Afghans were, were doing whatever the American in charge was having them do. And this was a U US embassy decision. And they did a fake crisis for the benefit of the administration to deceive them. And I mean, I've got the email traffic and it's got the word doc of who drafted it, the embassy. I don't have the demand letter. Who drafted it? It was the guy in American Citizen Services. He was a, you wanna throw his name out there? Oh, I don't think he was, I think he was doing it at the direction of the deputy who gives a shit Deputy chief of Michigan. Well, he's an Afghan he was a, I don't wanna put him at risk, but I I have the He speaks perfect English.


Yeah, he does speak perfect English. And, and, and like I said, I think he's following orders. 'cause but here's the fun part. I hate that excuse. I I hate it too. I I think that's like the dcy excuse following orders. Absolutely. But here's, here's the kicker. This deputy chief omission, she came and did a deposition and we were not allowed where does, where does the following orders end? You know what I mean? Well, I think he was doing it the direction Oh yeah. Wait, following order. What the fuck does that mean? No, I I I I agree with that. I think that you are, you we're obligated to follow the law of orders of the president of the United States and his delegated authority. But I, I still think that we have an obligation to uphold American values as we're doing that.


And we have to do it in the, in the most conscientious way possible. But I, I think that an important fact that listeners would be interested to know, talk about government misconduct for, it's, it's not just a, not just an interfering back then it's been for three years through all of these cases, they've tried to file statements and withhold information from the American public and the courts. That is the responsibility of the, the previous administration's Department of Justice. Like you can't lie to courts. You can't file statements that say, oh, we, we received this letter And it was an arms lakes transaction when it's not true.


And we've been raising the red star cluster, as if you will, for lack of a better term, all along. So this, this deputy chief omission, while she was up at her unfair ambassadorship, provided sworn statements and testimony get this, the Department of Justice would not let us ask questions in what's called cross-examination. They, she could only testify about what they wanted her to testify about what the DOJ wanted them to say, which is that this is nothing to see here. And these, these letters were arms, lakes transactions, the ones her office drafted, they were trying to force those on the courts and say for the truth of what was in the letters, which was a lie that they drafted and we weren't allowed to cross examine them.


Can you imagine the government coming in and saying, and and this is focused on government conduct here? Not, not the, the courts, state courts. Can you imagine the government coming in and saying something, You know, is a lie and you've asked for the document and they won't give it to you. And you can't ask 'em questions like, Hey, was that true? What was written? Who drafted that? Did anyone in your office draft it? You can't even ask those questions. They're trying to put this facade of, of actual due diligence in what they did and it's a lie. And then on top of it, that same witness witness air quotes is telling the Afghan the only person on earth who can contradict her story not to participate.


Like I've got the email traffic where he, he reaches out and asked her for help and she's like, ah, I can't help you. And then he is like, should I participate? And she's like, oh, I wouldn't. And like, who does that? What's this woman's name? Her name is Donna Walton. She was the deputy chief position. Yeah. Donna Walton. No, she's an ambassador. She's an ambassador now. Yeah. To what I, I think it was Team Moore less, if that's how you say it, right. At the time. I don't dunno if she still is or not, I haven't followed her career or life or anything. But like I said, they meant it for, for evil or for whatever their purpose was. You know, not American values, but it ended up being for good for many people. And so we're, we're, we're honestly thankful that happened. But I, I mean we should probably circle back to like, where was she for 18 months?


How did she get here? Because that's, that's really when, I mean the, The government has mean are you, you're, we were talking about earlier, you're familiar with the Blackwater case. They deleted the drone footage that proved their innocence. Yeah. Like a five minute segment of drone footage. Well That's what we've been saying. Made it out to say like, they killed a bunch of people in Naau Square back in 2007. Oh, guess what this Tesla has to do with a fucking peace deal or not a peace deal. The status of forces agreement that, that kept us in Iraq. Wow. Deleted the drone, deleted the fucking drone footage. It's like a five minute segment. You see the thing roll up, then the gunfight happens, they delete that five minute segment and they're like, oh, we routinely delete this because we need to save memory.


It's like everything before that and everything af after. Like if you were saving, saving memory, then you would've just kept the actual gunfight, which is the important part and deleted all the other shit. But the, the But and I, I fucking Hate our government Man. 'cause that's so, I hate 'em. I love our people and our government needs to reflect the, the people. But I think that we have so many documented instances in our case of over classification of clearly unclassified material. I'll give you like specific examples. Redactions under pretext to hide that we were communicating with like that we were fully authorized at every level of government to do what we did.


'cause they, they tried to portray that this was major mass, like making this up and hiding it and like going in the background like we were broadcasting from the rooftops advocating for this little girl. And, And it was a righteous colos. And, and everything since then has been orders changing. Like I had full authorization to testify in my own case. And guess what this mega law firm asked their former partner who worked in the sec defs legal advisors to for assistance and they got revoked the night before one of our hearings. And so like, again, this is focused on government misconduct, not the the state court stuff. But who does that, like how does the, how does the military chain of command authorize you to testify about what You know and then revoke it the night before?


What was supposed to be the only hearing where we would like the last one. And so it was intended to prevent us from putting on a case at all. Like even me telling you what I knew about Afghanistan or what I knew about the intel I have, I have a list over here of this is a, this right here is a letter saying what we can and can't talk about from the Department of Justice. And oh by the way, the same attorney who defended the government's decision to turn her over to the Taliban in the first place is the gatekeeper of government information. So she gets to decide ultimately what gets released and what doesn't. And do you think that she wants to be proven wrong that they, they helped hand a child over to non-relative terrorists or do you think she doesn't want that to come out?


Who's this woman? Her name is Kathy Wire. She's a senior civil division state or department of justice attorney. She, she, she represented the government in the temporary restraining order hearing where we're like, Hey, all the intel is your attorneys over to non-relative terrorist. She was the attorney on that. And then she got tasked to this case years later. Is she still involved? Oh yeah, very much. Yeah. They're very much involved. So they're the ones orchestrating. So instead of us getting witnesses and being able to cross examine them and ask 'em questions, what they'll do is they'll submit a declaration and a statement of interest of the United States. And it's really just this one person in DOJ who's pretty high up and who's friends with the mega attorney, mega law firm attorneys. And they'll write the court like they literally help write whatever the witness is going to say.


And we had this during Covid where they would just draft witness statements and they adopt it. And that's the, the statement. And you can't question it. It's written by an attorney. It's just signed off by some person with the right background and the right name to do it. And so here's, I think this is the clearest way to show what the government has done in this case. Like to put their thumb on the scales of justice. It's what we can't talk about. And so this says, notwithstanding the responses and authorizations identified above the following categories of information have not been authorized and should be excluded from. And that's all caps from any testimony, evidence, or filings in this proceeding. And so this is discussing what's called TUI authorization, which is a law that says if you learn something in your government duties, it's official information and you have to have permission to testify.


And the DOD policy is, is that information like that should be made reasonably available to courts. 'cause they're like a disclosure type of, of disposition unless it's classified or restricted for some reason that's like justifiable. So in this case, I've had my orders changed three different times. We've asked for multiple witnesses gotten denied. Right. And what, what they've used this as a shield and a gag to prevent what actually happened from coming out. And here's, here's a perfect illustration. So quote, I can't talk about in court. Like they can't restrict your first amendment rights outside of that. That's why I'm telling you. But quote information prepared by the Department of Defense for the International Committee of the Red Cross and Afghan social worker.


So I've been told that I cannot tell them that my colonel signed a very similar memorandum for the Afghan some NGOs and released it to them five years ago, which I had from civil discovery. I was told I can't mention that in court. And do You know why? Because they filed affidavits saying that major mass helped draft this declassified mission summary and so it's not reliable. So they said I could talk about the, what I had drafted and then they attacked me and said that I had made this stuff up, but they told me I couldn't use my colonel's memo that he signed in the proceeding. So we got it from the Afghans, it's, it'll be up on your website and they people can go see exactly what the government didn't want you to know.


And, and it's really not, when I say government, it's very loose. Like I understand they represent the United States, but it's like a couple attorneys that work in civil division, DOJ, that have a lot of discretion and they've abused it and, and they coordinated with, like I said, a former 15 year partner at one of these mega law firms who was working in the SEC defs office. I've got email traffic with them asking them to do these things. Like you don't get your orders revoked from on high, You know, by accident. That doesn't ha that that does not happen. And, and I've got about three or four times back and forth in my command and I, I don't blame my command at all. My, my commanders are phenomenal warriors. They're like, MARSOC is for real good people, but it's so high up in the bureaucracy and it's coming from other agencies.


So it sounds like this to your commander. Oh, there's interagency interest in major math. And what that really means is an attorney at this mega law firm has been a partner with this other person for 15 years who happens to be working in the previous administration's legal advisor to a, a service secretary or the SEC staff's office. And so they have a revolving door with partners that do that and that's how they, they use power and get favors from the government. And I, I'm not even saying it's not illegal. It's just when they use it for purposes like this, it can be abused And it has significantly. And so here's the next thing. I'm not allowed to talk about information submitted to the US Citizen Immigration Services by another office in DDOD. And that's a really, really bland way of saying here is the deputy assistant SEC devs, it's the Deputy Assistant SEC Devs Parole Agency initiated parole visa request.


So this is A-D-A-S-D level saying, our little girl's a stateless minor, the mass have received guardianship because of the unique circumstances. Recognize she's A DOD dependent, basically REC formally recognizing this and making a request to U S A IS to send her to the US and give her a visa. And we asked for this document for like three years And it came out, they delayed its release until it couldn't impact the proceedings at all. Because You know, when you, when it, when you're trying to say that major mass behind everyone's back, well, how do you have a, a memo signed by the deputy assistant SEC death? And then they said, oh, well it was major mass talking to, or Captain Mass at the time talking directly to this office. And then they denied the colonel who was his action officer who, who went and verified all this because they're professionals.


They don't go and go off of some, what some captain says. They go verify it with range regiment and look at the sensitive site exploitation material that they pulled off objective. And the colonel who helped draft this for the deputy assistant SEC def testified at our board and he's personally told me that there is pictures of the dead biological mother, young, strong Asian facial features. And in contrast with that, it's supposed to be like a 40-year-old pashtoon female mother. So like not the same person. Right? Those two things can't be true at the same time. And so do you want to, do you wanna trust the photograph and the intelligence that task force created that ranger regiment verified? Or do you want to trust these bureaucrats who are selfs servingly saying, oh, this is an innocent farmer and calling our by implication, calling our, our rangers and criminals.


That's just unacceptable. And I, I can go down the list. I've got six more. So I, I will, what I will do is I'll provide this for, these have all been released by FOIA or by two e or by due process rights for my board. And so I can, I, I can share this information and these are all in our whistleblower complaint to Congress, like in detail outlining exactly where it's, it's been lied, but I I I, I'll belabor the point for one more, one more point that says, oh, this, this memo that I told you about from Mike Colonel right now, this, this document here was sent by a Dutch NATO female, a a Dutch NATO worker to the Afghans and the ICRC, right?


Right Now because of over classification in an NCS investigation, in my case, they have marked this secret, no foreign, this document that we, we got in litigation And it was sent to a Gmail account, right, to cover this up. Because originally they were saying, oh, you're not authorized to talk about it. Well, then we got it from an outside the government source. 'cause this only applies to information the government provided you. So then we got ahold of it and then they over classify it as secret, no foreign, like by definition, when you provide things to foreign governments, it is not secret no foreign when it goes from a NATO member to multiple people outside of the government's control. It's not secret, no foreign.


And so like that's just, it's blatant abuse of our processes to weaponize the system. And it's to cover what this says. 'cause they don't want the American people to see it. 'cause it makes 'em look bad. And this is, You know, the, the senior attorney for all of Afghanistan signing off on the declassified intel, like I I, our office helped draft a declassified missions summary and we, we routed that up through the, the FDL process, but our colonel used subsets of that data to, for specific targeted memorandums for, for, to protect this child. And You know, five years after the fact they're saying nobody can see this.


And, and that's just scratching the surface. I don't even want to get into like the terror watch list stuff and all that because I, I've been so attacked for even having witnessed them flagging the terror watch list that it's, it's a, we, we joke about it, we've had lots of kids at home. So we, we say we like, we don't talk about Bruno, so we don't talk about Dulles is kind of the joke in our household because they have these mega law firms have successfully gotten some terrorism records scrubbed off the terror watch list. And and they Have what They have gotten some terrorism records related to this scrubbed off the watch list. And I don't know how they did that, but we had marked unclassified FOUO documents that I've been told were now been retroactively classified as secret no foreign.


So they could not be used in this case. And Yeah, we've heard this shit before too. And it, And It is just like, it's exactly what you said with these Blackwater guys. Yeah. It's like why are the five minutes that prove you're innocent gone? You know, why not the rest of it. Yeah. And that's kind of why this shit Happens all the time. It should. This is how our government works. Well, I, I think that's changing. I I I I think there's a, I hope it's Changing. I thinks a morale, this is how it works. This, this shit's set it up And, and so circling back, we, we talked about her being gone for 18 months and what, what happened in that time period. And I think a lot of Americans would like to know that, 'cause it, it, it explains the narrative that's been pushed in the media.


So then I, she's gone, there's no like no way to find her like to an anonymous person. We don't know where they're gonna be told they might be Pakistani. So this, this Kim Motley is a phenomenal human rights attorney. She finds her, she had had some experience with traffic children in Afghanistan were like a, someone marries a, a western wife and then they split and they take the kids and they go back to Afghanistan. So she had negotiated with that and then some other like actual child trafficking cases. And so she finds her in like a few days and she sent us some proof of life photos.


And that's when we saw this, this, this towel, I think that's my, based on my training and like his appearance. And we were told that she's in a slum. Yeah, we were told she was in a slum that was so dangerous. The ICRC wouldn't send people back that she had started shaking and they had taken her back to the hospital and they said, You know, we don't have the capability to treat her in Afghanistan. And that, and then some time starts going by, it's covid, right? Everything's shut down. And so Kim's goal was simply to get her evaluated, Sparrow evaluated in Kabul, added a a a a western hospital that was a private hospital that she helped represent. And so we had gotten authorization from this older man to, to have her checked out to explain like in your own language what's, You know, what's wrong with child and, and what the long-term concerns were.


And we were told that he had hired and like literally that text message in evidence at our board says, I've hired a woman to care for her and I pay her a salary. And, And it was this like 16-year-old 17-year-old girl. And, and so this, this old guy had pondered off already with a, an unmarried girl. And we have come to find out over the last few years she was living in like a group setting like with 23 other people with extended family members and such. And in what I believe were dangerous situations. I'm, I'm hesitant to, I I should probably say one thing before I go into it. But this Pashto guy that we've been in, in this conflict with, the first thing he told me was that she doesn't live with him.


That his dad was responsible to the Taliban for her and that she lives with some other people that are like parents to her. That's what this guy tells me. And I have an audio clip of this that you guys can provide to the audience to show that. And it's been disguised to protect his identity and all those things to meet those requirements. But that's in evidence at our board. Hi Amad. I hope your son's doing better today. I was wondering if you could at some point, if you have a minute, send him a voice message about asking, just asking how she was doing or if she, she's okay with the explosions going off or whatever. I'd kind of like to figure out where she is and I'd, I'd also like to know how she's doing. But I I if you have time just at some point.


Thanks.


So when I say so, I believe him when he said she was not living with him ever like, it, it, it it for any portion of the time. And when she got to the states, one of the things that concerned was is I'm, I'm a special victims trial counsel certified, which means I have special training to deal with child victims and victims of sexual assault. And her as a 2-year-old, The sensitive way to say is she was exhibited, she was demonstrating signs of trauma. The girl, the baby at Bagram was no longer there. Like that was the, the bright eyes, big smile, just open face.


Typical baby. When we finally saw her after that eight 18 month span, she was closed off. I, it was to the point where I, for a split second, I wondered if it was the same child because she was so distinctly different. Her eyes were guarded, her face was closed off. She was like very defensive. And it wasn't until I saw the scar on her leg, which is very distinct. I was like, that's her. Like, it it, I was like kind of looking at her face, like just looking for those glimpses that from all the photos from, from the hospital, like looking for that little girl. And she was to say that she was traumatized, it would be an understatement.


And, And and the, the FBI's investigated all these allegations, the media and the day they came to talk to us, we had just returned from the Carousel Center, which is a child sexual forensic facility in Wilmington. And so we had, based on her behavior and her physical characteristics of her, her female parts, we were very concerned because she was exhibiting all the signs of sexual abuse. And I don't think this guy did it because he told me he didn't live with them. I think it happened when you're living with 23 other random people in your house or however the communal living and you have people going to high school and finishing high school and not having like a s a specific person watching her.


And, and in a society where you have a lot of that type of abuse going on, I a hundred percent believe that she was sexually abused. I don't think this guy in America now did it because he told me she didn't live with him. But we didn't even try to use that in court because I believe him when he said she wasn't living with me, he had no reason to lie at that time. He has a reason to lie now. But she was traumatized by her experience there. She was malnourished like way behind on her growth and weight. She was like, she had, she was her stool. She had worms, she had, she was infested with lice. All of us got lice.


Like my whole family had to deal with that for like a week. 'cause it's like very full grown lice. She's, she's got an allergy to German cockroaches, which is an acquired allergy from, from being around like, like that type of insect I guess. And it was, it was, we're so thankful she got out. Like, and, and I think she was young enough where that's not gonna affect her, but she still carries the baggage from that. And like everything we're warning about in our lawsuit saying like, sexual abuse, malnourishment lack of access to medical care. It took her three years to get an MRI like that picture of her skull fracture when people are like, oh, she's medically complete, she'll be fine.


Like that's the embassy's perspective. Like if you look at that skull fracture and imagine that's on a 2-year-old, what did it look like as an infant? It's a larger area of her head. Like she looks like an a cracked egg. Like there were legitimate safety concern. Do these fucking people know this? Who, who's, who's that? These attorneys, these mega law firms. I think they've done everything they can to shut that down. Satanic. I I I have no idea what they was. What is this shit? I I think they, they just believed the lie. Do they want to happen? I I think in their minds they think that she's going to have a little white picket fence life with these afghans here in the states. And and I don't think they realize the, the real players in this story.


'cause it's really not between us and them. I don't, they they don't have legal authority under their own legal system for this child. They were, they told us half a dozen times they were responsible to other people. And what blows my mind is this is what happened in the board of inquiry. The FBI interviews these afghans like close to day one, like in the country in the evacuation camps. And do You know what they tell the FBI that the, this is a quote, her two uncles, uncles are the authority for life, not them. They cite to two other people as authority for life. And the Taliban commander said she couldn't come to America.


So that's what they tell the FBI Do You know what the DOJ that under the previous administration has filed in our statement of interest in the United States, they've said that these people are her legal guardians and parents, they told them they weren't, they've had that information for three years and they're hiding that from the court. How do you as an attorney for the United States government go tell a court these people are parents when you have statements that are felonies if they're not true, saying the opposite. How do you do that? Like each these legal positions that the United States air quotes United States with the civil division have taken are based on things they know are lies they actually have rips of their phones from.


And this guy told me before he came to American Lines, he told my turp, Hey, I've got many Taliban militants in my phone. Will that be a problem when I come to US forces? 'cause he brought her to get evacuated. And so like they've got their phone rips sitting there on their front desk. Like if I'm cash Patel, I'd be like, let's see if there's any terrorism contacts on there. 'cause he also flagged on the watch list. And they also said they were responsible to the Taliban governor for her. And they told the FBI they were obligated to the Taliban to go talk to them. And they said no. And so like we, during the evacuation, we risked everything to make sure they got out okay. Like I've got email traffic saying I don't want two Taliban murders in my head. 'cause I knew the risk.


My commander said, you're gonna have to choose between Sparrow and them because the assets we're gonna use to collect them. Don't give a fuck about Afghans. And that's a quote. They're going to probably put a gun in their face and take 'em. And so like what I like to say to the American people is if we were trying to take a child from a quote parents from quote family, that would've been a pretty good time to do it. Instead we delayed the mission from a national mission force that ultimately rescued them from behind Taliban lines for over 24 hours and tried to get a volunteer group to go get 'em like some of these great Americans who were like going behind Taliban lines to get 'em out. Like Chad Robos folks and like other groups, we had 'em lined up with seats paid for on the aircraft from the Mercury one funding.


And we had a group of, of five three kids plus Sparrow and these two costumes and she was like eight months pregnant. So like we delayed everything, risked them all to, to get them out safely. And so like, I guess that's the level of fidelity we had on this. The first time I ever spoke to this post guy was in July of 2021, a couple months before, like five weeks before the evacuation ended. Day one, I explained who I am, why I care like that I, I worked at the hospital that my job in afg or worked for the hospital to try to get a safe outcome for her that my job in Afghanistan was to make sure only bad people got hurt in our strikes.


You know, kind of explaining like at the grassroots level what a targeting attorney does in Afghanistan. We, we explained that we were told she was foreign, that we had sought legal responsibility in the US that she had a complete US identity. And the entire, from day one it was send her to fly out before the Taliban takeover. Like that's what the pitch was. And the the first thing this guy asked me, w what what do you think he asked for is, he's like, could I get a visa for me and my brother-in-law to come to America because everybody wants to come to America. I don't even blame him for that. But that is the first thing on this person's mind. Like, and I, and I, I think that the best way to explain that to the audience who's not deployed is to say like, it's, it's a very day-to-day survival, like hand to mouth environment.


It's not even their fault, right? It's, it's, if you're not wealthy there, if you're not making money off the Americans being there, like you're dirt poor. And, and, and so a lot of it, they're not planning what they're gonna do next month. They're not planning on like their five year goal. It's how do I survive today? And And it was very clear from the get go that this guy was trying to survive and get whatever he could out of this. And, and I'm not even blaming him for that. I'm really, I blame the Americans who enable these, these lies and abuses of our systems. But like as God is my witness from day one in detail, and that's exactly what our interpreter testified to, and that's in evidence at our BOI. That's what, there is no evidence to contradict that ever because it's, it's what we did.


We, I mean how do you, she ultimately got rescued by a national mission force from behind Taliban lines. How do you explain to someone beard to bend with guns are gonna come in helicopters and get this child and we're gonna bring you two. How do you explain that that's gonna happen to someone to, and Afghan a post male from southern Afghanistan? You don't, you have, they used her military ID to identify her to US forces. Like he, he told my interpreter like, don't tell, don't tell Joshua. That's what he called me. But I have many Taliban militants on my phone. Will this be a problem when I come to US lines and I had a JSO colonel come and testify at our board of inquiry that corroborated all the, all the, not the allegations, the derogatory information, if that makes sense.


But I've got the Department of Justice filing in front of our court saying, oh, that was, he was never, never any derogatory or not not affiliated with terrorism. I mean, I've got a guy who said, my dad's responsible to the Taliban shadow governor, not where he lives, where she was recovered from the guy responsible for those camps. He said that that and that that guy said, no, I mean, and and they're describing this in detail over conversations for like six weeks. 'cause it took a couple weeks to trek up there in the, and if you think about what's going on is the Taliban started with the Northern Alliance areas this time and then they, they they swept down into their natural strongholds in the south. And so Sparrow and these, these two pashtons, they spent like several, like a week and a half in their huddling in their homes while there's like urban combat in some of these southern Afghan cities.


And his biggest concern was, I, I'm worried the artillery concussion is gonna hurt my unborn child. 'cause his wife was pregnant, she was like 19 and eight months old. And so that was his concern. And like I'm having conversations through an interpreter, but with this guy and what, what come, come to find out the, the language this interpreter's using is the very strongest language in PTO for guardian, legally responsible. He's using words wally, which is an Arabic term, but it's used in Islamic legal like writings and such. And it means like the responsible person or the, and then a ma, which is another word for like responsibility or the one in charge.


And then I, I messed this one up a lot so my Afghan friends will make fun of me later, but it sarro, which is like the responsible person. And so he's using the strongest words in this guy's native language to explain this to him. And then I have, I'm on video saying I will try to fly to cobble and bring her documents, all her original documents. And so essentially what happened was this guy tells me she doesn't live with him, she lives with some other family. She doesn't live with his dad, she lives with some other family. He said, my dad's gone to speak to the shadow governor. And then like two weeks go by and it's getting to be about August 14th or 15th, right, right before the Taliban take cop.


He comes back and he says, the Taliban said no. And so we're like, what do you do? And no the, so then the evacuation starts. And so before there was no way to get all of them out, right? They're like, the Taliban will kill us if, if we bring her. And he told me like, oh sir, you're so kind. Thank you. I think she should go live with you in America. You know, can she go to college? Like they're asking questions like that. My dad wants to know this, my dad wants to know that. He's always saying his father was the one in charge. I had questions. And so like, let me talk to your dad. Lemme talk to the Taliban shadow governor. Like, You know what I mean? They, I'm pulling out all stops 'cause I know it's ending. 'cause at at, at the unit I was at, we had Intel reports of how bad it was.


And so two days after the evacuation started, I had had the privilege of helping another Marine friend of mine. I saw a plea on Facebook, a friend of a friend and this Marine was at the war college and he was trying to get his turp out and he was stuck outside the, the gates. And he'd been there for like three days with a bunch of little kids. And so I was like, Hey man, send me that stuff. I can send it on a red line. And I had reached out to the, so sent l and o to ask like, hey, how, what is the process for for requesting they evacuate people and they're like, man, there is no process. We're we're building this plane and flying it. And so I, I was like, holy cow. So I, I scrounged around and I got a, a sipper, a a a a secret red line to Hcaa where I could talk to the SJA who was a friend of mine who I knew.


And I talked to him at the early stages and he's like, I am an oh four SJA in the Marine Corps and I just laid sea wire, concertina wire and cleared an airport with like 250 Marines. That's what I did today. He's like, this is unbelievable. And like never seen anything worse. I mean a major lays concertina wire, a judge advocate, like they were get, they were like overrun. And like, as I'm communicating with them, they're, they're saying things like, the situation's not good. Like the State Department people are leaving, we have no guidance. It's changing. Like they were afraid they were gonna get overrun again. Like it was bad. And so like we, that first group that I got out or I helped get out like that, that major was really plugged in with, it was called the Zaki Family.


And they're, and they're in the states, they're safe, thank God. But they got out and so he got flooded with a bunch of other requests from other marines like, hey, my TURPs outside of this gate or that gate. And so he started filtering those to me because I was able to assist with that original one. And so I got sucked in and like for the next two weeks, like totally ad hoc, didn't have to, just did what every other, like people who had connections tried to do and, and help get our allies out. Like guys who'd gone to war with us and if a Marine vouched from 'em, we would get a Marine to go find them and pull 'em in. It was unbelievable. So like, like all these groups, like, You know, Consilium, no one left behind Pineapple Express, You know, mighty Oaks folks.


It, it was, it was probably the worst two weeks that I personally experienced just with the huge highs and huge lows of getting people out and knowing they had no hope. But in the midst of that, we experienced a miracle with my command authorizing me to try to go to Afghanistan during all of that craziness. And then ultimately with the national admission force getting her. But how did they get her? So as soon as I got word, they were well. So he came back and said, the Taliban said no and they'll kill us. We can't go.


I was like, disobey the Taliban. The president just got on the TV and said, anyone at risk or anyone who's helped us forces can try to get out. And so I said, if you bring a, she's viewed as a U us person by US forces. If you bring her to US forces that's helping the United States and I will do everything I can to get you out. And then I went downstairs and I talked to my colonel, I was like, sir, crazy story we've been doing, the State Department dumped our little girl two years ago. We've been working to get her out. You know, she has medical concerns, they've reported like shaking and such. She's coming with a post male and a pregnant female. And then, oh by the way, the interpreter that I'm using to speak to him, he's like, Hey sir, my 15-year-old sister lives in the Northern Alliance areas in the north and they just passed it.


The Taliban just made an edict that they have to provide lists of the 15 to 45-year-old unmarried women and the, the Taliban fighter's gonna marry them and then take them back to Wze stand when they're, when You know, they're done with their campaign. And he's like, I really like my my sister not to have to marry a Taliban fighter and go to Wze stand. And I was like, he's like, can we try to get her out? And so I was working with Kim Motley at the time and we were helping each other with different connections in Afghanistan. And she got hundreds of women like at risk women out and we were helping each other 'cause I could get people over the wall and she could get 'em seats out. But like, she seemed like the Afghan like female robotics team.


Like a lot of the staff was like, I believe it was the New York Times at some of the media agencies. They got him out and she was like almost single headedly responsible for hundreds of lives and she helped us too. And so we, this is, so this is what we did. We moved my interpreter's 15-year-old sister, his like seven or 8-year-old brother and his, he had a teenage brother as well. Three kids, 180 miles south through Taliban lines. These two posh tunes came 280 miles north. And we rented an Airbnb of all things in Kabul, Afghanistan during the fall about a mile and a half west of the airport. And we used it as a safe house. And I go talk to my colonels like permission to take emergency leave and fly into Kabul commercial through India.


'cause there's still a few flights. 'cause that's how the American volunteers were getting in and then going behind Taliban lines and getting people out. It was unbelievable. And so like we got sucked, sucked into that cycle of just trying to get as many like allies out. And in the, in that process, Several instances where we were interacting with the Marines at Abbey Gate right before it got blown up. So you flew in? I did not, so no, I'm sorry, I should clarify. I was authorized to fly in and then my colonel's like, because he's a phenomenal human being and like just a special operations warrior, he was like, that's what I'd do if I was a parent permission granted.


And then he was like, well I should probably tell the general. And so then they routed up to CENTCOM and they're like, heck no, you're not taking emergency leave in Kabul, Afghanistan. So they shut that down and I was told to hold and, but my, my colonel was, was former JSO liaison for our unit and he got her added to the targeting list of the National Mission force and she got elevated. And so that's when we had that conversation about choosing between her safety and their safety. And I, I I, I have documentation where like I cannot do that. And I personally spoke to the, the two at the National Mission Force and she personally guaranteed like they would take them all 'cause they had no documents and no connection to the US and they were using her military ID to get her on a bird.


And so they went and smashed em behind, behind Taliban lines and smashed 'em up and flew 'em into the airport on a helicopter. And, and so our kids and the pregnant lady didn't have to go through the, the huge crowds 'cause we had other groups like crushed her, like pregnant women, like giving birth prematurely and losing the child. Like it was, it was horrific conditions. And man what these, what these people on the ground were going through. Like I'm talking to guys that deployed multiple times the Middle East saying it's the worst thing they've ever seen in the GWA. And You know, they're throwing their kid at the end, they're, they're like, just for the hope of getting out, they're throwing their kids over the walls and they don't know that there's like C wire on the other side and that it's getting hung up in the, in the and in the bleed now.


And I, I even had several instances where they would empty out some of the handicapped children's orphanages and use them as like, so, so the, the, the process was they hand up a child that was very young or or handicapped and then they would let them through the gate and they'd link up with them. But a lot of these kids were getting abandoned, right? 'cause they were being used as a ploy to get into the airport by desperate people. And so they were collection points for these children and even to the point where like, they're terminally ill children that eventually died in the US And we were trying to find out if anyone somehow could find out who this, so they'd have someone there when the child died in the, in the United States. Like I don't think people realize how crazy that was, like that mission set was.


And ironically my replacement, I I was the executive officer for Raider Battalion for a while, or Raider Sport Battalion. And I replaced the previous XO was the planner who planned the evacuation ad hoc. And he was like, Hey man, I plan most of this on like my 4G phone and I was briefing the president on a napkin and then all this ad hoc and like basically what we had done, what we had experienced was across DOD all these vets of the wars were trying to get their connections to get their people safely out. And like such a heroic execution of a terrible mission. Like a mission that, I mean I, I think was unnecessary and based on my just happenstance I thought at the time, but like bouncing around Afghanistan and my deployments, You know, seeing the strategic difficulties of flying out of an airport where the, the population center is right, built up onto it and like it's just the mercy of the Taliban.


They're not shooting down our C seventeens and You know, and, and then listen to some of these other guys on the ground. Like, like you mentioned I think earlier Sergeant, Sergeant Tyler Vargas and his account of like watch them beat people to death if we rejected them. Like all that stuff was common knowledge. Like we were getting reports of other suicide bombers, other attacks and like it was a ticking time bomb to get these people out. And the, the marines of soldiers just executed just heroically a a really bad mission set. I still, I cry like a baby every time I think about it. I, I watched, we ended up, Steph and I both ended up going to Ramstein to meet our group 'cause they, they, they got through Doha.


We had some rangers go find them. And I talked to the tower at Doha and I'm like, my group just got put on a plane. Where are they going? He's like, sir, we don't have manifest, we have no idea where anybody, like, we're just packing people on planes. And he listed off like 12 tail numbers and all over the globe. Like Greece, Italy, Spain, Germany, You know, it was like they were going everywhere. And so we guessed like the, the most planes were gonna ramstein like 60% of 'em. So like the biggest chance was to go to Ramstein to try to meet up with them because we had all of, all of our documents, we had vouched for these people, disobeying the Taliban. So I was there to advocate like, hey, these people disobeyed the Taliban for us. They brought a U us person to US forces, You know, using our military Id like, we literally shepherded them through the process and they, they knew that from day one It, it wasn't incredible that part.


And, And it was like, it was a chaotic, that wasn't the plan, it was just the plan evolved as all of this was happening. And I took some pictures along the way, which I think I've shared of, of just 'cause for me, You know, just, I'm a photographer by trade, but it just, it felt like it, what Joshua was doing and the stories I was just overhearing of all, all, everything that was transpiring. It was just so significant. It was almost historical. And so I took, for whatever reason we were driving up to Baltimore to fly out to Ramstein, Germany and Josh was on the phone and he was trying to get a group of 14 I think that had visas to Australia.


And he was on the phone with someone on the ground and, and, and in Kabul. And I just had this urge, I mean, probably not the best idea of driving, but I just picked up my phone and I just hit record and I started recording him on this phone call. 'cause it's just significance not every day that you're speaking to people directly on the ground while all this is going on. And it ended up being the Marine that died, I think the very next day at Abbey Gate. And she personally, Joshua was talking to her niece, like, I've got a group, they, there are visas or they, it's been verified they can get through. And she's like, well the Australians are not here. And he is like, well wouldn't it be a shame if 14 people can't get through because Australians aren't here.


And so she, and and so she go ahead. Yeah, I think I should for her, for their family. So these marines at Abby Gate, they like selflessly sacrificed for people they didn't even know. And it was, it, it wasn't a waste. Like there's real people with real different lives now because of their sacrifice. Entire Family units. That particular one was, they had Australian visas, it was a Hazara family and their Shia Muslims and so they're both racially and religious minority. And she was a female activist, this matriarch, if you will, of this family.


And she had been specifically called out by the Taliban and because of that the Australians had granted them visas. And so they've got everything from like a couple month old baby to like 6-year-old men and like 14 people in between. And they are stuck in Abbey gate in the ditch at two in the morning and a call goes out on the nets, like, does anybody know any Australians? And I knew one Australian I deployed with in Afghanistan and I still had his number. So I reach out and it's like whatever time in the morning and Australia, I'm like, Hey sir, remember me, You know, I'm, I'm, this is what I'm doing. I'm, You know, I'm, I'm working these groups, there's Australian visas. I was like, do You know anybody running the Australian response in Kabul? And he's like, oh, well my brother-in-law is actually running it, the op center in Doha right now.


Here's his number. I like my, the only Australian in my phone's brother-in-law is doing that. So I'm like, ugh. So I called Dohan and I talked to this nice Australian and he's like, oh, I'm sorry, our calms are down. We can't reach them right now. I'm like, what? I'm just called dohan my cell phone while driving to Dulles to try to fly out over there, right? And so that's not gonna be good enough. Like it's just not, could be, You know, fast enough. And so I'm like, are there any Americans? Can you see any Americans to this lady who speaks broken English? And she's like, there's one. And so she hands off the phone, I'm like, I'm like, Hey, I made your Mast. I've been helping with, You know, vet these paperwork different applicants to get 'em through. My guy's not responding for a for the gate. Can you please pull these people in and find some Australians?


And she's like, sir, she's like, it's a female voice. And on every, she's like, hello. And like I'm explaining my stuff and she's like, the Australians aren't doing 24 hour ops right now and it's two in the morning. They don't come on until six. She's like, what do you want me to do? I'm like, I want you to pull these people in and sit 'em down and wait for Australians. And she's like, well I have to hand you off my captain. So he, she hands me off to the captain. I explained the same story and this is what he says to me. He's like, sir, I'm looking at 15,000 people trying to get in this gate and I'm playing God about who gets to go, what do you want me to do? And I was like, like, like she said, I said, wouldn't it be awful if these people have a seat on an Australian aircraft and tickets? I verified that with the Australians. I just got off the phone with them.


Wouldn't it be awful if they don't get out because the Australians aren't doing 24 hour ops right now. And he's like, yeah, we'll bring 'em in. And so they sent me a video from Australia, but we were in the air flying to Ramstein to meet our group when Aby gate happened and landed And it was, it was a ghost town. Everybody stopped work. There was, there was no restaurants open, like the mall, all that stuff. Everybody stopped and they volunteered and they were building a tent city the entire length of Ramstein, like bigger than Kuwait. They were like they, or, or, and seen some of those bases with all those tents.


Like it looked like that. But on, on the runway. And they put 11,000 Afghans the first day we got there and 17,000 more the next day. And it was, it was building tents as you put people into them. It was craziness. And these people look traumatized. 'cause a lot of 'em had spent, You know, three, four or five days outside, a couple days to get on an airplane. They cram 'em in there without, You know, no restrooms, no moving space. Like there were fights on the planes and babies and people dying. And, and then they, they all got bottlenecked in Doha for the most part in un air conditioned like terminals. 'cause we were trying to find our group and they called us saying like, Hey, we, we don't feel well, we don't have water. Like trying to get them through that process.


So they landed in Germany and we were sitting in the USO in Ramstein alone. Like we're probably the only people in the terminal, maybe three other people. And so seeing some ambulances pull up, I'm like, what's that? You know? And then you realize like it's just these, it was our, our our casualties. They were taking 'em and taken 'em to land stool medical center there. And they just got off the plane and, and there's just so many, 'cause there was 30 something wounded in addition to the kilt. And we was just watched them take, You know, body after body of or wounded off the aircraft and take him over there.


And I remember sitting there with, there was the State Department lead for, for that basis was a reservist, a Marine, a phenomenal person. He actually got sent home because he was raising the alarm of how dangerous it was for the child safety issues that were happening at Ramstein. He got sent home to the US because he's like, Hey, this is dangerous. We need to do better than this. And, but we're sitting there and just crying our eyes out, watching these marines come up, the birds. And I, I've always wanted to express the gratitude and like the, just having observed what their, their children went through and knowing that they kept that gate open longer. 'cause it, it meant life or death for a lot of people.


And like just the selflessness of that, that decision that those marines made and You know, the real world cost of that for people they don't even know. But like, just for me, I know for a fact that they saved 14 people's lives and I got their picture from Australia that they were, they got out because of these marines and I don't know how many others they saved, but I know they saved those people and they've been so dead and by the murdered by the Taliban. And I can't, to know the ground and to know what people were doing and to, to express the evil of that bombing of the just senseless violence.


It's just a, a real focal point of the GWA I think is just the senselessness and the evil we're facing where people think that that is what, You know, God wants them to do, is to blow themselves up in innocence together. I mean that is an evil ideology that I'm happy to fight and I'm thankful for their sacrifice. They, they saved real people. I, I, I'm humbled by having observed it. But I think, You know, we're, we view what happened to her as providential. She saved lives in, in the, in getting people out, including these, these folks, these p students with her.


And, but I can, I can guarantee the American people from day one, we told 'em exactly who we were and what we wanted and this guy thanked us over and over again. Like, oh, I think it's fine. You know, it'll, it'll be, You know, so kind, You know, that like the typical like flowery language stuff. He, he wanted to come to America, which I don't even blame him for. I think he had some conflict with his spouse at some point. I don't know if, I don't think necessarily culturally they have the same sort of impetus to have be in agreement about something. So I don't know what he represented to his wife, but at some point she was like, he promised me that if I came with, I told him if he wants to go to America, you go, I'll stay here in Afghanistan.


And, and he, but he promised me if I came that, that she wouldn't have to leave my side. And so like I, I think this guy probably was playing both sides against the middle. But really what happened at Dulles, we were trying to be sensitive. 'cause You know, it's a horrendous event, right? To have to go through the, that period leaving everything, You know, going through that experience. I mean they, these, this, our particular group got the red carpet, like having the National Mission Force pick you up is the best way to get outta Afghanistan, just saying. But it was still a traumatic event. And so we were trying to expedite them through the refugee stream because of this lady's pregnancy and because of, of sparrow's like medical concerns.


'cause we were worried it trigger seizures basically. But that ended at Dulles that we weren't going to, I I had different obligations kick in at that point. And that's really the story that hasn't gotten out. And that explains the, the, the, the origin of some of the conflict we've had in the US And that's been deliberately, intentionally hidden because it makes perfect sense and it, it totally undermines the narrative that's been out in the media. So where did you guys reunite with Sparrow? We found them at Ramstein. We found them denied.


Yeah, we, we found all of them at Ramstein. We, we advocated to get them expedited and then they were, and so we actually were able to get back to the states like 12 hours before they did. How Did you find them though? That was a minor miracle as well. So You were there too, Stephanie? Yeah, We did. Yeah, I went with them. That wasn't the plan. Like I said, we were, it was just very responsive as to what was going on. I, at the time, my, our youngest son was nine months old. I was still nursing at the time. So it was when Josh was like, we're gonna have to go because we don't know where in the world she's going.


And we're her adoptive parents and so we both need to be there to be present. So I literally gave my nine month old baby to my sister and which she's, I mean like a second mom to him. Anyway, so I gave, I handed him over and we drove up to Baltimore to fly out to Ramstein. And I remember asking Joshua at the point we were, we're like, we didn't know where in the world they were going, like he said. And so he was on the phone with someone at the control tower at Cutter and reading off where all the places were going. And I, I remember asking him, he's like, if we fly all the way to Germany and what if they're not there? I mean like, what's our family look, we're gonna look like idiots if we fly across the world.


And then it's the wrong guess. And he's like basic, he says is educated guess he's like, You know, God's brought this far, far, we're just gonna go for it and see, You know, basically see what happens. And so we did, we boarded the flight and we flew to Germany and landed wood within an hour of each other. Yeah, we got a call that they landed too. So like it was pretty impressive. I I was basically like the national mission four squadron just recovered her from behind Taliban lines. I think we'll be good. Yeah. You know, so we, we pushed with an educated guess And it ended up being right on the money we found them. And then what was weird is, I mean, How did you find her? It was, there had to be thousands of people there. I I, I guess There was 11,000 people.


There was two in the morning and we're walking around 11,000 People there, 11,000 people there. And so we, we get there, it's like two in the morning we get checked in. They, they only let us stay on base because we had family in the, in the stream and we're trying to get 'em their documents. 'cause base was shut down. There was no rental cars available. 'cause all the NGOs that come in back, we walked like 50 miles in a matter of a Couple days to say that it was, so let me, let me paint the picture. You've got a, a a mile or so long runway with a bunch of hangers and a bunch of tents and they don't know who belongs to who. Like there's no documentation. So like do you treat the second or third wife, 13-year-old wife of some guy as his wife or do you treat her as an unaccompanied minor?


So these are some of the like cultural and legal barriers that we're trying to figure out without hurting people. And so they split the women, women and kids 12 and under went into the hangers. Men go into the tents. Nobody touched nobody until we figured this out. And like there were significant child safety concerns. Like there they had several hundred unaccompanied minors. 'cause you had a bunch of orphans from the bombing. Like now you're an orphan, what do you do? Or like, there was one, one sibling, I distinctly remember that they were, the Taliban killed their parents and they were like, the Taliban just shot our parents. What do You know? What do we do? And so you had these unaccompanied minors and figuring out how to, or there was people so desperate at the end if you had a visa to America or we were getting let in, they're like, here take my kid, take 'em to America with you.


And so you've got ch unaccompanied minors with non-family members all over the place. And then on top of that, I spent like four days in the cages like walking around. It was super dangerous. Nobody has any weapons. 'cause you're trying not to make it look like a, like that would be a bad optics. But like you've got 10,000 dudes in a cage, like, and people are getting upset, You know what I'm saying? Like, it was not safe. I wouldn't let her go outside of the ECP for that stuff. But I watched like they're probably DIA or CIA like plain clothes dudes with wanted posters and like pulling in the Afghan soft. 'cause you could, they had pieces of their uniform and they carry themselves differently like pulling in like the commandos or the KKA guys and like, go find this dude.


And like they're going and finding like bad guys in this refugee street. And like, I watch that happen over and over again. Like picture go like 15 guys pull 'em in, they do a school circle, they brief 'em, they say go find them and like, like pulling dudes outta the refugee stream. So I'm like, holy cow. And, and that kind of, that plus when they were, when they were processing these groups, they had 'em what they were calling pods. And so pod, the first pod was like basic intake. Who are you, what documents do you have, what connection to the us? And they're, they're vetting them a little bit and, and and so on and so forth. So we were concerned because I had gotten them expedited 'cause of the medical concerns.


There was a medical priority for some of them, like pregnant women or people with diseases or, or, or acute problems. And so for both feral and for this pregnant person, we were trying to get them through. And then also with my interpreter's, three kids or three siblings, they didn't have any documents at all, like, like a birth certificate. And that was it. And they had no connection to this group. So like, making sure that they stayed together and they routed together to the states was very important. And so we, I mean we were relentless in trying to advocate to get 'em through and that succeeded after a few days. But hats off to the, the, the, the staffing And stuff and u and the USOI mean they were, Oh, the USO was phenomenal. I I actually met the de deputy commander of base, his wife at two in the morning was volunteering with the USO in there.


Like, You know, getting coloring books and blankets and like, just serving. And it was, these, these people were so, it was such a traumatic experience. Imagine leaving everything you, You know, and love, You know, from the fear of an, of a great evil like the Taliban and then going to some the whole life In a garbage Bag. Yeah. Your entire life in a garbage bag. And so like we were serving our hearts out to try to like, to get everybody out. Like I was, there was How did you find her though? I think phone just, I think a phone. Yeah. I think they had like a wifi signal at some point. Yeah. So It was very spot Spotty. But they had to be Very close. Yeah, they had a phone and whenever there was wifi they would, yeah, they Would connect, but they would be able to, to connect to wifi and then send us a message.


So we found them, but then we would lose 'em when they processed to the next one. So we'd have to find 'em each day basically. So I think You'd have to find them each day. Yeah. So hold on. I just, I gotta hear some good news. Yeah. What, I mean, what was it like the first time you found her? Oh, that, that was, it was, were you Guys together? We were together, yeah. We were. And they brought her out. And so at that point we were still in the impression based on what we were told, that she may not be able, she, she couldn't walk and so they carried her out and I was sitting on a bench and they, they set her, they were holding her at first and then they set her down so that we could see her. And that was when I first at, like, like I said, she was so turned inward, she would barely look out.


She, she would kind of look up and her eyes, she has really big wi we just joke that's like Jasmine, like Princess Jasmine. She has these big eyes, but her eyes were very closed off and, and she looked like a furrowed brow. And it, and to the point where, like I said earlier, I, I was like, is that her? 'cause our hair was short and just like straw, like, and she was just looked, She sick as dogs? Yeah, just dark circles under her eyes and very thin, You know, she's thin. And I, and I was shocked. And then when I saw, like when she was sitting on the, the woman's lap, I saw this scar on her leg and I was like, that's her. And so they set her down beside me and we took a photo and I have my hand on her back.


And I, the reason why I had my hand on her back is just like any young child where you're afraid like they're tippy or they're gonna fall back. I had my hand on her back to make sure to stabilize her, and then she got down and she walked over. And in that moment I was like, 'cause in my mind, we're still operating from the information we had 18 months prior, medically disabled. So I was shocked. I was like, she's blocking, I, I kinda looked at Josh like, And she kind of tottered like, yeah, she Tottered. But it was such a relief to know that she could even walk at that point because we knew the injuries in her leg. I was just like, wow. She, she can walk. And, and so that first moment it was like, at first it was disbelief, but then it was just relief to see that she's, she can walk, she's alive and this is actually her and we're here.


And that was just a culmination of all of these highs and lows. And like Joshua said, like, what, even though this is a long interview, there's so much emotion in like, like, like any good story. There's triumphs and there's failures, there's heroes, there's villains. And we've like, through this experience, have had all of that. And so in that moment, even with meeting them for the first time, there was such joy and relief And it was just like, we made it to this, to this moment. And yeah, I felt responsible because I didn't wanna leave. Yeah. Deeply responsible. I knew that Taliban would kill people if they disobey them. I, I believe that with every firearm being they would have and just that I didn't, I wasn't responsible for anybody's death was a big relief for me.


Like I was, it was exhilaration, but it was also filled like tragedy. 'cause like you just saw these, these, these kids get blown up and like 170 Afghans and all their surviving orphans and like even some of the national mission force families that I believe had tried to adopt some of the orphans, 'cause they were right there by Abby Gate is where the squadrons were operating out of. And so they were some of the first on scene to secure the scene and, and just scooping up baby, You know, kids that are just recently orphaned and like bonding with them over the next three or four days before they have to evac out on the, I think the 30th. 'cause I, I, I believe that, I can't remember the date of the bombing off the top of my head, but it was a couple days afterwards that they, so you had these kids who were recently orphaned with our guys and, and protecting them and bonding with them.


And so like, we had a lot of, How long were you guys in Ramstein before you took her home? I think it was four days. She flew home on a rotator with them, with our entire group together. And then we, I think we got her a couple days after that 'cause Dulles, Dulles happened and then it took them a few days to get their act together and get her back to us. So it was within a week of that that it, that it all occurred. But So What was it like coming home with her? It was honestly awesome. Like we were so thankful. Like we have some good video of our, our kids getting to see her.


'cause they, they'd FaceTime with her or they, they'd prayed for her, sent videos to her set presents to Afghanistan. And so like to them it was, You know, it was a very distinct person in their lives. She's two, Two years Old. Two years old. Yeah. Really tiny. Good. And she was like walking like a baby deer, like could barely walk. She couldn't run. It took her quite a while to build the strength. So the, her physical therapists were like, this is like the most underdeveloped like lower body we've seen in a child this age. And so like she was, it took her a long time to get strong. It took her a long time to get to her body weight again. But Stephanie's a pretty good nutritionist and, and build that up over time. And really we just, we, we did then what we were planning to do all along.


We just poured everything into her. Yeah, we took it. And so medical, like, I mean, I don't know how many times I went up to Duke in Raleigh and medical appointment after medical appointment, like from just a few days in, just went down the line. Everything that we had planned 18 months prior or what, yeah, we immediately, more prior, we immediately executed and went down the line and just started to just kind of get a gauge of, okay, where is she at physically, emotionally, just across the board and just board pour into her. Yeah. How how long did it take her to Smile, to Warm up to smile? I didn't even realize that she didn't smile until a couple weeks in and, And it was something and you mentioned she like, oh look, she's smiling.


And it took a while for her. It like, her face is now to today. Her face is like her baby photos. It's like any child where when you look at their baby photos, it's like, oh, I can see, like, I can see the way they look as a kid. You can see it back then. And so her face is back to the way she was as a baby where big eyes open, very expressive when she talks. But it took, it was like layers of an onion. It took time for that child to reemerge and, And it was, Well, and I, I would say her, her therapist commented that she's, she's displaying behavior that's consistent with an uncertain environment with violence because she would, she was quiet and always restricted her.


She wouldn't even cry. Yeah. Like, like she would, she Knew had a suppressive emotion Like turn in like this and sit there. So so what she said, what, what they said is that's very common in in, in children with an uncertain environment where there could be like emotional outbursts or anger because they've learned to suppress and not the boat move themselves to target the boat. Yeah. Not rock the boat. And they also noticed that she had a real aversion to men and then closed spaces. Like if, if if in a therapy session they would shut the door, she'd start to like lose it. She didn't wanna be alone and she did not wanna be around men specifically. It was, it was, but fortunately like we have, we have a big family.


Like she's got like 13 or what, 15 cousins. So like that much love pouring on her with all, all sorts of people like learning to, to go to trust people. Like it's safe. It's okay. And she started to slowly peel that back where today, like you couldn't even tell like she's the same little girl in the hospital, same bright face, like hold me. 'cause she grew up with all these nurses and doctors, like they would hold her for her naps and like rock her to sleep. So she was totally spoiled. And, and then to go to that deprivation and then coming back from that took some time. But like, like I said, she was speaking full sentences in two months. Like, mommy, daddy, like unbelievable Enough to communicate. Yeah, she was communi she could communicate early on, but one, there was one time early on that really gave me a glimpse of what she must have gone through is we were, I was going to, I was loading the younger kids up into the car to go pick up the older kids from school and I was carrying her out.


So she's kinda at arms arm or at eye level on my hip. And they were building a new community near like right across the road from us and there were roofers and they were going down the line going pop, pop, pop, pop, pop with a, with a nail gun. And I didn't even notice it. And I was just going out to the car and she looks at me and she goes, oh. And she had this look on her face and she made eye contact with me. And that was very early on where she couldn't talk, but she looked at me and, and the look said, are we gonna run? It was like, danger are we? And she was looking at my face to see how I was gonna respond if I was gonna duck and cover like if I was gonna run. And in that moment I looked at her and I just, it broke my heart that a child that young had experienced some form of violence to know what that was, that that was a threat.


And, and I, I was like, it's okay. That's just, they're building houses over there and just tried to, You know, lighten it up and like it's, you we're okay, we're just gonna go get the boys from school. And but just little glimpses of that of, of just, you could see little what like The, what it does, What it does to a person. And so, And, and, and they had, this guy had talked to me in some of our conversations during the battle for their city in southern Afghanistan. And he described being in inside for days and gunfire and all that. And he said he came out thinking it was over and a guy next to him got shot in the head and, You know, was a casualty from that experience.


So like this guy's like crying on the phone, like then there's no hope, like there's no way we're getting them outta Afghanistan. Like no one could predict the historic evacuation at that time, right? So like, I'm dying on the inside like, man, I'm sorry, like we'll do whatever we can to help you, but like, you gotta sender before it's too late, like Afghanistan's falling. I said 40 days is done. And it ended up being like 32 days. And he's, it was funny because he, he came all, everything, he phrases questions from his father who's responsible and he's like, my father says the airplane, there's been war here for 40 years and the airplanes have not stopped. I'm like, they're stopping man. Like, you need to like get her here before this runs out. And I, I'm so thankful that we did and, and honestly we, in retrospect, I probably had too much, I should have had a little more caution given the circumstances for recovery.


Like, you got a child from a named objective who's guy's talking to the shadow governor, but I, I figured, You know, your average military age male in southern Afghanistan has gotta have some connection, You know what I mean? Like they're familiar with the Taliban, our friends who are, You know, it's, it's a lot of the pian population down that area. So Are there any signs of, I mean is is that like episodes of fear? Is that completely dissipated away now? I would say by and large it has. You could see, so like, it's, it's more when you compare it to like how a child normally behaves, that's when it becomes more apparent. So I never realized when we first got her, she would stay.


And still to this day she's still somewhat like the kids will run all over the house and go into this room in that room and she does now. But when she first came she would stay in one room, like one area. And it was like wherever you put her, wherever you put her, she would stay there and not like almost the freedom of movement or freedom of play. It was like she didn't know she wouldn't Go outta sight. She, yeah, she would stay close to you and stay in one room and, and so I would say it's been even like going to a playground going in, the kids would go play, she would stay close by or not interact with other kids. So it's been a process and like, I mean the best thing that I could say is just she has blossomed with love and circling back because it was one point that I wanted to make when she was turned over out of us custody.


I mean obviously it was just her, her whole future was at stake and that was just grieving in and of itself. But what bothered me is that she could go through the rest of her life in Afghanistan and never know how loved she was by hundreds of people. That she had a name, that she had an identity and, and people that fought and loved her fiercely and advocated that she could go on for the rest of her life and never know that reality. And what has been so satisfying is to, for it to come full circle and for her to feel that love and to see it firsthand and, and one day she'll realize, You know, we, we we've protected her fiercely from the the harshness of her past and and in time it will, You know, will tell her age appropriate things.


But what we've wanted her to know is that we believe that her life was preserved for a purpose and, And it was protected by many people that, You know, cared for her deeply. And so she's blossomed with that love. And, and I think that we, we did right by these, these people. We, we did what we said we would do. We saved them from what they wanted. They wanted to get away from the Taliban, they want it out of Afghanistan. And I can't control what lies they say about us. I, I can't, You know, I have no idea what exactly their, why is it, do they wanna go back to Afghanistan?


Is the Taliban really the people behind this like forcing 'em to do that? I do know that they don't have control over if they ever get custody of, and they, they are subject to duress. And what I really think it boils down to is this, this is not about our rights. This is not about their rights. This is about what's the best interest of the child for this little girl. And what, what I think is so despicable about the government's role in this is they prevented that analysis from even happening. They're trying to, on a technicality, based on a lie, short circuit, that analysis, she should win whatever that looks like.


She should win. It's not, she's not chattel, she's not property, right? Like she's absolutely our daughter in every sense the word like we're mommy and daddy, she doesn't know anything about this. Right? She doesn't remember these folks at all. It's that's water under the bridge. And, but even, even that, it's, it's about her best interest. She deserves freedom. She deserves to grow up to marry whoever she wants to marry, to be whoever she wants to be. And so many Americans have sacrificed to provide that for her. It is just an abomination for what a miscarriage of justice, what the government's done here to prevent that from happening. And, And It's continuing to, it's At, to this day, like next, next week, we have a hearing in front of the Supreme Court of Virginia and the government is appearing and trying to say they had a foreign policy interest in, in that that overwrote our parental rights and that they should just blindly give her, like pluck her from her family and her brothers and everything she's been given by the sacrifices of all these Americans because of a foreign policy interest from a dead government or 'cause of negotiating now with the Taliban, are you kidding me?


Like they filed these, for lack of a better term, creepy statements from the current charge affairs or Afghanistan who like, personally this is a Joshua Mass opinion, totally get fired. But they fired these from the charge the affairs, the person responsible running Afghanistan after the US government basically saying it's hard to negotiate with the Taliban with your case going on so, You know, void the massed family's rights and give rid of them like sight and see no evaluation of this no, no investigation. Whether they ever were proper guardians for her. Like if she was sexually molested and like neglected in Afghanistan, whose fault's that like these people are claiming that they were, she was living with them.


I don't know if that's true. I've got a voice message that says she doesn't live with me or my family. So I I don't know what's true. I don't know how much of the lies, I mean, can there Be any retribution for them just stealing your child and giving 'em to the P guy? I, I honestly, I mean can is there, I don't know. I don't know if it's a criminal, I don't know if it rises to criminal. It's absolutely like we will absolutely sue these people on the back end of this for what they've done with our family. No one should have to go through this stuff. Like to be gagged and lied about by the government is, is really hard to take, especially by the very bureaucrats who are responsible for getting dumped so dangerously in the first place.


They're the ones, You know, protecting government information and covering up what happened. And like we can prove in court with all the e evidence that US government has that she was turned over to non-relatives. Like, like and I, I I think I should probably bring that up. There is documentation. Now I have this guy's, the, the person they say is her biological father. I don't even think that's, it was, but they claimed a relationship, a biological relationship to this guy. That was a lie. 'cause after three years of litigation, we, in the board of inquiry we have the guy's identity card. And so this elderly, this elderly post man that she was given to in 2020 right before the peace deal.


He said I'm the older brother of the slain, we'll call him Joe, for lack of a better term. Joe got killed, he was an innocent farmer. Give me his daughter, right? That's his, his claim. Well now I got Joe's birth certificate, got this guy's birth certificate and You know, in Afghanistan how they have your father and your father's father, well they don't have the same dad. So that's just a lie. He said, I'm the older brother of the slain Joe, call him. I've got both your IDs. He's not the older brother. And guess what, the slain Joe's five years older. So he's lying about being older and he's lying about being a brother. So how that, that evolved here in the United States is this posture man said, well he was a older stepbrother, so he's claiming to be a half first cousin.


That's the claim biological relationship. A half first cousin. And that came about when we offered a DNA test because like, duh, the first thing you do, I mean if, if you're in the audience and someone is claiming to be a relative of a, of a child you've adopted, what do you do? DN you say I'll pay for the DNA NA test. Okay. And so we did that two and a half, three years ago was three years ago, okay, right off the bat, I will pay for a DNA test to test your claim because I believe you're misinformed or you're lying that that's what we did. And they, they absolutely blatantly refused to do that. So I'll, I'll, I'll do I I do you think that I'll do it right now, do a DNA test? I, but, but I, I guess what I, what I'd like to, I don't blame these mega firms for trying to represent a client, right?


Like I don't, I have a different ethical standard of how you can do that and what level you can do with courts. I I think that they may have crossed that line, but that's up for courts to decide. What I have a real problem with is the Department of Justice parroting verbatim what these mega law firms narrative are with contrary evidence in their possession that they won't release to us. So it's like throwing the game. Like if, if we've got a, if we've got video of these rangers in combat, and I've asked three years ago to declassify everything like it's a child, it's an old mission, who cares? Like declassify it, right war's over you, you surrendered, let's give her, let's let's see the footage.


And, but they'll, they'd rather let these guys get maligned by these different groups that support, You know, get modes, detainees and dad ilk. Like same sort of groups, right? The people who filler pro bono time helping like terror sympathizers, but they're at, at Dulles we had about seven hours it took to process 'em into the country once they arrived in America. And I was there because I had her original documents and I had I to vouched for these people, say like, Hey, they, they this way the Taliban, they risked their lives to help Americans. That's their connection, that's their eligibility to be paroled here. And I had to make sure my interpreter's kids got to him, right?


Like who, who he was and how he was helping and all that. And so I sat there for seven hours with like teaming masses of humanity, like pouring in and, and with these overworked customs and multiple agents trying to process all these athans and most of 'em don't have documents like, like it's very rudimentary if at all. And at the end of that period, I, they're like, okay, you're done processing. You need to go get a covid test and it's like midnight like a covid test. Like really like these people, a lot of these people had tuberculosis, right? Yeah. So it was, so I'm thinking this is crazy. So we get my guy and about 20, 20, 30 military age males and their families and they put us in a scissor truck, like those ones that go back and forth between the terminals and can elevate and stuff for different, and they put us in scissor truck and they drive us way out on Dulles airport And it looked like a, like a bond movie where they're unveiling like a prototype aircraft, like a huge hangar and it's got like 500 beds in there.


And they got computer set up over here and they got guys kitted up with like flax andrs. And I'm like, this does not look like covid test material. And I watched them go hard at my guy like what were you doing in 2014? Like da da da da, like going down the list, just reaming 'em out, interrogating him. And before that he was sitting and this guy's s in and a lot of our allies are Dari speaker or Persian or Origin, right? There was different tribes that were helping us for the most part. There was some posturing tribes that helped like, but he had not spoken to a lot of the other refugees because he didn't speak Dari and he was a post, but he's sitting there in this detention facility like holding hands and chatting 'cause they hold hands with their friends and he's like chatting away.


And that's the first person I'd seen him talk to this like for five days in the camps. And I'm like, who's his friend to this person who speaks English? And they're like, oh, this is his friend from his home village, not his home city, his village back in the, back in the boonies where she had been recovered on the mission. 'cause he wasn't from the big city, he just lived there later in life. He was from this village where she was recovered. And so he's sitting here in this potential facility getting reamed up by our guys with another guy from his home village. And so like I've just got this pattern going of, You know, child from a, a capture kill mission. Al-Qaeda talking to the Taliban shadow governor responsible for those foreign fighter camps says he has Taliban in his phone flags a Dulles.


And I go to the CBP agent's like, dude, what is this place? Like, kind on the like, I didn't understand, like I wasn't sure. He's like, oh, this is where the inconclusives are. I'm like, what is that? And he's like, oh, they flagged on the terror watch list and like we vetting him to see if they're a match. And I'm like, You know, I I feel immediately responsible like I'm I'm a Marine Corps officer, I I ex expedit ied this guy through and I knew all this stuff, right? But so what I wanted to do was appropriately flag that because I knew they were looking for, to Clarify, you didn't know all that stuff. You didn't know that he had Any No, no. I didn't know that he'd flag on a watch list. I just figured his folks fought on the team. Like, like everybody wants to go to America. Even if your folks fought for the other team, I thought he was more disobeying the Taliban and abandoning that, which I was cool with, but at that point I felt obligated, like as a, as a service member, I can't not say what I know.


And so I immediately flagged that through our NCIS rep and flagged it up to the f fbi. I, and that's how this all got started. And so he, they were detained for like 24 hours-ish and then I got told that they got released and I was like, what? And so I'm trying to figure out where they're going and like where, where, because Lily or because our little girl was there and it ended up being really weird because it was like two in the morning, kids are asleep, my interpreter got processed through and he didn't have a car ride, so I had to like go and like take him back to his hotel. And so I got sucked away and I was trying to figure out where they were to get back when, when I went back.


And so I'm talking to this agent and he's like, dude, this was a really bad dude, but he brought your little girl to US forces in your organization got him outta Afghanistan. So we let him through. And I'm like, what? No sir. Like I am not, You know, I don't even know this guy. I've talked to him for six weeks. Like here's all the things that I was tracking. And so that's, that's when I realized I'd perhaps misplaced some compassion for some of the refugees and the bombing and all this emotions that I I could have been, You know, more vigilant than I was. And, and I think I just conflated a little bit of the compassion with that. And I still don't think this guy is Osama Bin Laden, but do I think that his family fought for the other side and was directly supporting Al-Qaeda in their home village?


Absolutely. A hundred percent. And how is it possible that the Department of Justice is filing filings in court saying, oh, this guy's fine and JSO colonels are testifying Now we knew that before we picked him up. Like I can't go into the details of what he shared, but like he testified under oath that the team, the squadron that pulled him out was tracking. So like if I'm going to believe one entity, it's probably not gonna be the previous administration's Department of Justice And it iss definitely not gonna be the attorney who helped defend the decision to turn over to these people in the first place. I, I have a problem with if, if this has gotten scrubbed off the watch list, which I have reason to believe it has been scrubbed it doesn't exist anymore, I'd like to know why.


Was that a valid national interest purpose or was that a favor to a mega law firm that gets things like this done? And if, if any, I Think everybody listening to this knows exactly what it is. Well, to the point where I couldn't even speak about it And well that's a, that's a s a related issue. So they, they changed my orders where they ordered me not to testify about that and I didn't testify about it. The judge never knew any of that stuff in our own custody case, like all these warnings. And, and, and they, they tried to shut us up because that counteracts the narrative. 'cause it makes sense, right? If dude flags on Tara Washes and were like, yep, separate, we're not like, whatever, if he's gonna get deported, we're not gonna deal with this anymore.


We're not. That's the extent of our grace and You know, I have an obligation as, as a constitutional officer to report this and, and send it up the chain. And I was very concerned with the chaos in the, that people weren't getting properly vetted. And then as, as time went on and like these reports coming about of DOD whistleblowers saying they were getting pressure to scrub people off the watch list. And then there was a report by the DOD inspector general talking about how we weren't because of agreements with partner nations in a, in the combat zone, we were only DOD could share information that was gleaned by some of these partner nations. And of all the terrorist database information would normally be housed under the terrorist screening center and normally be in all of our days databases to share.


There was a subset of combat zone information that was not applied to vetting these Afghans. And so there, there's a 30 page DOD inspector general report talking about how they had to give the data sets of who had been led into the country to the National Ground Intelligence Center and they revetted them and identified a whole bunch of people that had very concerning, derogatory on them that were led in the US and most of 'em, they didn't even know what they were. And so like that's the context of where we were at as far as like I'm a Marine Corps officer, You know, America first like report this stuff up the chain and then it just, and and nobody said boo about it. Like when I reported that stuff up, nobody's like, oh, that's classified, it's marked unclassified.


It says unclassified, FOUO. The guy sent me a copy, a a screenshot said, Hey, this is what we were worried about just so You know. And, and it's marked unclassified on the document itself. I reported it 10 months before it came back down and now that is marked secret, no foreign in, in an investigation saying that I mishandled that information and like give me a break. I I, You know, this is an unclassified database, it's in the federal register is unclassified. And I'm having to ask this nice NCS agent who's doing exactly what these medical law firms had him do, which was interrogate me like I fully cooperated, I'm a lawyer, I know my rights, You know, I know my 31 Bravo rights, I know our rights on the constitution.


I voluntarily waive that because I want our, our, our country be safe. And I was trying to figure out what happened with that. And so like I talked to him like, so you're saying this is an unclassified database? He's like, yeah. I was like, well how in the world is it secret no foreign? He's like, well the office of the director of national intelligence is determined as the original classification authority, but like I'm an SJA for a SOCOM component, right? I've been around the block, I know what intelligence oversight looks like, I know what classification is. I'm like, dude, did you get that in writing? He's like, no, it was on a phone call. So it's like you don't even have it in writing that this is secret no foreign now and what authority that was. And if there was a, a security classification guide that, that actually says that.


'cause You know, you can't just like say stuff as secret no foreign to favor political. Like you can't just misclassify information that's illegal. It violates the executive order. And, and so he kind of hemmed and hawed a little bit and went back to his, his lawyers to try to figure that out. But I've got like, there was another document like I'll I'll show you one other thing. So there was a right document, this document right here, this is the terrorist identity data mart environment tied, I'm sorry, let me, are we, so this is the terrorist identity data mart environment or tide database fact sheet.


This is published for the American people publicly on the office of director of National Intelligence website. Okay. This is their fact sheet basically explaining how we vet terrorists and what we do to keep you safe, right? This document was slammed in front of my face marked secret no foreign by an CS agent. Are you shitting me saying it's marked right now in my board of inquiry evidence, the government, what law firm is this? I I probably shouldn't say or I'll get sued, but it how do you get s So it's, it's represented a lot of people on the, the political left over the time. And you can get sued for saying the name of the law firm. Well, You know, you don't want give him a, a stick to be away.


But, but this document and, and here's the kicker. It was marked secret, no foreign and then it said pending classification review. And then they line that out. So host classification review, they're saying a publicly facing website and I've got a letter from DOJ saying I'm not authorized to use this public document in our case 'cause we want to use it as an exhibit, as a publicly available. So like, so they own the court. They absolutely, so they make a law firm owns the terror. I can't see terrors in this, in this lawsuit. We never got to say any of that stuff. I could even test, I, the only thing we got to do is use his own recording saying he was scared of the Taliban.


They disobeyed the Taliban. That's what we're able to use. Isn't this public knowledge? I mean isn't this like, but but can't you look it up who the law firm is? Yeah. If, If, if the appropriate oversight asks for the classified documents from my board, please God go pull that stuff and look at this document secret no foreign and ask yourself how does a counterintelligence special agent mark a document that's Googleable, it was designed and released for the American public's benefit as secret no foreign. It's insane. And that's like, there's like a half dozen documents like that. So this document was marked higher classification than the con op. It was like five I rel two like, You know what I mean?


So like you have a a a range regiment con op that is a lower classification than a publicly available OD and I like fact sheet for the American people. Like, give me a break. And so that's the kind of ridiculousness I, I'll I'll show you one other example that's just an easy visual. So here is, here's the same document. This is what was released. See the redactions on it. This is a fact sheet made for BRI General Taylor who was working with sea sticka with the Afghans like mentorship program. And this is how it was released for the court, right? This is how it was released for my board. So I've got it. So would you like to know what they redacted so that, that the judge never knew?


And this is, remember they were attacking our credibility saying that I made this up and that, that I was biased and ratting this stuff. Well this is drafted by the SJA shop, not me. And so they redacted the portion that just corroborated everything we said originally in the declassified mission summary. So it says multiple photos recovered from the scene included pictures of turkmen, Uyghur, foreign fighters, weapons, and Al-Qaeda flags. A detainee captured the night of the operation, indicated that the neighboring compounds were occupied by Chinese Uyghur fighters from Turkmenistan and identified the pictures attached as foreign fighters who were residents of the compounds that engaged the Afghan LED forces. And an additional detainee corroborated the compounds of interest struck on fighter six September were occupied by turkmen foreign fighters and their families.


So the, the very attorneys that that let her be turned over knowing this redacted this information for release and and only at the board when my command like gave me as much As they had, like they actually gave me information. Man, these people Have no souls man. Well I I think it's just a, it's like a big law no holds barred, whatever it means necessary to get your outcome. And they pride themselves on doing, achieving that for their clients and they're very successful and fabulously wealthy. But You know, here's the other question I have is how do you afford 15 attorneys with a high power law firm that's $500 plus an hour and three different law firms?


How do you afford that? And here's the deal. What we've come to find out is that there's been fundraising videos in Afghanistan like saying the Taliban's helping us and we need money. So like I I'd like to know like how's that being paid for? Is that some like shake in the UAE like funding these this with with dark money? Like is there, is the Taliban helping with this? Because they, they publicly released two years ago saying they're gonna go to American authorities and protest and then I've got the charge, the affairs following weird affidavits sounded a lot like this is messing up our negotiations with the Taliban. And so I've got a lot of reasonable questions like are they, is the Department of Justice and the previous administration doing this because the Taliban asked them to, like they filed an affidavit from the charge the affairs saying it was interfering with negotiations.


Well what does that mean? Does that mean the tales want them to give our kid back to these people who are not relatives and, and probably on their team? I'd like to know that. I think the American people deserve to know that. And isn't that quite a bit of a different story than it's what publicly out there and and why would they need to change my orders three or four different times? Why wouldn't they release all the information I asked them, did you classify and release for a child's custody hearing? Like would we do that for any child? But, but this child was picked up off a named objective in brutal close combat where the eyewitnesses said they tried to kill us blowing themselves up in, in a pitched gunfight where like a dozen Americans are bleeding.


And and I'll never forget the platoon sergeant, he told me, sir, whatever you need with this will come forward. Like, our guys didn't bleed. So she go back to hell like it was that bad. They're that that strongly about it. And these guys are being called war criminals by organizations. There was an organization that started a letter writing campaign. That's how one of the reasons I got awarded is they, they sent 7,000 letters to Congress and in those letters they, they talk about how they want to promote their narrative and they want major mass hold accountable and You know, from a child that was recovered and what could have been a war crime anyway. And I'm here to tell you right now, that's defamation. There is no way that this was a war crime even if even if there were civilians killed.


Like it's a legitimate strike on an Al-Qaeda compound of, of verified intelligence. So like to say that publicly is like calling people rapists and I'm honestly tired of folks who don't produce or preserve liberty for others attacking our men. I mean I I think, I think the sec death owes it to these guys to clear their name. Like if, if you've been said, hey, you might be a war criminal and there's video of it, do you think those guys deserve that? No man, I I but they deserve the truth. You know what I'm saying? They're all under non-disclosure agreements, right? They had to get authorization and they actually tried to get these rangers not to be able to testify. They almost changed their orders.


We got some weird emails saying like, what do you need 'em for to testify after they were fully approved by, they're like, what do you need 'em again? Like what exactly are they gonna testify to? I'm trying to screw around with the ability of these eyewitnesses to say what happened. And I, I know for a fact there's footage of this stuff. I know for a fact there's ts and secret level information that corroborates everything we're saying. And, and that was so, so rewarding at our board of inquiry, having the ability to have some due process, right? Where the colonels can come and testify. I think we had five colonels testify, three of them as witnesses of like what they knew at the time because the Department of Justice in in court filings to a court has represented that I made this stuff up and that I misled this deputy assistant sec as a captain.


Like, are you kidding me? Do you don't think his staff and colonels, they testified in our board that they corroborated everything independently with their targeting packages or targeting systems they have in the Pentagon. And so you, again, I think I've said this a couple times. I, law law firms can represent their client. We might have some ethical disagreements. The Department of Justice can't parent lies when they have evidence of the contrary. Like that's criminal. You can't do that stuff. And if, if the Department of Justice through the FBI has contradictory statements like saying these other people are in authority, the Taliban governor's in authority, if that's what they were told by these people, how do they file saying that they're have legal authority over this child?


They told them themselves that they don't, I I don't understand how you can lie to a court like that. And so we have what, what we've done, Sean, is I have formally whistle blowed these actions with just the tip of the iceberg just enough to pick people's interest in Congress in an oversight. I I I wrote a whistleblower complaint addressed to the president via congress in formal neighborhood letter format. I'm a lawyer, this is what I do, right? I spent three days in a hole drafting all this stuff and citing the evidence. There's 30 enclosures, hundreds of pages of evidence, right? And this is just the really obvious stuff. Like here's the one redacted document and here's the document unredacted, why do you think that is?


And and and laying that out for Congress. And what we've been asking is that the president in the United States, the US government release all this stuff and, and look at the evidence and if there is a lie in what the previous administration's Department of Justice has filed, which there is fix it, it it's not rocket science. Get some oversight of these people because these are your typical deep state bureaucrats. They have absolutely weaponized the system. Like this could be like the poster child event of everything that we've all been dealing with at the grassroots level, like you said with the Blackwater guys, like deleting the five minutes that matter in their lives, right?


And we've experienced that to the point where like, I'm a government hack, I'm a prosecutor. Like I carry that mantle, right? But seeing it from the other side, seeing the system weaponized against, like if they can do this to, to me they can do it to anybody. It just is if they want to. And, and that's blown my And what what's Hard, You know, for me as his wife sitting here, You know, beside him living this, You know, going through this with him is we've been, You know, known each other since we were kids we're, we remembered nine 11 watching the twin Towers fall and he's as much of a red blooded patriot, You know, American as you can get.


And to see someone that has throughout his whole whole life acted honorably for his, his reputation, everything in in his morality, everything to be skewed and twisted to advance a different narrative and to favor another side has been, it's been hard to sit there and watch it, knowing the truth, watching him literally fight for his life, his career, everything. Everything for us is at stake. And it has been at, You know, at stake for a while. And to see a lie seemingly prevail for this long has been difficult. W but when we have had the opportunity to share our heart and share our story and share what we've seen, it, it good people have stepped in and come along and contributed just, just enough time.


Well, And that's, that's the point of shutting down debate. And I think that's a real danger to our society. Like we need freedom of speech now more than ever. We need open debate of ideas. We need to be able to talk through these things. And, and what there's a, a really pernicious, I guess undercurrent where if powerful people don't want you to, they want a certain outcome, they shut down speech shut. And that's like, like I told you before with CBS, we, we gave this interview like seven hour interview two years ago to CBS and they did it in a two part series. And then these mega law firms come in and threaten them and then they changed it to some milk toast. You know, I don't, I don't wanna say BS, but something that it, that was not the interview.


It's like, oh, they say this and you say that and none of the facts, right? None of the what's actually going on. I've got an IG complaint that lays out email traffic between these mega law firms and the SEC defs attorneys and then my orders get changed and get the When did The CB BS thing? Yeah, It was in January or that was two years ago. Yeah, two years Ago. And then any, Do you think any of this changes now that Biden administration is gone? That's our hope. Like we, we, our honestly morale is high in, in the military right now, at least in our unit. We are ready to go and focusing on war fighting and not some of this ridiculousness we've had to deal with.


Like Has anything happened since the Trump administration has taken over? Has there been any, any good things, any bad things with your particular Case? Well, I think that they're doing Or it kind of on ice until this next thing you Said happens. No, we're trying to get them. So fortunately some of the Trump appointees at the Department of Justice have some oversight of these particular attorneys. But right now the Department of Defense and the Department of State need to evaluate whether they want to continue attacking our family. And, and I think that there's a really good chance that they will make the decision to stop that attacks and release that information and that would end the case. So this basically needs to get to Pete, he's death and Marco Rubio.


Yeah, and Pam Bondy. We, we've already, Congress has sent that whistleblower complaint formally through their Office of Legislative Affairs to those authority makers. But what I'd encourage them, any them to do and anyone to do is interested in this, is this board of inquiry gathered 14 gigabytes of unclassified data and hundreds and hundreds of pages of original reporting in one place. Like if you wanna know the truth, just pull it, get somebody to send it to you on separate, it's condensed with the Marsoc SJA office. It's great. I I honestly, it's the best thing that could have happened to us because it gives us an ability to talk about the same facts that nobody can gag us. 'cause we have a due process, right?


To talk about what the government tried to do to us And it, it, And it collects like real hard evidence in one place and lays it all out. And so I, I think we've done the right steps as far as we've, we've tried to, I've tried to be a good Marine Corps officer at every stage and I've never embarrassed the Marine Corps's name or my own. And I, I would, I'd rather die, take a bullet than dishonor our institutions. Like that's how strongly I feel about it. And I haven't, now that's not known, but every service member that's sat down and looked at this like buddies of mine or people on the board, like the reason they unsubstantiated everything related to the Afghans is 'cause it's a lie.


And it's, it's so clearly a lie. And, and then, You know, one of the things, my attorney made a great point in the closing argument that won the day the government got up and they, they pitched an exact rerun of what these mega law firms already lost two years ago. Like the judge specifically rejected that stuff. That's in evidence at my board. The government put it in evidence, But they said the exact same argument again. It's like we're we're one repeat here. And then the mega law firm attorneys are there assisting the government to try to go after us administratively after they already lost legally. So his most effective, his most effective point was like, members, I am afraid that our system is being weaponized for non-official purposes.


And I said, because these allegations were made two years ago, and all he did was read the court's ruling. He read it verbatim And it says, I reject the narrative, a kidnapping narrative, and they attack him for his religious beliefs or something like that. He read a verbatim to the board And it was exactly what these people had been spewing again in this military board on behalf of these mega law firms. And it shut it down. That's why it was unsubstantiated. And You know what senior DOJ and Senior Department of Defense attorneys had.