
At Sierra, discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns, ah, and Shae wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Andrew Bailey, Welcome to the show, man. Appreciate you having me on. Appreciate you being here. So this has been, we've been communicating back and forth for a couple months now, and it's just, it's awesome to finally have you in here, man. It's a privilege to be here. I've been following your show and be able to sit in the same seat as some really incredible people that with some incredible stories and get to be a part of it just means a lot to me. Oh, thank you for saying that. Thank you for saying that. And you are doing amazing things, is the attorney general from Missouri and really sticking it to the federal government when we needed it. It seems to me like every state needs a U.


So how do we, I appreciate that. How do we make that happen? But, and we'll dig into that, but we got a lot of stuff to cover. I was talking to your team downstairs. Sounds like you got a hell of a life story. So I was planning on just going over some policies and some stuff that you're, that you're kind of tackling as the attorney general. But, but let's kick it off with, with a life story. But everybody starts with a, with an intro here. So Attorney General Andrew Bailey. You're the 44th Attorney General of Missouri, a decorated combat veteran, a prosecutor, and a staunch defender of constitutional rights.


You went to college at the University of Missouri on an Army scholarship following the September 11th terrorist attacks on the United States. You're commissioned is an armored cavalry officer in the Army in later deployed Iraq. Following your time in the Army, you attended law school and became a prosecutor to fight violent crime and protect Missouri communities. You've handled countless cases in both state and federal courts throughout your career, defending our constitutional freedoms and the most vulnerable while delivering justice to for victims. You're focused on protecting the constitution, enforcing the laws as written, defending the state, supporting the com, the counties, and training a new generation of service-minded attorneys.


I'd like to remind everybody that you have a personal 90% plus conviction rate as a prosecutor and probably more, more important than any of this stuff. You are a husband, a father of four with three adopted children's and a Christian. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's right. Getting to be dad's best thing that's ever happened to me. And my faith in Christ guides me in everything I do. So it's been a, a, You know, I always feel like I'm at my own funeral when I hear that, You know, my body. It's, it's weird hearing it, but yeah, it, it's been a wild ride. I've had some great opportunities and excited about my future in public service.


You know, we, I got appointed to, to this role two years ago and been charging hard, just one reelection. So I got at least another four years ahead of me in this role, and it's a privilege to get to do it. Congratulations. Thanks, sir. It's really inspiring what you're doing. Appreciate that. And I think a lot of people are taking notes. So before we get too in the weeds, got a couple more things. So I have a Patreon account, which is a subscription service. These folks have been with us since the beginning. Without them, I wouldn't be sitting in here, neither would you be. They funded this whole thing when it started in my attic at my house.


Then we moved here. Total upgrade of equipment. They're just awesome supporters. We've turned it into a community and, and now we're actually building a studio out the woods. That's gonna be about three and a half times the size of this one. So hopefully you get to see that, get you back on here. And so one of the things we do is we offer, we offer the community the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from Jeff, with platforms like X and meta easing their approach to content moderation and censorship, what do you see as the biggest emerging threats of, of free speech in the future?


Yeah, I think corporate censorship remains a problem. I think ever since Elon Musk took over x he has revitalized and revolutionized the approach to hosting a platform like that. But meta, Google, YouTube, these are still problematic platforms. And You know, we filed a law, a groundbreaking First Amendment lawsuit, Missouri v Biden, that we took all the way to the United States Supreme Court to stop government censorship on big tech social media platforms. We uncovered the evidence where the Biden administration is yelling and cussing at the executives at meta demanding that they remove certain content during the Covid pandemic. And that's a violation of the First Amendment. We prosecuted that case, like I said, went all the way to the United States.


Supreme Court uncovered so much of that evidence, numerous depositions, thousands of pages of documents, got a preliminary injunction at the trial court level. It was affirmed at the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The United States Supreme Court said that look, censorship occurred, but remanded the case for further discovery because the evidence we had of censorship ended at a certain period of time. Well, that that evidence was cut off because we were moving up towards the Supreme Court. And so we weren't doing discovery, we weren't allowed to do discovery as the case moved up the, the process. So we were back at the trial court level in November, the people elected President Donald Trump, who on day one signed an executive order to dismantle the vast censorship regime that existed in the federal government.


So that's a, a huge win. And again, so much of it came from that case. Missouri v Biden proud of the work we did on that. But, but corporate censorship remains. And so we've gotta fight back against that. You know, I, there's such a unique history to the development of the big tech social media marketplace. In 1996, Congress passed the section two 30 of the Communications Decency Act that is both a sword and a shield for these big tech social media platforms. It's a, it's a shield in that they're shielded from civil liability. They're not considered common law publishers. So they're not responsible for the content that they publish. But at the same time, it's a sword in that it, the, the statute explicitly allows them to moderate content. Now the problem is that everyone that works at the, these big tech social media firms are like-minded individuals that wanna silence voices that dissent to their worldview.


And that creates a, a terrible censorship problem. And I would submit to you the censorship that's going on today is worse than at any point in human history. When King George shut down a colonial printing press, the world knew he had done it, and he was squelching one medium of communication, the written word. But when a big tech social media oligarch, deemphasizes de platforms, shadow bans a user, it's not only the content producers First Amendment rights that are violated, their voice that is silenced, but all the listeners as well that may not even know they're being denied access. And the nature of the censorship is so much more multidimensional. It's body language, it's imagery, it's spoken word, it's written word.


It's all, it's, it's all of the above. And so the censorship is more dangerous than ever before. I think we've gotta take a serious approach. You know, Texas and Florida in 2021, both enacted statutes that sought to retool the content moderation formulas in law for the big tech social media platforms. Big tech sued that case went to the United States Supreme Court, and just in July that decision came down. It's called the Net Choice Decision. It's a really fascinating opinion. But what it said was that the states weren't allowed to dictate content because that the, the, the, the content moderation itself was expressive and thus protected by the First Amendment from government censorship.


So in Missouri, we've got a new plan and I'm proud to announce, You know, just a week or two ago, we are going to use our Consumer Protection authority to, to protect the consumers that are on big tech social media platforms and encourage algorithmic marketplace competition to break up the algorithmic monopoly. Why shouldn't users and consumers of Big Tech being able to select their own algorithms from third party vendors, isn't that a better experience? No one would buy a name brand truck if the company said, well, you can only use Brand X tires on that truck. So we wouldn't tolerate that in the auto marketplace or any other marketplace. And yet somehow we're tolerating it in the big tech marketplace. So by promulgating this algorithmic choice rule, not only will we break up the algorithm monopoly, we'll protect consumers and reinforce the First Amendment right to free speech.


And the free, fair and open marketplace of ideas for the competition of ideas will produce the best results. It'll enhance the consumer experience. 'cause you'll get to select whichever, whichever algorithm you want to maximize your engagement and time on, on the, on the product. So break this down a little bit more. 'cause this is something I think, I think a lot of creators, including myself, have dealt with censorship and stuff, stuff like that for, for a long time. It's, it can be debilitating for business. It's, and it's demoralizing. You know, it, it's, it's me and Joe Rogan talked a little bit about this and, and, and he, You know, like when, when Google demo monetizes a an episode, I mean that's, You know, it's a big income stream for a lot of creators.


And he says that that's how they do it. They, they, they kind of force their creators to not talk about certain things and push 'em outta that realm. So you'll be able to tackle that. I believe so, and again, I think it's, it starts with breaking up that algorithmic monopoly. There's gotta be some, You know, somebody has to curate the feeds, right? Curate the content. That's gotta happen. But why can't the consumers determine who's curating that content instead of just allowing Mark Zuckerberg or nameless, faceless, You know, oligarchs at Big Tech who come from Silicon Valley and share those values. It may not share our values. Why would we outsource that responsibility to them instead of as consumers doing that ourselves or, You know, being able to shop around in, in a competitive marketplace for those decisions.


How, I mean, how exactly will we do that? Because my friend and attorney Tim Parlet tore, I've, we've had a lot of chats about this. Yeah. I'm like, this is ridiculous. You know, they, they'll just pull an episode And it just disappears into thin air, and they won't even tell you what's wrong with the episode. They won't, they won't even tell you anything. And I, I, I can get the demonetization, I guess, but I mean, it, it pisses me off. But I'm always wondering like, Hey, Tim, do we have a case here? And he's like, well, not really. Section two 30, that's the problem. Yeah. So you, so it would be amending the section two 30 law.


So it's, it's a really elegant approach. We don't have to deal with section two 30 at all. Congress would have to amend that. And getting stuff through Congress has proven pretty challenging. And so we leave section two 30, the CDA in place, we get around the, the net choice decision, again, by using Consumer protection authority to require big tech social media platforms of a certain size to allow when the users first engage, there'll be a screen where you can select your own algorithm. You can select your own filter. And as a parent, You know, again, that I've got four little kids that are just starting to, You know, engage in screen time on, on different, different mediums. And so I might have the, my, You know, my 12-year-old, this is the, the, the content moderation I want for them to best protect my kids as a Second Amendment guy.


I wanna see more gun content. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna select a, an algorithm that's gonna promote two A content, You know? And so again, the, it protects the consumer, it supports marketplace competition, it gets around section two 30 of the C-D-A-C-D-A leaves it in place, And it doesn't violate the first amendment rights of the big tech social media platforms either. So I see, I see a lot of these class action lawsuits going up, and I'm always, every time I sue one, I'm like, Tim, why are we jumping in on this? But so have they found any success in suing those companies? Yeah, and I think antitrust litigation is really the best found of legal authority.


You know, the, again, it's, it's a, an oligarchy almost a monopoly in the sense that it, it, the marketplace is failing. It's not functioning, it's not a competitive marketplace. The startup costs are so great that these oligarchs control everything. And you, you've seen in the past where they will buy up competitors to avoid having to change that, that marketplace or compete in that marketplace. And so I think that the, the best line of attack there is antitrust litigation. That's something that has other states and, and Missouri have engaged in specific to Google. But there's another foun of legal authority that we're gonna use in Missouri, and that's consumer protection law. And so a a lot of people don't know what attorneys general do.


You know, we, first of all, we have a criminal side of the house where we support our local prosecutors and prosecute the bad guys, catch cops, catch 'em, we help lock 'em up. And then we do criminal appeals. We support and defend the state's conviction on appeal to make sure the bad guys stay locked up. But then we have a civil side of the house as well. We defend the state agencies when they get sued. And our consumer protection division is charged with ensuring that Missouri consumers aren't defrauded or victims of predatory business practices. And so that authority, again, is a, is a unique line to, to go after this issue. And we've done that by sending subpoenas to big tech social media platforms when we have reason to believe that they are lying to consumers.


And so, You know, at the end of the day, big tech social media platforms have first amendment rights of their own, but they don't have the right to lie to consumers. And that's where state ags can come in with consumer protection law. So when you do these, when you create these efforts, do you, do you get all these other attorney generals to kind of join the charge with you? Yeah, so much is done in consultation with my colleagues, You know, typically the Republicans band together and the Democrats band together. And I've got great working relationships with, with my colleagues across the country. But the, what's weird is that every state's laws are different. And that's why Missouri has been a leader on so many issues, because Missouri's really uniquely positioned, if you think about just traditional conservative versus liberal ideology, typically, You know, it's government is a zero sum game, more government, less freedom.


I'll admit, before Shopify running my business was tough, figuring out how to market and sell products, fulfill orders, keep track of shipping and transaction records, not to mention creating a website. Shopify made all of that super easy. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret, secret shop pay can boost conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned, and way more sales going through. If you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month for three month trial period at Shopify dot com slash ss, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss to upgrade your selling today, Shopify dot com slash ss.


Guys, is it ever hard or difficult for you to find an outfit that looks great for a big night out? One that's comfortable and flattering? True Classic shirts are designed to accent areas like your arms and chest, while giving your midsection some breathing room. Add true classics, curved hem crew, and compact knit chino to your date night outfit rotation True Classic makes affordable premium clothing that'll make you look good and feel great. True classics, bestselling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more come in three, six, and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save. Plus they offer free shipping on all orders, a 100% perfect fit guarantee and easy return. So there's no risk to trying them level up your date night or everyday style with close that actually fit right. Just go to my exclusive link at True Classic dot com slash ss to save. That's True Classic dot com slash ss. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


One of the best parts of having my own show is getting to do what I love with a team that I love to work with. If you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who love it as much as you. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business, plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all of your roles? ZipRecruiter, and right now you can try it for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. ZipRecruiter is the top rated hiring site according to G two. And their smart technology shows your job to qualified candidates, immediately hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself, go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


And so conservative states limit the authority of their state attorney's general because they want to maximize freedom by limiting the role of government in everyday life. Blue states take the opposite approach. I mean, Letitia James in New York has every weapon in the, the her arsenal that her general assembly can give her to mess with people's lives, to prosecute President Trump prosecute, You know, take, take him to court in, in, in civil law to try to seize his assets and undervalue those assets. And so, You know, blue states have maximized their ability to interfere with people's lives while red states have taken the opposite approach. Missouri's uniquely positioned because we were so recently a blue state. So it's like a retreating army has left the battlefield and dropped their weapons, and we're picking them up and learning how to use them against them.


Wow. Who, who are your best friends? Come on. Yeah, Brena, who's always, who's always what states are always leading the charge with you. Yeah. Brena Bird and Iowa is a, a good friend Liz Merle down in Louisiana, Lynn Fitch, and Mississippi's a good friend of mine. You know, the, so many of 'em What about Tennessee? Yeah, John Sketti is great, and in fact, I I, I called him this morning to let him know I was in his home state. He's great. And John and I have a couple mutual friends. The, You know, what's unique is that the way in which attorneys general are put into office changes from state to state. So obviously at the federal level, the Attorney General is just a cabinet official appointed by the president and confirmed by the United States Senate in the progressive era in, You know, usually in 1900 to 1930, the states started breaking those out.


And by constitutional amendment at the state level, making the Attorney General its own independently elected constitutional officer in Tennessee, your attorney general selected by your state Supreme Court. So different states do it differently. Okay. And so, and again, you, you, it's hard to compare because different states have different laws and different states select their attorneys general differently. Okay? But in Missouri, You know, by constitution, I'm my own officer and I'm elected by the, the people. The only reason I was appointed initially was because my predecessor and friend Eric Schmidt was elected to the United States Senate And it created a vacancy in the middle of a term. So our governor appointed me, And it was, I just happened to be at the right place at the right time.


You know, I, I didn't, and And it's also liberating. I'm not a politician, don't like politics, don't wanna be a politician. I wanna do the work, I wanna be the attorney general. And I realize you gotta be a politician and do it. But it's liberating because when you're not a politician, you're not beholden to interests that might stymie audacity or, You know, bold, decisive, transformative action. Well, you're a damn good pick. Back to back to the big tech social media stuff. I mean, this TikTok ban, what did, I'm just curious what the narrative or whatever it seemed to have changed over the years, and I mean, I don't know what I think about TikTok.


We have a massive TikTok presence, but I mean, it seems like whenever I bring my intelligence friends on here and then we talk about it, it it is a, it's a spy apparatus for China. And so I'm just, I'm just curious, what are your thoughts on that? I thought it was, from a legal perspective, it was really fascinating that Congress passed that divestment bill, basically saying that the owner of TikTok had to sell it under certain conditions by a certain time and Congress and the President Congress and passing the bill, the president and signing the bill, really made national security decision, You know, to comport with exactly what you're saying, that this, as long as it's a Chinese asset, they're gathering data and spying on us without our consent.


And that's dangerous. The owner of TikTok challenged the constitutionality of that divestment bill on the eve of the deadline by which he had to sell the asset and went all the way to the United States Supreme Court and basically argued the same as in the net choice decision that was handed down this summer, saying, look, I got a First Amendment right to speak on this platform as the owner of this platform. And the court said, no, no, no, no, you have a First Amendment right to speak, but the people's elected representatives can make a, a foreign policy decision, a national security decision, and prevent you from speaking on this outlet. In other words, the government can't stop me from sending an email, but the corporation can certainly tell me I can't use this email account.


And so it's a really unique legal decision and legal landscape in which that, that was done. I am concerned clearly about Chinese infiltration into our culture and into big tech, social media companies like TikTok. And so I think that, again, I think Congress made a sound decision. And now President Trump's, You know, doing his best to, to navigate that, that, and I, I'm confident in his ability to produce a good outcome. I mean, we have a leader back in the White House that understands that you can't show weakness on the playground. If you show weakness, the bullies will just keep bullying you and President Trump's not gonna let that happen. I mean, it seems like China is using our own, our own laws against us, not just with TikTok, but, but buying farmland, putting, putting power plants next to military bases.


I mean, the list goes on, but I mean, are, you seem to be pretty ous with this. Well, and Shauna, You know, just this week on Monday, my office went to trial in the first ever lawsuit of its kind in a lawsuit against the Chinese communist government for the harm they inflicted on Missourians during the COVID-19 pandemic. And I think we're gonna get a 25 billion with a B dollar judgment against the, the Chinese Communist government. Wow. No other state has, has prosecuted a case like this. And we filed it, the trial court initially dismissed it, and we took it up to the eight, we appealed it to the eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, got the case reinstated, and we're just in trial this last Monday.


We've got a little bit of supplemental briefing to do, but I think we'll be submitting a proposed judgment that we will likely the judge will sign, and then we will be, it'll be up to us to execute that judgment against the Chinese government. But no, we're again, Missouri leading the way on this issue, but Missourians are still demanding justice for the harms of the COVID-19 pandemic. And so, and look, the people say, oh, You know, Bailey's crackpot legal theories, no, no, no, no. This is the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. It was a statute passed by the People's Electric representatives in Congress in 1976. That specifically creates a method by which states can sue foreign entities for damages.


And that's what we've used. And I think we'll be successful, man, that's amazing. So when you sue the federal government or the, or the Chinese Communist Party, I mean, this is a question I have 'cause I've seen you, you've sued a lot and where does, so if you get, if you win that case and you get 20, the state of Missouri gets $25 billion, what, where's that money go? What's it allocated to? Well, the first thing, and and again, this is all part of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, it creates a method by which you can execute a judgment against a foreign entity. We've gotta identify, and we are working to identify assets that the Chinese communist government owns in Missouri and elsewhere. And we will s work with the AL Service to seize those assets.


They'll, they'll be sold and then that money will be returned to the people of the state of Missouri. And it'll have to be appropriated by the people's elected representatives in our general assembly. And I keep, I keep saying the people's elected representatives because it's a rule of law issue for me. You know, the, the, the democratic process means something. It's not, we, we don't live in a totalitarian dictatorship, unlike in China, You know, here the way we get things done is that the, the people elect representatives who then pass laws and then the executive branch, we then enforce those laws. And so I, I realize I'm being repetitive using that term, but it's important for me to emphasize that point because I want folks to understand that, You know, that they've had a voice in this process that has led us to this point.


Okay. So whether it's the federal government, whether it's the Chinese Communist Party, whether it's big tech, whoever it is, the money gets allocated to the people. That's right. Eventually, that's, that's amazing. I'm sure Missouri could use another 25 billion. Yeah, I mean there, we, we've always got roads that are deteriorating or, You know, our law enforcement needs additional assets and resources to shore up our criminal justice system. And so I'm, I look forward to continuing to, to push that case forward to its eventual success. I hope it happens. I hope it happens. Last thing real quick before we get started here. Everybody gets a gift.


Our Vigilance, Elite gummy bears full of poison, toxic dyes, lots of sugar, but they taste good. They're made here in the U s a, they're actually made in Michigan, so love it. Appreciate it, man. Everybody gets one of those. Thank you. Except the doctors. I don't give the doctors though, so they're always, yeah, they don't like food dyes. I don't either, but those are, I like gummy beers. I will make an exception for those. But, so let's move in. I wanna move into your life story. Yeah. So where did you grow up? Grew up in Columbia, Missouri. It's a college town right there in central Missouri. You know, at the time in the early nineties that I was a kid, it was a town of about 50, 60,000 people.


It's now grown to, You know, north of a hundred thousand people. But at the time, it, it was a, You know, medium sized town. It had a small town feel. And we saw a newspaper boy delivered newspapers at the end of the day, milkman delivered milk in the mornings. But we had a lot of cultural influence because the, the state's flagship university, the University of Missouri is there in Columbia. So a lot of cultural experiences that other smaller towns maybe wouldn't get exposed to. But it was a great place to grow up. And You know, I have a brother, a younger brother who's also now an attorney, and my mom and dad raised us to love the United States of America and love our state and, You know, to be, be patriotic and to why we have a constitution.


And that the rights in the constitution come from God, not man, the constitution's intended to protect us from the government. The government's supposed supposed to protect our rights. You know, so those are foundational principles that I grew up with in mid-Missouri. What were you into as a kid? Buddy downstairs who's on your staff says you are, you are basically born, you were a born captain America, that, that might be overselling it a bit. Yeah, You know, I, I was a, a boy scout, was an Eagle Scout. I enjoyed fishing, enjoyed hunting, spent a lot of time in the outdoors, You know, played different sports, but in high school, got really into high school debate and so was on the debate team in high school.


And, You know, I grew up and got a little rowdy in high school maybe. And, You know, my mom, I wanted to join the military and I just really What do you mean rowdy? Well, You know, just a partier. I grew up in Missouri. There's not a whole lot to do. There's not a whole lot to do as a, You know, a youth Yeah. You know, your parents tell you to be home at this time, and maybe I'm 10 minutes late the first weekend and then 20 minutes late the next weekend until I, You know, I'm getting, getting yelled at at the front door there. But it, You know, at the end of the day, I wanted to join the military and my, my mom was like, yeah, that's probably a good idea. You know, you, you need a little more growing up we're, and this will be a good institution to instill some discipline.


But she wanted to go to go to college as well. So she really motivated me to sign up for an Army ROTC scholarship in 1999 when I graduated high school. And I remember I was about to sign the contract with the army and the ma i, there was a major there who was the recruitment officer for ROTC and I, I looked at him and said, now I'm gonna get to go to law school before I go into the army as a second lieutenant. Yeah, we do deferments all the time. Won't be a problem. Year later, You know, two years later, nine 11 happens. And I really changed plans at that point, realized that as much as I wanted to be a JAG attorney and wanted to, to practice law in the army, there was a war on. And again, just my upbringing and kind of my, my patriotism, when you're graduating from Army ROTC, you list your, You know, the different branches in the army that you're interested in.


And so I put armor tanks number one, infantry number two, I think, You know, field artillery engineer number three and four. So I really wanted to do a combat arms branch and ended up getting my first choice armor. So October of 2004, I reported to Fort Knox, Kentucky for Armor Officer basic course, the tank school, and was trained on the M1 Abrams main battle tank. And graduated in that late, late winter, early spring in 2005, reported my duty station at Fort Carson, Colorado and asked to be sent to Iraq. My, I was assigned to the third armored cavalry regimen, which is the last heavy armored cavalry regiment in the army.


And they had just deployed to Nineveh Province Iraq. And so I asked to be deployed. They, I was, You know, they sent me over to Iraq and standby. Yeah, yeah. Move it too fast. Yeah. Where were you when nine 11 happened? What were you doing? I was in college. I was a, a, a college kid. And actually my, my buddy James, who's here with me today that you met, he and I were roommates in college at Mizzou. And I remember his mom called and told him that a plane had crashed in the World Trade Center and he, and he needed to turn on the tv. So he came down to my room and we flipped on the, the TV and we watched as the second plane hit the, the, the other tower and watched that live. And, You know, at the time, I, I'm sure this experience is shared by so many that's like, well, what is happening?


We don't know what's happening, but we know this is intentional. And very quickly, You know, watched President Bush articulate that we were at war with a terrorist organization that was intent on destroying innocent American life. And that I was angry about that and wanted to avenge the people who had been killed. They wanted to go to war, wanted to go to war, why tanks? You know, there was, I always just grew up admiring George Patton and mounted warfare, You know, that it just something that had fascinated me. And so yeah, that's just where I ended up. All right.


So let's move to Iraq. Yeah. You get into Iraq. Yeah. What, what was your experience? What was it like when you got on the ground there? So I fell in on, as a leader. Yeah. I was an officer, a brand new second lieutenant, and I fell in on, And it, in the armored cavalry, it's, it's called a troop, not a company, same size element. But my troop was deployed at a small troop size company sized Ford operating base in Bge, Iraq, up in northwestern Iraq. And so it was just 180, it was all male, 180 American soldiers. We had Battalion of Iraqi army, they're with us on the separate part of that, that fob.


We were living in tents, You know, we had the old Vietnam era shower tents where you, you, you maybe take a, You know, 32nd shower once a week. But we secured the small base we were on, did patrols in the town, in the small town of bge, we screened the Syrian border, and then we trained the Iraqi Army Iraqi police, Iraqi border patrol. And I actually was an armored cavalry scout platoon leader. So in the, in the Cav you have one platoon of tanks, one platoon of Bradleys, another platoon of tanks, another platoon of Bradleys headquarters maintenance, and a section of mortars as well. And usually the second lieutenant gets the tank platoon. 'cause the tank platoon's only four vehicles, 16 soldiers.


You just ca came from Fort Knox, where you're trained on that, that platform. But they put me as a brand new second lieutenant, as a platoon leader of a scout platoon. So I had six Bradley fighting vehicles, the military table of organization equipment calls for 30 soldiers. You know, staffing levels are a bit fluid, but, so it's a larger, larger platoon and a different weapon system than I had trained on. And I, I'd never ridden in a Bradley. And then, You know, all of a sudden I'm a platoon leader, but trained on the, the 25 millimeter main gun there on the, the Bradley. And, You know, the, the unique part about what we were doing when we were doing cordon and search operations is that those tanks would move into a neighborhood and form the outer cord on, and then we would move the Bradleys in.


And so I spent as much time on the ground in a stack with my guys kicking in doors and searching houses and setting up traffic control points as I did in the turt directing all of that. What, what year did you get there? I was there oh five to oh six. Oh, so we were there together. Yeah, that's when I was there. We did a bunch of work with Brad. We used Bradley's as an insertion platform. Yeah. A lot times, yeah. To conduct sniper operations. Did you see a lot of combat or, so my platoon was It's a hard time. Yeah, yeah. We, and we actually were selected to participate in Operation Restore Rights and Rack. Where's that? It's, it, it up there in the Nineveh Province. Okay. It's a, You know, one of these ancient cities, I think it's in the, one of the books of Kings in the Bible.


It's referred to as Taloser. So it's one of these ancient biblical cities. But it had been completely overrun by insurgents. They had shot down a Kyah helicopter. Actually, one of my best friends from college had been killed there, oh man. A few months before I got there. And he was kind of a mentor to me and had been trained on tanks, graduated before me, trained on tanks, had deployed, And it was in a striker vehicle that was struck by an IED And it, it killed him in the, the rest of the crew in the vehicle. And so I ended up as part of the offensive operation to retake that, that town. And it got to work with some seals who were there as well. Do You know what team? You know, I, it, it escapes me. It'll, it'll, it, it'll come back to me later.


But those guys were fantastic. I mean, the, we had, there was a sniper, insurgent sniper who, I mean, bad dude and Seal Sniper team came in and really helped mitigate, You know, as running counter sniper operations, you, we certainly felt a lot safer on the ground kicking in the doors and doing this cordon search operations knowing that we had that, that cover. So where, where does an officer, where, where are you placed in the, in the formation of a Bradley unit? So you, the, the turt of the Bradley holds two individuals. And so the, the vehicle commander of which the second lieutenant is one rides in the turret in the commander's hatch of the vehicle.


And then you've got a gunner next to you. You got a driver that's in a sep separate compartment kind of in the front slope of the vehicle. And then you, as You know, you've got that crew compartment in the back that can hold 6, 8, 12 if you have to dismounts, man, they took some, they took some nasties. I remember hearing I was a part of any of that, but I remember hearing Bradley's getting struck by IDs and the door wouldn't open up in the back and guys burn alive in there. Yeah. Do you have any ID strikes that would split the, the back of the vehicle? And, You know, the first day, one of the first days I was in Talifa on this operation, we were doing some battle handover with a unit and my, the, the troop commander rides in a, in one Abrams tank.


And we were in a column and his tank was right in front of me. And the insurgents destroyed the tank. I mean, it was a catastrophic killing on a tank. And you, you're up against an insurgent force that can take out a 72, 73 ton vehicle. I mean, really quickly, that kind of early twenties sense of invincibility evaporates when you, you could, you see that the insurgents have that, those capabilities and you realize, okay, they can take out a 70 ton vehicle, they can take out a 32 ton vehicle that I'm in, in, in the Bradley. And so it really set the tone. Any casualties not in that IED strike. And in fact, my platoon did not suffer any casualties. We lost some of the Iraqi soldiers that we were with actually to sniper fire before the, the Seal counter sniper team started, got there and was, was helping us out, but blessed to be able to bring my soldiers home after that deployment.


And You know, that that operation really only lasted a couple weeks, a month that we were there in Tali far. And then we were back in our small town of BGE on our small fob to secure the, the town for the national Constitutional referendum. Any engagements in Bradley? Yeah. Yeah. I got to use the 25 millimeter a few times. I, You know, the, you can only shoot the tank, can shoot multiple weapon systems at a time, but the Bradley, you can only really shoot the 25 millimeter. It's, so the weapon system's on the Bradley, you've got a 25 millimeter chain gun that can shoot either armor piercing or high explosive rounds. You have a coax mounted two 40 that's a 7 6 2 machine gun, but then you've also got two tube blanc optically wire guided missiles.


And I never got to shoot the toes, always wanted to shoot the toe missile, but there was an engagement where my gunner had identified that an ID trigger man and was engaging with the 25 millimeter. And I was actually, I opened up the plenum chamber door that you used to, to fix a jam or load more ammunition in the two 40 and was manually firing the two 40 just to You were, yeah, yeah. Just to maximize how many, how much lead we were putting down range. So did you get him? Yeah, I think so. I think so. Yeah. He, he had a bad day. Good, good. Nice, nice. How many deployments did you do? Did two, the first one, You know, I got there a little late, and so I stayed behind in Kuwait at the Kuwaiti Naval Base to help clean all the vehicles and ship 'em home.


And then got home and they moved my unit from Fort Carson, Colorado to Fort Hood, Texas. So, and I was the only officer that moved with my troops. I signed for all the equipment, loaded everything up and moved it to Fort Hood, Texas. We drew new equipment, was drew all new soldiers. We trained for about a year and, and then went back to Iraq on a second deployment in that year. You know, we, we did an an NTC rotation at Fort Urban California. We spent, I mean, we did gunnery, we did tra I mean, we spent 200 days of that year in the field. And so it was a, You know, expedited timeline to refit, re-arm retrain, and get right back over as part of the surge.


And so second deployment, we were at Key West, just south of Mosul. And I was an XO and then a, a troop commander for a little while. And we were there for 15 months, 4 55 days. So that second deployment was a, a long one. And it, as You know, like the, the, the mission had changed significantly from being actually on the boots on the ground with the Iraqis training them, but also conducting missions ourselves, You know, the conventional forces by oh 7, 0 8, 0 9, the, the role was so much more limited, at least where I was at, at Key West. Anything significant during that deployment or, You know, just the, the length?


Oh my gosh, it was a long one. We, we were there really more in a support role for, for the Iraqis, but, You know, did you guys go into MOO at all? That was just a constant mess. Yeah. Yeah. That was a mess. Yeah, that's And our, the whole duration. Yeah. Even after we pulled out. Yeah. And it was just agency Yeah. And a couple of soft teams there. I mean, it was, Mosul was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And it, did you get any time inside? I didn't get, I did not go to Mosul. No. We had, some of our sister units were up there, some, one of the other, one of the other elements of the, the regiment was up there. But my, we were, we were at Key West and we really, we did some work, You know, pushing out some other smaller fobs just to try to add some stability so that as the insurgents were being forced out of Mosul, that You know, that we'd catch 'em, there would be a net to kind of catch that.


But at the end of the day, You know, much more of a support role at that point in the, in the OIF cycles. Yeah, yeah. It definitely changed a lot with the Obama administration. Why did you leave the Army? I wanted to go to law school. And so when I came home from the first deployment, they lined us all up. I, I've been on the ground for like 48 hours and they lined everybody up by rank and said, okay, you're gonna go meet with an HR representative from the Pentagon to determine what your future's gonna look like in the military. And I sat down with a, an individual and, and told 'em, You know, wait, in line, sat down with an individual, and as You know, you, you come home from a deployment and you're amped up and kind of the, the problems of the civilian world and the, the, the, You know, the conus world are a little bit muted.


And so I was, You know, pretty, pretty charged up. And it was like, Hey, send me anywhere on earth. I'll go to Korea, I'll go back to Iraq, go to Afghanistan, put me on a mid team or a bid team, You know, put, do, do whatever you want, but what's a mid team or a bid team? So those were transition teams. They were kind of cobbled together teams of different moss that were there solely for training in, You know, being inserted into Iraqi units and training the Iraqis or AF Afghan. And so it was just a, a different, different than being in a line unit like I had been in, in the armored cavalry, but I was like, Hey, sit, You know, send me anywhere on earth.


I wanna be a JAG attorney. And the Army has this fully funded legal education program that pays for your law school, and you get to come, you, you go to law school, then you come back into the army as a JAG attorney, but there's a window of time that you have to apply for it And it cuts off. And I was like, if you guy, if you send me to Fort Hood, Texas, I'm essentially stop lost and I, it will prevent me from being able to participate in Thele program. And they're like, yeah, we don't care. We're sending you to Texas. So I was not gonna be able to a JA career as an army Jag was not really an option for me. And, but I knew I wanted to go to law school and so got outta the army after I got home from the second deployment. And, You know, growing up, my grandfather had been a law enforcement officer, and as a little kid, he used to take me to court with him to watch him testify.


And so I just kind of grew up thinking, working with cops to lock bad guys up in court was one of the coolest jobs on earth. And so that's really what I wanted to do. And so I really wanted to get to law school. And so I came home, I transitioned outta the army and I moved to the city of St. Louis and I lived near the Anheuser-Busch Brewery in, in the heart of St. Louis, which is always a bit of a rough, You know, city, but it's gotten worse, You know, in the past few years. But, but at the time, You know, I was a young guy, had just gotten outta the army. My buddy that I'd gone to college with got outta the army. He was gonna the police academy. And I was, I worked as an armed guard at a courthouse in north kind of north city St.


Louis. It's a, a courthouse And it, the juvenile detention facilities part of the courthouse. So I went from carrying an M four, You know, as a, a platoon leader, XO company commander for a little while in Iraq to wearing a revolver at the front door of a courthouse in North City, St. Louis.


Even if you're working hard to support yourself and your family, it can still seem like you're taking a financial step backwards instead of forward every month, bills get higher, paychecks stay the same. You end up swiping that credit card to cover the difference and the debt keeps adding up. But if you own a home, my friends at American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you, an average of $800 a month. And even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American Financing. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash ss.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year, learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


And did that, You know, for a little while until I could get into law school, went back to University of Missouri in Columbia for law school and was there for three years and really, You know, wanted to tailor my experience to getting out and becoming a prosecuting attorney based on my kinda experience, You know, growing up in court with my grandpa. What was it like for you going to, going back to University of Missouri as a decorated combat veteran? It, it's an experience. You know, you, I was 30 when I started law school, which is a different age range than kind of the, the more traditional student. And again, You know, like the, the, the problems of everyday life are very muted after you come home from a deployment.


And so, You know, you've got a younger generation who is convinced they, they know a lot about the world and you, it's just a little, you, you bring kind of an older, more experienced perspective to things. One of my law professors was Jock Holly, who's now a United States Senator, former Attorney General of the state of Missouri, and now a United States Senator. So I was trained by the best at Missou Law by Professor Josh Olley and grateful to him. Did you deal with any, did you have a tough time transitioning from combat to civilian life? You know, it, it was a challenge. And again, you expect things to move at a certain pace and just the way you as a leader in the army and a, You know, similar experience, you, the way you talk to your soldiers is just very different than the way civilians communicate with one another.


So getting, getting used to kind of the pace at which things move and the, the, the way in which you communicate with people to achieve an objective and how you motivate them. It's very different between the military and the civilian civilian world. So that, that's always an adjustment. Oh yeah, certainly I was, my experience. Any, any, any problems with, I mean, look, a lot of guys struggle with booze addiction. Yeah. You know, they get on Zoloft, they get on benzos, the VA's notorious for handing that shit out. I mean, did you have, did you have to overcome any of that? You know, I'm thankful I didn't. And I, my heart goes out to the, the, the men and women who do, because I know they, You know, they're, they gave up something to serve a higher purpose and are now still paying for the, the consequences.


And that the, You know, and that's, that hurts. I, I did not have that experience, but I'm grateful to not through that. What do you, You know, so before we move into your, your career as a prosecuting attorney, what, since we're on the topic, I wanted to bring this up later, but I mean, psychedelics are doing wonders on guys coming home from, from combat 20, You know, the longest war we've ever been in 20 plus years. And I'm one of those experiencers, I did an iboga treatment, it'll be three years this Valentine's Day, and I kicked booze. It just totally transformed my life all in positive ways.


And so, You know, being the man that you are today, you have the ability to make tremendous difference in the state and the, and in the country. I mean, what are your thoughts on psychedelic therapy? I think it's absolutely appropriate that different options be made available and that everyone be able to make their own decisions about which option for treatment best suits their needs and produces the best results. And I've seen Bill's move in the Missouri General Assembly last session, and I believe we will be reintroduced and move again this session to accomplish exactly that. I, You know, you, you talk about the va and I think the VA has let Warriors down and there have been too many warriors that have not received the treatment they are owed because of bureaucracy and bad decision making and apathy.


And we owe those who have served in the Global War on Terror and any other conflict. We, those who have served, we owe them more. And the va, I, I'm, again, I'm encouraged that the President Trump has put a renewed emphasis on that. And I'm, I'm hopeful that they will make available a spectrum of, of different treatment options to folks so that, again, people can make good individual decisions for themselves. Is that something you could help lead the charge on? Yeah, absolutely. Look, we need more veterans in public office, I think because of the perspective and because of kind of the, the ability to make decisions under the rigors of the situations we've been in.


And so being a leading voice on this and many other different issues, the more veterans we get in public office, the better off we're gonna be. And the, the more we can have these voices heard and the more we can lead on issues like this. Yeah. Is that something that's on your radar that you think you'll participate in? Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. How would you do it? Well, You know, again, separation of powers matters to me and our general assembly enacts statutes. And we as the Attorney General then enforce the statutes that are passed. And so helping with technical advice or leadership advice as bills are moving through the legislative process is one way you think you'll get loud about it at all.


I get loud about most things. Right on. Well, so let's move into your career as a prosecuting attorney. Yep. Yep. So in law school, You know, there's a, an academic component, but there's also a practical component. And I did what I needed to do on the academic side, but I was really focused on the practical component because I graduated tank school and then months later were, was a platoon leader in Iraq. And I remember, I remember at Tank school You know, you've got a bunch of recent college grads that are second lieutenants, were kind of smoking and joking, and one of the NCOs came up and was like, Hey guys, y'all aren't taking this training seriously.


And You know, there's nothing I can do or say that's gonna motivate you, but just know, like you're gonna be in a different world in a month and soldiers' lives are gonna be on the line. So you guys, you think about that while you're sitting here smoking a joke. And it really caught our attention. And, You know, that's one of those grab you, grab you by the nose and kick you in the rear end kind of moments. And so I wanted to be able to walk out of law school combat ready, ready to go try a case to a jury on day one. So I really focused on internships and practical experience. I worked defending the state's convictions on appeal at the, as an intern at the Missouri Attorney General's office. So appellate law, which is a unique perspective because most trial attorneys don't wanna write appeals because their courtroom jockeys not deep thinking appellate attorneys.


Not that they couldn't, that's just their preference. But when you're doing appeals, you're reading trial transcripts, and so you learn to see your voice in written word on black and white in black and white, black ink on white paper. And so you learn how to speak in such a way to develop a record to protect a conviction on appeal. And you see a lot of mistakes. You see what works, you see what doesn't work. You see how people are describing things, you see how evidence is adduced. So that was a really great experience to learn the law, learn courtroom skills by reading briefs and appeals. I interned at several different county prosecutors' offices and got real practical experience. And so it was cool. Graduated, went to work at the Missouri Attorney General's office, and I spent about two years there and I defended the state's execution methodology in federal court.


So the death row inmates had filed an eighth amendment challenge under section 42 USC 1983, the civil federal civil rights statute, claiming that Missouri's method of execution lethal chemical was cruel and unusual. And so I def, You know, my, the ink's still outta my bar card. I'm in federal court defending the state's execution methodology so the state could continue to carry out the ultimate punishment. Did special prosecution around the state, did it, hold on, did that hold up? Is there still executions in Missouri? Yep. Absolutely. Absolutely. We, we won that suit and we switched from a three drug protocol to a single drug protocol and have successfully defended that in court.


And the state, the ultimate punishment in the state of Missouri is still on the books for prosecutors to use and will defend it at the ags office. What kind of crimes constitute a, a death sentence so that, that is murder in the first degree, You know, and typically the punishment is either the ultimate punishment or it's life without parole. How many people a year does Missouri execute? So we have, it changes year by year. And again, it's, it's hard to, it's hard to find, to define that data point because at the time that the state carries out an execution, we're usually 10, 15, 20, 30, or more years from when the conviction was obtained.


That long. It takes a long time because did you say 10 to 30 years? Yeah, absolutely. The offender is entitled to a direct appeal motion for post-conviction relief appeal from most motion for post-conviction relief, state habeas corpus, federal habeas corpus. And so all those different appellate remedies have to be exhausted before the State Supreme Court will issue a warrant to carry out the execution. I mean, how, I mean, I'm for the death penalty, the thing that, I mean, how, how can you be sure though that they're guilty?


You know, I I think that Winston Churchill, You know, described democracy as the worst system on earth except for all the other ones. You know, something to that effect, I'm probably butchering the, the quote, but it, it, I look at our trial by jury system the same way, You know, the founding fathers had an experience in colonial America and English, common law and English jurisprudence that then they codified into the United States Constitution. And the rights trial by jury is one of the most sacred rights we have. And, You know, it's not the right to serve on a jury, used to be a political right. And so you just, You know, there are, there's ample due process safeguards in place, and most of the time the juries get it right.


You know, there, most of the times the juries get it right. And we trust jurors to make sound decisions in the jury box, just like we trust voters to make sound decisions at the ballot box. And when you have a fair process, you produce good outcomes. Now, I, I stand by the proposition that I would rather a hundred guilty men go free than one innocent man be punished. But the, the, again, our system is designed with ample safeguards in place to protect due process and, and protect the rights trial by jury and to ensure good outcomes. I mean, how do we, how is the jury selected on something like that? So, because we've all heard the stories about, You know, the jury gets packed with, I mean, we saw what the Eddie Gallagher case Yeah.


You know, Tim talks a lot about that. You know, they kind of pack the jury. Yeah. They, so how, how can you be, how is the jury selected and how can you be sure that they don't have their own biases? Well, again, you're counting on, it's called a venire panel. The veni, you're, you're, those individuals summoned for jury to, you're counting on them answering the questions that the attorneys are asking them, and the judge is asking that they're answering those, honestly. And you have to sometimes ask multiple questions, multi, multiple, different ways to shake things loose. And if, if there's any doubt, then that juror gets struck for cause or, You know, the, the judge is gonna dismiss them in death penalty cases.


It's a bifurcated trial. So there's really two trials. Number one is the trial. The, the first trial is, did the bad guy do it? Did the defendant commit the crime beyond a reasonable doubt, the state has to prove each element of the offense beyond a reasonable doubt. That's the highest burden of proof in American or English jurisprudence. Then the second trial, if you get the guilt, if, if yes, he did it beyond a reasonable doubt. Now you move to the second trial, and the second trial poses the question. Sh do the aggravating circumstances outweigh any, mitigating, mitigating circumstances beyond a reasonable doubt, thereby justifying imposition of the ultimate punishment?


Okay. And so there's statutorily, enumerated, aggravating and mitigating circumstances that the jury gets to weigh to determine whether or not the death penalty actually appropriate. Like was the, the commissioner of the crime vile and wanton, You know, was the body mutilated? Is there a pattern of like several murders that led us to this point? You know, how, what are the scripts now? The, and then the defense attorneys get to put on their own mitigating evidence, like, okay, well the kid came from a terrible childhood where he was abused and he has this mental health disorder. And, You know, again, there are all these safeguards in place. And then after it, to the extent the jury finds beyond a reasonable doubt that the aggravating circumstances outweigh the mitigating circumstances, and the judge imposes the ultimate punishment based on what the jury has brought back, the Missouri Supreme Court conducts its own proportionality review.


And that's unique to capital cases. That doesn't happen in other cases. Like if I just committed an armed robbery and I'm sentenced to 15 years in Missouri Department of Corrections, the Supreme Court's not gonna do an independent proportionality review. My case may never end up in front of, front of the Missouri Supreme Court. But in capital cases, they do. And so the, the, the court, the, the seven judges of the Missouri Supreme Court are gonna weigh everything again and determine, like, does, is the death penalty really justified here, or are we just acting out of anger because something terrible happened? Have you prosecuted anybody that wound up on death row and that was executed? So I have not personally prosecuted at the trial court level, but I have worked to defend the state's imposition of death penalty for individual cases on in habeas appeals.


So I've What does that mean? So it, appellate laws is unique. So there's a direct appeal that says in your direct appeal, if you're the, the offender and you're convicted, you're in the direct appeal, you're saying something wrong. A mistake was made in the, the trial itself, like the judge led in hearsay evidence, or the judge denied, overruled an objection he shouldn't have. The jury instructions are wrong. After that, you've got a collateral attack on the conviction, a separate line of a of appeal, And it starts as a motion for post-conviction relief, and then it moves over to habeas. But those collateral attacks are really saying there's a constitutional or statutory defect in the con in the conviction.


So it's something that outside of the, the trial itself went wrong. So, like for instance, one of the most common claims is in 1985, the United States Supreme Court handed down this decision in Strickland v Washington and said that the sixth Amendment guarantee of the right to counsel in criminal proceedings includes the right to effective assistance of counsel. So you get a right to an attorney. And that cons, that that attorney has to be constitutionally effective. So offenders will often raise claims of, Hey, my attorney didn't object because he's constitutionally defective. This was ineffective assistance of counsel. Thus the, my conviction has a constitutional flaw and the case should be remanded for a new trial.


And so that's, those are the, usually the types of claims you see in, in motion for post-conviction relief proceedings and habeas proceedings. Okay. So there, there are people on death row or that have been executed that you've been a part of the case? Yeah, in fact, one of the offenders that I worked on that case when I was an Assistant Attorney General, he was then executed my first day on the job in January of 2023 when I was sworn in as the Attorney General. What did he do? Murder. He killed his girlfriend. And he, in fact, this is the case, the seminal case in Missouri for adoption of what's called the Forfeiture by Wrongdoing doctrine.


That is an exception to not only the rule against hearsay evidence, but the, the requirements that criminal defendants be allowed to confront their accusers in open court. And it actually stems from Sir Walter Raleigh's case in Elizabeth in England when Sir Walter Raleigh was accused of treason against the crown of England. And he shows up to trial and the prosecutors have all these sworn affidavits from people that had been torturing in the star Chamber in the Tower of London. And Sir Walter Raleigh said, no, no, no, I get to look my accusers in the eye and question them. And, and the jury then gets to see how they respond to my question to determine whether or not they're being truthful or not. And that's where we get the, that's why the founders put the sixth Amendment right to confrontation, the confrontation clause in the United States Constitution.


There's an exception, though. You have a right to confront the witnesses unless you procure through wrongdoing that witness's unavailability. You can't go shoot the witness against you and then complain that they didn't show up. And you don't get to cross examine them. And in this instance, the, the defendant, the offender had murdered his girlfriend, and her statements were allowed to come in at trial because he had threatened her in the past and, and abused her in the past and ultimately murdered her in that that wrongdoing procured her unavailability at trial. Wow. Wow. And so it, it, it's an interesting doctrine And it it a leading case at the United States Supreme Court that I can think of as Gilles v California, where I think Justice Clarence Thomas really articulates the, the historical justification for that, that doctrine.


And when I, later after I left the prosecutor's office and ended up working for the Missouri governor as part of the governor's crime package, we codified a statutory procedure by which prosecutors could use this doctrine. And it was all based on my work in this, on this case. And then on the back end as Attorney General, that's the day the state ended up executing that individual. Interesting. How many people have you been a part of sending to death row? You know, as an Assistant Attorney general at that time in the state's history, there was about an execution a month for a year. Wow. And we only missed, You know, there, there was, there were several, we, there were a few that the court court stayed, and those didn't move forward.


They don't happen with as much frequency. Now, going back to your original question, which is like how many happen a year? Well, it, there, the Missouri Supreme Court won't issue the execution warrants as quickly anymore, just because it, it is very taxing on the systems and the people involved in those systems. And so, and they, and again, the court wants to give the offender ample time to exhaust all appellate remedies so that no mistakes are made. Are you notified when these guys are getting executed? Yeah. Does that bother you at all? No, I, I'm a proponent of the death penalty. Yeah. I think that there are people who are evil enough and unrepentant enough that have committed exceedingly heinous acts that have punched their ticket.


Let's move on. So through your, your journey as a prosecuting attorney, you adopted three, three kids. Yeah. Yeah. How did that happen? Yeah, so loved my job as an assistant attorney general. It was very fast paced. I was traveling all over the state, not only defending the state's execution protocol, but also doing special prosecution and civilly committing sexually violent predators, kind of the worst of the worst sex offenders, committing them to the Department of Mental Health for treatment for the rest of their lives so that they didn't re-offend and create new victims. Do those guys get the death penalty? They don't, but they ended up, they ended up commit.


It's like they ended up in Department of Mental Health for treatment for the rest of their lives. They never, they never, that treatment never ends. Why, why, why aren't they? Why? Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I think that the laws need to be amended to expand use of the death penalty for other offenses. 'cause other offenses are heinous enough. And when you're perp on kids, man, that, that is, that's the worst, the worst in my mind. I want Missouri to be the safest state in the nation for children. And you can see that in so much of the work we've done since I took off, took office, but loved that job, loved doing the work. My, I had married a gal that I had met in Texas when I was stationed down there. She was tired of me being on the road every night. And so a friend of mine was elected prosecutor in one of the counties in the circuit where I'd interned.


And I always knew I wanted to end up there. And she offered me a job in Warren County, Missouri. So my wife and I, I left the ags office, became an assistant prosecutor in Warren County, Missouri. Where's Warren County? What's the city? Warrenton is the city. Okay. The, the county seat. It's right there on the I 70 corridor between St. Louis and Columbia. Gotcha. Just, just west of St. Charles County. Okay. So on the fringe, the St. Louis metropolitan area. Still a very rural jurisdiction. Great place to raise a family though, man. It's, it, we loved it. We settled in the southwest corner of the county. So Herman Missouri has really been the closest town. That's where we go to church, kids go to school. But I worked at the courthouse in Warrington, and as an assistant prosecutor in a rural jurisdiction, you end up having a couple different jobs in order to make ends meet.


So as an assistant prosecutor, working with cops to lock bad guys up, supporting victims' rights, loved that job. I was also the attorney for the county juvenile office. And so a couple times a month I'd be in court and all these kids in foster care just killed me, man. Like I remember there was a, an instance where a, a juvenile was begging the court to terminate his parents' parental rights because he wanted a home to go to for Christmas, like their kids that don't have homes to go to for Christmas. So I talked to my wife and we became licensed foster parents under the laws of the state of Missouri and ended up adopting a sibling pair, my oldest two kiddos. And we met them when they were three and two. And so I thought, kids come to your potty train and talking, I didn't know there was this, I didn't know there was this whole other side to it, but it, You know, such a blessing for us to get, to grow our family like that and to get to adopt two wonderful kiddos.


And I just love 'em to death and God put us together as a family, You know, and I, that's something I, we, we talk about all the time that it didn't matter where you came from or, You know, the, the biology didn't matter. This was always God's plan for, for us to be a family. And it's really cool, after we had adopted them, the children's division, then put a baby in our house who's now my 6-year-old, and we adopted him as well. And so we went from no kids to two kids overnight to then a third pretty quickly. And, You know, so it's a unique experience. And so many foster parents across the United States of America are gonna understand this reference. But like, when the children's division shows up at the screaming infant at 2:00 AM You know, you, you get dressed and, and you drive 30 minutes to the nearest Walmart to buy a crib and diapers and bottles and all the, the things you need for a baby that most normal people just accumulate over a nine month period.


And so, You know, going from having two toddlers to then having a baby and learning to do the baby stuff, You know, you, you you learn on the fly really quickly. But adopted our, our, You know, adopted him and he's now our 6-year-old just love him to death. And again, same, same deal. You know, it's like we were always supposed to be together as a family After that, two years ago, my wife got pregnant and we've had a biological son. So I've got a 12, 11, 6 and two year olds. So we're still doing the diaper thing at home, but got four little ones and it's a, You know, soft Tampa two cover zone defense at the Bailey household. But I love being a dad, man, getting to be a dad's the best thing that ever happened to me and my wife and, and kids. And I have a lot of fun.


And we still, we live in Montgomery County, Missouri, just just west of Warren County. Herman's still the closest town. So that's where we go to church, kids go to school. When, when do those conversations starts in your family about adoption and how do they go, You know, the, we have allowed the children to really be the ones to wanna start that conversation and, And it, they're gonna kill me for telling this story, but my oldest two, the children's division, introduced us at a Burger King. So they think that kids come, they thought that kids come from Burger King.


So after we had adopted them, they went down to Texas to visit my in-laws children's division, put this baby in our house. They come home from Texas, walk in the house to see the baby there and say, well, you went to Burger King without us. So most recently, when my wife was pregnant, we had some really interesting conversations about where babies come from and what role Burger King may or may not play in that process. But, You know, we just really let the kids kind of drive when they're ready to have those conversations. And it, You know, it's again, constantly promoting this idea that, that we believe, which is that, You know, before we were formed in the womb, before they were formed in the womb, God had a plan for us. And it was always for us to be together as a family.


And they're, they're Bailey's, I'm a Bailey. You know, that's, that's, that's it. So what, I mean, what is the, how old were they when they asked? You know, I'm trying to remember. And it, it's, it was really my oldest two really got curious about it when we were adopting our third child. Because, You know, my wife and I were talking about that. And there's always a little bit of anxiety because you've got this legal proceeding that has to happen and look, they called termination of parental rights. You the kid, there has to be a termination of parental rights for the child to then be available for adoption. So it's the, the acronym is TPR and TPR is the death penalty of civil law.


The worst thing that can happen to you in criminal court is the ultimate punishment is imposed. Worst thing that can ever happen to anybody in civil court is your kids get taken away from you. And so those are, those cases are really tough. I mean, those, that's tough evidence. It's tough on, you've got foster parents that you've got biological families, you've got a guardian ad litem, you've got a judge's gotta make a tough decision, got a juvenile officer, you got the children's division. So you got all these folks and they're the really, really tough decisions have to be made, evidence has to be induced. And it's reviewed at so many different levels. 'cause again, you wanna make sure that the things are done the right way and people's rights are, are scrupulously protected. And, but there's a lot of anxiety for foster parents or adoptive families because it's like, well, is this gonna work? Is this gonna go through? Is the judge gonna rule our way?


What are we gonna have to do? I, I was familiar with the court process having been in court, but like my wife wasn't. And I, my heart goes out to so many foster families who are going through that court process for the first time, or adoptive families who are going through that court process for the first time. And it can be intimidating and vexing. And so you, but, You know, wife and I are talking through it and that, You know, the kids overhear those conversations. And, and so that sparked some of that conversation. How, what was the question? You know, I'm trying to remember now. I, and I can't recall for the life of me exactly how the question was posed or how the conversation was went. But it was like, well, how did, how did we become a family? You know, where did we come from?


What's, what's the history there? You know, the, the, that's really the line of questions. And I, it's, it's not a once in time conversation. You know, I'm sure as my kids get older, they'll have additional questions. And so it's, it, it's kind of an ongoing fluid conversation. I mean, that's gotta be a, whatever you're doing, we have to stop right now Yeah. And have this conversation. Yeah. Is that how it, I mean, yeah, yeah. I mean, you're absolutely right. And, and you, and You know, with kids, their timing, it's not always aligned with what's going on in the house at that moment. And when you've got multiple kids, it's like, okay, well I gotta get the food on the table. I gotta get the bags packed for tomorrow. I gotta get my stuff ready for tomorrow. I gotta, we gotta get to soccer practice, we gotta get to baseball ready.


There's stuff going on. And when the kids decide to, to, when that bubbles up in their minds and they wanna have that conversation, you're right. Oftentimes it's, you got the, the, the pod on the oven, You know, boiling over because, hey, I need to focus right now on, on this serious topic of conversation. Were you guys prepared for that? I don't know that you can ever be fully prepared for it. You know, it's something we had certainly thought about and talked through, but I guess time will tell if we did it correctly or incorrectly. I don't know that there's a right answer, You know? Yeah, yeah. Will there be, I mean, I don't know the background of your kids, and I'm sure you probably don't want to get into it on air before adoption, unless you do, do you?


No. I mean, look, I kids don't end up in the foster system by accident. I, You know, speaking broadly, it's just like, if like kiddo ends up in the foster system, it's 'cause something terrible happened at home. Something absolutely terrible. And I remember going through the foster training and, And it, in my mind, a kid would come out of, You know, would enter the foster system and would end up in our home. And it's like you had parachuted into Disney World, You know, pizza, cool movies, hanging out, hugs, stuffed, the animals, a warm bed at night, protection, safety, all the things kids co covet and crave and need, all humans need. But to a kiddo who's yanked out of their home, they may be living in a trailer with no electricity and raw sewage on the floor.


And a dope out parent passed out on, on the couch and the sheriff kicks in the door and yanks that kid out of there. But all they know is that was their home. And the, to the rest of it, it's deplorable. But to a kid who, that's all they've ever known. Yeah. That's, that's their home. And now they're not there anymore. So imagine if, You know, I like to put in terms of like, if someone dropped me in Cambodia and I don't speak the language and the, the, the, the culture and the way of life and the smells and the way people talk, it's all different. I mean, that's gotta, You know, I think that only touches the surface of what it must be like for kids to come into the foster system. So kind of recalibrating thinking around that and understanding that those kids, You know, have been through trauma and the, but if kids end up in the foster systems, 'cause something went terribly wrong, and we need to find loving homes for those kids.


And look, the ultimate goal of any juvenile case is hopefully reunification with a biological family. There are instances in which that can't happen because of, again, some terrible circumstance. And that's when you start looking at termination of criminal rights and adoption. But timing is really critical. We know that outcomes for kids that stay in foster care too long are, are bad. They end up in the juvenile delinquency system. They end up in the criminal, adult criminal system. And so you, You know, kids need stability and they need loving homes. And that needs to happen rapidly in the state of Missouri. Really, you're looking at the year mark between, You know, about a 12 month period between when a kid comes into foster care and when the government agents that are now in control in the court need to make a decision to either reunify or terminate parental rights and, and find a living home, home through adoption, would the possibility that the, the biological parents would reach out to your kids?


You know, in Missouri there is a registry that kids who have been adopted can sign up for if they wanna receive contact. And if the parents, then the biological families want to interact, they can submit through that registry. And, You know, I think every, everybody has to make their own decisions about that. You know, at the end of the day, I, I can't even begin to imagine how challenging that must be for an individual. What, here's what I, You know, here's what I'm working on, which is making sure my kids know we love them. They're Baileys, they always will be. And we're their parents. And God predestined that he planned that, You know, not predestination in, in like a Calvinist You know, salvationist for ordained situation, but more like God hit his sovereign will his, You know, his, the, the plan was always for us to be together as a family.


And I want my kids to, to fully understand that, know that. And that's what we work on every day. And, and knowing that they've got loving parents that, that care about them more than anything else. You sound like a great dad. Advice for fathers from you. It parenting is tough. Yeah. There's like, I, I, it's, and I, I know I constantly make mistakes and my kids are so forgiving and loving and time, You know, I think that it's easy to get wrapped up in the daily grind of, Hey, I'm the breadwinner, I'm the patriarch of the family.


I've gotta be out earning a living and mowing the lawn and doing the dishes and hustling the, the activities. And I, there's, I gotta do, and You know, adult adults need their own hobbies and you need downtime too. Yeah. But, You know, I think I really try to maximize the time I get to spend with my kids. 'cause it's fleeting and you can't ever get it back. How do you do that? I mean, you're a husband, father to four kids, Missouri Ag I mean, I'm sure you are an extremely busy guy. The whole state's depended on you. I mean, I thought you were gonna be the, the ag the country.


I really did. And, and so I can't, I don't even, I have no idea what that would entail, but I know there were discussions about it and, and a lot of people were rooting for you to be in there. But, but, but, but I mean, how do you, how do you define the balance with all that going on? How do you find the balance? Yeah, it's, it's a constant challenge. It's a constant. You, you have to be purposeful, you have to be conscious of it. You know, you have to block out time. I mean, there's times where I just, I have to turn my phone off and set it aside. And it's not that I don't care what's going on. I do, but I've gotta devote my, my, I've gotta prioritize, You know, time with, with the family. So the weekends, You know, we really prioritize spending time together on the weekends, gonna church together on Sundays.


We try during the week to do as many sit down dinners together as possible. And so we, it's, I mean, it's gonna sound kind of anachronistic or old school, but this is, I mean, I really value that time. We'll sit down, we'll have a meal and then we do a Bible lesson after the meal. And we don't, we're not, You know, seven days a week. It's almost impossible to, may be consistent across every day of the week with that. But we try to do that as often as possible. Yeah. You know, I struggle with it as an entrepreneur. And I mean, it is, it is tough. And I ask a, I ask a lot of my guests, You know, who are, who are high performers or, or extremely busy people. And that's pretty much everybody that comes on the show.


And nobody seems to have like the key. Yeah. I always feel a lot of guilt, You know, being a dad, just, just not being with my kids. You know, try, we do a lot of traveling and, and I think at the end of the day, You know, I just look at it is, You know, are my kids, are they happy? Are they happy kids? And if they're happy, then you must be doing something right. So that's, that's try to, that's how I try to gauge it, is, is it's a good formula. Are my kids happy? And my kids are happy. Although my, my daughter gets whew. But, but yeah.


So, well let's take a quick break and then when we come back we'll get into some policies and Excellent. What you're doing.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive. You can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.


Alright, Andrew, we're back from the break and we're gonna get into some of the legal issues and the current battles that you're kind of doing right now. I know that you have a lot of stuff going on. So before we get too in the weeds on this, I need you to, you're at about a level 10. I'm at about a level zero with attorney talk. Hey, I, I, I'll, I'll, I'll dial it, dial it, whichever way we need to. Like you're talking to a preschool because Yeah. But, but yeah, seriously, let's get into some of the, some of the legal stuff that you're doing right now. Some of the current battles. What, what is the thing that you're, what what would you, what's your top priority right now?


You know, we, we talked about it protecting free speech, protecting a competitive marketplace for ideas where the competition of ideas produces the best results. And whether it's protecting free speech from government censorship or protecting free speech from corporate censorship, that's a, that's a top priority. And something we're really focused on. And again, I think that the social media platforms have become the modern public square for conversation. So many people today, so many more people receive their information from those outlets. 'cause they don't trust legacy media outlets anymore. And I think that the influence of social media platforms on American culture and discourse is only gonna grow in the coming days, weeks, months, years.


And so I think that's something we've gotta be, gotta be working on. You have an, you don't you have an an investigation into Google? We do. Yep. What is that? Why? Well, look, and this is all reported in the public domain, but Google has historically sent Republican fundraising emails to spam at a much higher frequency than Democrat fundraising emails. Now why is that happening? How, how does this come across your radar? I mean, how do you, how did you figure that out? Again, we just, You know, we stay in tune with what we're seeing in the public domain and two, two different ways. Number one, we can receive a consumer complaint.


So at the Missouri Attorney General's website, we have a complaint form that folks can fill out if they're a, a consumer who's been defrauded. But then we also, we've, we just monitor what's going on in the world and what's, and You know, you look at the fact that President Trump was almost assassinated and they, they shot him in the head and you couldn't find it on a search engine. Yeah. Why, why is that in the middle of an election cycle? Like we're not talking about right now, there's not really a major elections going on at the, the present time. 'cause we're post-election inauguration, but that wasn't in an election cycle.


Why was it that the Hunter Biden laptop story was suppressed? You know, again, that was evidence we found in our case, Missouri v Biden, we uncovered that and put that out there in the public domain. That was information American voters deserved to have moving to the ballot box. That was you guys, we yeah, we helped uncover that. Absolutely. In, in discovery in, in Missouri v Biden. You know, why was it that you couldn't find articles on the assassination attempt against President Trump? Why is it that podcasts, popular podcasts that, that President Trump appears on are hard to find? Yeah. You know, where do you hide a dead body page two of a Google search. And so again, you look at it from a consumer protection angle, there's a potential, You know, antitrust issue there as well that's, You know, part of litigation.


But we intend to use the full spectrum of consumer protection law provided in state statute in Missouri to address those issues. I mean, when it comes to investigating, where do you even start? I mean, especially you're not a social media guy yourself, are you big into tech? I'm learning as I go. So I mean, it's gotta be, I think that's a, that's a fear for a lot of people is is, and you're doing amazing things. But You know, when it comes to, especially, I guess what I'm more talking about is when we see the Senate or the Congress, You know, talking about, talking about censorship and, and you got Mark Zuckerberg sitting in front of the Senate having a hearing, and you got people like Mitch McConnell who, You know, blanks out and has a stroke mid-sentence.


I mean, these guys don't know what the hell to look for. We had Feinstein died in office. I mean, you, you have these dinosaurs that are in there that probably don't even know how to open a damn email and they're talking to a tech titan. Yeah. I mean, how do you guys, I mean, and, and you seem to be extremely effective at it. So how do, how do you start the investigation? Do you wrap yourself around a team that, that is extremely well versed in, in tech and in SEO and all these other, in censorship and all these other things? Yeah, I think that's right. I think you start there in Missouri, our, again, consumer protection law allows us to send subpoenas. It's called a civil investigatory demand.


It has the fact, legal effect of a subpoena. So we, we start and you start pulling that thread, and as you subpoena this information, you start putting pieces together, realize, okay, there's something else down here. Now we gotta subpoena that. Now we got more. And oftentimes what will happen is, You know, these, and again, I'm speaking in broad terms, but the corporations will like flood you with discovery and they're just gonna swamp you with discovery. They may even churn the discovery. So it's like not in sequential order or not in a linear order, and they're just dumping documents on you and trying to drown you in discovery, or they'll drown you in vexatious discovery demands and defenses to your discovery requests if you're actually in litigation.


And that's really the game in civil law is it's, You know, it's, it, the, the, the battlefield is the discovery process. And so you, so they drown you in, in like, with useless information hoping you'll go just thousands and thousands and thousands of pages of shit that has nothing to do with what you're looking for. Yeah. And it takes you forever to sift, sift through all that. Yeah. It's a, would would it be called a Fabian strategy? You know, I, I think that's what they're trying to do is just wear you out, never become decisively engaged and, and hope you'll, you'll tire out and go away. But we, You know, we don't, we don't take shots at the Missouri Attorney General's office that we don't intend to hit.


You know, we wanna put lead on target. And so if we commit to something, we're gonna follow through. And relentless execution is part of that process. So if you're successful on this Google, in the Google thing, does that, will that only affect Missouri or will that be nationwide? I think it sets up a, a ripple in the pond effect a presidential effect for, for others. And again, You know what you see, you, you can, it's a domino effect. It's pulling a, the thread of a, a, a, You know, a fabric. You start to unravel it, you start to take it apart. And it's for the benefit of the people of the state of Missouri is why I do my job.


But it has a net benefit to people across the United States of America. I like to tell folks in other states that, You know, hey, I may not be your attorney general, but I can still represent you. So do you have other states jumping in with you on the Google thing? We don't on that particular one. And again, it's not necessarily out of a lack of desire or motivation on behalf of my colleagues. They've got their own cases and investigations going on. It's just that the, the authority that I wield in the consumer protection space is really just unique to the state of Missouri. Okay. But we've partnered on so many different lawsuits with my colleagues, and typically over the past two years, those have really been targeted at the Biden Harris administration, their US oration of power, their attack on the United States Constitution.


They're undermining of the rule of law. And so in Missouri, we had i north of 50 different lawsuits against the Biden Harris administration. And so many of those were in partnership with my colleagues across the country. You mentioned the Hunter Biden laptop. What, what was on that laptop that really caught your attention? I mean, what President Trump described as the laptop from hell, You know, and I don't know that I can pinpoint a, a single data point that's like, okay, well that's the smoking gun. I think you have to take the whole thing. But the point is not, I mean, the, the point is that the FBI was in possession of that laptop and, and knew the deep state of the FBI had the laptop and knew of its authenticity, knew it was real.


And yet they had run table drills with big tech social me, media oligarchs with increased frequency in the days and weeks leading up to that story breaking during the fall of 2020 in the middle of the election cycle in 2020. And they had conditioned and trained big tech to be prepared for what they said would be a Russian disinformation story related to Joe Biden's son. And on the eve of that story breaking, there was a communication between agents of the Deep state and the FBI and big tech, And it was instantly suppressed. What do you mean agents of the deep state? There were people that were working at the FBI and may still work there. Their days are probably numbered that did not want President Trump in office.


They saw him as a threat to their power and their control. They think they're smarter than the elect than than the, the electorate, than the, the people who voted for President Trump. And they wanted to do everything they could to keep him from wielding power, the authority that we the people had given him under our constitutional structure. Are you in contact with Cash Patel? I I know Cash. Yeah. He's great. And we've been in contact in the past. I haven't talked to him in a while. I know he's going through his confirmation hearing today and I'm excited he's gonna be a great FBI director. He's got so much experience in that space and in that, that organization and man, he, he knows how to get the job done.


Yeah. I'm really looking forward to him getting in there. I mean, do you think there's gonna be any, I mean by the time this comes out, we'll know, I think, but do you think they'll have run into any snags? I don't think so. I mean, I, I don't, he's a pretty clean past Yeah. You know, he's, he's someone who's a proven patriot. Someone who's a proven effectiveness on national security issues, on legal issues and, and from a law enforcement perspective. And so I think the Senate would be well served to get him confirmed and get him on the job. And there's, there's gonna be a lot of work to do, but I know he's up to the task. Yeah. You know, also, speaking of the Bidens, what did you think about all the pardons, You know, was, was it the day before he pardoned Millie pardoned shit, who else did he Pardon?


He pardoned Millie. Pardon? Fci his family. Yeah. Pardoned his family hours before Pardon the J six committee. Well, here here's my question, Sean Cheney, how can he, how can those pardons be legally valid? See, that's what I wanna know. I thought, I thought so. I thought when you pardon somebody, it had to be for a very specific crime. Well, this is, so, it is, I will say this, and the difference between the United States Constitution and the, the clemency authority given to the president of the United States and the clemency authority codified in the Missouri State Constitution given to our governor. And it changed in, I think 1875 in the state of Missouri, our, the, our governor used to have pardon power for state offenses that was parallel to the United States President's power under the federal Constitution.


And that that changed after the Civil War. And in Missouri, the constitution was omitted to limit the governor's clemency authority to only after a conviction, president of the United States has the ability, the authority, constitutional authority to pardon, before an a a before a charge is even filed, before a criminal charge is even filed, or a prosecution is commenced, which is unique. But there is an overbred issue. Like if you go so, so broad, it's so vague, like it becomes this like ultimate get outta jail free card. So I think that's a problem, but I think there's a deeper problem. Think about when the two-tiered justice system that Cash Patel spoke of sitting in this very chair on your show and how he saw how President Trump and President Biden were treated differently in instances where they were accused of having secret documents.


Now I agree with Cash Patel's, hopefully he'll be Director Patel, that President Trump had the authority to have the documents. This was the most bogus, You know, witch hunt of them all. And thank goodness Jack Smith was struck down in court and is no longer employed by DOJ. But think about what happened with Joe Biden. So President Trump, they raided Mar-a-Lago, they put the evidence out to make it look more inculpatory, take pictures of it, rake him over the coals. And with Joe Biden, they say, look, he's an old man, he's too in feeble. He can't, he doesn't have the mental acuity to form the mens rea the mental state to commit an intentional act or an intentional criminal act.


That's what Biden's own DOJ said about him. Well, if that's true, how could he, he sign a legal document? How could he sign a pardon paper? How could he sign a clemency document? I think a lot of people are wondering that, yeah, if I sign a, if I'm out of my mind and sign a testamentary instrument, a will that will can be challenged in court. It's not valid because I didn't know what I was doing when I signed it. Well, his own attorneys at Biden's own attorneys at DOJ said he wasn't, didn't have the mental faculty to commit a crime. So how could he possibly have the mental faculty to excuse other people from criminal behavior? Now, I mean, I don't know any of this stuff, but I've heard grumblings, I've heard rumors that, You know, just because that, that the, that they were pardoned by the federal government the states could still go after.


Is there any truth to that? That's absolutely true. Yeah. The, the president's clemency authority extends to federal offenses, but the state is its own sovereign, and those individuals could still be guilty of state offenses. Do you think anybody will go after them? Yeah, I hope so. What states would, what states would have that power? You know, it's, it states any state where an element of an offense was committed within that state. So Virginia, Virginia certainly is one, You know, and you gotta look at everywhere. The, the Biden crime family conducted business, You know, was there a a, a fraudulent transaction? And, and again, look, I mean, at the end of the day it's about reciprocity, it's about equal protection under the law, but it's also about the rule of law and doing it the right way.


Unlike the left who abuses the system to obtain specious convictions, convictions that are not legally valid by abusing the law and perverting law and moving the law beyond its plain text and original understanding. We on the right believe that the rules should be consistent and fair and predictable. I mean, what a lot of people wanna see these people burn for what they've done. Yeah. Especially fauci. Yeah. You know, and so, I mean, what, man, I don't even know what I'm trying to ask here, but I mean, what would you like to see happen? Could they still investigate?


Would it be worth the time for the federal government to investigate fauci the J six committee? Millie, I'm not even sure what that's for. Yeah, the Biden family, which I just interviewed Colleen jcu, he is one of the, one of the candidates in Romania. They got censored for Russian influence, You know, again, Russian influence. Maybe, maybe not. I'm sure they're meddling in the, in the, in that election. I mean, yeah. You know, we we're, we're building, we aren't NATO's building the biggest base ever in Romania. He doesn't want it. I'm sure Russia doesn't want it. So I mean, I could definitely see that.


But then it comes out today, oh, Biden was taking money from Romania. Yeah. I mean, what, so I guess what I'm getting at is scared. You can't really, it, it doesn't sound like the federal government can really go after, You know, these guys, but can they still expose what they've done? Is there, is there any, is there a reason to do that? I mean, I think everybody would like to know. I mean, could you still conduct the investigation and, and, and present it to the people and be like, absolutely, look, this is what happened. Well, because criminal liability isn't the only liability these people face. I mean, that should absolutely still be on the table, certainly from the state level.


But there's professional licensure involved. There's civil liability. You know, like I think about my lawsuit against China again, like this is a first of its kind where we've sued China for inflicting the Covid pandemic on the United States of America and then hoarding PPE and depriving Americans and the government of the state of Missouri from being able to access the PPE that we need to respond to the pandemic they caused. What role did Anthony Fauci play in that we now know based on recently declassified documents that the Ccia, A CIA even believes that the COVID-19 came from a lab in China, not, You know, randomly jumping from animal life to human life at a, some, You know, some marketplace.


And Wuhan, well, wasn't fauci helping suppress some of that information? And was he, what was his involvement in that, that research and in that lab in China? And so is there civil liability there? And again, I think a, people still demand justice for the wrongs that were perpetrated against American, the American people, not only by the Chinese government, but but by the deep state like Anthony Fauci. And so, You know, I think making that transparent through an investigation and airing that it, it's not a bad thing. It's o it can only be a good thing and there might be additional liability points beyond the criminal code.


I mean, so in a picture perfect world, you would like to see the federal government conduct the investigations through all the people that were pardoned and have that information revealed to the American public. I think we have a right to know. And I think that I, again, first of all, I have grave concerns about the legal validity of any legal document that Joe Biden signed after he was determined by his own Department of Justice to be, to lack the mental acuity for an intentional act. So yeah, I think we need to understand what happened there, what went wrong, and are there systems in place to redress grievances that are still available to us.


What would you do if you were the ag Well, lemme say this, You know, Pam Bondy, who is President Trump's nominee, who may very well be confirmed at this point, is gonna be a fantastic United States Attorney General. I mean, I, I, I got to meet her and just think the world of her, she was the Attorney General of the state of Florida previously. So she's seen it from the state level. She's an incredibly gifted and talented attorney. She's a great manager and motivator of people. And she's gonna have a large organization that she's gonna have to not only clean house, eliminate the deep state, but reorganize and reprioritize missions to, to maximize the, the role that the DOJ is supposed to play.


And so there's gonna be a lot on her plate. She is up to the task and will get it done. And You know, I think that I'm asking if you though Yeah, yeah. If you were in there. Yeah. Not Pam Bondi, if you were in there, I just, I'm just curious about how you think and what your strategy would be. I think you gotta find resources to address these issues and to, again, to investigate these matters and to, to lay the information in front of the American people to do otherwise is, is a form of censorship of information. And look, censorship is the lazy tool of a weak mind. It and it's counterproductive. People don't trust their government if they don't think they're being told the truth. Yeah. And I think we look back at Covid and what happened and, and Dr.


Anthony Fauci and we feel like we were deceived and lied to. Would that be a top priority of yours? Absolutely. What would some other top priorities be? So I think there are three strategic objectives that have to be secured now. I think the top priority has got to be the border. If we don't have a border, we don't have a country. And the Biden Harris administration not only allowed illegals to cross by refusing to enforce the immigration code, but they actually perverted the immigration code to find legal loopholes to allow people in under the parole process that we've had to file suit against to, to put a stop to. And the parole pro in the immigration code, there's a provision that allows the government to allow people into this country for limited time, limited purpose on an individual basis.


Well, Biden Harris said, no, no, we're gonna use that to allow in x number of Haitians X number of Guatemalans, X number of y number of Hondurans. They created a Visa program that was never authorized by Congress. That's a perversion of the law and abuse of the law. It undermines the rule of law And it hung an open sign. It not only allowed in people who had no legal right to be here, but it hung an open sign that created the, the poorest border problem that's making Missouri communities and communities across the United States of America less safe. So we've gotta secure the border, we've gotta deport criminals who have violated the laws of the United States of America. That's gotta be strategic objective number one, strategic objective number two is the right to free speech.


And again, it's dismantling the vast censorship enterprise in the government. That was instant started, but the deep state was then energized by President Joe Biden. President Trump's already begun doing that with his executive order on day one. But we've gotta have a free fare and open ma marketplace of ideas. We've gotta end corporate censorship as well. And then really the third strategic objective in my mind is ending the weaponization of government and we saw that abused And it was counterproductive to the left. And I think that's why President Trump delivered this historic landslide election. And thank goodness the American people saw through that. But we've gotta end the weaponization of government. So I think as attorney generally, those have to be the three strategic objectives to be secured if we're gonna save the country.


Do you think that's, those are her top priorities? I, I'm, I'm sure they are. Now, she may articulate them differently, but You know that that's the formula for the Make America Great again movement that President Trump has started and is continuing on today. What about, what about stuff with big pharma? Yeah. I mean, were, we lied to there too. I think there's, there's questions that need to be answered. Are we still being lied to about the efficacy of vaccines? You know, specifically the, the covid vaccine that seems to not be a vaccine at all. And so what was, what incentives were in place that caused that to happen?


And were there, it's all about holding wrong doors accountable and putting systems in place to ensure that it doesn't happen again. I mean, there's a lot of talk about, there's a lot of talk about, You know, pulling not, not, not enabling or, or taking away the right for Pfizer, Johnson and Johnson Moderna to advertise on media channels. And so, I mean, I'm kind of curious about your thoughts to that. I don't think it really does anything. I don't either, like, just, it, it's a weird marketplace because just because I see an ad for a vaccine on television doesn't mean I can then go personally buy that there's an intermediary in the form of a medical professional that has to administer, prescribe, and then administer that.


I, I think what I think we're, I think where I'm going with this is, is, You know, because those are some top advertisers. I mean, I just watched, I never watched Legacy Media. Yeah. Ever. I get all my news from interviewing healthier folks like you. Yeah. And, but me and my wife were in a hotel a couple weeks ago. I did decide. I was like, oh, let's flip it on. Let's just see what they talk about. It turned on Fox News. It was like three out of five ads. We pharmaceuticals, You know. And so what I'm kinda getting at is because, because those are obviously their top advertisers, then they control the narrative. And it's, if you don't talk about this, then we don't advertise with you.


Now, if we make it illegal for them to advertise on legacy media channels, they also have, God knows how many lobbyists Isn't a big Pharma has the second biggest, is it the second biggest? I think big oil is number one wouldn't surprise me. Number one. Yeah. It wouldn't surprise me. It's one of the top three. Would you say that? And so wouldn't they just use their lobbyists to funnel money to the legacy media some other way, some other how And to, to continue to influence Yeah. Media channels to, Hey, don't talk about this, talk about this. You know, there's, there's business always finds a way around the law.


Yeah, it seems like, and so, I mean, how do you, how do you do it? So I think it, you, and you've done so much work exposing how taxpayer dollars in the public coffers go to things we don't want them to go to. And it shouldn't be happening. And you've exposed that and some of your shows. How much of that's happening with the medical industry and with big pharma now? You know, I think those are questions we need to answer. I think that if you actually Yeah, I, I think that Dwight Eisenhower's farewell address is one of the most prophetic and intriguing speeches ever given in American politics, military, industrial complex.


Everybody remembers it for the military industrial complex. But there was another part of that speech where President Eisenhower said, he expressed concerns about the influence in the relationship and the marriage between federal dollars, big federal dollars and medicine and science, and how you would create this elitist culture that would substitute their judgment for hours and would not have dissenting voices to test the veracity of what they're saying. Oh my gosh. He said that in 1960. Is that right? Something like that. Yeah. I mean, that, that's a close, right? Didn't we see that on full display in 2020? Yeah. And in 2021 and in 2022.


And is that going on now? And so, like, let's break up that relationship. Let's, let's break that up and let's have a competitive open marketplace where consumers make their own decisions rather than, than being spoon fed based on this elitist culture and group. Think. How do you do that though? Yeah. I, I, I, again, I think you gotta follow the money. Like what is funding these entities now? Are there federal dollars going to that? Can we cut those off? You know, these are decisions that really have to be made in Congress through the, the budget process. But that's, that's where I would start. I mean, could the company just, I mean, I mean, and I'm just spit balling here. I don't really know how it works, but, You know, we talk about the lobbyists, we talk about the advertising.


They control that space. Hey, don't talk about this. You know, what about, I mean the, what, what if, what if a company just held a lot of CNN stock? Yeah. You know, I mean then, hey, we're gonna relinquish all this stock if you continue this narrative. I mean, I, I just don't, there's so many ways that they could get in there. They're probably doing all of this already. It's not, probably not just advertising. And so I, You know, I I, in my opinion, I think the only way to actually do it is to, and I don't know how you, it would, it just talked about this with, with Dr. Paul Saladino.


You know, I, I mean, it, it seems to be like the only way to do that would be some type of an education program and educate the people. But I still don't know y You know what I mean? Yeah. Where it's like, hey, you're seeing all these advertisements. We all know legacy media is bullshit. They're all moving towards podcast form. It's ridiculous. Yeah. It's like, oh, well, shit, we fucked ourselves up here. Let's just copy what the podcasters are doing. Yeah. But I think it's already done. But at the same, at the same token, I think there needs to be some type of a, a reeducation. I hate saying that term. 'cause it sounds horrible. Well, counter speech, maybe that's another term, is the, the best remedy for Disfavored speech is counter speech.


So how do, like, can we, yeah. I mean, offer an argument in contradiction to what we're being spoonfed, You know, from a legal perspective. And this is something I'm excited about. You know, I think Vice President Vance has been a big proponent of, again, using antitrust law to break up these unprecedented and dangerous consolidations of power that are manipulating the marketplace and ultimately harming consumers and the American people. And I think that's another foun of legal authority. I, I, You know, I would think that this administration would, would reinvigorate the DOJs antitrust section of the OJ to start looking for targets.


They, that was, You know, done under President Teddy Roosevelt to great effect after those, the Sherman Antitrust Act was initially passed into law to, to break up some of the large, large trusts and corporations. And I think it's time to, to reinvigorate that body of law. I mean, do you think big pharma plays a role in, in, in, is, are they the reason that natural medicines like psychedelics aren't hitting the market? Because it, it wipes out opiate prediction. It helps wipe out benzos. You know, like I said, I I did, it totally cleaned me out. Yeah. And, and, and I mean, how do you, I mean, you can grow that, a lot of this, you can grow this stuff in your house if you want to.


It's not, You know what I mean? It's, it's not out of the realm, which would be a huge cut in their income if that's happening. The legal question. And it stands to reason that it is, You know, the, the legal question becomes, have they formed a combination in restraint of trade? Are they buying up outlets that might have been competitive or silencing buying up outlets that would offer a competitive counterpoint counter speech? And if that's happening, you got an antitrust suit and you're off to the races. Well, the food industry's doing it. I mean, we see it and every time somebody comes out and with a, with a new, with a, with a natural deodorant or a natural toothpaste or a, or a food that doesn't have any additives in it, you see Coca-Cola goes and buys it.


You know, Purina goes and buy it, whoever, You know, they go and they buy the company and use the same marketing. And it, it, it, it tricks people into thinking that that particular product is still healthy for the consumer, when in reality it's the opposite. They put in the additive. So it has a longer shelf life and we're right back to square one trying to find the next thing. And so, is it, is that what you're talking about with pharmaceuticals? Yeah. Yeah. Look, if, if corporations there, there are anti-competitive practices that are defined in the case law interpreting the Sherman Antitrust Act, and that violate both federal and state law and are the target of antitrust lawsuits.


And if that's going on, then that's, that's a, a great vehicle to fix. The problem. It counter speech, I think I agree with you, is, is one great option. Consumer awareness certainly. But antitrust litigation is another option. Okay. Let's move back into your, your lawsuit against China. You had mentioned that they were hoarding PPE equipment. Yeah, I mean, I thought it was ridiculous that we have a virus that came from China. Everybody's wearing a mask. This is made in, in China. Made China, yeah. You know, I mean, what, what other PPE were they, were they hoarding respirators and all of it?


Yeah. It's not just masks. It. PPE as You know, is, is so many different products that they, they were producing and holding. But isn't that the play of the, of a communist government to like, create a problem and then manipulate the marketplace that has the solution to the problem. And that's what you saw. And that was the evidence we put on. And look, the, the, again, that recently declassified CIA document pointing to the lab leak is the most likely source of the pandemic, just increases the Chinese communist government's culpability. And it further emphasizes Missouri's need to execute that $25 billion judgment we intend to obtain. When do you think you'll be awarded that?


So the, the trial court has asked for some additional briefing that we're gonna try to complete in the next week, week to two weeks. And then I would anticipate within the next 30 days, we'll get a judgment and, And it, and again, a judgment's a piece of paper, you gotta go execute the judgment. Luckily the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act provides a, a method, a procedure by which you can execute that judgment. So what, you may have just answered this, I'm not sure, but let's say you are awarded and, and you win the case. What court is that in? Is that in a federal court? Yeah. Is that in a state court? Yep. Or is that in some type of an international court? We're in federal court. It's the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.


It's a, that was the best venue because it's a, a claim under a federal statute against a, a foreign sovereign. And again, this isn't some crackpot legal theory, it's the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. A statute that was passed in 1976 signed into law by the time President Gerald Ford. And so there, there's a, the, the people's elected representatives in Congress contemplated that states might have lawsuits against foreign entities and I, and created a, a process. One of the examples, there was a, an instance in the Falklands War where an Argentine missile struck a commercial merchant vessel and sank it.


And so the corporation then sued Argentina for the destruction of their property. And the, the court identified like, look, that claim fits under the foreign sovereign IM act. That's one example. The Missouri's the first, that state that I know of to really raise a claim that infliction of a pandemic and then hoarding a PPE is a claim that fits under that statute. So it's kind of, it's in that respect. It's a novel legal argument, but it's been, again, tested all the way up to the eighth Circuit court of appeals. And I think, and, and again, I think it'll be successful. So do you, do you honestly, do you think if you win this case, do you think China's gonna pay 25 billion? Not at all. And I, my proof is that they haven't participated in a lawsuit at all.


I mean, they were granted due process under our laws. They, they do business in the United States of America. They know, they have to be aware that this statute is on the books. That there's the, they have some liability under the federal, the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. They were served with process when we initiated the lawsuit. They're aware of it, but that's how little they think of these United States of America. They couldn't even be bothered to show up to court with $25 billion hanging in the balance. And doesn't that also point to their culpability? If you had a defense, you had an opportunity to show up and put it on and you didn't do it. So what happens then?


Who holds them accountable? How do you get 'em to pay? We find assets, we find Chinese assets, property. You didn't mention that. And then, yeah, and then we take that judgment and we say, Hey, federal government sees that property, sell it and we'll take the check and we'll credit it towards that $25 billion judgment. Does China have a lot of hold a lot of assets in Missouri? There are some, and again, we're still in the process of identifying assets, but they don't only have to be in Missouri. We're, we can work with any willing partner across the United States of America to seize assets. What kind of assets, real property are the best assets, because they're easily lfi, but You know, any kind of asset.


Okay. So how do you, how do you find out if the, if the state owns, if the Chinese state owns, you gotta, yeah, you gotta search the, the registration on those to determine who owns 'em. You know, and, and every state registers property interests differently, You know, secretary of State's office for business entities, You know, recorder of deeds for real property. I mean, I would imagine that shell company after shell company after shell company after shell company. And so how do you sift through all that? Yeah, it's gonna take time and it's gonna take a dedicated team of professionals. But again, You know, we didn't start what would be an indicator. Yeah, there's a lot of open source information.


And so again, you just start pulling on that thread. Okay. Okay. Let's move into IBM. Yeah. What do you got going on with them? So we filed a lawsuit under the Missouri Human Rights Act against IBM's DEI program. And so there was this instance in which the president of IBM was vid on video, You know, threatening his subordinates, threatening his team of executives that if they didn't promote people of certain racial classifications over others, that they would not be eligible for their bonuses. This isn't some mid-level, mid-tier office bureaucrat promoting DEI, this is the president of the company on tape, that's just corporate racism.


And it's never been legal And it was never a good idea. But in Missouri, under state statute, the Missouri Human Rights Act, the Attorney General's office is given enforcement authority to prevent those kinds of racist policies from permeating the workplace. And so we filed suit in state court and are moving that suit forward. IBM has filed a motion to dismiss, and I think we're in court in the coming days on that. So we'll see where we go. But look, there are other remedies available, and at the end of the day, we're gonna use every tool in our arsenal to harpoon the, the, You know, the corporate DEI whale. 'cause it, we, I, I'm not sure where we got off track, but it should have never ended up like this.


You know, racism has always been wrong. America and certainly Missouri are merit autocracies. People should obtain positions and, and matriculate through organizations based on their merit and how good they're at their jobs, not based on their skin color. Is IBM headquartered in Missouri? They're not. But they have offices in Missouri. And so my lawsuit, You know, can only fix the problems for IBM's employees in Missouri. But our hope would be, it would be an impetus to dismantle the DEI programs across the corporate spectrum. Do you, so with the IBM case, again, I'm, I'm just curious how many other people are jumping on board with you?


And so do you do the research to figure out where, where all IBM's doing this, what states are involved, contact their attorney general to see if they wanna jump on board with this? Yeah, there's a, there's a team of attorneys that are in kind of, it's a network of communication across the states. There are organizations that oftentimes will help facilitate that communication. You know, I'm not sure if other states have taken action against corporate DEI, I know other states have joined us and we've joined other states in going after public DEI programs at the state, federal, or local level in government. But this suit, You know, is, is unique.


But again, Missouri's unique. Not every state has given their attorney general enforcement authority under their civil rights laws, but Missouri has. And so when I say again that, You know, that we were recently a blue state where the Attorney general was au empowered and given authority to do things, and now we're a red state. And that it's, that that's one of the weapons that's been left behind on the battlefield that we're using to, to fight for, fight for Missouri workers. I mean, think about this, these, these employees at IBM and Missouri have been subject to this. And how many of them missed out on opportunities because maybe they were the wrong skin color. And it's not just black and white. I mean, that's the other thing. Like it's people of Asian descent as well who are harmed by these, some of these DEI policies.


And so we, we've gotta get outta that world. And I'm, I'm proud of the work we've done in this lawsuit using the authority we have to, to fight back. Let's talk about, real quick, this just popped in my head. All the executive orders that Trump just signed and, and with the stroke of the pen just basically eliminated all of Biden's executive orders. Where I'm kind of going with this is, and, and I've talked about this with, with my friend, my attorney, Tim Ator several times, talked to Eric Prince about this. I mean, it seems to be that the pendulum's just going farther and farther and farther. And so, yeah, while it's, I think a lot of these executive orders are great that, that, that Trump put in, You know, he eliminated everything Biden did, Biden, I'm pretty sure, if I remember right, he eliminated all the executive orders that Trump put into place and so great for four years.


Yeah. All these executive orders. Next guy comes in, he's on the other side. He just immediately with the stroke of a pen eliminates all of those executive orders. I mean, what in, in your mind, well, I guess there's a couple questions. One, is there anything, anything else that could be done other than these executive orders? Two, what's more important? Is it state community law? Is it, is it local, state and then federal? Or is it, should we concentrated on, should we be concentrated on federal law? I think President Trump has exactly the right answer to all of this.


Okay. First and foremost, he is, I believe, based on what I'm seeing and hearing from him and his team interested in closing the door behind them, that they are building something to last. They're gonna make America great again and put the structure in place to keep it great against domestic enemies in the future. And there's a lot, lot to unpack there. But one of the things he's doing is reasserting the role that states play, which is the proper constitutional answer to the question. Our founding fathers experience with a tyrannical monarchy of England taught them that we should have a centralized authority of limited power diffused over three coequal branches of government with checks and balances.


That's the separation of powers doctrine, You know, that's implicit and textually based in our United States constitution. And then that states have residual power and states need to be laboratories for the democratic process and the guarantors of individual liberties. So, and under the Biden administration, Biden and Harris really exponentially grew the administrative state, the bureaucratic agencies, the, the alphabet soup of bureaucratic agencies, E-P-A-D-O-E, department of Labor, a TF, they grew these agencies and those, they, those agencies, the statutes that create those agencies, give them rulemaking authority to promulgate and put into place administrative rules.


And those agencies did that to great effect. And it, it hurt Missourians And it hurt the people of the United States of America. And it did damage to our constitutional structure, the founding fathers rolling over their graves. And the idea that some fourth branch of government not contemplated in our constitution and unaccountable to the electorate can pass rules. Lemme give you an example of where that hurt Missourians, for instance. And let me talk about agriculture. So in Missouri, a friend of mine, he farms and he's got a field row crops and it's near a, a, it's on the bank of a creek. So the creek kind of creates the boundary for one of his fields. And every year that that field erodes into that creek bed And it just keeps eroding, eroding.


Well, his ability to provide for his family and make a profit is diminished with the erosion of that field. 'cause there's less tillable land. So what did he do? He crawls into the creek bed, he picks up rocks from the creek bed. He didn't import rock from elsewhere. He used the very rocks that are in the creek bed to put them to shore up the bank of that creek to try to prevent further erosion. And the Biden Harris, EA and Army Corps of Engineers comes in and says, whoa, you just violated the Clean Water Act, though under the waters of the United States rule. You owe a penalty and you gotta go in there and, and take all those rocks out and put 'em back. And if you don't, we're gonna sue you and potentially imprison you.


Wow, this is insanity. This is absolute insanity. This is government run amuck. And the the little guy, his rights are trampled on. And if he's gonna fix that problem, he's now gotta pay for an attorney and fight it in court. And he may not win. To make all of that worse. Before last summer, from 1985 until the summer of 2024, there was the Chevron decision in place. And the Chevron decision, again, this was a, the brainchild of, I believe Chief Justice William Rehnquist in the eighties, who was looking for some kind of consistent way in which federal courts could deal with challenges to these administrative agencies and the rules they were making. And so he came up with this idea that, look, federal courts will just defer to an agency's reasonable interpretation of their own statutes.


Well, that was an abdication of the Article three authority provided to the federal judiciary in our constitution. The courts were saying, we're not gonna do our jobs, we're just let these bureaucrats do whatever they want. And again, you take my, my friend the farmer and that this is how it's hurting real people. And last summer, the court overturned the Chevron decision and said, we, the courts are no longer gonna give the, the jump ball to the, the federal bureaucrats. So a couple of things have happened. Number one, that's a major sea change in the law that now justifies the President, president Trump and his administration taking a hacksaw to that apparatus of the bureaucracy.


Get rid of it, get rid of the rules, get rid of the people, enforcing the rules, we don't need them. And they're no longer to have deference in the United States Supreme Court and return that authority to the people and the states. Interesting, interesting. Let's talk about the Second Amendment. What do you have going on in Missouri with the Second Amendment? Man, we are energized to protect our right to keep and bear arms. And it's not only in Missouri, the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution, but it's Article one section 23 of the Missouri Constitution, which explicitly protects not only the right to keep and bear firearms, but ammunition and accessories as well.


And it preempts local control. So municipalities can't pass burdensome regulations and ordinances to restrict the rights in the Constitution. It also says that anything the state does that could be construed as a limitation on these rights is subject to strict scrutiny, which is the highest level of scrutiny under constitutional analysis. And it creates a legal obligation of the state to protect the right to keep and bear arms, which then gives me standing to go into court and sue when a municipality passes an ordinance that restricts gun owners' rights. So we're full steam ahead on that, and we will go after any locality that violates our state constitution.


But we've also got what's called the Second Amendment Preservation Act that the people's elected representatives and our general assembly passed and our governor signed into law. And it's really as much a codification of the 10th Amendment anti Commandeering doctrine as it is about the Second Amendment. And what it says is that we are not gonna let the federal government coerce, cajole and co-opt state and local law enforcement officials to do unconstitutional gun restrictions. Soon as the governor signed that into law, Biden's Department of Justice sued the state of Missouri. So I've been defending that law. And just last week we asked the United States Supreme Court to review that case.


So we have a on file at the United States Supreme Court, a petition for writ of ary, asking the court to deprive the Biden Harris Department of Justice of standing to, to move that lawsuit forward and allow the people of the state of Missouri to speak through their elected representatives to set that policy position in state statute. Now, how is the federal government able to sue you for state law? Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's the whole point we made. They even have to entertain that case. I mean, that's the whole point we made in court is that they don't have standing the law limits state officials, not federal officials. So how are they harmed? They may not like what the law says or the policy position, but that's not a constitutional basis to overturn or to, to strike down our law.


And the question before the courts is, do states still matter? You know, the 10th Amendment, people always forget about that one. But the 10th Amendment says that any authority not given to the federal government or denied to the States, is enjoyed by the states and the people of the states. That's the, that's the constitutional basis of the Second Amendment Preservation Act in Missouri State Statute. And again, it doesn't limit federal officials. So how can they prove standing? How can they prove they're, wow. Is Missouri an open carry state? Absolutely. Yeah. Is that new? That's been around for a little bit. I mean, hey look, we love our guns in Missouri. I mean that, that's part of who we are as as people.


And yeah, I look at the Second Amendment And it says, the right to keep in bear arms shall not, the rights shall not be infringed. I start with the, the last words shall not be infringed. What do you think of the a TF? Get rid of it. You think just get rid of the atf, get rid of it. Should people have fully auto weapons? I do not believe that gun restrictions are legal under our constitution. Lemme explain why. The, and again, I go back to those principles I learned as a kid, the rights in the Constitution come from God, not man. The Constitution exists to protect us from the government, and the government is supposed to exist to protect our rights.


And yet here we are as taxpayers funding the A TF who has a consistent and documented pattern of violating our rights. Wow. Suppressors Class three items full auto. I mean, do you, in a picture perfect world, the founding fathers own cannons, how does this look? Is there a background check? You know, I, what would you like to see? Yeah, I, You know, these are policy decisions that have to be weighed in deliberative legislative bodies, but I think you gotta look at the original understanding of the Second Amendment, and then you refract it through the prism of the passage and adoption of the 14th Amendment.


And I'm sorry I get nerdy law technical, but, but this is important. The, the Bill of Rights and originally only restricted the federal government. And it wasn't until after the Civil War that the 14th Amendment was passed that then the rights and the Bill of Rights were also, those restrictions were also applied against the states. So what did the Second Amendment mean at the time of founding? And then what did it mean to the drafters and ratifiers of the 14th Amendment? And that's the interpretive methodology. That's how the United States Supreme Court has read the Second Amendment, which is great for freedom loving Amer and gun owning Americans, because there has to be what's called a historical antecedent to the right being claimed today.


You look at what is the right claim today, is it similar to or dissimilar from the rights that the founders would've understood at the time that they wrote the Second Amendment? To me, that's where that debate should be taking place. Is this abolishing the A TF? Is that on the table? I don't know. You know, I'm, I'm not sure that that's something that's being weighed or considered. That's my personal policy preference. And again, I have no interest in funding government agencies that are only intended to deprive us of our constitutional rights. Would that fall under the ag? The A TF is a sub component of the Department of Justice, so it does, yeah. I hope they abolish it. I totally agree. Get rid of it. Get rid of it.


All right. Let's, I wanna move into, we had a good conversation at breakfast about George Soros and all of his funding, all of his funding for das. How is that, I mean, this is a huge topic in every state. Everybody knows it's happening. I don't know how he's funding everybody or, or, but, but what, what's his goal? What's, what's going on here? I know you have fought against this and it fired several das, the das, the prosecutor in the city of St. Louis, who was unlawfully refusing to do her job and was destroying the criminal justice system in the state of Missouri.


And did unmitigated and immeasurable harm to the city of St. Louis, Eastern Missouri and the, the state region as a whole. I think that when Soros pays to elect prosecutors who abuse prosecutorial discretion, it is an illegal nullification of the law. In other words, since the time of the founding, prosecutors are provided discretion to determine based on evidence what charges should be filed, whether a charge should be filed, what charge should be filed, and ultimately what the disposition in the case should be. So I, you get a police report, you read the police report, you decide what statute, what law was broken, and then you decide, okay, is this a prison thing or is this like a probation and treatment thing?


Or is this somewhere in between? And those are the decisions that sound exercising a prosecutorial discretion. But what the sor Soros and his organization, what they're promoting is an abuse of prosecutorial discretions. So instead of making individualized decisions based on evidence and police reports, those sorl SPAC prosecutors are saying, we're not gonna enforce wide swaths of the criminal code, of criminal law. For instance, I'm not gonna prosecute people for offenses, property offenses where there's not a human victim that was physically harmed. Well, now hold on a minute. You can break into my house and steal all my stuff, but if you don't hurt me in the process, you're not gonna charge that offense.


And let's see how that played out in the city of St. Louis. This woman was in office from 2016 until 2023. Geez. She had a 96% non-prosecution rate, 96% of reported crimes. So at some point people stopped calling the cops because they know nothing's gonna happen. And at some point the cops stopped, stopped authoring police reports and send 'em to the prosecutor if they're not gonna get prosecuted. So I think that 96% non-prosecution rate probably underestimates how little she was actually doing. Of the 4% of cases she was actually charging and getting into court, 35% of those were then subsequently dismissed by the court.


'cause she couldn't be bothered to show up to trial. Can you talk about, I mean, I used to live in St. Louis. We talked about this and you, and, and I mean, I went there a couple years ago to, to meet with our mutual friend Andy Ella. I, I couldn't believe what I saw. I mean, it, it was, it was like a com a totally different city. Yeah. Every, every part of it downtown, the outskirts, all of it. It just, it's gone downhill. It's really sad. It's really gone downhill. And you gave an explanation of how crime, because of, because of the Soros funded attorney. It kind of started in St.


Louis proper, moved out to the counties, moved out to the ex Yeah. To to, to the outer counties. And can you talk about that a little bit? Yeah, I mean, I like how that affected that city. Yeah. Because this, it's not just St. Louis. Yeah. This is happening all over the country. Yeah. And we're all worse off for it. And I feel terrible for our men and women in law enforcement who are putting their lives on the line every day to try to keep our streets safe and are not getting the support they need from the soro spac progressive prosecutors. But St. Louis is an interesting example because what we learned is that crime doesn't care about jurisdictional lines. It's a regional problem. Crime doesn't care that there's 114 counties plus the city of St.


Louis and Missouri crime doesn't care that there's 46 different judicial circuits in the state of Missouri. The homicidal murderers that had basically overtaken the city of St. Louis. 'cause the prosecutor wouldn't do anything about 'em. Then drove out the, the, the petty criminals to the county and to the, the collar counties. So we were seeing in Warren County Dopers, who were stealing wheels and tires off of cars and they were doing it in Warren County. 'cause they didn't wanna get shot doing it in St. Louis City. They didn't wanna live around the homicidal murders either. And when you drive away, all the people, when crime depopulate an area, there's less people to rob those robbers are gonna go somewhere else. Those, those thiefs are gonna go somewhere else.


So it's, it was absolutely a regional problem. And that one woman was completely, the source back prosecutor was completely undermining the criminal justice system for the entire state of Missouri. I took office on January 3rd, 2023. And on, in less than 45 days in office, I filed the lawsuit that ultimately got rid of her. The legal term, it's a ladin term is it's called the writ of quo. And it, it, it is a lawsuit intended to demonstrate that the person is unlawfully holding office. And my argument was, she's not doing her job. She's unlawfully refusing to do her job. And that alone is a basis for removal that had never been tested in the courts. So again, it was a first of its kind in the nation bold, transformative action.


But it worked. She filed a, the, the Soros back prosecutor filed a motion to dismiss my case saying, this claim is an action is not actionable, it's not cognizable under the quo statute. And the judge said, no, if the state can, if the attorney general can prove what he's saying, that you're not prosecuting cases, that you're not notifying victims, that you're not moving your cases along, that you're not filing new charges, those are enough to remove you. When he denied her motion to dismiss, that's now the infra mater of law on those claims. And it has a ripple in the pond effect because it gives us precedent to use the quato, if ever another source backed prosecutor were to appear in Missouri. Is that the only one? Are there more?


That's the only one we know of. And certainly that is the worst case example I've seen. I know that other states have similar examples, but typically they're in blue states that, that you see that different states have different mechanisms to remove a bad prosecutor. Like for instance, in Florida, I know Governor DeSantis has removed Soros bag prosecutors under his legal authority, under their state laws. But in Missouri it's the attorney general that has the authority to file the, the writ of quo. I mean, it sound like a, it sound, the way you describe it sounds like a blast radius of criminals. Yeah. And so, I mean, so it sounds like 'cause every state's different, they couldn't take your module and apply it to their specific state.


Well, I think what they could absolutely do is take our definition of what is and isn't prosecutorial discretion and use that as a basis to remove a sos back prosecutor who was refusing to do their job. I think they could absolutely take that and say, well, in Missouri too, lemme say this, in Missouri, victims have constitutional and statutory rights. And when a prosecutor is denying those victims of crime their rights, that is also an actionable way to remove a, a Soros back prosecutor. So again, the blueprint, it's not an exact technical diagram that they can replicate, but at least some concepts that could be used in other states, man that really devastated that city destroyed it.


I mean, it it, how do you, how do you think they'll, I mean, how long is it gonna take to get it back to, to what it was under her time in office? More than 500 businesses left downtown St. Louis. That's loss. And we, look, that's something we can measure. We'll never be able to measure how many conventions, how many trade shows, how many tourists didn't come to St. Louis and didn't spend their dollars there. How much economic development opportunity did we miss? We'll never know. And look, we can change things. We can start prosecuting criminals. We can start locking criminals up, getting 'em off the streets. We can show a decrease in criminal statistics and we can show data points.


But they don't matter if the businesses don't feel safe. I'm really excited that our governor, Mike Kehoe has made fighting crime his number one priority. And he just gave his state of the state address this week and really outlined a detailed plan to support law enforcement and, and, and shore up the criminal justice system start going after the bad guys. I mean, I think they'd have to incentivize the businesses to come back, You know, through tax and all these other things. You think that's on the table? I think so. Yeah. I think so. I think one of the things that's unique about Missouri too is that, You know, in Kansas City and St. Louis, it used to be that those police departments were run by a board of police commissioners that had to be from those places, but that were appointed by the governor and confirmed by the Senate.


And that's really a structural mechanism to take the politics out of policing. And that still exists in Kansas City. And when those police officers are sued in civil law, my office defends them. And so they get consistent indemnification, consistent civil defense, which then empowers them to go do their jobs. The legislature eliminated the board of police commissioners in St. Louis and returned control of the police department to the mayor. Not a good outcome. 'cause now politics are back in policing and it's not the men and women in uniform if that's not the problem. It's the, the politics at City Hall that have injected themselves. And I'm deeply concerned about a lack of consistent representation for the men and women in uniform who are putting their lives on the line every day in the, on the streets of the city of St.


Louis. They need consistent and competent legal representation in civil suits. And I wanna provide that one of the governor, our current governor, Mike Kehoe, his legislative priorities is to restore that board of police commissioners. And I think that's, that's a one piece of the puzzle. Wow. What, what, I mean, why Soros doing this? He hates America. I think he absolutely hates America. He hates what we stand for. He hates the rule of law and this is his way of destroying it from within. It's working. It's absolutely working. Are any other states doing anything like this to reverse it? Again, I, You know, you did mention Florida. Yeah, I think Florida is another example, but it's few and far between.


I'm not sure that there's been another attorney general that's removed a Soros back prosecutor. Man. Man, I don't know if we have 'em in Tennessee, but I hope, I hope they're listening to this. I really hope they're listening to this. But back to the second Amendment, kind of right to self protection, right? To self, self defense. I mean, what, what are the laws of Missouri when it comes to self defense? You know, in Missouri it's, and I'm, again, I apologize man, I nerd out on the law stuff, but it's really interesting to me. So in Missouri, if you are charged with a crime and claim self-defense, that is a what's called a special negative defense.


So in criminal law, there's two types of, the defendant never has to take the stand. The defendant doesn't have to say anything, doesn't have to take the stand. The state can't comment on the defendant's right? To remain silent. I can't, as a prosecutor, I can't get up and say, Hey, if he was innocent, he'd take the stand and tell you about it. And most attorneys during the jury selection process will ask prospective jurors, are you gonna hold it against them if you don't hear from 'em, to filter out folks that might be predisposed to require the defendant to violate their own right. To not take the stand and present evidence against themselves self-incriminating. But there are two defenses. One is an affirmative defense. And if the defendant wants to the defendant, basically it's a legal excuse.


Yeah, I did it. But there's this affirmative defense, there's this legal excuse. And if you use an affirmative defense, the defendant bears proof by preponderance of the evidence. So the lowest burden of proof to show that they're legally excused from criminal behavior because they had this affirmative defense. So like parental kidnapping, if you and your wife are divorced and she's got the kids and the custody agreement says she has the kids this weekend, but you go and get the kids because she's doing something unsafe with them, you may have be guilty of, of, You know, child kidnapping, parental kidnapping, but you have this affirmative defense that gives you an excuse and so you're acquitted. The difference with self-defense is this is a special negative, which is a stronger defense.


And if you as a defendant are accused of a crime and you whisper, you inject into the trial in any way, shape, or form a self-defense argument, the state then has to prove beyond a reasonable doubt. You didn't act in self-defense. How do you prove a, how do you prove a negative beyond a reasonable doubt? How do I prove you weren't afraid for your life if you shot somebody? So it's a really strong protection for people to defend themselves, their property and their families. What about like, do you have the right to defend somebody else's livelihood? Where I'm going with this is New York City, Daniel Penny, You know, that guy stood up for somebody killed him, they charged him with murder, right?


Yeah. So what, what is the, how would that have gone to Missouri? You, you have a right in Missouri to defend yourself or another. So if you reasonably believe that your life or the life of someone else is imperiled, you have the authority to act, you have the legal authority to act. Now listen, police may show up, police are gonna do an investigation. Prosecutor may or may not decide to file a charge, but just, You know, at the end of the day, you're protected by the statutes of the state of Missouri that create that special negative defense that if you believe you acted in self-defense, the state would to convict you, is gonna have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.


You, you didn't fear for your life or You know, that you didn't fear for the safety of some third party. What about property? You have a right to defend property as well. If you remember in St. Louis, during some of the riots, the BLM and Antifa nonsense that was going on in the summer of 2020. Are you talking about the guy in the pink shirt? Mark McCloskey friend of mine, mark. And he's a friend of yours? He's a friend of mine. Yeah. He, so Mark McCloskey is an attorney in St. Louis. And your audience will remember during Antifa and BLM Rioters broke into a gated neighborhood and were marching up the street shouting threats and trespassing. And in the middle of their, You know, 4th of July weekend or whatever it was, their lunch, he grabs an ERA 15 and stands on his property and didn't do it in an angrier threatening manner.


He merely did it to demonstrate that he was prepared to defend himself and his property. And that enraged not only the BLM and Antifa protestors, but the Sorel SPAC prosecutor who was in office, who then charged him with unlawful use of a weapon for exercising his constitutional rights. Now at the time I worked for our previous governor, Mike Parson, and You know, we saw that and we're like the, she's violating their rights. And so as soon as they were convicted, I drafted the, the clemency paperwork that the governor signed to exonerate the McCloskey because all they did was defend their property from angry rioters. So if they would've come on his property, could he have defended it?


Yeah, certainly he has the right to defend himself and his property if he believes his life is imperiled or his wife's life is imperiled or the, the lives of of a third party are imperiled. So your life has to be endangered. You, you have to reasonably believe that you're gonna be harmed. Now, the, to use lethal force, you can use other force, non-lethal force to protect your property. What if they entered his own different story? I mean, I think again, that fact, if somebody's in my house without my permission in an angry and threatening manner, I'm fearful that they're there to do me harm. And that is a fact that goes towards my decision and ultimately my self-defense.


Okay. Okay. Yeah, we're covering a lot of ground here. Is there anything else? What, what else you got going on? You know, we stay pretty busy. Sounds like it. Yeah, yeah. You know, we like to do the, the, the big stuff. Well, but I also like to do the little stuff. Well, after we remove the Soro SPAC prosecutor in one year, we incr my office increased criminal prosecution by 133%. Wow. That's on the criminal side. Now on the, the civil side consumer protection, the first year I was in office, my consumer protection division collected more than $32 million in settlements and judgements on behalf of defrauded Missouri consumers.


That's real money back in the pockets of working Missouri families. My second year in office last year, 2024, we collected north of $400 million in settlements and judgements in our consumer protection division. So we're setting records not only on the criminal side, but on the civil side as well. And so I just, it, You know, I wanna do the job, I wanna do it the right way. I wanna deliver results and, and wins for the people of the state of Missouri. What do you think your, your biggest snags are, your biggest hangups, your biggest challenges? You know, recruitment and retention is always a challenge. You, you've, it is tough to find public service minded individuals who are willing to work for a lot less, work a lot harder and work for a lot less than what they would get in the private sector.


But I've got a dedicated team of professionals. We've got about 300 employees at the Attorney general's office. We've got offices in Jefferson City at the state capitol in St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, Cape Gerardo as well. And we've done a lot. We started a practicum with University of Missouri Law School just 30 minutes up the road in Columbia. And those law students are provided the opportunity to come work at the ags office and they get class credit. We kinda get an all hands on deck approach, but it gives us a chance to kind of vet them and see what their interests are and recruit them. And it's been a great pipeline. It's allowed us to staff up. We instituted a, i, when I took over, I realized we had a lot of, I had a lot of lieutenants and a lot of privates, but not a lot of sergeants.


And so that kind of mid three to five year attorney who's tried a few cases and is ready to train that next new attorney, we didn't, we, we were missing that institutional knowledge and that demographic. So we instituted a mentorship program where we, we bring in senior counsel from law firms across the state, and they meet with my trial teams and help mentor my trial teams. That's resulted in seven complete defense verdicts in civil defense cases in a 15 month period. Wow. Thats $0, zero taxpayer dollars paid out to the plaintiffs. And so I can demonstrate that the mentorship program is producing tangible results in the courtroom. It's also reduced our turnover rate. So in 2022, like 67 attorneys left the office.


2023, my first year, 40 44 attorneys left the office. And I think last year only 20 attorneys left the office. So we're, we're recruiting better, we're retaining better. We've gotta, we're we're training better to, to deliver better wins. What do future aspirations, You know, I I I'm so blessed to get to do this. You know, it's a, it if you, if you, if you don't believe in God, you would see it as an accident that I'm here. And the part of the story that, You know, I, we didn't talk about, but I think is relevant to answering that question, is that after my wife and I, I only ever wanted to be a prosecuting attorney. Loved that job was working in Warren County, adopted kiddos.


And when you go from no kids to two kids overnight, you start adding up your bills and all of a sudden you realize you can't afford to be an, I couldn't afford to be an assistant prosecuting attorney. And so I left that job and went to work for the Missouri Department of Corrections on June 1st, 2018. The same day our previous governor took office, and he didn't have a staff when he took office. And he saw me working at DOC and pulled me up to be on his staff. So I was just at the right place at the right time to get a chance to work, You know, at the, at the summit of Power and State government and worked for the governor for several years. And then Eric Schmidt ran for United, the, the sitting attorney general ran for the United States Senate and was elected. And that created an opening that the governor appointed me to.


And so it's just being at the right place at the right time has provided me with these opportunities. And so who knows where the, the road leads and You know, what opportunities will be there in the future. But I'm really humbled at the, the opportunity to get to do this. And it's the show me state results matter and I wanna keep fighting and winning for Missourians. Well, you're doing a hell of a job if you are to get appointed to a federal position. AG A FBI, I don't know what else would you take it? Yeah, I mean, You know, I I think the world of President Trump and his administration and if those opportunities presented themselves, I think it's absolutely something you, you do.


And it's again, about answering the call to service. Were to such a historic and critical juncture in our nation's history. And I'm really excited about the president and his team being in, in, in power and the people having selected them to, to wield the authority to make America great again. And I'm, I'm hopeful and optimistic about the future with him and the White House and his team around him. He's got some great folks and they're gonna do a, a fantastic job. And yeah, You know, I, vice President Vance was in Iraq at the same time we were in oh 5, 0 6 timeframe. And so you've got that kind of next generation, You know, four years from now and you, you, the hope would be that he would be willing to run for president and would, would just keep the, keep the train rolling.


So that's, that's my, my hope. Right on man. Well, Mr. Bailey, it's an honor to interview you and you're just doing amazing things for the state of Missouri and, and for the country because it's, once it's a blast radius, You know, blast wave, it seems to be going off and you're definitely leading the charge in a lot of positive ways. And I just wanna say thank you for that and thank you for being here. Hey, thank you my friend. Appreciate you and, and, and the, your willingness to engage on these issues and cover these important topics that people might not be able to hear about otherwise. So thank you for what you do. My pleasure. Best of luck to you. Thanks sir.


Jim Rome takes on sports. Why? Because you are not playing me with rapid fire takes. Y'all went from the Super Bowl straight to the toilet bowl. He's not over the NFL. The NFL is over him. Scorching debates, All the good, all the bad, all the ups, all the downs. He's the spitfire of sports. Smack. Sorry for what I said because what's appropriate when I said it, but I can't say it anymore. Dude, you are killing the game. The Jim Roam Show podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.