Mint Mobile (0s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines (31s):
Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam. Explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL and Duckham.

4 (1m 1s):
I know my team's getting ready to go down there and tour that with you. Yeah, I'm gonna take them to 1428 Woodward Street, the house that used to be full of bullet holes. There is a woman and her three children living in that house that just celebrated Christmas. The women that used to sell dope out of that house, I've got them housed in another old trap house around the corner.

5 (1m 22s):
So I was nearing rock bottom and stole a bunch of dope from Isha. Do you remember that?

4 (1m 28s):
Yeah. And I want the kids a good day.

6 (1m 30s):
You know, when the doctors told me that I was dying and I was really relieved 'cause I was sick of living like that, you know, I was really, couldn't be more stoked about it. I mean, I didn't wanna die a junkie, but that's kind of where life had brought me.

7 (1m 42s):
This is where we housed the females who were selling they bodies. Those who would not submit, they got dealt with harshly, very harshly.

8 (1m 53s):
Started using when I was 12 years old. My life just started getting worse after that. Constantly in and outta jail, getting beat on domestic violence.

4 (2m 33s):
Ben Owen, Shawn Ryan, Welcome to the show, man. Thank you, sir. I've been really looking forward to this one. I have too. It's, it's an absolute honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. Well, it's an honor to have you and I love your hat. Thank you. Appreciate that. 4, 4, 4, 4 is my number. Is it? Oh yeah. So explain that to me. I've heard 4, 4, 4 is an angel number. I, I don't know why it is so long story, but about, I think it's been about two years now, had basically had God like slap me in the face in, in Sedona, and I won't get into it 'cause we'll be here all day, but like, no shit.

4 (3m 21s):
He just like showed up three times back to back to back in my life. And, and then I came home and I was telling, I had called this guy Eddie Penny, who's a friend of mine. We worked together in the Seal teams very early on and, and then we reconnected through the show. And when he came on, it's like my, the whole dynamic of my show kind of changed hi. His, his journey to faith and how he found Christ was just like, astounding and, and sent waves like throughout the, the, the, the listenership of the show.

4 (4m 2s):
And, and after he came on, it was like every person that came on the show talked about Jesus or their belief in Christ, or, you know what I mean? Something like that. Every single one for the longest time, I think it was over a year. And, you know, I, I started putting it together and I was like, man, and I released Eddie's episode on Christmas and then I had my own experience in Sedona where I had done psychedelics to, to, you know, get over some stuff. We can get into that later, but, but it kind of like, it didn't, psychedelics didn't like reignite my, my belief in Christ or anything like that.

4 (4m 48s):
But it made me realize there's something more out there. And so I was searching all kinds of stuff, looking at fucking crystals and you name it man, I was like, I was like trying to figure it out. And, and then Sedona happened, like, long story short, this guy read my mind from front to back, like read my mind every thought in my head. He had articulated right to my face, had never seen him before, nothing. And then two more things happened right after that and came home, called Eddie to tell him about it. And he was talking about guardian angels and all this other stuff.

4 (5m 32s):
And then I called this it guy that used to work for me, also a good friend and kind of a spiritual type mentor, you know, in my new journey. And those two had talked about the exact same thing back to back. They don't know each other. Also about guardian angels. I thought we were talking about email blasts when I called his, his name was Adam. Is Adam, his name is Adam. And, and came home from lunch after that. This was like a super powerful experience for me, this whole like, timeline from Sedona. And I called Eddie because I wanted, 'cause I wanted to talk to him about what had happened.

4 (6m 13s):
And he, he's also a mentor of mine with this stuff. Got back in my truck to go to work. Looked at the clock, 4 44, looked at the, you know, miles left to empty 4 44, 4 hours and 44 minutes after I had the conversation with Adam. 'cause that, that call was scheduled at noon, got to the studio, got with my head of social media. I was like, Hey, what does 4, 4, 4 mean? This just happened to me. We looked it up, it said, your guardian angel wants you to know that he's watching over you. And like I said, the conversation four hours and 44 minutes before that was about that's awesome.

4 (6m 57s):
Your guardian angel knows that you're knew you before you were ever even born and, and all this other stuff. And so then I started like seeing that number everywhere. Like everywhere. Oh yeah. 444 comments, 444 likes. 4 44 on the clock. It, it was just, it was just everywhere. And now, like I've really through my journey. Are you Christian? Absolutely. Through my journey. And my whole team's like really wrapped up in this every like, way better versed in this than, than I am.

4 (7m 39s):
And you know, some of the guys you met downstairs, like Darren, I mean he knows, he grew up as a Jehovah's witness, escaped all of that, but knows the bible like the back of his hand. So he's been a, a mentor of mine. My old head of production, Elijah grew up Baptist. So all these guys, like, who I never really, I can't say I didn't pay attention to him, but not in that aspect of like, really like helped answer a lot of questions that I have. And any, anytime I read something out of the Bible, they're always there to help me. And, and through my journey, I've, I've really, I've really leaned into gut instinct and I think that's where's, that's the Holy Spirit.

4 (8m 30s):
Yes. Yeah. I'm, I'm convinced of that. You, you cannot change that. And so that instinct is the spirit. So now when I'm making tough decisions or I wanna know if I'm doing the right thing with the show or what, whatever it is, man, a lot of it has to do with the show. Like, you know, we get, we get some pretty crazy interviews and like for example, the last one was the last one that really kind of threw me off. And I was like, am I like, should be doing this? I went to Romania and interviewed Colleen scu about some corruption that's going on there. And I was like, man, I don't know, like, am I doing the right thing here?

4 (9m 11s):
My gut tells me yes, but then you get in your head and like, I'll start seeing the numbers, man, those just start popping up everywhere right in front of me. And I, I don't think, I know for me, when I see that number or sequence, you know, 2, 2, 2 4, 4, 4, 7, 7, 7, whatever it is, I know that that's like, yes Sean, yep. You're God's, right God winks, I'm giving you, I'm giving you the, the confirmation that you need to press forward with this. And even then, man, I remember I did, on the way to Romania, we had a layover, I think in New York and, and we had just released another super controversial interview with Sam Schu made and everybody's calling me, oh, you're A-C-I-A-I said, oh, the comments on that were hilarious dude.

4 (10m 9s):
And, but I was like, man, I really like that email was real. We got the email, we check and anyways, and it turned out FBI came out and, and said, yeah, the email they said on the podcast, not, not the Shawn Ryan Show, but the email that's going around that was on the podcast, podcast was legitimate. And that came out right, right before that layover. And so I tweeted out on X the truth is like a lion set it free and it'll defend itself.

4 (10m 50s):
Right after I sent that tweet, this woman walks around the corner and she's got this huge lion head like this, like this sparkly lion head on her shirt. And I was just like, you can't, like, there it is, man. Yeah. Like you're on Sean, just lean into your gut. You're on the right path. Quit with the bullshit noise outside. Get outta your head. Like, just lean into the gut instinct. And, and so anyways, now you come in here and you got a hat, a TF 4, 4 4. So I know this is gonna be a really good interview and Sure. Hope so.

4 (11m 30s):
Very powerful. And I know it's gonna change a lot of lives. So once again, here it is. But what is the a TF 4 4, 4 to U. So the A TF triple four was G-C-P-S-U Afghan Special Police Unit. And we evacuated, well we tried to evacuate some of them and failed, but we did get his brother to America and he gave me the patch when we resettled him in Houston. Man, that's awesome. Yeah. So they were like the tier one trained version of cops in Afghanistan. Do you have any more of those patches? The triple four? Yeah. I don't, I don't, we've been looking for some because I've lost this hat two or three times now and flipped out about it.

4 (12m 12s):
And you found it. Found it. Yeah. But I need to find some backup patches. So if I find one, I got you. Well, I'll tell you what, I don't know if you looked around in here, but it's like a museum and a lot guess it. I'm dumbfounded, honestly. Like I thought I had a collection of some pretty cool shit. It's all stuff from guests. This is amazing. So, you know, if you ever do decide to part from that, I'd be honored to frame that. Hell yeah. In the studio and yeah, this is like a museum, but I'm not asking. So, and and hey, what is the, we got busy down there with the photos. What's that? A 10 barrel you brought in? So, you know, I've got a nonprofit called We Fight Monsters.

4 (12m 54s):
And a guy that we did a lot of stuff in the Afghan evac with General David Hicks. He's got something like 3,600 hours in an A 10. And he gave me that barrel. It's, if I remember correctly from his can to heart deployment, it's shot out, which I think that was the most violent deployment he had. So it's it's it's ended some lives. Wow. Yeah. Wow. So that is one of, I think seven. They got seven barrels, right? The GAU eight, I don't know about an eight 10 pilot. That's from the big all canon. So when you call in cast, that's what is shooting. You'll have to connect me with him. I'll do that. I'll interview him. You need to. And then that's gonna get framed and put over the, put in the new studio.

4 (13m 34s):
We're building a new studio, so Oh yeah, we brought you humidor too. We made it seriously. Yeah. So we've, it's down there in a box next to that barrel. We, we opened up a wood shop in Memphis to teach homeless vets, woodworking and gang members and anybody else coming off the streets. And so they made you a humidor out of black walnut and curly maple that was grown or felled and milled in Memphis. Man. Thank you. It's pretty cool. That'll look good in here too. Yes sir, it will. But, well, Ben, we got a lot to talk about today and I'm expecting this, well, I shouldn't say I'm expecting, but I got a feeling that this is gonna be a very heavy, heartfelt interview and I'm really excited to dive in here.

4 (14m 16s):
So I am too. Everybody starts with a introduction. So Ben Owen, you're an infantry Veteran, a father of eight children, a graduate of the University of Alabama, and an American PATRIOT from Fortune 500 companies to startups. You've excelled in leadership strategy, raising brand awareness, and sales. When you're not working your day job at Black Rifle Co not Coffee. You spend time in the North Georgia Mountains with your kids. You're an experienced expert on data intelligence and digital media. You founded Flanders Fields and We Fight Monsters with your wife Jess, and are dedicated to combating opiate and fentanyl addiction and sex trafficking in the Mid-South.

4 (15m 5s):
You're a recovering addict with, with a ulous pass, including drug arrests and homelessness. You've transformed your struggles into a force for good by leveraging experiences from running safe houses during the Afghanistan evacuation to establishing sober living homes in the US by converting dope houses into recovery spaces. You work alongside agencies and street gangs to embody hope and recovery, turning your once perilous path into lifelines for others. You're a busy man, you're doing heavy lifting in some of the most tough neighborhoods in America. And once again, man, it really is truly an honor to have you here.

4 (15m 48s):
I'm really excited about this. It's been a long time coming and so let's get started. Let's do it. But before we get to in the weeds, couple things. Here's my gift to you. Vigilance Lee gummy bears made here in the USA, they are not healthy. There's all kinds of poison and food guyses and sugar and all kinds of shit you shouldn't be eating, but they do taste good. Oh, they're delicious. Oh my God. We'll send you a, we'll send you some more when we get restocked. And then secondly, we have a Patreon account.

4 (16m 30s):
Patreon, they're our top supporters. It's a, it's a subscription account that, that our viewers and listeners can join. And we've really built quite the community there. And so a lot of these guys and and ladies have been with me since the very beginning. And like we started this in the attic, moved to this, now we're building a studio that's three and a half times bigger than this. Congratulations out in the woods. Hell yeah. And like with all the equipment upgrades and everything that we've been able to do, I credit Patreon. 'cause that's, that's who has been here the whole time. And so one of the things I do is I allow them to, I give them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question.

4 (17m 13s):
And so this is from Eric Alger.

Hillsdale College (17m 18s):
Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. More than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's free online courses. I've talked pretty openly about my return to faith on the show. And Hillsdale offers some incredible courses to help discover the Bible's profound lessons about fatherhood, the nature of sin, and the consequences of sin on both a family and a nation. Their online courses are self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost in it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss.

Progressive Insurance (18m 18s):
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states.

4 (18m 54s):
Ben, your transition from Army Veteran to founder of We Fight Monsters is both inspiring and profound. Many veterans struggle to find purpose after service, but you've channeled your warrior spirit into fighting one of society's darkest battles, human and narcotics trafficking. Can you take us back to the moment when you knew this was your mission? What was the turning point that made you and Jessica commit your lives to transform former drug houses into recovery homes and safe havens? So I think there were really two pivotal moments, and one of them actually goes back into active addiction. And we'll get into this much deeper later, but my last six months out there, I did not want that life.

4 (19m 39s):
I had been tired of it and I had two options. I was gonna get sober, I was gonna die and I didn't want to die. And Jess and I used to pray at Fox Hall Prayer multiple times a day. And it went something along the lines of, God, get us outta hell together and we'll come back for everybody left behind. So in 2019, he did get us outta hell together. Eventually, I, I, I left first, but later that year, we were a few months sober at the time and my best friend overdosed and died. And we hadn't yet been called back to Memphis to keep our end of that promise. But we did go back to Memphis to bury him. He had no family left.

4 (20m 20s):
So we raised money using my social media presence to cremate 'em and have a service. And we gave the overage because we raised like four times what it actually cost. We gave the overage to the Shelby County Drug Court and something happened in our brains at that point in time. We realized that, you know, we, we can use social media to get some cool stuff done. And it felt really good to, to be able to help people that are still out there struggling with the, the demon that we had escaped. And then of course, as that progressed, we, we did get called back to Memphis to save the ones we left behind. And once we started that dude, he mentioned purpose in the very beginning of that.

4 (21m 1s):
And that's, that's what it comes down to is I found my purpose, I found my calling, I found the reason God put me on this earth. And I have absolutely no doubt whatsoever that what we're doing today is what God wants me to do for the rest of my life. And so I hope that answers the question. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Thank you. Alright. All right. So now we get into the weeds here. So I wanna do a life story on you talk about childhood all the way up to what you're doing nowadays. All the pitfalls and the dark times. I mean, that's kind of, that's my specialty here, you know, and, and, and so where did you grow up?

4 (21m 48s):
Man, that's, it's not really an easy answer that I've lived in 14 states. I lived in three states in first grade alone. I lived in three states again in ninth grade. So I was born not far from here actually in Nashville. My dad was stationed at Fort Campbell. He was, I think a first lieutenant, first 5 0 6 back then. And I was a real high risk pregnancy. So when mom went into labor, they rushed her down to Nashville. I was born here, but we left before I was even three months old. I think Virginia next. And then Fort Benning, my little brother was born there.

4 (22m 31s):
And we lived, I think in Phoenix City, Alabama, just across the, the Chattahoochee from Fort Benning, or we may have lived in Columbus. And then dad left the army not too long after my little brother was born, went to Pfizer Pharmaceuticals as a sales rep. Back in like, hold on. Yep. We're moving too fast. How many brothers and sisters did you have? Just one. Just one. One. Are you guys close? We're not, not close. But you know, Cody has a a an awful lot of very well-founded resentment towards me for everything I did over the years, demanding all of my parents' attention because I was such a pain in the ass.

4 (23m 15s):
And I think I probably, and it in a lot of ways crushed his hopes and dreams for his life. Now he does a great job of hiding that resentment. But it's still there, you know? So yeah, me and my brother are close. I love him. He is my little brother. But even though he lives, you know, 20 minutes up the street from me, we don't, we don't see each other like Every day or anything like that. Man, it's a lot better now that I'm clean. You know, the, the longer I've been clean, the more he believes this time is real. How long have you been clean? A little over five years. I've been off the streets for, we're closing on six years now. I had a couple of alcohol relapses that first year.

4 (23m 56s):
So my actual sober dates October 4th, 2019. No kidding. Yeah. Not a drop alcohol. No dope. Nothing. Wow. I kicked booze. It'll be three years in this Valentine's Day. Oh shit. Hell yeah, man. I lost, I didn't know that about you. Thank you. Yeah, I've kicked, I've kicked a lot of addictions too. Cocaine, benzos, opiates. I had no idea. Yeah. Yeah. So you get it? Oh yeah, yeah. I get it. And then booze was the last, yeah, booze was the last one. I was, look in the, the relapse that ended with the rest of my story actually started with Damore.

4 (24m 37s):
No kidding. That was a big Scotch fan. That was just an alcoholic for a long time. Really? Until the dope entered the picture. Yeah, me too. Then I moved to Columbia and that's when the cocaine, but God, I'd be dead. Oh, I almost did die couple times. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. But cocaine was involved. So I'm cur I get a lot of flack about having a bar in here. 'cause we talk a, we talk a lot about sobriety, you know, if, if you watched any interviews you'll see that, you know, a lot of the guys that I bring on struggle with that. Yep. And then kicked it and, you know. But does that bother you?

4 (25m 18s):
Not in the least dude. Yeah. I mean, and it, and never has really. You, you, you're exposed to alcohol everywhere you go. That's the way I feel. It's everywhere. And if you can't be comfortable sitting this close to your favorite single malt scotch in the world, you got a problem. Yeah. You know, I feel like it's empowering. I do too. Have it sitting right there. I agree completely. And be able to overcome it. Yeah. And man, I know this interview isn't about me, but I got, there's just some things I wanna share. 'cause I think that I'll relate to you a lot. When I kicked cocaine, I kept my last dime bag for years. Just, that's next level to overpower it.

4 (26m 1s):
I kept it in a drawer. And I even, I mean, I even moved here with it. Like I kicked it. Wow. I kicked cocaine in Florida finally. And I had, I had a bunch of bags and, but IKI kept one of 'em. And like, I just, it was just like, I would look at it Every day for years. Like, wake up, hold it, look at that dime bag of coke. And it just, like, for me it was like, I'm gonna fucking beat you today again. And when we moved, I brought it up here with me.

4 (26m 44s):
And then I eventually, like, you know, what I wanted to do is I wanted to frame it and I'm serious. I wanted to frame it and put it it in the studio. I get that to show like, there it is. That's the last I beat that motherfucker. Yeah. And I, I, I guess I actually can relate to that more than I thought I could when you first said it, because I used to do that with heroin when I was trying to quit. I would, I would keep a little bit knowing it's there, it's there if this, if the withdrawals get to be too much, if today gets to be too much, it's there. I can do it. The problem of course, was that I always did it. You know, so I, I do get that. Yeah. Well, back to childhood. Yeah. What kind of stuff were you into as a kid?

4 (27m 26s):
Dude, I had like the most idyllic childhood ever, from my perspective. And outside looking in, I did boy scouts, you know, I tried to play sports to impress my dad, but I sucked all of 'em. I was, I was really good at, at being an outdoors kid, you know, hunting, fishing, land nav or orienteering as we call it in scouts. I did scouts. My dad was our scout master until we moved to California. And scouts got weird out there. So we stopped. But I was almost eagle, whatever was it star or life? Right. The Eagle Scout. I loved anything and everything outdoors. I loved, you know, going on bike rides, mountain biking, catching animals.

4 (28m 8s):
That was like, my obsession for a long time was, was reptiles, venomous snakes, you know, alligators, literally catching alligators. Like were you serious? Oh hell yeah. How old were you when you were catching alligators? I think the last one I caught, I was 18 or 19. When did it start? How young? God, probably 11 or 12. These were big alligators. I mean, they were little, you know, we, we lived in Jackson, Mississippi for seven years. That was the longest stretch in childhood I ever lived in one place. It was, it was Rankin County, Mississippi outside of Jackson on this big lake. A man made a lake called the Ross Barnett Reservoir. And it was full of alligators and water moccasins.

4 (28m 49s):
And like, it was the greatest place ever for a little boy to live, you know? And so we moved there when it was seven. How would you catch 'em? Nut I'd use a nut. And babies, you know, like I wasn't doing a crocodile hunter and jumping onto the towel. Did you ever have a mom come after you? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But the funny thing is, my mom would go to bat for me with the neighborhood moms. 'cause I was, I mean, an alligator. Oh no. So one time I did almost get eaten by a big old female. They'll build these mounds of like a sail almost got eaten. Alligators aren't really that aggressive, but it scared the shit outta me. They'll build a big old mound of vegetation and they use that to incubate their eggs, I guess. Well, we found one and we were stomping through it, trying to find babies, you know, and the whole thing starts vibrating.

4 (29m 32s):
We're like, what the hell is going on? And outshoots this 10, 11 foot long, full grown alligator that was, I guess had buried itself in this mound. We thought it was a nest. It was not a nest. It was, there was an actual giant alligator in the middle of it. And we fell over, we're in the swamp. And yeah, I thought I was gonna die. Holy shit. I don't know if I ever tell my mom that story. I, I remember my buddy Bo Goodson was with me when it happened and we thought we were dead. Oh, we thought we were dead. I'll bet. What, so were you, were you tight with your brother back then? We were very different as kids. You know, Cody wanted to be an actor. He wanted to play basketball. He was actually decent at sports and I was just wanting to play outside.

4 (30m 13s):
So yeah, we hung out all the time. I mean, we fought like big brothers and little brothers do, but nobody else was gonna fuck with my little brother, you know? I always stood up for him. So yeah, we, we were close growing up until we moved to California. That's when things went sideways. How old were you when you went to California? I moved there when I was 14. And so I was in Jackson, Mississippi from age seven to 14. And I mean, I'd already lived in, I, I don't even know how many states prior to that. So I had no stability. I was constantly moving, constantly being the new kid, constantly reinventing myself, you know, learning how to make new friends. And, and so I got really used to that and, and I was actually pretty good at it. I still am. But that seven year stretch of being in one place, like I, I built a life and, you know, that was half my life at that point.

4 (31m 1s):
I had spent there. And so when we moved from Jackson to Orange County, California, yeah, I snapped. I just lost it. I, I've always been an anxious person, especially today. Like more so than than usual. I am who I am today. I'm a very anxious and stressed out person back then I think is when it really came to a, I had, I had discovered that girls are animals too. And so my obsession switched from catching reptiles to females. And I had a girlfriend that I'd been allowed to spend way too much time with for a 14-year-old.

4 (31m 45s):
Like, I don't know how I convinced my parents to let me do this. Lost my virginity and everything. And when we moved, I was just like, that was the end of the world to me. You know, nothing was ever gonna be the same again. It was all the, you know, listening to Smashing Pumpkins and nine inch Nails and the world's gonna fucking end because I lost my girlfriend and she's in Mississippi and I'm in California and I just, I went nuts, dude. I went completely nuts. How so? You name it, like I went from, I was a straight A student my entire life until I moved to California. Not just straight a student. I mean, I was like an absolute nerd. I was writing letters back and forth to the president of Harvard from like 10 years old on Ford.

4 (32m 29s):
I wanted to be a cardiovascular surgeon. I had led a clinical study at the University of Mississippi at 13 years old that ended up getting published in the Journal of Neurology. Like I was an absolute nerd, alright? Goody two shoes, never got in trouble, didn't give my appearance any problems whatsoever. Within a month of moving to California, I'm still an alcohol, getting drunk, tried meth, tried coke shrooms at 14. 14, yeah. Yeah. I actually spent my 15th birthday locked up against my will in California. And that's, I mean, that's when things really started going downhill. So, you know, they, they caught me with weed. I don't remember how it actually happened, but, and I never liked weed, but it was just my way of acting out.

4 (33m 15s):
I would have it, you know, and I got caught. And so they flipped out. Like it was, you know, heroin that I was on. 'cause my parents are very, what's the word I'm looking for? Strict, very strict, straight and narrow kind of people. You know, like never done drugs, none of that. And so they flipped the absolute hell out and, and sent me to rehab for weed when I'm 14 years old. Well, I get in there and, and I, they make me talk to a psychiatrist and I realize like, I can just get dope in here. 'cause I wanted to change the way I felt. That's, that was the crux of everything.

4 (33m 56s):
I did not like the way I felt. And I wanted to do anything I could to change it. I'd been drinking extremely heavily. I'd been caught stealing alcohol. I was taking open containers of alcohol to school, to high school, ninth grade with me. And the teachers there wouldn't do shit. They were afraid of the students. Like it was, the students literally ran that school. So I started talking to the psychiatrist at this rehab place. And remember I was a nerd. I'd read the DSM, it was the DSM four back then, front to back. I don't even know how many times. What's that? It's, that's the, I think it stands for Diagnostics and Statistics manual. It, it tells doctors how to diagnose diseases including mental health or particularly mental health. You read that at what age?

4 (34m 37s):
I think the first time I read it, I was 12. Like whenever the DSM four came out, I was reading it because I wanted to impress my dad. My whole life was spent trying to become my dad or to please him or make him happy. And this is not any fault of his, like he was not an overbearing father. I had perfect parents growing up. This was just, I'd internalized in my mind that my life only had validity if my dad was proud of me, which he always was. But, so I, I started reading the DSM four 'cause he was selling to doctors as a, I think he was a regional manager with Pfizer by this point in time. And he had a tremendous level of respect for docs. And so I wanted to become a doctor. And so I'd read this thing front to back memorized the whole damn thing.

4 (35m 18s):
I'm gonna caveat this, but I've, I've killed a lot of brain cells since then. Okay. So like, I'm not that smart anymore, but I used to be, I had near photographic memory. So anyway, I, I go to the, remember I told you I got weaponized A-D-H-D-I go and that's, that, that is real. I go to the psychiatrist and I'm, I present myself as a textbook case of somebody with bipolar disorder. I'm not bipolar. But they went ahead and diagnosed me. They did diagnose the A DH adhd, which is real. And they put me on Ritalin. And since I had read this manual and knew the things to say, I went back and kept going back to the doc at the rehab facility while in a drug rehab. I have gotten a doctor to prescribe me 120 milligrams of methylphenidate a day.

4 (36m 2s):
Ritalin, which is like super therapeutic, like way beyond what any kid should ever be on, needless to say. That created a lot of anxiety and paranoia and other symptoms. And so now they're treating me for those symptoms. So they've got me on Xanax, Valium, I didn't even realize it back then, but I'm dependent on all of this shit. And life at home had become pure hell because, you know, I'm trying to get out of this rehab and every time they let me go home, I do something crazy, like drink a bottle of rubbing alcohol and wake up in an ER with a catheter in and don't remember shit. Like, I don't, I don't know any of it happened. And so when I said my little brother has a lot of resentment, like that's, that's why this started.

4 (36m 45s):
And I'm taking all of my parents' attention from him. And it was his dream come true to move to Southern California because he wanted to be an actor. So he's in acting class as my parents are having to go pick me up outta gutters or have the police pick me up because I've run from the rehab facility. Like it was just, and it came outta nowhere. My poor parents, you know, just literally overnight this happened. How would you get the booze? Steal it. You'd steal it. I didn't give a fuck. I, and, and that's like the craziest part about this is I'm not a thief. Even during my addiction, I was making the money, I was blowing on dope. But at 14, 15, I just did not care. I did not, I wanted to get in trouble. I wanted somebody to catch me.

4 (37m 25s):
Man. We got a lot of parallels already. I same, same here. I, I didn't go to rehab and I didn't get into drugs, but I got into alcohol I think seventh or eighth grade. Yeah, same here. That was moved around all over the place. The longest time I've ever spent somewhere. Seven years. Oh wow. Yeah. So yeah. You, you get all of 'em Until now. Until now. How long you been here? Seven years. Okay. But yeah, we used to, I used to find bums and pick 'em up, have go by the booze for me. I've done that. Yeah. Yeah. Real smart as a kid without a driver's license. But, wow.

4 (38m 6s):
You, you had mentioned, wanna retrace a couple things here. You had mentioned Boy scouts got weird in California. Yeah. What was weird. So my dad was always our scout master growing up. And so we moved to California. He got us back in scouts and I've been like through, you know, little bitty tiger cub all the way up, you know, the whole thing. Dad's an Eagle scout order. The arrow ranger qualified, you know, he is super who a guy. And so he puts us right back in scouts when we get out there and we have our, our first camp out. And when we get to this place where we're camping, they ran all of us up. And this was, this was like right before I went nuts. So I haven't gone nuts yet.

4 (38m 47s):
I'm still dealing with the anxiety and mental health stuff, but I haven't started doing the drinking and all that. But that was like two weeks later we get to the first camp out and then they ran everybody up. And the, the scoutmaster, 'cause dad's the assistant, 'cause he is the new guy says something to the effect of, and remember campers, no scout master's intenses with boys and no sharing sleeping bags this time. And my dad looked at me and my brother was like, get in the fucking car. We're going on. That was the end of that. Like holy shit. Yeah, it was, it was, it was very odd. Very odd. But you didn't have any, nothing happened to you. Oh God, no. No. He got us the hell outta there. We never went back Right on. Never went back. Yeah. I was also diagnosed A DHD, Ritalin, Adderall at fourth grade.

4 (39m 29s):
Damn. Yeah. Fourth grade now. Yeah. Lin fucked me up. I really think it did like permanent damage to, that's where the anxiety started really bad for me was with the Ritalin. Of course, I, it's my own fault. I, I manipulated the doctor into giving me like three times what anybody my size should have been on. But, and I have a repeating pattern of doing that, manipulating circumstances and end up fucking myself in the end. Yeah. Let's, so it sounds like you were like a, like a prodigy. I was, my parents I think honestly believed I was gonna go into cure cancer aids someday, you know, and like that, that clinical trial that all led the methods we came up with and that are being used to this day to diagnose things like Parkinson's and stuff.

4 (40m 16s):
Are you serious? Yeah. And you, you did this at 13, 13, 14, you know, with a neurologist at a University of Mississippi. I, I took first place in the Mississippi State science fair that year. How did you get, let's go through that. How did you get in touch with a doc at Harvard? My dad. Oh, at Harvard? Yeah. I just wrote him a letter, dude. I wrote the president of Harvard a letter when I was 10 and said I wanted to be a cardiovascular surgeon. He wrote me back and was like, that's awesome. It's too early to decide what kind you wanna be, but keep writing me and let's stay in touch, you know. So I had an open line of comms with the president of Harvard at 10. I I did the Duke tip thing where you take the SAT in eighth grade and scored like a 1380 or 1400 or something. I was, I was, I was a very smart kid.

4 (40m 58s):
Wow. And I've definitely spit in God's face with the amount of brain cells I, I killed. But it is what it's, you know, but yeah, so my parents like, I I feel horrendous for them to this day if I try to put myself in their shoes now as a parent. And I have kids that age. I have kids much older than that already. I don't know how my dad kept his job. I really don't, I don't know how he stayed sane because on top of that, he is dealing with my mom's physical health. She's got a slew of autoimmune problems. Like I was just a really selfish little bastard man. I, I, I don't understand how, I don't understand how they kept me.

4 (41m 39s):
Like if I, I'd have been investigating ways to give up custody of this kid to the state somehow, you know, looking back on what I put them through because it really did come outta nowhere. There was no lead up to this. It was just bam. Ben's insane. Damn. So I'm at this rehab place in California and, and I have, hold on, hold on. Let's go back. Okay. I wanna talk about the medical, the, the, the, the paper that you wrote. Oh yeah. So, well we had this, I was reading, I don't remember one of my dad's medical journals like jam or whatever it was. And right up on this phenomenon called the subcutaneous silent period. Now I remember I've killed a lot of brain cells and this is 30 years ago, so I don't remember all of it.

4 (42m 23s):
But basically it is a silent period in, in your synapse, in your nerve conduction. When you touch a painful stimuli, your nerves actually go blank for a second to your, the signals to your muscle telling your muscles to contract. And what that is, it's a, before your brain can even process I'm in pain. Your, your nerves have told your hand to let go. So if you've ever reacted to something quicker than your brain can actually process what's happening. That's basically why it happens. Well, I theorize that if this is true, that in, in instances of diseases like a myotrophic lateral sclerosis or Parkinson's or maybe Alzheimer's, anything that affects cognitive function or nerves, there might be a delay in that.

4 (43m 9s):
And well, we found out that was true, that there was a delay. And so that, that was, it's been tons of research have been done since on this. Like it's a whole field and I, I doubt I'm the first person that thought of it. But I definitely did my own study and it definitely made it into the German neurology. My dad connected me with this neurologist. I forget what drugs Deb was selling for Pfizer at the time, but he knew the neurologist at University of Mississippi. And this is back before the Pharma Act passed, I think, which means Pharma act is because drug companies were essentially paying doctors to write their drugs, you know, and so this is back when you could still give docs tons of money. And so he, I'm sure there was some grant involved. He's like, help my kid do this idea.

4 (43m 50s):
So he got me access to all these machines, electroencephalograph and stimulus, and I don't even know what they're all called, but I got to shock my mom, like she was one of my test subjects. I had a couple of the, the neuro interns up there that were my test subjects. I mean, it was, it was really cool. Like I, I had a great life ahead of me and just for no reason at all decided to piss it away. Damn. I mean, what what, what was your parents' reaction when you get published at 13? So it didn't actually get published until I was 14, maybe 15. And I was, I was in custody in Utah when that happened.

4 (44m 31s):
Are you serious? That's how quick it happened. How'd you find out that it got published? Yeah, I think they sent it to me. I was, I was, they sent me, so there's a Netflix special out right now about these facilities in Utah. Like that's how bad they were. You know, these wilderness camps and Provo Mountain, I think Paris Hilton went to one of them. Of course, we didn't know back then how bad they were. What do you mean? Oh, they, they like beat the hell outta kids. The one I was at got shut down for breaking some kid's arm. There were like sexual assaults that happened at some of 'em. What happened to you? So actually at that one, the one in Utah, nothing. The one in California, that's not quite true.

4 (45m 12s):
I kept running away. I don't wanna be there. I'd run away, I'd go still some alcohol and eventually the cops would find me. Or sometimes one time my mom found me passed out in the middle of an intersection, very busy intersection and range to Sun Margarita. Eventually they got tired of me running and kind of upped their game on keeping me inside. And memory's a little fuzzy on this, but somehow I ended up barricaded in a room with three female clients and they got real pissed about that. And when they got in the room, they got me out and put me in a five point restraint room, like 14 years old. And three grown ass men beat these shit outta me.

4 (45m 54s):
I mean beat the ever loving hell outta me. And at the time I felt like I deserved it, you know? What'd they beat you with? Just open hands, slapping the shit outta me. I don't, I don't remember any like objects or fists, but I mean, they, they beat shit on me. I'm, I'm restrained. I'm in a five point restraint, you know, I can't even lift my head. So that sucked. And it definitely gave me, what's the word I'm looking for here? I had some severe trauma associated with rehab and you can see how that might play into some problems later on in my life. Yeah. My story, the end result of that was that they shipped me off to a residential treatment facility in Utah for 18 months.

4 (46m 52s):
And I, of course being the outdoors kid that I was, I still had the love of all those things. They sent me to fucking paradise in my mind. If I could just get outside the fence, you know, there's like all sorts of reptiles and critters I want go catch. It was outside of Ogden, Utah, so near Great Salt Lake. And I was, I was definitely gonna run. I mean I, I knew how to survive out in the desert and that was what I, in my mind, that's what I was gonna do. But the day I got there, I saw a track star that I had known from school in California was also sent out there to try to run and keep in mind I can't run for shit.

4 (47m 32s):
Like I'm, I'm not a runner. And three giant Mormon dudes tackled his ass and they shot him so full of Thorazine. He didn't, he didn't come out of the room. They put him in for like a week. So I was like, hmm, I'm not gonna run from this one. And so I got to work manipulating my circumstances again. You know, I convinced another doctor that I was very, very bipolar and just needed to be medicated. And then when they did that, I checked all the boxes and did all the stuff and ended up graduating from that place in nine months. Wow. But I was being medicated for a whole bunch of shit that wasn't even wrong with me, which presents all sorts of new problems.

4 (48m 14s):
My judgment was fucked, obviously destroyed my brother's dreams of finishing acting school out there. My dad had to take a demotion with Pfizer to get us outta there, to get us outta California. He moved us back to Alabama. I, I think I was, I think I turned 16 right after they got me out. And so I, I'd been out from front of my parents' roof for like a year at this point. My brother didn't really even speak to me. I do remember the day that I, I drank that bottle of rubbing alcohol.

4 (48m 56s):
I guess the plan to sending me to Utah was already in place because the last thing I remember before I passed out and then woke up in the hospital is my little brother going, Hey Ben, you ever been to Utah? So he's always been a little smart ass. Geez. Yeah. But so what happened when you got outta there? Well, we moved to Alabama and it was weird. You remember? How old were you at this point? 16. Right about to turn 16. I may have turned 16. I don't quite remember. You remember I mentioned the kid that stepped on the alligator with me? Bo Goodson. Yeah, that was in Mississippi. We moved to Hoover, Alabama. And my first day at school I run into fucking Bo Goodson.

4 (49m 38s):
The dudes like they had moved and we just ended up at the same high school together, which almost fucked me up really bad. He gave me a bunch of Adderall that day. And I keep in mind I haven't touched any dope in a year 'cause I've been locked up and I ended up throwing it away, thank God. 'cause when I got home from school that day, my mom's like, lemme see your wallet. And that's where it had it. She just had a feeling that mom gut instinct. Yeah. So for the rest of high school, I, I was pretty good. Dad got offered a promotion back to regional manager that would've required him to move to North Georgia. And he took it.

4 (50m 17s):
And me being the petulant little unappreciative child that I was, reminded him, he promised me he wouldn't move me again and told him I wasn't going. Now if my 16-year-old had said that to me, I don't know how I would've react, but it wouldn't be the way my dad did. He, I don't know how it played out. I ended up moving in with my aunt and uncle. They didn't make me move to Georgia with him. And if I'm being honest, dude, they were probably just sick of me. My parents, they loved me, but they were probably really tired of me. I, I couldn't have managed me. So they let me move in with Aunt Sandy and Uncle Danny.

4 (51m 1s):
And so that was my junior year. The summer between junior and senior year, I went and spent in Georgia at my parents. And then went back and, and somehow at the end of that summer, my mom and my aunt got into a pissing match about something. I think maybe it was about my girlfriend. And the end result was I had got my own apartment for my senior year. I, I don't, I don't know, I didn't question it. Right. But I actually did everything I was supposed to do. I I would've graduated with honors and I mean, I guess on paper I did, but I didn't get to walk at graduation because the month before I ended up, I got caught with how college school.

4 (51m 46s):
But you know, I graduated with honors. I got a scholarship to Auburn Math Scholarship and I had no desire to get a math degree, but that Damn, so through all that, you still graduated with honors and got a full ride scholarship? Yeah, well I hadn't killed all the brain cells yet. That was still to come. So I get to Auburn and remember, I, I stayed sober. I did get caught with alcohol at school, but that was the only time I drank. It was like I got caught the one time I did it. That may not be true. I, I feel like it is, but it might not be. It's, I don't remember. But once I got to Auburn, man, the brakes came off. It was over with getting drunk as shit.

4 (52m 29s):
Every day I got so bad. I was, I was, this is back in, you know, 2000 and if you go get apple juice at the store, they weren't plastic bottles. They were still glass bottles. And I would pour it out and fill 'em with beer to take the class with me. That's how bad I got that fast. I was drinking, you know, two cases a day. I got a job at Auburn that I was trying to work and trying to do classes. I started ROTC again, just trying to be like my dad. You know, he did ROTC at Auburn.

4 (53m 9s):
And so I sucked at pt, like I hate running. I was in terrible shape because I was drinking constantly and the drinking just kept escalating. Like I, I was getting really close to drinking myself outta college. Like guidance counselors had called me in. And so my mom or my aunt one was like, well he needs to go meet with the students with disabilities or whatever. 'cause I, I was diagnosed bipolar and I'm still being medicated for it. So I did that and they basically greenlit me to misbehave all I fucking wanted. And they have to make reasonable accommodations for me. It was a disaster. I was, I was such a manipulative little shit.

4 (53m 52s):
Just anything I could get that gave me an excuse to do what I wanted, I was gonna grab onto that and not let go, you know. Were you drinking for the party? Were you just drinking at home alone? I was just drinking if I was awake. Literally started when I woke up because I'd get sick if I didn't. I didn't realize it back then. I was already physically dependent on alcohol. Wow. And I know like growing up my parents drank. Neither one of 'em had a problem. I knew both of my mom's parents died alcoholics. But it was never really beat into my head the way it should have been that I was playing with a loaded gun.

4 (54m 34s):
And it, I mean it definitely got me early, you know, like I was, and I wasn't even old enough to buy alcohol. That was the crazy part. That's, yeah. You mentioned having homeless people go buy beer for you. I definitely did that. I was never without beer and it was just beer back then, you know, I didn't do a whole lot of drugs at Auburn other than recreationally. That was back when ecstasy was still x, whatever it is now is not okay. But making terrible decisions. I ended up getting a girl who was in her mid twenties pregnant and my mom convinced to get an abortion, which fucked me up pretty good.

4 (55m 23s):
I don't know that I've ever told that story publicly. You wanted to have it? No, but I didn't wanna kill it either, if I'm being honest. This girl was on so much dope though. The chances that baby making it were very slim anyway. You know, she was, she was heavy, heavy into all the drugs. I was just drinking. How'd you meet her? I met her at a cigar shop in downtown Auburn, like six foot tall redhead. And we liked the same music and it just, it was off to the races from there. How did your mom convince her? Do you know?

4 (56m 4s):
I don't, I don't know. I, I was so drunk during that time period and this is like probably middle of 2001. But of course that since that fucked me up, it just gave me another excuse to drink. Did you go with her? I, I don't remember. You don't remember? I don't remember. When did, I had a lot of blackouts. When did it dawn on you? I guess I did go with her. My mom came too. 'cause I remember being in the parking lot.

4 (56m 44s):
I didn't go inside. My mom went inside with her. My mom went inside with her. Adam, I just went back and I mean that, that was the end of being her. She was a fucking psychopath. Like ruptured one of my ear drums, beating the hell outta me one time. Like she was just nuts. Just nuts. I have a penchant for crazy women. I think that was a rough summer though. So it dawned on you in the parking lot what was happening. I mean, I knew what was happening, but like the totality of it hit me, you know, went back home and drank myself into oblivion and she packed her shit and left.

4 (57m 36s):
And that was the last time I ever talked to her. Does it still bother you? Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I love children, I love them, you know, and to ever did anything to harm one, I, I drank at that problem for 20 years after that. Damn. Yeah. Damn. That's, I mean, that's kind of guilt. I don't, I can't overcome and I've accepted, I've come to terms with what happened, but yeah. Not to get into a political conversation like abortion always turns into, but I killed my child. You know? That's, that's how I look at it. And that's, that's hard. That's hard, that's hard to cope with.

4 (58m 21s):
I mean, I know you're not, I know you said it still bothers you, but I mean, there's a lot of kids, you know, that are doing, there's a lot of women that have done that. Yeah. That probably feel a sense of regret. What would your advice be, man? Consider adoption. Consider adoption. Somebody out there will love that baby. Somebody will, I promise you that. I adopted one of mine, you know, I've got eight, only seven of 'em are actually biologically mine.

4 (59m 2s):
I do understand circumstances and, and you know, I do understand that that's, it's a decision. Some people feel they don't have a choice but to make, I would, if I had it to do over again, I don't know that I would've chosen something different though, just because of how everything was and how everything is today. And I don't know. I don't know. That's a tough one, man. That's a tough one. How, how fast did that decision happen? Very quickly, like within a week of finding out she was pregnant. You told your parents? Yes, yes, I did. I told my mom that's how that happened.

4 (59m 43s):
And I was scared to death. 'cause I mean, they, even though I was in ROTC, like I was still dependent on my parents a lot of money. You know, I had lost the scholarship because to keep the scholarship, I had to be a math major. I did not wanna major in math. Like I, I'm good at math. I love math. It's fun. I like it because there's a clear answer to something, you know, it's very definitive. But I didn't wanna work a job in that, so I didn't have a scholarship. So ROTC was like, that was, you know, I don't have to have my parents pay my bills, they're gonna pay it. But I was actually wavered into ROTC because when I was, right before we left Mississippi, I tore my ACL playing football and never got it fixed.

4 (1h 0m 28s):
So it was, it was just a whole giant shit show. And it all went back to me trying to manipulate my circumstances. How did your, I mean, how did your mom react when you told her? Shock and disbelief. Shock and disbelief. But at the same time, I, I don't think it surprised her. And if you just listened to the last half hour of my story, I don't think it's surprised anybody else. It was not exactly known for making good decisions. And most of the bad decisions I made revolved around alcohol and women at that point in time. So it was bound to happen sooner or later. How old were you?

4 (1h 1m 8s):
19. 19 years old. Damn. So where do we go from here? All right, Ben, we're back from the break. All right. Got through some heavy stuff. Sounds like you, we were right about at, I think you lost your scholarship. Yeah, I had, I no longer had a scholarship and I was working still dependent on my parents. I had this job at a service center.

4 (1h 1m 48s):
I, I drove a 67 Camaro back then. I've always loved old cars. And so I got a job at a, a Carries service center in Alabama. And it was the morning of September 11th, 2001. I woke up, puking up blood. I had drank a hole of my esophagus. I was about to fail outta class a month into the semester. And I knew it. I had, you know, been in ROTC, this is my second year. And was not good at, it was not good at getting up early because I was always hungover.

4 (1h 2m 30s):
I was terrible at PT because I'm not good at running. I don't have any ACL. And anyway, I'm changing an alternator on a 73 Impala, no, 73 Monte Carlo at Carrier service center. And I walk into the break room to get a Dr. Pepper because I cannot stop throwing up blood. And I just need something to calm my stomach down. And carbonation has a weird way of doing that. And I look at the TV and I see the second plane hit tower. My dad's in New York when this happens. And it is like, the world just stopped. Everything stopped.

4 (1h 3m 14s):
We found out dad was okay. And I walked across the street to a recruiter and, and told him, I just wanna go ahead, enlist. It was, it was a terrible idea. I'm in no shape to, to join the army. Right. But on nine 11, on nine 11, you went to enlist? Well, well, I went to talk to a recruiter. 'cause I didn't know legally how that worked. I'm, I'm in ROTC in college right now. I'm wavered for a torn ACL. And so I wanted to find out what, what it would look like if I enlisted. And of course the place, you know, the next day was packed. Everybody went to go unlist.

4 (1h 3m 57s):
And so they scheduled me for an asvab. And I just decided I'm rebranding myself. Ben is no longer a college student. You know, that's, I was, I think a mechanical or maybe chemical engineering major at the time. I changed so many times. I'm gonna, I'm gonna list, I'm gonna go the army. And so they scheduled me for asvab. I got a 99 on it, still had most of my brain cells, thank God. And I was an engineer engineering student. So like all the, the math and stuff on it was like super familiar to me. They found me a slot for nine, seven Bravo counterintelligence. Sounded super cool. I was gonna get, go spend, I think it's 17 weeks in Fort Chuca, Arizona.

4 (1h 4m 40s):
I was gonna get a security clearance. I was gonna get a $20,000 sign in bonus. And so, you know, I let my parents know. And the process drags out a little bit. It's a few months that go by. And I go down to Maxwell Air Force Base to do MEPS the first time. And I'm there and I meet this little brunette from Dustin, Florida and get fucking trashed, right? And we hook up and I show up to, to do MEPS the next day. Still drunk, still drunk. And my whole life, my dad, I think carried a chip on his shoulder that he was ranger qualified and infantry officer never deployed.

4 (1h 5m 21s):
'cause he was served during the Carter years. I wouldn't say a chip on his shoulder. It was a regret he had, he always wanted to get to go do coal guy stuff. And I didn't want that to happen. And I fully believe that war was gonna be over in six weeks, which, you know, in hindsight, looking at it now, like, holy God, I was dumb. Right? That was America's longest war. And we just walked away from it. But at the time, I was convinced that if I didn't do something fast, I was gonna miss out on everything. And, and my, my only shot at impressing my dad after all these fuck ups that I've got. This is how I could finally redeem myself and my parents' eyes. And I wanna be abundantly clear. This is not something my parents put on me. They never made me feel like I was a disappointment.

4 (1h 6m 4s):
You know? They never made me feel like I had anything to prove. I I put all of this weight on myself that I had to please my parents. And the only way I could do that is to become just like my dad. I held this man on a pedestal my whole life. And I think a lot of little boys do that, you know? But I, I maybe took it to an extreme. Well, anyway, I'm telling, you know, we go through the duck walk. The dude looks at your butt hole, you gotta check your feet, you know, all this shit you do at meps. And I get into that last little room where I'm picking my MOS and I'm telling him about my dad. And he's like, well, you know, there's, there's an infantry slot open. And my dumb ass goes, yeah, do that, do that.

4 (1h 6m 45s):
And so I enlisted as an 11 Bravo. And that, that, you know, hindsight, I hate running yet again. I'm doing something that I'm, I'm not gonna be good at or capable of trying to impress my dad. What, you know, I can relate to you on this too. The only reason I made it through Buds and became a seal is 'cause I wanted to impress my dad. And he never did anything like that, ever. But what, what is it, I mean, do you think it's the being the oldest child, like you feel that, that pressure that you always need to impress your parents?

4 (1h 7m 26s):
I've always put an inordinate amount of pressure on myself to perform always to today. I, I'm doing that right now, actually. Like the, the lead up to this. You can ask Jess, I was terrified to come in here. I'm always have just put a tremendous amount of pressure on myself. I think a lot of that is because I'm the oldest, but it's also because I had so much promise as a kid. I had so much promise and, and my parents were so proud of me, and they stopped looking at me like that. You know, and you wanted it back. I wanted it back.

4 (1h 8m 6s):
I didn't want be a piece of shit drunk, but I knew that's what I was, and not just a piece of shit drunk, but like one that put his mother in a position to have to kill her own grandchild. And that just ate me alive. And I would, I would drink at that problem nonstop, you know, all the way up to the time I swore in, like, so I, I picked 11 Bravo spot and looking back, here's, here's where it gets, this is how retardant it was. I was on mental health medication, then I had no ACL.

4 (1h 8m 48s):
So when I got to meps, I lied about literally all of it. No, I've never done drugs. No. I've never been in drug rehab. No, I've never broken a bond, dude. I've broken like nine, literally nine bonds and torn two ligaments at that point in time. I'm raging alcoholic and I'm just at MEPS drunk telling him, nope, nope, nope. No, no. 'cause they'd coached me. My recruiter had done his job. Now he'd done his job to get me that nine seven Bravo spot. The would got me a signing bonus and I probably would've done just fine if I had taken that slot. But me being me, I had to manipulate everything and, and try to finagle my way in. Because when we looked at the beginning, he's like, well, I don't have any infantry spots. That's, I forget what the deal was. So I, I decided to buck the plan again.

4 (1h 9m 33s):
Sorry, you were asking something. No, I mean, I was gonna say, I mean, looking back, do you think that you even wanted to join the army, let alone infantry going into a combat role? Or was that just to impress your dad and that I'm just gonna Sure. No, I did, I did want it. You did want it. I, I badly wanted it my whole life. I, at the beginning, or did that become No, I had always wanted that. I never wanted to do anything other than infantry my whole life. And, and yeah, part of that is because I watched my dad and, and I looked up to him. But the other part is 'cause of the job itself. I mean, fuck, why'd you go to college? Well, I wanted, I wanted to finish and go in as an officer, because that, that was what dad did.

4 (1h 10m 16s):
And that was definitely, I wanted to do that because that was the example he set. But I changed my mind because it, it was peace time up until that day. And I was like, well, I'll go become a mechanical engineer. I'll do chemical engineering, go to med school. I didn't know what the fuck I wanted, man. I just wanted something. I, I wanted to be something that I could be proud of and that my parents would be proud of. But after September 11th, I think I started channeling a lot of my anger and rage that I felt at myself at outward thing. Like the bad guys, the people that attacked America. And I have to do something about this. It's my duty as an American.

4 (1h 10m 57s):
I mean, I come from, I don't know how many generations in a row served, but pretty much all of 'em, like back to the French Indian War in the 1750s or whatever, that was my, my family served in every conflict this country's had. And so I, I definitely felt a, a duty to do it. But like with so many other things, I get to the finish line and I decide to fuck it up on my own, you know, and buck the plan. So unless there's 11 Bravo, I get to Fort Benning and there's like a five week wait or something at reception Battalion. It was ridiculous because of how many people are enlisting right? Then, oh, and I'm going through alcohol dts, I was incredibly physically dependent on alcohol.

4 (1h 11m 43s):
Oh, and by the way, I, I dced all of my mental health meds, which I may not have needed, but my body is now used to. And so I'm going through withdrawal from these things at the same time. And I don't have an ACL so this is why I kind of went, some people say that Ben used to be an infantryman. Ben enlisted in the infantry, all right? I get like, I don't know, 10 or 11 weeks into, at Fort Benning and my knee completely goes out. I can't tell anybody 'cause I lied about it. So I'm acting like this is a new injury, right? I had vertical fractures on the outside of my tibia. And there's no cool story that goes along with this. We were literally running PT, doing the, you know, little sideways run. And it just, that was it.

4 (1h 12m 24s):
And so I, I get to medical, they confirm, yeah, you get, you know, you broke your leg, you're gonna get recycled. I'm like, that's super terrible. That's awful. I don't wanna do that. And I'm like, well, that's, that's what's about to happen. And they put me on crutches, I think, and it wasn't getting any better. So finally bring me back in and look at it again. And this time it's an actual doc, not a PA that's looking at it. And she's like, you don't have an ACL and that is not new, and you better tell me, you know, what, what's going on here? And so I told her, she threatened me with a JAG referral for lying at meps. So I ended up discharged from the Army honorably, but no benefits whatsoever.

4 (1h 13m 5s):
She yet another example of, if I had just stayed with the plan, I would be at Fort Waca, becoming a badass counterintelligence guy. But instead Ben wanted to do what Ben thought would impress his parents and ended up fucking everything up. So Ilist after nine 11, before the summer of 2000 two's up, I'm walking off of Fort Benning in my civilian clothes, carrying my bag. No phone depressed as hell. Feeling like an absolute utter failure. And I, I, I remember getting to gas station just off post.

4 (1h 13m 47s):
And the first thing I did was buy a beer. It went right back to it that fast. You know, I hadn't had a drink in however many months that was, and I'm right back on it. And at what point did you call your dad? So I called him, you know, they had payphones in the, the little barracks, courtyard area, the company area. And so my parents had a one 800 number and they had for a very long time, I don't remember why. So I was able to call my parents pretty frequently. But when they sent me to the, what are the return home unit, or maybe I can't remember what it was called.

4 (1h 14m 29s):
Usually you linger or languish in that thing for like six weeks. 'cause they're pissed at you. 'cause either you're a quitter, you lied, you fucked something up, you, you're getting kicked out. And I wasn't any of those things, but I felt all of those things. And somehow they cranked me outta there. In one day I was, I was in and I was out the next day. So I called my granddaddy, my dad's dad, Korean War vet president of a community college, and, and told him what happened. He lived in Phoenix City at the time. So he came and picked me up. And I don't remember how I got back to Auburn, but I just, I just wanted to crawl in a hall and fucking die.

4 (1h 15m 9s):
I was so ashamed of myself, you know? And I carried that chip on my shoulder for a long time. You know, looking back now, like, dude, I tried. I, I, if I had just not lied about my injury and done what the waiver, 'cause apparently ROTC doesn't talk to active duty. So they had no idea about the A-C-L-R-O-T-C knew all about it. So, you know, I, I did my best. I ra raised my right hand and, and swore in and, and then went and tried and fucking failed. Like, I had so many other things up to this point. And it all came back to the same stuff over and over me manipulating my circumstances, trying to get the outcome I think I want rather than seeking, you know, what maybe what god's will would be in those circumstances end up back at Auburn.

4 (1h 15m 57s):
And things escalated pretty quick after that. I, real quick, when did your dad find out a, a matter of days or hours from, from when had happened? And I don't Did you tell him? Yeah. Did your granddad tell him? Yeah, I told him. I don't remember the phone conversations at all. I was blackout drunk, but I mean, dad obviously knew I had no ACL and also knew I was insane for enlisting and saying I wasn't on any medication and all those other things. So I think he probably figured that was gonna happen, right?

4 (1h 16m 37s):
And so they, you know, when they discharged me, because it was due to a pre-existing, what do they call it? EPTS, existing prior to service, I had to wait two years and, and have proof that I fixed it before I could reenlist. And so my plan, and obviously this got back to ROTC too, that this had happened. So now that they're pissed at me too, my plan was to do, do the two years of college that I had left or whatever, and then go back in, which was ridiculous to think about. 'cause none of my actions lined up with that being my plan following this, I went back to the apartment my parents had stopped paying for in Auburn and holed up alone with a ton of alcohol and firearms.

4 (1h 17m 30s):
You a football fan? No, I'm not, I'm not either reason I was asked is, there's a Auburn player that lived diagonally above me who has went to the NFL and was actually a pretty big deal. Now I'm not gonna name him, but Alan has killed him by accident. Drunk with a pistol in my apartment. So Auburn Police Department came out and took all of my guns. That was my first interaction with the police since California. They didn't charge me with anything, but they put all my guns in a box. And what were you doing with the gun? So I had a, a party at my apartment. I had a whole bunch of people over drunk as shit. And it had this little Glock 26 that was unloaded and I was sitting on my, the island in my kitchen and I went to the bathroom or to get a beer or something.

4 (1h 18m 19s):
I come back and I look at it and the trigger's out and, you know, on a Glock when it's, when it's cocked, the trigger's out. So I thought somebody had just cocked my gun and I went to decock it. Somebody had put a fucking mag in it and chambered around. So yes, it was absolutely negligent discharge. I never should have pulled that trigger without checking the chamber. But I wasn't like just drunk playing with the gun except I was drunk playing with the gun. You know, it's a miracle I didn't kill anybody. The bullet went through my roof, through his wall and exited right next to his head on the couch. Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a, it was a miracle that nobody died. I mean, I, I I could've gone to prison right then.

4 (1h 19m 5s):
I remember doing a lot of LSD insurances over the next month or two and basically had a psychotic break, I guess, I don't know. Ended up going back home to my parents, that girl Rachel, that I had met at mep. What do you mean a psychotic break? My eng it was like a, a constant state of panic. Like if you've ever had a panic attack, you know, they'll last a few minutes, usually this last you for four days and no amount of alcohol would make it go away. So psychotic breaks is probably not the right word, but something happened and it was after i 10 hits of acid two days.

4 (1h 19m 48s):
What, what got you into the acid? Oddly enough, it was the kid that, that had that chambered the ran to that pistol. I just wanted to change the way I felt. And I would do anything I could, you know, I had, I had done acid previously in California, but never to that extent. Like I just ate a ton of it. And then we went picking showrooms. I mean, I lived right across from the, the Auburn Veterinary College fields where they have their llamas or al paass or something. We give pictures and I've always been fascinated by psychedelics. We could talk more about that. But the, the timing timeframe on all this is a blur.

4 (1h 20m 32s):
Just because I was, I was so fucked up man, completely outta my mind. Like my apartment looked like a hoarder lived in it. It was like the, there was no carpet. You could see nothing but beer cans. And eventually, you know, I got evicted. I don't remember that. But somehow I ended up back in Georgia and somehow Rachel, that girl from Destin that I'd met a year prior ended up in Georgia at my parents with me. I don't remember how that happened. I don't remember how, how she got back home. Do you talk to your parents about any of this stuff and try to fill in the blanks?

4 (1h 21m 16s):
Some, yeah, some definitely. This part right here, I haven't, I probably should honestly haven't even thought about this time period in my life until today in a really long time. You know, I mean, I, I hate talking about the fact that I, I failed at being in the infantry. I hate talking about the fact that I failed at, at being a college student. You know, I hate talking. My life is a constant series of failures up at this point. So I haven't really put a whole lot of thought into it. But there was a, like, I remember I spent a whole lot of time down in Dustin after I got out, after I got back from Fort Benning. I remember driving that 67 Camaro down to Dustin a lot. I remember drinking in Dustin a lot.

4 (1h 22m 1s):
So I really don't know how many of those gaps my parents could fill in because I wasn't, we weren't talking during that time period, I don't think. I think that they knew the wheels were falling off the bus, man. You know? And my mom learned a long time ago. Sometimes she's gotta love me from a distance to preserve her own mental health, which I can completely understand. I was having a lot of health problems from my drinking though. I was throwing up a lot of blood. I lost a whole lot of weight. You hear about college kids floating kegs and drinking a lot of beer and like, that's, that's very common.

4 (1h 22m 47s):
But I was next level when I say I was drinking two or three cases a day, I really mean that. So like 72 beers in a day. Yeah, I, I would hazard a guess. I was probably walking around at a constant 0.2 or 0.3 blood alcohol content. And as you'll hear in a little bit, my frame of reference for that's pretty good. I usually could tell what I was at. It was bad though. I wanted to die. I really did. And I just, I knew if I kept drinking, I would.

4 (1h 23m 29s):
And so that, that's what I was doing. That was your plan? That was the plan. I was gonna drink myself to death somehow. I ended up back in Georgia at my parents' house. My brother was there, some of his friends from high school were there. And I guess I had just shown up at their house drunk as shit. And I don't remember what happened, but I'm sure I picked a fight because I used to do that. And my brother had had enough and my dad had had enough. And I don't remember what happened, but I remember waking up in jail the next day with black eyes. Like I'd had to, hell beat outta me. And I was the one that went to jail because I'm, I'm sure I was the instigator, you know?

4 (1h 24m 12s):
So that's my first time going to jail. They charged me with, I guess, two counts of domestic battery. 'cause it was my dad and my brother. And then one count of felony terrorist threat, because apparently I said some really dumb shit to the police. They dropped those. I had an order of no contact with my parents. Oh, I had, I'm, I don't know if you've wondered this, but I'm drinking a very, like, large amount of alcohol. You're probably wondering how I was affording that somehow I had gotten credit cards and had paid them just enough to where I had a $30,000 credit limit. And I literally ran up like 20 grand in alcohol.

4 (1h 24m 55s):
So I bonded myself out of jail with my credit card. I don't even know if you could do that today. Like, I think they only take cash. I don't know, I should know this. Anyway, bought myself outta jail and I, you know, my parents had taken my car because I got pulled over going like 120 miles an hour with dope and guns in the car too. I never got caught for that. I just remembered that I had that girl from Florida in the car with me though. Anyway, they'd taken my car and sold it after I get arrested for that, you know, I'm, I'm banned from going to my parents' house. I've got an order of no contact with my parents, my brother and my brother's friend.

4 (1h 25m 41s):
And I somehow convinced a car dealership to sell me a vehicle and finance it. A truck. It was a GA 98 GMC four by four. And I convinced an apartment complex to lease me an apartment. A nice one. I had no income at all. How old are you at this point? 21. 21 years old. And of course I, I had no way of paying for this apartment, so the clock was ticking and I'm still drinking like a fish. I ended up meeting this guy named Rod, I think was his name, who did gutter cleaning in the apartments.

4 (1h 26m 25s):
And he offered me a job. Then he tried to pay me in meth, which was weird, but I took it anyway. And so now, now I'm addicted to meth, squatting in an apartment with the vehicle I'm not paying for, you know, a year prior I had been at Fort Benning trying to become an infantryman. And the year prior to that I was in college kicking ass. And now I'm squatting and addicted to meth and a raging alcoholic. Oh. And I'm out on bond. Like, it just, it went south so fast where it felt like it did, it's going south much faster as we get more into this. But somehow I even had internet in this apartment and I somehow had a computer in this apartment.

4 (1h 27m 14s):
I don't remember how I got these things, but I had them and I logged into, you remember a OL instant messenger. Okay, so I log into an old a IM account and my ex-girlfriend from when I was 12 and 13 and then again 16 and 17 from Mississippi messages me and the

12 (1h 27m 35s):
Same one you were pissed off about that you had to leave to go to California. One of the things we've been wanting to start on Patreon is deep dives into the guests. We found Ben and Jess's story so inspiring that we actually created a mini doc out of what they're doing right now. It's over on Patreon. You guys can go check it out. I've been wanting to do this for a long time and we finally have the team to be able to go and produce these things thanks to Patreon. I've talked about this on almost every show. I thank our Patreons. Without you guys, none of this would be possible.

12 (1h 28m 16s):
I'm so excited to bring this to you guys. I think you're gonna love it. I know you're gonna love it. And Ben, his story is so awesome. Flipping the trap houses into halfway houses. It's an amazing mini documentary on what they're doing right now. Like I said, we've found this story so inspiring. We're gonna start doing this with more and more guests that we have on the Shawn Ryan Show. Head over to Patreon right now. You can be the whole documentary

4 (1h 28m 48s):
Now the same timeframe, but it's a different girl. Okay. Me and this girl, our name's Aaron. You know, we've known each other since we were 12. I went to Sam Church. She actually wrote me letters when I was locked up in rehab in California, in Utah. She'd stayed in touch with my mom and had just been kind of like a constant positive influence over the years. When I moved back to Alabama 16 and 17, we dated long distance. And anyway, she messaged messages me on a IM and she's like, is this Ben? And I was like, yeah. And she didn't believe me. 'cause apparently she'd been trying to message me and kept getting one of my crazy girlfriends. And so I like, well fucking call me.

4 (1h 29m 29s):
So I pick up the phone, call her, and we talked for five minutes. And she's like, well look, I'm, I'm married, but I'm about to get divorced. Why don't you come up to North Carolina? I, I'm sitting there thinking in the back of my head, this bitch has no idea what she's getting into because like, she's good little church girl. Right? And I ended up, my credit cards are all almost maxed out at this point, but the clock's ticking. Like, I'm about to be homeless and my truck's gonna get repoed. And so I get the truck and I start driving to Charlotte, run outta gas. My credit cards declined. And I convinced somebody to fill my truck up with gas. I may get to Charlotte. Long story short, she's pregnant.

4 (1h 30m 11s):
And so that What do you mean, long story short to go into it? I went up there, I went up there and we spent two nights together. I get back down to Atlanta. I had I and what do you look like at this point? Absolute dog shit. Shaved head. It's cut everywhere. 'cause I tried to shave it with a, you know, a bick razor. I was thin as shit. Still raging, alcoholic. I, I looked like death warmed over in fact. And meth. Hmm? Meth. Yeah. And a meth dish. Yes. And meth. Now she had no idea about the meth or the alcohol, any of that. Even after you met her? Even after I met her, she just thought I was skinny. You know, you don't think she looked the other way? She could smell it on you.

4 (1h 30m 51s):
Well, so she did. She knew I was drinking. She was drinking too then, right? So like, that was acceptable. 'cause she didn't see what happens when I don't drink. I get sick as shit. She also didn't see me drinking at six o'clock in the morning. So I was able to hide it for a couple days. Now I remember how I had the computer. I had gotten a job selling merchant services, credit card processing over the phone to somebody. And so somebody provided me a computer. We had a deal go through. So I had a couple thousand dollars. I went and spent that time up there in Charlotte with her. Came back to my apartment and I'm trying to figure out how to, how to afford everything. How to start rebuilding my life. I hold up. What, what did you guys do up there? Just drank. Yeah. Have sex.

4 (1h 31m 31s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You just locked yourself in the room that it went to. Like a Holiday Inn. And, and yeah, that's, that's what we did. And I go back to Atlanta and it lasted two days. Two days. That's it. That's it. What ended it? Well, I had to go back to Atlanta because I lived there and we relat well actually ended it was, she said she's getting divorced. Her husband didn't know that part yet. He's about to, because like three weeks after I get back to Atlanta, she realizes she's pregnant and there's no way it's his, because they've been sleeping in different rooms and blah, blah, blah. So she has to tell him. And then she has to tell me, I may have misrepresented, I'm not actually in the middle of a divorce, but I'm gonna be now.

4 (1h 32m 15s):
And I ended up moving to Charlotte, moved in with her and her sister. I quit drinking cold Turkey. I quit meth the day I left Atlanta. I've never liked meth ever. You know, I, I did it 'cause it was there. Well mostly 'cause the guy tried to pay me in meth and I wanted at least something for my labor. So anyway, I, I quit drinking cold Turkey and it almost killed me. I got pancreatitis. I lost 40 pounds in a month. And, and keep in mind I'm already pretty thin. I didn't have that to lose. And I almost died. They didn't know what was wrong with me because I wasn't being truthful with any of the doctors about how much i I drank. And when I would try to be, they would discount it.

4 (1h 32m 56s):
They're like, well you're, you're, you're young. There's no way you could drink that much. You know? And so of course I took that and banked that. Like, see even the doctor says I can't drink that much, you know, just in case I wanna start drinking again. But I got sober and I stayed that way. Jackson, our oldest child was born Aaron files for divorce. And I get a job in Charlotte after I heal up and, and I can eat and keep food down and I'm gaining weight again. I get a job at How long did that take? I was, I was, I was bedridden for 30 days.

4 (1h 33m 37s):
Took about 30 days to get through that. Yeah, well, no, it took about 60 to fully to recover from it all in. But I, I couldn't get outta bed for 30 days. And I didn't realize this then. But what does the girl think that you can't get outta bed in 30 days? Well, she knew I had pancreatitis and I'd gotten honest with her about the drinking too. Why did you quit drinking? Because I knew I had a, I had a son coming. So that cleaned you up? That cleaned me up. Yeah. You know, I, I didn't wanna be a piece of shit and I didn't wanna die anymore. I wanted to, to do. Right. And and she was supportive. Oh yeah. She knew when, when we got together, you know, 'cause she'd been there through California and Utah. She'd, she knew I, I had battled addiction and she knew I battled well.

4 (1h 34m 21s):
She thought I was bipolar. We, we all thought I was bipolar still at the time. So she knew what she was getting into. What, what? Why? I mean, you're saying this is a, a good Yeah. Church girl. She, were you a project? What was this? She was convinced from the time we met that we were meant to be together. Why? I don't know. She never told you? She just, I was her one. I was her one. And you know, from my perspective, I'd had nothing but crazy psychos all the way up to this point. And she like wants to have a family and cook me dinner and, and be sweet to me.

4 (1h 35m 2s):
And she doesn't, you know, get mad and hit me. And it was great from my perspective too, you know, it, it seemed great. And so I quit drinking and we got through that. I got a job. She had a job. She was in school. Now are you talking to your parents at this point? I didn't talk to 'em the whole time I was sick. They didn't know where I was. They just knew that apartment. My mom came and saw me the night before I left and just sobbed because I looked so bad. When did the restraining order lift? So that case got adjudicated. They gave me diversion. They dropped the felony terrorist threat and they gave me diversion, which I completed through community service at the Red Cross in North Carolina.

4 (1h 35m 48s):
They let me move my probation up there. So it got deleted at, there's no criminal record associated with it. Like it's, it's like it never happened. As soon as I took that deal, the restraining order was lifted. But my parents and I had already been talking because after I moved to Charlotte, I didn't know this, but Lauren, Aaron's sister had called my parents to say, you know, hey, just want you to know Ben's here. He's trying to get sober. He's alive. Aaron's the girl. Aaron's the girl, Lauren's her sister. So my parents knew where I was. I didn't know they knew that though. I thought I had just gone no contact. And that was my plan. I was, I was gonna go no contact until I could come back with something saying, here's what I've done. You know, I'm not a piece of shit.

4 (1h 36m 28s):
See? And so I was looking at getting back into school. I was working this job, this guy who did electronics, recycling, like paying me like $7 an hour or something ridiculous. But as I'm watching the way this business operates, I notice a lot of stuff goes in the dumpster that looks like it's like probably valuable, like computer servers and hard disk drives and all sorts of stuff like this. I started talking to 'em about it. You come to find out the way their business operates, they do asset recover. So if, if you lease, let's say you lease these lights and these microphones from somebody, well the person you lease from is writing that off.

4 (1h 37m 10s):
And then when it's done with, they're supposed to throw it away or give it to an electronics recycler. So the guy's explaining to me all of this stuff's already paid for, I don't give a shit. It's going in my dumpster. And I was like, well, could I list it on eBay and take a cut of it? And he is like, go ahead. Your idea is dumb, but go ahead. The idea was not dumb. I started like printing money. It was going really well. And my parents decided that I had been doing good enough to go back to college and they were gonna help. We had a kid now. And so I moved from How did they feel about the kid? They were just overjoyed. They were, they were happy about it at first. But the fact that it was with Aaron and my parents have known Aaron, you know, since she was a little girl.

4 (1h 37m 51s):
They know Aaron's mom. You know, like they were, they, they thought this is the turnaround Ben needed. And I did too. I really did. I think we all thought that the, the hopes were high. Let's put it that way. You know, Ben finally has some stability. Had there, had there ever been any more discussion about the abortion? No. Never came up? Never since. No. I mean, I, I talked to Aaron a lot about it. 'cause it, it ate me alive dude. It ate me alive for a long time. So you and your mom have not spoken about the abortion since this happened? Still to this day? To this day. Probably. Probably should. It's one of those things that kind of blocked out until I started telling you my story. You know, it, it's just, it hurts.

4 (1h 38m 36s):
I can't go back and change that. You think you'll talk about it now? I think I need to. I think I need to up, I think I need to up it one fucking time ago too. Up. How will you bring it up? Oh, I got a really good excuse now. Hey mom, guess what? All that slip on the Shawn Ryan Show. We should talk about this before it airs. Yeah, I know. So I, I guess it wasn't entirely true. We, we did talk about it once and my mom told me that she went inside with Amber. And Amber was much further along than she would've been if it was mine.

4 (1h 39m 17s):
Now I don't know if my mom told me that to make me feel better or to make herself feel better or if that's reality. And I doubt very much that Amber's alive for me to track down and find out. So I had forgotten that we did talk about that. Have you ever tried to track her down? No. No. Oddly enough that ex that I went nuts over, hit me up on LinkedIn like two months ago, or I guess it was a year ago, said, Hey, I'm getting divorced, what are you doing? And I was like, I am not getting divorced and you can get out of my fucking dms. Ah, I've had a few exes pull up. It'll pop up. Tell me I'm getting divorced. Hell even here Anyway.

4 (1h 40m 2s):
Yeah, you could tell that abortion still eats at me. It does a lot. I used to get drunk about that a lot. But I think part of me was using it as an excuse. It does bother me. I can tell. But I, I would take any excuse I could just to not have to be responsible for my behavior. And I think we, we run into that with a, a lot of addicts and alcoholics, especially in the Veteran community. And that's maybe a controversial topic, but I think in society's efforts to understand especially what combat vets have gone through, we might have incentivized some of them to adopt a victim mentality.

4 (1h 40m 55s):
I'm not gonna disagree with that. I've talked about it several times on here. Well, and I think for most people that would be okay. But when you're dealing with an addict or an alcoholic, victims don't recover, victims die. And that's the stark truth. And so I don't know what the answer is to that. And that's a rabbit hole. I just took us home. But it's a fact man. You know, when we're trying to get, anyway, keep going. We're trying to get vets who are battling alcoholism and addiction out of the gutter and to take responsibility for their lives. I'm gonna, I'm gonna preface this with, I don't know what the answer is, but I do know what part of the problem is.

4 (1h 41m 35s):
And we have all of these Veteran specific recovery groups and these Veteran specific rehabs. So these are great. Somebody's getting paid out the ass to make that. And the only way they stay open is if they keep convincing vets they're gonna recover different and keep getting vets into their programs. Veterans, especially combat veterans do need special treatment when it comes to certain things. You know, when we're talking about combat trauma, moral injury, yeah. Yeah. That is something very niche and you need specific help from veterans with that. But when we're talking about alcoholism and addiction, bro, you recover just like everybody else does. The same 12 steps that have worked for 90 years are gonna work for you too. You just gotta work. And not everybody has to go through 12 steps.

4 (1h 42m 17s):
Plenty of people get sober without that stuff. But it's the ones that think that they're in, in the room, as we call it, terminally unique. And it is terminal. If you think you're special and different than another addict or an alcoholic, the chances of you being able to lean on their experience, strength and hope to get better, it, it's cut infinitesimally small because you're, you're nullifying their experience and thinking it can't help you just because they don't have some of the other experiences you have. And I don't know that I'm the right guy to take that conversation to the masses. 'cause I'm barely even a Veteran and I'm definitely not a combat Veteran, but I'm just speaking from experience. We, we've seen this time and again with vets that, that wanna hold on to that, what makes them special and they are special.

4 (1h 42m 58s):
They're less than 1% of the population. They're special. But when it comes to getting off dope or putting down a bottle, no, you can't be special in that regard. Yeah. We just had a conversation about this last night on, on our Patreon live chat and it was with a firefighter and you know, I think, I don't think I know, I mean, being a seal is something I did contracting for the agency is something I did. Being a firefighter is something you did. Being a cop is something you did.

4 (1h 43m 39s):
But you know, when in a combat vet it something you did, it doesn't define who the fuck you are. That's not you. That's something you did. And so many of us, me included, you know, I did it. You wrap that up into your identity. Yeah, the line gets blurred and understandably so. But it's still there, you know, and it's, it's still a massive impediment to vets that are trying to get sober. They've got, they've gotta shred that or shed the victim mentality, you know, and it's hard, it's hard to tell somebody that we're into it. Trafficking survivors too, the same mentality and the same incentivization to maintain victim hood gets pushed on them.

4 (1h 44m 24s):
It gets pushed. Well, I think, I think they think they can't do anything else. You know? I don't think it's just Yes. Victim mentality. Yes. Now there is definitely the victim mentality. I see it all the time. You see it all the time. I think there's a lot of commonalities with this stuff, you know, that, that go into that. But probably with trafficking victims as well, I'm not, I don't have as much insight into that, but you know, you, you get because it be, it be, it's not just a job, you know, it's, it's a, it's a lifestyle, it's a culture. It's a, it's your identity. It's a 24 7, 365 job. Yep. And your identity becomes wrapped up in that you lose sight of who you really are.

4 (1h 45m 4s):
And then when you, when you wrap your identity up into that and, and it it, you allow it to become part of you when that role is over, you think that you lose your entire sense of who you are. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, people get wrapped up in it. They, they can't, they can't set that down and go, Hey, this is something I did, now it's time to move on. Yeah. It's the war's over, you're too old to go back. It's, it's, it's, it's done well. It's so you can't keep living like, like you're living, like you're going back or going to fight another fire or going to solve another crime or going to fight another crime.

4 (1h 45m 52s):
You gotta treat it just like any other life, I think. I think that's your job. You know, I think a lot of, same with with trafficking victims, you know, that that is, that's a, that's a lifestyle. Yep. That is a lifestyle of sex parties, all that kind of stuff, you know, and, and, and you just can't carry that with you. And, and people think it's impossible. A lot of people think it's, you know, I, I'll never, I I don't, you know, how are these skills gonna transfer over? They're not gonna fucking transfer over. You mean you don't get to shoot people in the face Every day anymore. Yeah. They're not gonna transfer over. And, but you have to, you have to find who you are.

4 (1h 46m 33s):
You have to find who you are. You have to develop, you know, new hobbies, a hundred percent new interests. And I mean, look, if I, me coming outta the seal teams or me coming outta contracting for the CIA, I sure as shit didn't think I'd be sitting here broadcasting. But, you know, and I, and that's what I did. You know, IIII went into tactics and then I didn't like teaching tactics. I, I just, it was the thing I did and then didn't have to be, and then I threw a bunch of, tried a bunch of different things, you know, and I didn't like this, didn't like this. I kinda like this. Lemme try it again.

4 (1h 47m 13s):
Lemme try it again. And then it changes, man. You, you have to, you have to be willing to like put that shit bes behind you and think of it as, that was a segment of my life. That's not who I am. That's over. Now let's move on to the next thing. And it takes time. You can't just make that decision, you know, immediately and go, oh, now I'm gonna be, I want to do this. It takes time to figure out who the fuck you are and what you like doing and what new interests are. And you have to be open to accept those new interests, to develop who you're going to become.

4 (1h 47m 54s):
Absolutely. Rather than living with who you were or who you thought you were. Well, and that's what I'm saying, that's who you thought you were. And even, even even back to the first born, you know, impressing the parents thing. I mean, that was a, that was a huge burden on me for a long time. And like, it's just this, this, it's, it's, it's this pressure and I mean, it, it wasn't who I was man. But we do it to ourselves though. We do it to ourselves. It's this self-imposed prison. Yeah. And once you realize that you're free to redefine, you know, to identify, to find that thing that gives you purpose. Again, you, how do you say his last name?

4 (1h 48m 34s):
Es Chris Es, fetis. Fetis. Chris Fetis, you and him had a great conversation about that, about finding purpose and, and, and life after any of those roles that used to identify who we are, you know, and that's really what it comes down to. And I've noticed that to be especially true for vets. So while I, I just had a rant about trying to get vets sober. I've got, I've got something positive to add to that. You take a Veteran who is struggling with alcoholism or addiction and you find them purpose, bro, they're gonna change the world. I mean fast too. You've just gotta help 'em find that purpose. Let's move on. Alright, so we're in Charlotte, North Carolina.

4 (1h 49m 16s):
Aaron has had, jacks my oldest child. I'm sober. I'm working, I've started up the side hustle on eBay. That's going pretty good. And my parents decide that, you know, since Ben's a father now and, and is getting married, Ben needs a college degree. And, and I was very excited to hear that. I don't know why my parents decided to show back up for me the way they, that, that they did, because I never in a million years could have expected this from 'em. But they, they put us in a house in Huntsville, Alabama and basically made sure all of our basic needs were covered.

4 (1h 49m 56s):
And I, I took out student loans and Aaron and I both went to college, school went really well. I was, I was working during school. I was kicking ass. I think I had like a 3.8 GPAI switched to business because engineering, you know, with everything I had going on just wasn't gonna happen. I needed to graduate quick and, and get a job. And yet again, I decided to follow my dad's footsteps, surprise, surprise and, and set my eyes on a job with Pfizer because I loved the life he'd been able to provide for us, you know, even though I didn't appreciate it at the time.

4 (1h 50m 36s):
So I wanted to go following his footsteps at Pfizer kicking ass in business school. My granddaddy, the one that picked me up from Fort Benning was oddly enough battling a myotrophic lateral sclerosis, Lou Gary's disease. And was nearing the end of, of his life with that, you know, it's always terminal and it's very rare for somebody to get it at his age. He was in his seventies and my grandmother, his wife of 50 years had Alzheimer's and they were both getting close to the end. That was one of the reasons we moved back to Taliban, was to be close to them. And I've always been extremely close to both of them. My grandparents, I mean, I, they were probably my two favorite people ever.

4 (1h 51m 19s):
And Gran died. He did get to meet Jackson and I started drinking again. And really what I, I did was kind of fucked up. I I said I was gonna quit for a year. Let's walk it all the way back. You started drinking again right after your grandpa's death. Yep. Let's just walk through that decision making process there. There really is not a decision making process involved in this one.

4 (1h 52m 0s):
You're sober for a year at this point. I was sober for a year and, and I, I told Aaron and Lauren back in Charlotte that I was gonna quit drinking for a year. This year has passed and now I have an excuse my, my favorite person on earth just died. My normal person can drink over that. I'm a normal person now. You see, I put the alcohol down for a year voluntarily. That makes me normal. That was the, the fucked up thinking I was using. And I mean, I knew full well in the back of my mind. I was not gonna be able to maintain. Where did you go? This is gas station, right street.

4 (1h 52m 41s):
Yeah. And as I started drinking again, and oddly enough, I, I did hold it together. I mean, I was making all my classes. My kid was well taken care of. My yard was perfectly manicured at the house my parents were paying for. I was making it, you know, I was working two jobs sometimes over the breaks. I would work 12 hour shifts, seven days a week for 30 days straight in a factory making good money, but drinking. And my parents found out, I guess Aaron had told them, or maybe I, they found a beer bottle or something, I don't know. And just raised holy hell outta the fact that I was drinking again.

4 (1h 53m 22s):
And I broke it down. Like I don't see what the problem is. I'm look at all of what I'm doing despite the fact that I'm drinking. Like what's, what's the big deal? Obviously my parents know what the big deal is. I'm a raging alcoholic. It doesn't matter what I'm able to maintain. I'm only gonna maintain that until I can't. And the day when I can't is going to come. It always does. Aaron ends up getting pregnant again. We're still in college, so Jacob's on the way and we had a huge blow up about my drinking. And so my petty response to that was like, fine, I'll quit for two years this time.

4 (1h 54m 2s):
And that's what I did. And so I put it back down and Jacob was born and life was great. I was going to college, you know, I was doing really good. And then I get sick again. Like the pancreatitis had came back when I quit drinking or something. We couldn't figure it out. The doctors couldn't figure it out. I lose a shit load of weight. I end up going over to my parents' house in Georgia and they take me to some specialist over there who figures out I have literally pickled my gallbladder. I drank an organ out of my body.

4 (1h 54m 42s):
So they removed the gallbladder in 2005 and then realized I'd done a lot of other damage to my GI tract, the drinking, all the times I've been throwing up blood. And so they do another operation called a nien procedure, which is supposed to be for reflux, but they were trying to undo damage. I'd done, I was supposedly the youngest person in the state of Alabama to ever have that surgery done. But I, I'd stopped drinking. I'd had two abdominal surgeries, which are extremely painful. And so they had me on a lot of pain pills, which I, I don't know that I was addicted to 'em, but I sure loved them.

4 (1h 55m 22s):
And I was taking, like, as prescribed, you know, I wasn't taking extra, but I definitely developed a taste for opiates during this time period. I ended up graduating college and getting hired on at Pfizer as a sales rep. They moved us to Memphis. That's how I ended up in Memphis. The drinking culture at Pfizer, or really anywhere in corporate America. It's not a great place for an incognito alcoholic to be. And I was not doing meetings. I just stopped drinking. Right? So, you know, it, it was just a matter of time. And it started pretty fast, right back to drinking Every day, right back to drinking at six o'clock in the morning to the point that they figured it out at Pfizer training and put me out on short term disability for being an alcoholic.

4 (1h 56m 16s):
I'm like, that seems retarded. The, the way this works at Pfizer, at the time, if you're on short-term disability, you still get paid and you're not allowed to work at all. And I thought that was the, the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. I was excited to be working. I I came outta Pfizer training with like one of the highest test scores ever. They hired me to sell pain management meds and an inhaled insulin that ended up bombing a couple of years later. But I, I excelled in the training. Like all that medical love had come back. I've got a job explaining to doctors the pharmacokinetics of, you know, different drugs.

4 (1h 56m 59s):
And it, it was awesome. I wanted to work and they wouldn't let me because I had this drinking problem. And we've just moved to Memphis. We're in a new city, we don't know anybody, you know, and I did get to work a little bit out in the field and do my actual job before the chips saw, came falling down on this shit. And I end up getting, what's the word I wanna say, alcoholic psychosis. But it was worse than that. Benicky cor coughs. It's supposed to be permanent brain damage from the amount I was drinking. And it was so bad that the neurologist that was telling us about this told Aaron that she needed to start taking videos of me and the kids so that I would remember them.

4 (1h 57m 45s):
Because pretty soon, I'm, I'm not, my brain is turning into Swiss cheese from the amount of alcohol I'm consuming and that if I ever drink again, I'm, I'm gonna die. And I refused to accept that I, I backed off of my drinking. 'cause I was having very bad memory problems, very bad. Like it was frightening, scaring shit on me. Like I, I did believe the doctors that I might have the memory thing. I didn't believe I was gonna die if I drank a gun. This was in early 2007. I'm not wanting to accept I'm an alcoholic, you know, outside looking in, bro, you were 25 years old or whatever I was.

4 (1h 58m 26s):
And you drink an organ outta your body. Like that's, that's a, a clue. You know, if, if you're any age and you drink until you're puking up blood, you're not a person that should drink. So outside looking in, I think the whole world knows Ben's a raging alcoholic, everybody. But Ben accepts this and I was still obsessed with the fact that no, I'm just, I'm a real man. I can drink. And we ended up at my parents' house, it's Easter Sunday of 2007. And they tried to do an intervention with me and I wanted absolutely nothing to do with that at all. You know, I got two kids in the house, I'd, I'd gotten off disability at this point and been in the field absolutely kicking ass, like overselling quotas left and right, set in sales records like I'm, I deserve a goddamn drink.

4 (1h 59m 22s):
Y'all can fuck off. You know, I'm off to a hotter start than my dad was at. This is the way I'm looking at this. And so I left the house real pissed off and I hit Scottsboro, Alabama going about 130 in a car, flipped single car accident. I was buckled and my seat broke on the second or third flip. And I went out the rear windshield going over a hundred miles an hour. And I remember flying, you know, through the air and like I had time to cognitively think I need to make sure I land on my feet. And right about that time, my face hit the, the grass in the media and I had road burn all over my head.

4 (2h 0m 3s):
I bounced, flipped into over end several times. I ended up breaking my pelvis in three places, which, if you're not familiar with pelvic fractures, it's extremely dangerous. All your organs sit in your pelvis. My left leg, the one that I'd screwed up in the army and in football, was completely demolished. Half of my tibia is now bone filler. They had to reconstruct the, the tibial plateau plates in there. That's a few other broken bones. That was it for me. I got sober that day.

4 (2h 0m 44s):
And, and it would've stayed it if I had just done this is 2007. If I had done in 2007 what they'd been telling me to do since 1997, which you go to fucking meetings like you're not special. This is a problem. Lots of people have. You go to these meetings, they make you better. If I'd have been willing to do that, I'd have stayed sober from Easter Sunday 2007. And me and you wouldn't be sitting here right now. I, I decided to leave Pfizer. I was gonna do everything other than go to meetings though I was not gonna drink. I even quit cigarettes. I quit every mental health medication they had me on. I was drunk when I wreck the car. I was also on Klonopin, which was prescribed to me.

4 (2h 1m 25s):
I was also on Xanax, which is prescribed. Why I'm on both of those at the same time is beyond me. I'm on like a hundred milligrams of Adderall a day. Like I'm on all the dope state. Trooper saw how fucked up I was and was like, pretty sure you're taking some stuff you're not supposed to, but I'm not charging you. You know? And I was like, that's it, that's, you know, God just winked at me. I'm taking it, I'm taking it and I'm fixing my life. So I quit smoking cigarettes. I quit all the, the meds and, and I got sober. I decided to leave Pfizer because the drinking culture was too bad and I, as good as I was doing there, I should be making a lot more money. And so I started looking into getting a job in medical device sales.

4 (2h 2m 8s):
And that ended up being exactly what I did. I got a job selling medical devices. I interviewed for several ones in women's health space. One was in trauma selling the exact plate that was in my leg. And then cardiac is where I found my passion. So not a cardiovascular surgeon, but I'm getting to sell cardiac devices in the cath lab. Cardiologist, an electrophysiologist. I'm getting to nerd out on all this cool stuff. And I was making money hand over fist. I think I made like two 30 that year at 25, 20, 26 years old. Like I was doing really good. And then we had a, a company-wide meeting in Chicago.

4 (2h 2m 48s):
And I hadn't, like Pfizer does all these functions. It's impossible to not be around everybody being drunk when you work at pharmaceutical company. Medical advice is a little different. Territories are much more spread out. And so I hadn't been exposed to that. We had the meeting in Chicago and I realized I'm in the same fucking environment I was at Pfizer, except it's even worse. They were like harassing me for not drinking. And I ended up getting into it. Their VP of sales pretty big, pretty bad. And I was like, I can't, I can't stay here. And that was just as well because they started telling us to commit Medicare fraud change billing codes so that they would cover our devices and some other stuff that I knew was extremely illegal.

4 (2h 3m 32s):
Asked a question and they terminated me, which is fine 'cause I wanted that to happen. Anyway, now a few years later, they ended up getting fined I think $21 million by the Office of Inspector General for exactly what I asked the question about. So whatever, what was the question? Is it not Medicare fraud to change this diagnosis from palpitations to conduction delay, unspecified knowing full well that yes, they mean the same thing, but Medicare will only pay for conduction delay, unspecified non palpitations. And I sent that in an email with those exact words. They knew I was firing shots at 'em. Like I'm telling you, I know you were, you were breaking federal law right now and I'm not gonna do it. And I want you to reply to this email and tell me in writing that you want me to do it.

4 (2h 4m 16s):
Two of us sent that email. My buddy actually was the whistleblower that got a few million dollars on when they got fined. I went back to that little side hustle ahead. I, 'cause I wanted to, I wanted to start my own business. I wanted to be self-employed. This is the only way in my mind I could, I could stay sober the way Ben had to stay sober, which is I need to just work for myself and create my own culture at my job. And so I ended up, I ended up making a lot of eBay listings of some computer and server gear that I'd had laying around. But it's dawning on me. Like I just went from making a lot of money to zero income. My wife is a stay at home mom.

4 (2h 4m 57s):
I have two kids, you know, I'm, I'm t-ball coach, I'm Cub Scout leader. Like I got a lot of responsibilities and no money coming in. So I'm going through my garage, like trying to figure out what can I do, what can I do, what can I do? And there's a broken flat screen TV in my garage. I was like, I'm gonna find a screen and fix that thing and sell it. 'cause this is back when like a 37 inch TV was $2,000 or whatever they were. And I get on eBay and there's literally no screens for these TVs anywhere. And I'm like, well that's weird. There's no aftermarket parts available. Me being me always thinking of a hustle. I took the TV apart and listed all the parts on eBay for sale.

4 (2h 5m 39s):
It was working. 'cause I knew they worked. The only thing that was wrong with that TV was the scream was broken. Wake up the next day and there's 400 bucks in my PayPal account. I had sold every part out of that TV that was basically from a dumpster overnight. And so I went to a TV parts place in Memphis, or a TV repair shop in Memphis and asked them if I could buy broken screen TVs from 'em. And they're like, why would you wanna do that? And I told 'em, they're like, we could. We need a new source parts. That's a great idea. And so I then next thing I know, I'm buying broken TVs from every repair shop in Memphis. I'm running ads on Craigslist and buying broken TVs. I started this business in my garage in 2009.

4 (2h 6m 19s):
That's when everything fell apart with the medical device companies oh nine. And by 2011, I had a 7,500 square foot warehouse and a dozen employees. Wow. It grew quick, man. I had my first website built. I got on Shopify in 2010. I, or maybe 2009. They had like 34 employees and we're renting space from somebody else. They didn't have their own office back then. They know Shopify's massive now. And so I stayed sober that whole time. I didn't even start smoking cigarettes again. I'm off all the mental health meds and I've realized there's nothing wrong with my brain. I'm just a high stress person that does have a DHD and high anxiety sometimes.

4 (2h 7m 1s):
But everything was going really good. My dad, well, lemme back up. We had Lily, Erin wanted to try again for a girl. And so we got her. Lily and Erin is not great at taking medication on schedule. So birth control being one of those. A year after Lily was born, we had twin boys. So three kids in a year. But I, I don't care. I mean, I'm making good money. Like everything's going good. I'm excited. My dad ended up getting cut from Pfizer a couple years before that and he'd gone into business with one of his old buddies.

4 (2h 7m 41s):
And I guess it was they were having some financial stream. They moved into the house next door to us. My dad actually worked for me briefly, and I don't remember exactly when it was in 2011, but some stuff happened between my parents and I don't want to get into it, but the, the hall holding my parents on a pedestal thing, it kind of got ripped away. And, but you don't wanna go into it.

4 (2h 8m 21s):
Let's put it this way. They came, they came real close to getting divorced. And I, I saw a different side of a lot of things that fucked me up to my core and both of them. Yeah. And, and I didn't have anybody to talk to about that. I didn't know who to go to. I didn't know how to deal with it. And I ended up drinking, what year is this? 2011. And the really bad part about that is that it, I, nothing bad happened. It went okay. And so me and Erin decided that, you know, maybe, maybe I wasn't an alcoholic after all.

4 (2h 9m 3s):
'cause she'd missed drinking. You know, Erin's not an alcoholic. Like she was a social drinker and she'd missed it for the next six months. You know, I'm, I'm enjoying my single malt scotch and smoking cigars and making crazy money at this TV parts business. You know, I'm on top of the world, dude. And then I wanna say it was like November, December of 2011, a leg starts acting up, the one that I got the plate in and it swells up and it is like, just nasty, gnarly looking.

4 (2h 9m 43s):
I ended up having a methyl resistant staph infection that had recurred. Now this had happened before it came back and it was really, really bad. Like they were talking about potentially I was gonna be an above knee amputee if it moved anymore. And I'm freaking the fuck out. They got me on a lot of pain medication and I'm, I'm drinking again. You know, and that's not a good combination. I wasn't abusing the pain medication, but I have a really high tolerance to opiates. And we've already established I'm, I'm bad about manipulating doctors. And so I convinced my doctor that I needed a lot more than I needed.

4 (2h 10m 28s):
So I was physically addicted to prescribed pain kit pain pills. Which ones? Percocet at first? Percocet at first, speaking of above knee amputations. I actually had an amputee living on my couch at this point. He had come back from Iraq, lost a leg and ended up addicted to Oxycodone prescribed by the va. We'd given him a job, got him off of our couch and moved him into the house next door to us. My parents had moved out and he had been clean. Like, he went through rehab and he's rebuilding his life and I'm being an absolute asshole at work.

4 (2h 11m 13s):
And I realize it's these fucking pain pills. And so I flushed him down the toilet and he saw me do it. And he looked at me like I was a crazy person. And I was like, what? You know, I just, I literally just cussed at a guy that spent $90,000 with me in the last 18 months. I can't, I can't do this. And he goes, he, he just laughed. And then it hit me. I am physically addicted to these things and I'm about to find out what it means to be dope sick. And sure as shit I did about eight hours later I could not move. And then come Sergeant Deton with a little blue pill that he'd gotten from the va. And that was the first time I ever took one of the 30 milligram Roxies. And I was better like that. I say better.

4 (2h 11m 54s):
I was addicted to something much, much stronger. So it started out with the prescribed pain pill habit and it progressed to somebody else's prescription. And then it progressed even worse than that to what? So I went back and forth with the pain pill addiction for probably all of 2012. And it, it made me realize this drinking problem's getting worse quickly. And so I went to Rehab detox anyway in Georgia. On your own accord. Oh yeah. I wanted it, you know, but I still had this air of entitlement about me, you know, I own a business.

4 (2h 12m 36s):
I've housed a homeless Veteran. I given him a job, you know, I only drink single month scotch. You know, I'm, I'm bougie. And so I had to go to this expensive ass place where Steve River owned and Bur Reynolds got cleaned and I wasn't gonna file it on insurance either, because I also have started up Black rifle and Brush fire tactical and these other tactical e-commerce brands. I don't want my name, I don't anybody know. And I'm, I'm an alcoholic. You had, you had already started all these other companies. 2012. Yeah, I started those up on Shopify. This is before Shopify said you can't sell guns on here. So, so what was black rifle code? But it was a, a gun eCommerce. So not actual firearms, just parts, accessories and ammunition.

4 (2h 13m 17s):
Most of it was drop ship. We would warehouse some of it and ship it out and just like their damn TV parts. And what was the other company? Brush Fire Tactical. We had several of 'em. We had two testicles tactical, which was hilarious. We had, what did they sell? It was all the same. Every, every, every brand sold the same stuff. I was playing with branding to see which one I could get to go viral. So basically you just bided you created a business model out of the electronics industry to Exactly right. And brought that into firearms. Yeah, a hundred percent. And, and the, the progression happened. Sorry, I was so stuck on telling you about the, the drugs and alcohol. I forgot that part. At re tech, that was the name of the, the TV parts company and it was doing really well.

4 (2h 14m 1s):
But I don't give a shit about TVs. I love firearms. You know, I was trying to figure out a way to spin this into firearms or muscle cars or something that I'm passionate about. And so I discovered drop shipping. How, how many companies were you running? Like five at any given time, but they were all running outta the same thing. And the way I look at it, so even though they're different entities, the business model is very similar for all of them. Now, tactical and TV parts are different. 'cause the TV parts you're having to buy truckloads of broken televisions, literal, you know, 53 foot truckloads. A lot of labor goes into testing and stripping. But then after that it's just pulling parts off of shelf, sticking 'em in boxes and shipping to the right person. That second half is identical for the, the gun parts pulling part off the shelf, sticking the box to make sure it gets the right person.

4 (2h 14m 45s):
So I'm able to use the same labor on part as far as the fulfillment side goes. And we'd learned about drop shipping in, in the TV parts because you can drop ship electronics and that's where you're selling something. You don't even have, you're buying it wholesale from a third party warehouse who then ships it directly to your customer. It's super convenient and you take the margin, right? And so we'd gotten into that some on the electronics side of things. And then that, that was what we built. Black rifle brush fired Triple T, all of those brands around was the drop shipping model. And it was really, I was just wanting to see on the branding side, like, and it was weird. All the products was the same, all the staff is the same, but they were like diehard customers of triplet that would get into arguments on social media with customers from black.

4 (2h 15m 29s):
Like it was hilarious. Like you, it's all me like know anyway. And it was weird 'cause like I'd make prices higher on one and it had lower on the other and watch it. I don't know. It was fun. It was like a game to me. But it went really well for a long time until like mid 2012. The drinking was getting outta hand and I was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pay cash outta pocket to go to this boujee place in Georgia where Burt s got sober. I'm there six days and now how well are you doing? Are you a millionaire? I had gotten a, a buyout offer that was over 2 million. I did not take it. I should have, I should have, I had over a million in inventory, well over a million in inventory.

4 (2h 16m 12s):
I'd bought a 68 GTO restored it with the kids. It's it, we converted it to electronic fuel injection. Ran like a scalded dog, man. We had it cammed out. It was such a badass car. How were you with being a dad? How was I with being a dad? Yeah. So my kids had never, at this point never seen me drunk. Not once, never seen me smoke a cigarette. I'm still coaching T-ball, I'm coaching soccer, I'm leading Cub Scouts. I don't sleep much back then. I would be good on four or five hours, you know, so I was like dad of the damn year. Not just to my kids, but to other kids in the neighborhood too. Like I was doing great outside looking in. You know, Aaron knew the reality that I was really, really struggling.

4 (2h 16m 55s):
So you're running five companies? Yeah. You got how many kids? Four kids. I had five at this point. Five kids a husband, t-ball coach, Cub Scouts. Scouts. Yeah. Ain't going to church every Sunday. Ain't going to church every Sunday. Had a massive drinking problem. Yeah. So when would you fit in the drinking at night? All the time. Do you think your kids never saw you drunk or they actually never saw you drunk? They actually never saw me drunk up at at this point. They never did. So when would you do it? All the time. But here's the thing, I I, I would, I would converse just like this without slurring or anything legally drunk.

4 (2h 17m 39s):
So I, I take that back. They saw me drunk. They never saw me act drunk. Like I, I was drinking all the time, but they wouldn't necessarily see me like they'd ever see me with a beer. I was drinking scotch and I was going through like two bottles of McAllen, 12 a day at this point. And it was getting bad fast. So there were like, how's your wife? Does your wife know this? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And she knows it's getting outta hand again. What's she saying to you? Like begging me to go get help, begging me to go to rehab. Can we please tell your parents? Can we please call your parents? Can we please tell your parents? So hold on. You're telling me your kids never saw you drunk? You could converse without slurring. You're basically a high functioning drunk.

4 (2h 18m 20s):
Yeah. Or the same token. You're telling me that Aaron is begging you to go to rehab 'cause it's getting bad. So these are like, let me explain this. Okay. You know, so after kids, after the kids go to bed, there is no more speaking without slurring. I'm blacked out like, okay, plastered after the kids go to bed. I also can't get out of my bed in the morning without drinking because if I do, I'm puking up bile. So I have to have a drink just to get outta bed. But once I have that first drink, I'm just as normal as I am right now until I have too much. Which doesn't usually happen until the kids go go to bed. I do wanna clarify, the only reason the kids never saw me sloppy is because Aaron shielded them from a lot of this.

4 (2h 19m 2s):
The woman deserves a fucking medal. Like she hid so much of this, which was a double-edged sword because in a couple years it's gonna catch 'em really off guard when I start getting in trouble. But she never let them see that. So they were very sheltered and shielded from it. So even though it was happening, they never saw it. But I, I mean I was pretty d and you're on opiates. Those were off and on it, the infection came back two or three times, 2011, 12 and 13. And each time that it comes back, it's gonna get worse. The drinking is an immediate problem because I'm puking up blood again.

4 (2h 19m 43s):
And so we finally did tell my parents, my mom came and got me and she took me to this place in Georgia and I was supposed to sit there for six weeks. The whole thing. I'm gonna do medical detox and stay for rehab, you know, and I've been to plenty of rehabs already up to this point. Like I skipped a few in here by accident before Aaron. This is gonna be the first time I've gone since Aaron, since I had kids. Six days in Aaron calls. And the business is falling apart. Nobody is able to run it without me there, which is a hundred percent my fault.

4 (2h 20m 25s):
I did not build a business that could exist in my absence. And I knew that. And, and part of it was fear because I'm a, I was a control freak. And part of it was I was too busy drinking than teaching somebody to rape. Run it in my absence. So I leave detox, I, I completed detox. I leave without going to the rehab, which I knew was a bad idea, but I also didn't have a choice or I guess I had a choice. I just made the wrong one. I left and went back to work and three days later I walked into the ER at Bab deceased, puking out blood talking, probably more slurred.

4 (2h 21m 9s):
But according to them I set the 10 Tennessee ambulatory state record, Tennessee State record for ambulatory, BACI blew a 0.46 denying I'd been drinking and I almost bled to death. Geez. They were very afraid. I had given myself something called esophageal varice, which is pretty much always fatal. You literally hemorrhage from your esophagus from drinking and die. I lost a lot of blood nine days in the ICU and I, I tried my best to get a handle on the drinking after that by not just not drinking, I still wasn't gonna go to meetings. You know, I don't need that shit.

4 (2h 21m 55s):
The infection came back. I mean, my health was absolute trash, you know, my inducible liver enzymes were like triple the upper limits in normal. I had some other blood work way off. And so the infection came back, back on the damn pain pills and Deaton has moved back to Maine. So my, my connection with the Roxy is gone. Had an employee that I had recently hired who was out on bond for drug charges. And obviously before I hired him I asked what and why and all that. And I decided to give this guy a shot. Then none of my employees knew how bad things were with me or how bad they had gotten with the pain pills.

4 (2h 22m 38s):
Obviously they knew the drinking had gotten really bad 'cause I was passed out in my office and shit. But I'd hid the pain pill thing for him pretty well. So as long as they weren't spending alcohol, they thought everything was good. With Ben, I ended up buying pain pills off this dude and it gets like really expensive. Like I can't keep sneaking this much money out without Aaron noticing. And he's, he ended up getting me heroin one day. And I hate needles, which sounds crazy 'cause I'm covered in tattoos. I've gotten these since being clean.

4 (2h 23m 20s):
And the first time he got it, I snorted it and I did not get the feeling I wanted from it. And he shot me up. And then later that day I shot myself up and within a week I had a $600 day heroin habit. He shot you up. How did that conversation go? I was like, I fucking hate needles. You gotta show me how to do this. And he got my hand where I don't even have veins anymore, but I used to have huge veins and he shot me up. And so that progressed very, very quickly. What did that feel like? You want me to give you an honest answer?

4 (2h 23m 60s):
Yeah. I felt like getting a hug from God, like the most peaceful thing I've ever felt in my entire life. Instantly, instantly. That void that I always have inside me that I've been trying to fill since I was 13 years old, that emptiness, it was gone in an instant. It was gone, it was warm. It just, it was euphoria and I didn't need anything else after that. I, I had arrived and the entire journey getting to this point, I had been trying to find ways to change the way I felt.

4 (2h 24m 48s):
And for the first time in my entire life, I didn't want to change the way I felt after I hit that I was hooked immediately. That was, it was right around Halloween of 2013. And Aaron knew something was wrong. She knew something was wrong. She didn't know what Andrew ended up getting arrested again. And so I had to go meet the dope man to get my own heroin. 'cause I'm obviously, I'm physically addicted. I can't afford to be sick.

4 (2h 25m 28s):
And that's what it took me to South Memphis old man, Stan, this old 70 some odd year old black dude that sells heroin in south Memphis. And so I'm, I'm making, you know, two, three trips a day out there to buy dope because I kept telling myself like, this is gonna be the last time. How'd you meet him? Andrew took me to meet him right before he'd gotten arrested again. So I'd already met Stan. Now, now I'm, you know, I'm approved to go to the Dope man by myself. What's the neighborhood like? Oh, it's ultra hood. If you've watched any of my videos online, that's, that's South Memphis man. But this guy's making 600 bucks a day just off you, just off me.

4 (2h 26m 11s):
He was living large, living large. So just to give you some context on South Memphis, the infant mortality rate is higher than most or many third world nations. It's one of the deadliest zip codes in the state of Tennessee, which is one of the deadliest cities in America. Statistically young men in South Memphis are, this one breaks my heart. They're more likely to be dead or incarcerated than they are to have a job or be in school. Geez. Now, I didn't know any of this when I first started going out there. And I, and actually I hated South Memphis for the longest time because of what it was doing to me.

4 (2h 26m 51s):
I wasn't looking at what I was doing to it. I'm, you just touched on it. I'm pumping that much money a day into the dope economy out there. You know, like I, I have, I have harmed that community with the amount of money I spent out there with bad people. And I kept telling myself like, this is it. I'm gonna stop. And that's what I'm doing. $200,000 a year. Stan told somebody he made 200 grand and it didn't last a year. Just off you, just off me, just off me. It didn't last year, last 10 months. This time I hated myself. I hated everything about myself. I wanted to die.

4 (2h 27m 32s):
But more than that, I wanted to get sober and be there for my kids. And so I, I punished myself. I had enough money. I could have bought ounces of heroin at a time. You know, I'm, I was going through like two, three grams a day and I could have bought ounces at a time. And instead I'm making three trips, getting a gram at a time Every day. Like the, I can't believe it took me as long as it did for me to get pulled over like a white guy driving, you know, a brand new Tahoe or a brand new F-150 or a brand new, or not brand new, but a 68 GTO multiple times a day. Like, it's very clear what I'm going out there to do, you know? And, but I wouldn't buy a bunch of once because I kept telling myself, this is it. I'm gonna quit. This is it. I'm gonna quit.

4 (2h 28m 12s):
I'm gonna taper off. I'm gonna her off. This just insanity took over my thinking. Why did you wanna quit? Why did I wanna quit? Yeah. I never wanted to be on it to begin with. That one time I got that hug from God and I was hooked. Never had that feeling again. Never felt that good again. But I couldn't stop doing it. But it was taking me away from my kids because I'm spending an hour and a half a day or more driving. So, hold on, hold on. So the initial, I've never done heroin. The initial high is like the best high you could ever imagine. And then it never happens again. Never happens again. Well, you constantly have to increase the amount of dope you're doing.

4 (2h 28m 56s):
You can get pretty close to it again, or you can get it again. But it's taking more and more dope. And it, the more dope you're adding, like the chances you're gonna kill yourself keeps climbing. You know what I mean? And so I I, I gotta the point where I was shooting a gram at a time sometimes. I mean, that's like I'm, I don't know how I never OD'ed. You never OD'ed? Never. I've always had a really weirdly high tolerance to things. So, well, I don't know if I'd say that You drank your gallbladder out. Yeah, yeah. That I did. But I, I wanted to stop because it, it, it controlled every aspect of my life.

4 (2h 29m 39s):
I couldn't even sleep without getting dope sick. Did your wife know? Well, it started in Halloween. She figured it out end of June. How'd she figure it out? She found a box of syringes in the garage. I was not very good at hiding things. She'd known something was up. I mean, like, our business is falling apart. I bounced payroll. That's never happened. I look like I'm, I I I look like somebody coming out of concentration camp. I looked like death. I weighed like 130 pounds maybe, you know, and I'm not drinking.

4 (2h 30m 19s):
So she knows it's not that she knew something was up. She found that box of rigs that day and lost it on me. I've never seen her that upset in my whole life. And I, it broke my heart. I didn't, I didn't ever want it to come to that, you know, but it did. And the 4th of July, she took the kids and left me 2014. And I hopped in the GTO and went to where I go for comfort South Memphis. And I'd waited just to punish myself until I was good and dope sick.

4 (2h 30m 58s):
I wanted myself to suffer. I had the sick self-hatred because of the situation I created. Where did she go? To? Her dad's down in Mississippi. And I'm going, I don't know, 70, 80 miles an hour down East Parkway in Memphis. And I ran red light and I t-boned enough three 50 and spun and hit a light pole. And the inside of the car bursting the flames. I'm pinned underneath the steering wheel. My face hit the steering wheel so hard that my teeth, I had to pull my lip off of my teeth.

4 (2h 31m 41s):
Like they'd gone all the way through it. I've got bones sticking under my foot and I'm engulfed in flames. I had a fire extinguisher in the car for that exact scenario should have ever happened. And I deployed it. Nothing happened. And I threw it out the window, which I guess alerted somebody that was out there that, hey, there's a, a live person stolen that vehicle. And this panhandler that I'd been giving money to for like the last two, three weeks, every time I drove by, runs over, gets me outta the car and runs over and gets, I had cash in the passenger seat and he brought it to me like smoking bills, my, my my pistol permit and my debit.

4 (2h 32m 23s):
My USA debit cards were in my pocket with my driver's license and all that. They melted like in my wallet, they melted. I did not have a burn on my body. Wow. And nobody else saw this, almost dude. But he definitely was there. Like, yeah, I've always had people like I was an angel. I'm like, I don't, I don't know because he, he gave me the money. Like I had it in my hand and I started with bones sticking outta my feet. There's rounds popping off in the backseat of my car because it's in flames and it was full of ammo. And I'm trying to hobble down the street to make it to the dope man's house. 'cause I'm, I'm like a mile away. The ambulance gets there, they tackle me, take me to the hospital.

4 (2h 33m 3s):
You're trying to get heroin still after still trying to get heroin. I'm still dope sick. It. That's, look, this is the thing. If you've never been dope sick, you don't understand it, you will do literally anything you have to do to prevent it. It is the most terrifying experience a human being can go through both mentally and physically, but especially mentally. It, it's bad. It's just, it, it, when I think about that day, I understand women who sell their bodies to feed their addiction. I'm trying to walk down the street with my car in flames and bone sticking outta my foot to get my fix. You know, I ended up getting a $35,000 insurance check for the GTO.

4 (2h 33m 51s):
All the evidence of everything bad had been doing, burned in the car. So I'd got no trouble that day. I went home, got another vehicle, and I burned that 35 grand in nine days. One of the ways, you know, my business was running into the ground, Aaron and I had a massive firearms collection. Massive, you know, tons of awesome stuff. Some title two stuff, sub guns, suppressors. And I'd started pawning my guns so that I could maintain my habit and try to keep the business from folding. And so when I got that check, I went and got a lot of guns outta hoc, got 'em back. And obviously I bought a lot of drugs too.

4 (2h 34m 35s):
Geez. Aaron. Aaron came back from her dad's after I totaled the car, but, but left again 'cause I wasn't, I wasn't getting any better, you know, and I was trying everything I could to, to taper off of, of the heroin and, and do it on my own. And, you know, I go, the firing range is one of the things I used to like to do to try to blow off steam. And so I think it was July 28th, I burn outta money mostly.

4 (2h 35m 15s):
And I go to the warehouse with, I had a little range behind the warehouse with or inside the warehouse. It was long. I had a sub gun, two suppressors, like an AR and an AK maybe, and maybe a handgun. Then I went and blew off some steam and I waited till I was dope sick again. 'cause I, I refused to buy heroin until I was sick because I'm trying to taper myself off of it. And so I'm trying to dr you know, it's, it's insane the way I was. But in my head, in my fucked up thinking it made sense. And so I'm on my way home. I went and got dope and I wouldn't let myself use it until I made it home as part of the punishment that I was doing to myself a mile from home.

4 (2h 36m 4s):
And I get lit up by the cops and I'm in a beat up pickup truck with six grams of dope. I'm machine gun and two silencers. And you would've thought they pulled over Pablo Escobar, the traffic stop moves from this gas station to my house because they feel they have caused to search my home. They think I'm selling machine guns. I'm running guns and dope for the cartel. One of the detectives came over and told me they'd talked to Fort Campbell and they know I'm a disgruntled Veteran and I stole all of this. What are you fucking talking about? Like the receipts for the shit's in my house.

4 (2h 36m 45s):
I'm sick as hell. Handcuffed in the back of the car. Our little cove had a house on the golf course, like outside looking in. I was doing great. Our little cove had 30 some odd vehicles in it from five different agencies. Before this was over, I had the DEA Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, Shelby County Memphis Police, and the A TFI had showed the a TF how to read their own paperwork for my form, whatever it was, for my tax stamps for the suppressors and the sub. And this goes on like 12 hours. I'm, I mean, it's hot as fuck. I'm in the middle of, you know, asphalt cove, sitting in a cop car with no ac handcuffed, dope sick, watching them come out of my house, taking my entire life savings in the form of firearms from me.

4 (2h 37m 32s):
One of the guys with the organized crime unit was there, told me early on in the day when this happened. It's like, if you're telling me the truth and these are your guns and this is your dope, we're gonna work something out. And 12 hours later they finally realized, I'm not Pablo Escobar. Those are my guns. I legally hit every one of them. And I've never been in trouble in my life. So they take me down to this place off of Shelby Drive in Memphis, where they're like, all right, here's the deal. You know, we took all the shit from your house. You're not getting your guns back. 53 firearms I took from the house. You're gonna snitch. You're gonna go buy drugs and you're gonna, we're gonna watch everything.

4 (2h 38m 13s):
You're gonna wear a wire or something. You're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna give us some drug dealers. I was like, sure. And sure as shit, they took the handcuffs off and gave me my keys to my pickup truck. So I had no intentions of following through and snitching on anybody. I never wanted to go to South Memphis again. I get in my truck, I crank it and I shut the door and I feel something. And I know immediately what it is. They have left dope in my vehicle. And so my decision to never go to South Memphis again changed right then and there. I went right back to South Memphis. I bought more dope, but I'm not gonna use it until I get home.

4 (2h 39m 1s):
It's now nine, 10, maybe 11 o'clock at night. I'm in the exact same spot I was earlier in the day and blue lights are behind me. I get pulled over twice in the same day with the same amount of dope. This time they do take me to jail and they hit me with, I don't even remember how many counts. It was absurd. Like just wild possession with intent to manufacture, sell and distribute for crack cocaine for heroin. Sixth possession of a firearm during the commission of a dangerous felony.

4 (2h 39m 44s):
All in all, they're like 14 felony counts that they had gotten me on. Which is ridiculous. Like if I'm actually being honest, because I didn't commit a felony. I wasn't selling drugs. There is no dangerous felony, whatever. I had drugs and guns. I'm not supposed to do that. I know, but I think my life's over at this point. They, they took me to jail. Obviously I had to call Aaron obviously she filed for divorce I think on our 10th anniversary while I was in jail, which I had that coming. I destroyed that poor woman's life, you know, they end up my dealer old man Stan comes and bonds me out because I had spent so much with him.

4 (2h 40m 33s):
He's convinced I'm gonna continue to somehow they mixed up paperwork in jail and they let me out when they hadn't brought all the charges on the other case against me. And so I bonded outta jail and immediately had a felony warrant for the first traffic stop. Apparently they only booked me in on the second one and forgot to add the first one. So they add those on and put out a felony warrant for me. And so I go on the run, I moved into a, a trap house with some guys.

4 (2h 41m 14s):
I had literally just met that night in South Memphis. What's the trap house? The trap house is a house where narcotics and women are bought and sold. It's, you know, the trap a spot. It is the single source of every bit of pain and suffering in any neighborhood they exist in. It's hell, that's what it is. It's hell. I had nowhere else to go, had a warrant. I couldn't go home. My wife didn't want anything to do with me. I had no idea what my kids knew or didn't know. Because like I said, we'd hidden all of this from them. Daddy getting arrested is going to, I don't even know how to have that conversation with them.

4 (2h 41m 59s):
I, I go into Heidi basically this dope boy that, that obviously all the dope boys in south Memphis knew how much money I'd been spending and they all wanted to know me. So I was welcomed with open arms out there. And the one that ran Melrose Street, I got, I'll actually say his name 'cause he is dead now. Rodney Cotton. He used to go by named F Fat Boy or Hot Hot Rod. He kind of took me in 'cause he was convinced I was gonna teach him how to run businesses. Like I don't know what he had in mind, but basically put put me to work, work in security at a trap house out there.

4 (2h 42m 40s):
Which was odd 'cause I'm the only white guy in the hood and I'm deciding who can and cannot get into the trap. This went on for a few weeks. What'd you see inside the trap houses? Everything you could imagine. What does that mean? I've witnessed murder, I've witnessed attempted rapes, I've witnessed overdoses, I've witnessed people do unimaginable things that even with my background and experience can't wrap my mind around. For a head of dope crack in particular.

4 (2h 43m 21s):
Like what? You won't want to air it. If I tell you I've seen people do the most deep based, dehumanizing things you can ever imagine. Because their addiction commanded them to, they had become complete and total slaves to a substance and in turn complete and total slaves to whoever controls that substance. I didn't know the true depths of human depravity until I was out there, until I, I lived in it and saw it. And all of my hope and faith and humanity died on that street.

4 (2h 44m 2s):
My hope for having a future died on that street. I I, I was gonna kill myself out there. I was interrupted and then ended up in handcuffs again. How were you gonna do it with a knife? I was just gonna cut my own throat. It was the only way I could do it because I refused to touch heroin after I got arrested. I would not go back to it. I was still smoking crack. But I refused to touch heroin. And I was afraid that if I tried to overdose, 'cause that's, once you've shot up heroin, there's no other way to kill yourself. It's an embrace from God. Like it's a painless way to go. My fear was that because my tolerance was so high, I would try to kill myself and I wouldn't, and I would end up addicted again.

4 (2h 44m 48s):
And I would rather die than have that happen. And so I was gonna cut my throat with K bar. How long were you in and out of those five years? I get this, this is, you spent five years in that shit in trap houses. In and out, in and out. But there, my, my whole story is punctuated with highs and lows where everything looks great. I wasn't homeless for five years. I wasn't running from that warrant for five years. But all in, I was battling South Memphis for five years. That run stopped when they found me on that warrant.

4 (2h 45m 28s):
And, you know, we were talking about God winks. I feel like this was a missed God wink on, on my behalf, but maybe not because if I, if I'd taken it, I wouldn't be sitting here with you today. Veterans Court refused to take my case. I did serve long enough to be eligible for Veterans Court. So even though I don't get like VA benefits out, I was eligible for that. They wouldn't take my case because the gun charges, they were convinced the feds were gonna come after me. Now I knew that wasn't the case because I legally owned the guns and I wasn't actually selling drugs. So I had faith that justice would prevail. But the drug court judge heard about my case and decided to take a chance on me. And he told me that if I would sign up for his program, he would send me to rehab and he'd pay for it.

4 (2h 46m 12s):
And I jumped at it. And so after spending two months out there on in the traps that run, I was actually excited. I thought, you know, things are gonna be better. And he sent me to rehab. I spent 54 days in there and like I was serious about it. I wanted to be clean. I did not want to go back to that life at all. I graduated the rehab program and, and got off to a fairly good start on drug court. I think I got released back into the free world early November.

4 (2h 47m 0s):
And I made contact with Aaron. You know, I wanted to get back in the kids' lives and I mean, 'cause this just hit them completely outta the blue. Like they didn't see any of this coming, you know. So from July to November there had been very minimal interaction with my kids. They didn't know what the fuck was going on or I don't know what they knew, let's put it that way. And you know, Erin had filed for divorce, her attorney told her it would help her if she got a restraining order against me. And so she did that and they served me with it in the middle of drug court in front of everybody on my birthday. Like that was humiliating.

4 (2h 47m 42s):
Mostly because I've never laid a finger on her. I've never threatened any of them. I've never, you know, made her be afraid of me or the kids or any of that. But she had to attest that I've done all of those things on this piece of paper. So I did what any good addict would do and I went and got high over that. Now, when they released me from rehab, they court ordered me into Rebos, which is a halfway house in Memphis, sober, spelled backwards. And one of the biggest rules in a sober living house is you can't get high. And I did that. And so I knew I was about to go back to jail. So right back to South Memphis. I went, I just went on the run.

4 (2h 48m 22s):
And then I actually had a conversation with Erin that her attorney did that without her knowledge and or something, I don't remember what it was. And I started realizing like how bad I fucked up by going on the run and getting high again. I went and turned myself in and sure enough, I mean obviously I went to jail, you know, but the drug court judge is, he's gonna gimme another chance. Like he sees this a lot, he expected it, blah, blah, blah. I was banned from that halfway house. And they were like, we're just gonna leave you in jail until we figure out what to do with you. 'cause you can't go home. You can't go back to the halfway house and we don't know what to do with you. And so I spent my birthday, or not my birthday, I spent Thanksgiving in jail.

4 (2h 49m 6s):
They kept me, God, they probably me a month that Tom with no bond. Like there's no hope of getting out. You, you get out when the judge says you can get out. And I'm pissed the judge off at this point. 'cause he took a chance on me even though he expected it to happen. He's mad. They, they finally let me out December 17th, and I'll never forget this, that day in court because the jail backs up to the courthouse. It's literally like underneath the court kind of. So they took me into the courtroom from jail and this guy named Brian Owens comes up to me and asked me, he is like, you tired of living like this dude? I was like, yeah, yeah, I'm, I'm really tired of living like this. And he, he looked me in the eye for money.

4 (2h 49m 47s):
He is like, you know, you don't have to. And I don't know why that that simple yet incredibly profound statement hit me like a ton of bricks, dude. Like I started bawling like in the middle of the court. Like it was, it was weird, you know, it, but it just hit me. So, because I could tell by the way he said it, this guy that I've, I'm just now meeting for the first time in the way he said that, I could tell he's been where I was. He, he literally where I was, I come to find out later, he had been standing on the other side of that wall when, years ago as a, a client in drug court. And today he works for that court. But I could tell this guy knew something. He knew a way out of this, you know, and he told me that I I was, he was gonna get me outta jail that day.

4 (2h 50m 32s):
And then he wanted me to meet him at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting that night. Now I'd been to NA back in California, but I just used it as a place to pick up checks. Like I didn't pay any attention, but I, I would do whatever I had to do to, to get Brian to get me outta jail. And I would do whatever I had to do to not live that way anymore. And I meant it like with every fiber of my being, I meant that shit. I was dead set on. I'm I'm gonna do this. And so he got me outta jail. I found out after I left the jail that day that the judge was dead serious when he said, I can't go home and I can't go to the halfway house, but they forgot to figure out what to do with me.

4 (2h 51m 22s):
So I had to figure that out, which I'm sure was 100% intentional, right? They wanted to see what I was gonna do. So now I'm, I'm a free man and it's the middle of December, right before Christmas and I have nowhere to go. I'm on the streets. Am I gonna fuck up or am I gonna do right? And I think that's what they were trying to figure out. And I did right. I, I got with my dad and went, got into an extended stay motel. I went to an NA meeting, first time I ever saw her, and I was, I was serious about doing it. And I decided I wanted to try to fix things with Erin.

4 (2h 52m 4s):
She's a mother of five of my kids, and divorcing her. It was something I could not wrap my mind around no matter how bad she wanted it. You know, she spent all those years thinking I was the one for her, knowing the problems that I had. And here we are with the problems front and center. What are we gonna do? I had that conversation with her. We decided to reconcile. And so I think it was Christmas Eve of 2014, I moved back into the house with her and the kids. In hindsight, it was a terrible idea. Did you blame her for the restraining order? Were you upset about that? I, I was upset about it. It was very, I was hurt more than anything.

4 (2h 52m 45s):
I didn't blame her for the relapse. I, I will never blame anybody else for that. You know, I make my own decisions and when I choose to go get high about something that's on me, not them, when we went to court for the restraining order, 'cause the way they do these things, they'll issue it just based on the word of the woman. And, and that's good. I'm glad they do that. And then you have a hearing about it to decide if it's gonna stand or get tossed out. And when we sat down in the courtroom, they start asking Aaron all these questions like, when did Mr. Owen strike you? When did he do this? And she's like, no, no. None of that ever happened. And the judges basically, well then you can't have a restraining order. What are we doing? And so it just got, like, what I was afraid of was that Aaron was gonna lie and say, I had, you know, put my hands on or something.

4 (2h 53m 30s):
Which nothing like that ever happened in that marriage. Were you sharing needles? No. No. Never. Not once. In fact, I, this is one of the reasons I was able to hide it so well. I was the worst person I knew. I didn't have friends. Do you think you put your family in danger? Yeah, I definitely put 'em in danger. There's no doubt about that. So how could you blame her? I don't, yeah, I don't blame her at all. In fact, hindsight being 2020, I wish she hadn't let me move back in. You know, I I, I had no business being around my kids right then at all. Or her, you know, I, I didn't deserve to be sleeping in that house that we had worked to pay for together.

4 (2h 54m 14s):
You, the thousand things could have gone wrong. Something must have went wrong. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't handle guilt. Well, never have I drink at guilt. I always have. And I don't think things were meant to work out to me and her, too much damage had been done. And it was, it was a terrifying thing to try to accept that because you start, you start trying to think how, how, how am I gonna raise a family with her?

4 (2h 55m 3s):
You know, with the exception of this 10 month period, all things considered, I've been a pretty stellar dad, you know, outside looking in, you know, now you, you, you know that that's not true because you've heard all the the fucked up stuff that I was doing, but I was still telling myself to lie that I wanted the world to see. And I'm trying to figure out how am I gonna raise these kids in a broken home? Now what's gonna happen with my cases? I was looking at a lot of prison time. If, if I fucked up drug court and, and so much damage had been done to the relationship with Aaron and I, and I just, I don't think there was any fixing it.

4 (2h 55m 53s):
I don't think there was. What happened, I moved out in February and I think it was February. I stayed clean. I was working the program, got a sponsor, started working steps, was taking recovery seriously. Like very seriously. So you weren't drinking? No. Well, so drug court, from the day I signed a drug court, they, they drug test you randomly. And one of the tests they do now is called an ethanol glucoronide test that tests for alcohol metabolites going back 80 hours. And thank God they do, because if they weren't doing that, I'd have been drinking like a motherfucker thinking I'm gonna cheat the test. You know?

4 (2h 56m 32s):
So yeah, I stayed sober from November, God, almost until the next November. A whole lot happened in that gap.

12 (2h 56m 45s):
I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show.

12 (2h 57m 29s):
And some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that.

12 (2h 58m 13s):
But like I said, it's a free, it's CIA intelligence brief. Sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the newsletter.

4 (2h 58m 27s):
All right, Ben, we're back from the break. So we are at Aaron. Aaron? Yep. Aaron left with the kids. Aaron left with the kids. This is like the end of 2014. We decided to reconcile. And so we, hold on, let me recap. 'cause we'd had about an hour break there for lunch. So you moved in Christmas time? Yes. Now it's February. Aaron takes off. You did not start drinking again. What happened? Why'd she leave? So actually I left. You left. I left. And I think it was February, March. I just realized that, well, I, I'm trying to avoid this 'cause I, I only wanna put my business out there, but it's unavoidable.

4 (2h 59m 12s):
So Erin had an affair, right? And, and I knew this when I moved back in, in December, and it happened while I was in jail. And if I'm being completely honest, I can't blame her. I mean, I ran her life into the ground. I had not physically touched her in a year, you know, everything was falling apart and she didn't think there was any chance we were ever gonna work out anyway. So I don't blame her for that, but it is part of what played into my decision to move out. Did you ever have infidelity with her? No. No. Through all that shit. Through all that shit, I did not. Wow. Yeah. Would not have expected that. Well, I don't think she expected it either, but it is the reality. So you couldn't forgive her for that?

4 (2h 59m 52s):
I thought I could, but no, I, I definitely could not. I definitely could not. And so how'd you find out? I just knew and I finally, she admitted it. She's part of me knew, you know, something, something seemed off. Did you know 'em? Oh yeah. Friend, employee. An employee, yeah. Are they still together? Oh God no. I don't even know if they ever even saw each other again. Yeah. So in the middle of all this, lemme back up to December. Well, hold on. How did you handle that?

4 (3h 0m 33s):
Because you're sober. I'm sober and, well, I'm just gonna own it. I was still a manipulative ass at the time. And the only thing standing in between me and living in my home with my children was the judge telling me she didn't want me there. So the way I handled it was basically to tell her, look, we can work through this. You just gotta let me come home, you know? And part of me was so you knew before you went home. I knew before I went home that that was the ammo I used to get her to tell the judge, lemme come back to my house. Now. Part of that was necessity. I have to have a place to live. I could, this extended stay wasn't gonna work. I missed my kids. I was sober. I wanted to rebuild my life, and I wanted to rebuild my business and fix my marriage.

4 (3h 1m 16s):
I did genuinely want all of those things. Did you still love her before you moved back in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I, I've known this woman since I was 12. She birthed, yeah, like a hundred percent. Looked like a little uncertainty there. It was different. It was a different kind of love, you know, like I've, I've still got love in my heart for Aaron to this day, and I always will, but not the kind that is required to be married to somebody. You know what I mean? And so I moved back in and, and my understanding was that all the bullshit that come out from either of our side had come out and it was all out in the open.

4 (3h 2m 3s):
And I get a phone call New Year's Eve from my landlord or my landlord's attorney. Now, keep in mind I haven't paid rent on my warehouse in six months because I was too busy spending my money on heroin or being in jail or running from warrants to handle things. So my understanding was that my warehouse had been seized and my assets and belongings of that warehouse no longer belonged to me. And Aaron confirmed that was the case. Well, I get this phone call New Year's Eve from my landlord's attorney asking me if we had decided not to get my inventory out of the warehouse. Now keep in mind, I had over a million dollars in inventory in this warehouse. So come to find out, he had not seized any of my stuff and just wanted me to move my business out and let him have his warehouse back.

4 (3h 2m 52s):
The problem was I had until midnight, new Year's Eve of 2014, and I didn't find this out until the day of. My parents and my wife had known for months that this was the case and that my business was not done. It was in fact sitting there waiting on me to pick it up and move it somewhere else and simply turn it back on. I went ballistic, you know, smashed my phone. I may have broken my hand punched in a brick wall. I mean, I snapped, dude, that was it. Like, from that point forward, I, I have accepted this is not, there's too much resentment.

4 (3h 3m 32s):
Couple of that with the fact that I don't even know how I'm gonna deal with, with the infidelity. Like that's, I just can't do this. Right. And I didn't know what to do because I still had to have a place to live. And so I just tried to tough it out, man. I spent a lot of time with my kids. What did you do with your kids when, when you went back? You said you spent a lot of time with your kids. Oh, I spent a lot. Yeah. So there's a part. What was that like? I've been rebuilding bonds. Dude. Kids are resilient, you know. How old are your kids at this point? Oh, they were, I wanna say nine, 10.

4 (3h 4m 12s):
Let's see, this would've been December, 2014. So Jacob would've been nine. Jackson would've been 10. Lilly, the twins were three, three and four, almost four, four and five. And we just kind of picked up right back where we left off. You know, watching nature shows together, going hiking, there's a IH park out. I mean, was there a lot of relationship you had to rebuild trust and the fact that you're gonna be there and it was dicey for a few days. That's it. That was it. Because when I was living in that extended stay, Aaron could tell that something had changed in me and that I was trying to stay clean and the kids came and stayed with me. Some of that extended stay. So we had gotten most of the real rough part out of the way.

4 (3h 4m 55s):
I've always been very close to my kids. So even though, what was the rough part? Just the uncomfortability, like them staying with me and, and crying at bedtime, wanting to go see mommy. You know? I bet they had a lot of questions. They really didn't. They really didn't. They, they didn't wanna know why you were in there and the extended stay. Yeah, well they did. And that, that, that was the rough part, was explaining to 'em, mom and dad are getting divorced. You know? And that was like, just the hardest thing I've ever had to tell my kids. Did they have any inclination that, I mean, you were gone for, I think you said 10 months. I was, I was addicted to heroin for 10 months before the arrest.

4 (3h 5m 37s):
I was home for most of that. I would make my runs to the, you know, dope track, get my dope shoot. But then you were living at the trap houses, so that wasn't 10 months, that was four months I was out there, this run in the traps. And so I don't really know how to explain it. We just kind of picked right up where we left off it. It was strange. How did you tell your kids you getting divorced? I didn't. Aaron did. And then Christmas Eve we told 'em, nevermind. We're not like, Merry Christmas. And, you know, we had a real happy Christmas. Everything was great.

4 (3h 6m 20s):
But the New Year's Eve came and I found that out about the business. And it just, the totality, it was too much. And I also knew that like, as far as my part went, like, I'm not saying she did all the damage. I'd done tons of damage. This was all my fault to begin with. So I owned that. And, and I knew in the back of my head that she might think she can get over all this, but she's never gonna trust me again. I have destroyed our lives. Our life savings invested into firearms collection has been stolen by the police. I'll never get 'em back. That one, I, I actually sued the state of Tennessee trying to get those back lost because I took too long to file it. But, you know, the business, we had poured blood, sweat, and tears into that. My kids had sacrificed hours and hours of time with me.

4 (3h 7m 2s):
I ran that into the ground. Like, so I'm not sitting here trying to say it's because of the infidelity, it's because of the warehouse. It was the totality of all of these things. I, we, we destroyed that marriage. And so I spent a lot of time with the kids January and February. And part of that was because I wanted to spend time with my kids. Part of it's 'cause I wanna get the fuck away from the house. I wanted to be away from her. I was, I was so mad. And, you know, I don't know if you've ever done 12 step recovery, but in the rooms they always say resentments are the number one offender. The resentment is the most common thing that sends people back on a, a relapse. And that was taking my recovery pretty seriously at this point in time. So I was trying to avoid resentments, which meant avoiding her in the house.

4 (3h 7m 46s):
So we spent a lot of time out in the woods, a lot of time fishing as Mark rolled around, a lot of time hiking. And I started hanging out with this other guy in drug court named Thomas, who loved fishing too. And we'd, we'd go fishing all the time, we'd go shooting together. His parents lived on a bunch of land and you know, before long I had opened up to Thomas about what was going on at home. And he is like, bro, just come stay up here, man. And so I was kicking that idea around about going to stay with Thomas. 'cause he lived up in Millington near the Navy base. We were in Lakeland, which is a suburb of Memphis at the time in the house that I bought when I got the job at Pfizer. So we hadn't moved.

4 (3h 8m 28s):
And my, my other best friend at the time was this little kid named Brandon Kelly. I call him a kid. He had some endocrine problems and literally looked like he was a child, like 14 years old. He was really 25. But I met him in jail. I actually met him and Thomas both in jail. All three of us were on drug court. And so we just started hanging out a bunch. And then, you know, getting into early spring, narcotics Anonymous does a lot of functions or they'll do outings like events where just people in recovery can go hang out at things that normally happen in Memphis. It's just a group of people that aren't doing drugs, you know, it goes to these things and it, so I started hanging out with those, with that crowd that's going to the stuffle around Memphis.

4 (3h 9m 12s):
And I had found a, an Na home group with Brandon Kelly. It was his home group. And that's where I met Jess. I had, I had actually met her back in January at that Brian Owens guy, his wife or girlfriend at the time was celebrating her sober birthday. And I met Jess at that birthday, but we didn't really talk much like we'd played trivia crack back and forth, you know, and texted a little bit, but nothing weird. But like, I can tell like she's somebody I enjoy spending time around. And so when the events picked back up in spring, you know, I found myself around her more and more. And then one day she invited me and her boyfriend at the time to go to Quentin Tarantino movie fest.

4 (3h 9m 58s):
They were having to drive in. And I went and he no-showed. And we watched like four or five Quentin Tarantino movies. And then the next day she invites me to go fishing with her. And I was like, well, hell yeah. You know, you know what I'm thinking? Like out at Shelby Forest and Mississippi River, middle of nowhere, I get out there, not only does she not have fishing rods, she has brought her 10-year-old daughter with her. And I was like, oh God, you know what the hell's happening. So as an aside to this day, I have not gone fishing with Jess to this day. We're gonna fix that at some point. But we ended up hiking around Shelby Farst.

4 (3h 10m 40s):
And this is weird because I've lived in Memphis for almost Jess, what's going on here? Real men. You she was fishing the whole time. Hear that? Yeah, she was. And it worked. It worked. I never knew Shelby Forests existed. I've been in Memphis 10 years and I never saw this place as much as I love the outdoors, it was mind blowing to me. It's this huge, like hundreds of acres of woods and hills and mountains and lakes. And it's on the Mississippi. So we jet me, Jess and her daughter who was 10, I'm meeting for the first timer out there hiking for the entire day hours catching, I caught a a, a cotton mouth water moccasin, like blew her mind, you know, catching turtles. Like it was just, we had a fucking blast out there.

4 (3h 11m 21s):
And I didn't want it to stop. I didn't want it to stop. I had not been that happy in the company of another human being. And as long as I could remember, like, I finally felt the connection with somebody, and this was just as purely as friends. But from that day forward, and that was, I do remember the date, it was April 20th, 2015, Jess and I became inseparable wherever I went. She went wherever she went, I went and like, it just, people were started calling us the a power couple we're not even together. I, I'm still married, you know, but I realized because of the way I felt around her that I, my biggest fear leaving Aaron, will I ever have anybody that I can be comfortable around again?

4 (3h 12m 9s):
Will anybody put up with me? Because, well, we've been talking for several hours, you know, I'm kind of a lot to deal with, right? So I had this fear that, that I wouldn't find love again. And I've got a terrifying fear of being alone too. So I wasn't convinced that like Jess is who I'm gonna go be in love with. It just convinced me that I am able to be happy in the presence of somebody else. And so when I decided I was gonna move out and move in with Thomas and take him up on that offer, Jess went with me. Now we're still just friends, you know, we're literally sleeping in the same bed and still just friends, which I know sounds crazy. I tried to kiss her one time she cried.

4 (3h 12m 48s):
That was interesting. The next day she kissed me. And then, you know, from there on things were physical, but this is like, like months went in that gap. So then, you know, I, I told Erin like, let's go ahead and do this divorce. I'm, I'm moving on, which is what she had told me to do to begin with. And so she was like, okay, yeah, neither of us wanted it, but it's what needs to happen. That kind of thing. And Jess and I pretty much moved into Thomas' house and started building the life together. Like we were gonna start brush fire and black rifle and, and recheck in a garage behind his house. We're gonna start a businesses back over. And we did. We were like, we actually did.

4 (3h 13m 29s):
And we're running an econ business outta his garage. July I think comes around and you know, Jess had met all the kids at this point. All the kids love her. Her daughter loved me. Now we haven't told Erin that we're an item. And so that was a big land landmine we were waiting on. And it ended about like, you can imagine it would. Which promise? Actually, I don't know how it would land. I mean, you guys are divorced, so she cheated on you. Well, we're not divorced yet. Former addict. We're not divorced yet. I mean, there's a lot of history there. There is a lot. So I, I could, I could see it being a relief. Well, I mean, it's gotta be a lot of weight being your spouse Yeah.

4 (3h 14m 12s):
For that time. And I make terrible decisions around what, okay, all right. So I'm just gonna preface that. All right. We've come a long way since then. I've grown a lot as a human being. I was still sleeping over there. And so when she found out I was sleeping with Jess, she sat Jess down and said, Hey, just so you're aware, I'm still sleeping with him too. And Jess acted like she didn't care, but in reality it ripped her guts out. Time out. Let's switch seats. Oh, I love this. I love

13 (3h 14m 51s):
This.

14 (3h 14m 55s):
Oh, okay.

4 (3h 14m 57s):
Jess, Welcome to the show. Thank you. So couple questions before we get into the, the sleeping debacle here. Why'd you cry when he tried to kiss you?

14 (3h 15m 10s):
I honestly have no idea. I think I was, I'm not very big on physical affection, I guess. I know that sounds weird. My family is like, my dad's part is Japanese, so I wasn't raised with a whole lot of physical affection. And I think it caught me off guard. And I wasn't quite sure if I wanted it or not because I knew he had a wife and like, I knew he had five kids and I was like, I don't know. I don't know if I want five kids. And I, I, I didn't know what I wanted at that point.

4 (3h 15m 45s):
You're a former addict too. Yes. How long have you been sober?

14 (3h 15m 51s):
A little more than Ben. It's like five and a half years. My clean date is June 1st, 2019.

4 (3h 16m 1s):
What did you see in Ben that made you fall in love with him? I was just, were you aware of his vest?

14 (3h 16m 9s):
I wasn't aware of all of it, but you know, I had my own past, so I wasn't totally worried about that. I think what really attracted me to him was I love nature and I love music and, and I love smart people because I've always wanted to be like really smart and I don't really see myself like that. But he was, and like, as you've heard in his story, he's extremely intelligent and it's very hard to find somebody that is that intelligent and nerd like, who also listens to metal and, you know, likes nature and hiking. And I found all of that. And Ben, Andy was funny. He made me laugh. Like, if you can make me laugh, that's, that's a big plus.

4 (3h 16m 53s):
Is there a, how do I say this? Is there a certain level of comfortability knowing that person that you're falling in love with is, is also an addict?

14 (3h 17m 11s):
Wow, that's a, that's a good question. There, there was a little, I was comfortable in knowing that I wouldn't be judged for who I was. And I think there was comfortability there because I was, I was raised by an addict, like my mom's a crack addict was so, but at the same time, I know how, how bad it can get, how much of a train wreck all of that can turn into. So it was, it was comforting knowing that I, I had somebody that could understand me, but it was, it was also terrifying at the same time.

4 (3h 17m 46s):
I mean, reason I'm asking, I didn't, I mean, not my addictions weren't like these, but you know, my wife is gonna be 16 years sober this year. That's awesome. And we kind of talked about my Coke addiction, drinking benzos, opiates, all that shit. And when I met her, I had found out, you know, that she was sober because she wouldn't have a drink at dinner. And I remember the first, I, I remember when it hit me, I had asked her, I said, I hate it when people ask me what my hobbies are.

4 (3h 18m 29s):
'cause I don't have any fucking hobbies other than work, drugs, booze and women. And I just asked her how did she find what her new hobbies were? And she kind of went on and told me, you know, like, well that's a tough question and, and it takes some time. And, and she was so transparent. I just knew what we had was real and that I didn't, I didn't have to hide anything. I could be fully transparent with sim and that's probably the first time in my life I could do that. Is that,

14 (3h 19m 11s):
That's

4 (3h 19m 11s):
Yeah. Kind of how it works.

14 (3h 19m 13s):
Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. It, it's, and and it was the same thing with Ben. Like, I was able to be completely transparent and I'm a very open book anyway, but there's certain things that I won't. But with him, I, I, I just, it was like we were just connected instantly. Like I just knew that's who I was supposed to be with, with, for the rest of my life.

4 (3h 19m 36s):
So what happened when he found out he was sleeping with Aaron still,

14 (3h 19m 40s):
He was actually blackout drunk at that point. And we, this was like right into the first of our relationship. So I didn't know what to do. I'm newly clean at this time, the first time since I was 13. And I didn't wanna mess that up. I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to be doing with him, blackout drunk. And I didn't know he had been drinking at this point. I had found like a vodka bottle in the truck, like I was going to the store and found this, came back home, confronted him about it. And if you know Ben, like if he's drunk, he, he will never admit it. He'll be slurring and still not admitting that he drank. So I called Aaron once, it got so bad that he was blackout drunk and he wouldn't wake up.

14 (3h 20m 24s):
And I was, I was freaking out. So I called Aaron 'cause she had moved into her own place at this point. I was like, please come to the house. I don't know what to do with him because she's been married, you know, she's been with him for so long, she knew how to deal with this. So she came over and we're smoking a cigarette outside. And she's like, just so you know, or she said, are you sleeping with Ben? She's like, I, I know you're sleeping together in the same bed. I mean, are you sleeping with Ben? And I just felt this weight because I didn't wanna say yes and, but I knew it was better to tell the truth. I was like, yes, we are sleeping together.

14 (3h 21m 4s):
She's like, oh, 'cause he's sleeping with me too. And dude, I like, every just everything in me got ripped out. Like I, I felt like I was going to die. And thing about me, I'll never let anybody know if I'm hurt. Like I got this, this protection wall. And I was like, ah, guys suck. And that's all I said. Like, I just, I just totally nonchalant. I did not let her know. It bugged me in the least, but inside I was fucking dying. And you know, we go back into Ben and she checks on him, and I'm living in her house and their house at this point.

14 (3h 21m 48s):
And you know, she's got the kids in her own little apartment and she leaves, she's like, he's gonna be fine. Let him sleep it off. And that was it. And she left and it was just, so I'm like sitting there and I stay up all night because I'm afraid he's going to die on me. I'm afraid something bad's gonna happen because my, my mom had overdosed and, and we thought she was asleep and she had, she was actually dead. So I I, to this day, I still have a horrible fear of

4 (3h 22m 17s):
People. Your mom overdosed? Yes. You found your mom dead?

14 (3h 22m 21s):
I, I was two houses down and my sister came and got me and was like, mom's dead. So I ran over the two houses away and saw her and she, they had had her on the floor at that point. But, but ever since then, I was terrified when I see people sleeping for too long. So I was afraid he was gonna die on me. So I, I literally stayed up all night mad as fuck at him. Like I wanted to kill him. But at the same time, I loved him so much that I just, I just sat up and watched him all night. Like, I'm, I'm sure it was sobbing half of the night because I couldn't believe that he had been cheating on me with his wife. I mean, like, how bad does that sound? It was, it was a bad time.

4 (3h 23m 3s):
How'd you confront him?

14 (3h 23m 6s):
So the next day when he finally came to, and he drinks so much that even when he comes to, he's still kind of drunk. And I was like, so I had a conversation with Aaron and he wasn't expecting what I said. I was like, she said, y'all are still asleep together. And I think he, he denied it, I think for a good little bit until I was like, dude, I mean, come on, she's your wife. It's, I understand. I really didn't understand. 'cause I, I've never, I've never understood infidelity. I don't, I don't at all. So it really hurt and it hurt that he was denying it. And I think I finally just came out just, just fucking say it.

14 (3h 23m 48s):
Just fucking tell me what happened. And he admitted it and you know, like Aaron was texting him just nonstop.

4 (3h 23m 57s):
And about what

14 (3h 23m 58s):
About us?

4 (3h 23m 60s):
Was there a jealousy?

14 (3h 24m 2s):
Oh, I'm sure there was. I mean, you know, he's been her person since they were 12 and, and now this, this junkie bitch comes in this the picture and just takes him away, you know? So I'm, I'm, there's a lot of hatred. There's a lot of animosity. And now I'm living in her house even, which that was the wrong thing to do. That was, that was very bad judgment on our part. And yeah, so she's, I mean, they're still married at this point. They don't get actually legally divorced till like a year later, so maybe even two years later. So it was, there was a lot of anger.

14 (3h 24m 42s):
I'm sorry, my mouth is so dry right now.

4 (3h 24m 46s):
So how did you, I mean, where did it go from there? How'd you, how did you get over that?

14 (3h 24m 53s):
I, it took, well, and this'll go into Ben's story a little bit. There was another woman in the mix and this one was way fucking worse than Aaron. So now, so then all my anger went from Aaron to this other girl. So, and Aaron, you know, I understood he was with Aaron for, for years. They were married, you know, they'd been friends since they were 12. I was just some chick he met in Na. So I, even though I was very angry that he lied about it and that he wasn't forthcoming in our relationship, I, I did understand it. I got it.

14 (3h 25m 33s):
This other chick though, that was,

4 (3h 25m 35s):
Who was the next one?

14 (3h 25m 39s):
I don't, funny enough, it was another girl that he met in Na, Ben. Ben was just jumping for a little while there, just us three. But there was a point in time, just, just

4 (3h 25m 50s):
Us three,

14 (3h 25m 55s):
Hey man, there, there was a point where it was all three of us at one time. Like he was seeing her, he was seeing me, he was seeing this other chick. And I actually found out about the other chick after he goes to jail, I hear a knock at the door. I, I had found out that I'm pregnant with Ben's kid like six weeks before this and bing bingo to jail. He had had another relapse. I hear a knock at the door and I open it. There was nobody there, but there's a, like this manila envelope about this big, and I open it, I was like, what the fuck is this? I thought someone was trying to sell some shit. So I open it and it's just pages, pages of emails of him and this other chick, and on the front of the envelope it says, hi, my name is Jeremy, you, I believe that you would like to know that your boyfriend is fucking my wife.

14 (3h 26m 49s):
And that's what it says on the front. So now I'm going through these emails, I'm pregnant with his kid and he's in jail for a relapse. I'm reading all these emails, like some of 'em are raunchy as fuck, like this was a nasty bitch. And I'm just, and then all my aggression kinda leaves from the errand thing, and now I just want to kill this bitch and kill him. So it was a, it was a bad whirlwind for a minute there.

4 (3h 27m 16s):
Why'd you, why did you, why'd you stay with him?

14 (3h 27m 23s):
Well, one, I was pregnant, so I remember he called from jail, and this was before he even knew that I knew anything. And I had threatened to have an abortion because I was like, well, you're fucking Aaron. You're fucking this chick. Why would I keep this child? Like, why would we start a family together? I thought you loved me. And you know, clearly I'm just like sobbing on the phone and he's denying it at first. And I read him some of the emails, he can't deny it anymore. And I just, I loved him. I really had just such a deep amount of love for him that I just, I was like, maybe we can work through it.

14 (3h 28m 4s):
And I had seen my mom and my dad work through insurmountable type of the things that they have gone through. Like, my dad was not an addict, alcoholic, nothing. My mom was, and the things that I had seen them work through and make it through, I guess that was, that was my model that I lived by. That I, that I went by and I was just like, you know, people can work things out. Of course, right then I wanted to kill him. I wanted just let his throw it right then. But, you know, later on I started thinking about it and I was like, we're gonna have a kid together. And I wanted to, I knew I love him. I, I, I knew he was the one that God made for me.

14 (3h 28m 45s):
I knew I was supposed to be with him. And I was like, I'm just gonna make it work. We're gonna make something work.

4 (3h 28m 50s):
I mean, I'm not saying you made the wrong decision. You guys obviously seem very happy today and you're very successful in what you guys are doing together. But I mean, weren't you worried about, you know, with his history?

14 (3h 29m 2s):
I was terrified. I was absolutely terrified.

4 (3h 29m 4s):
Weren't you, weren't you worried about not just being heard more, but subjecting your daughter to this? How old was your daughter? Yeah,

14 (3h 29m 17s):
So she was 10, his oldest was 10. My oldest is 10. So, and his, the kids got along great too. So, but I, I was terrified about, you know, I wasn't too worried about Maddie. He was so good with kids. So he was, he was really good with, Maddie is my oldest and he was so good to her. I had never seen a, Maddie's father is an addict as well. And he was not a good father. He was not a good man. Very, he was a good man. But he, the addiction took over and there's a lot of bad stuff that Maddie had to endure. So when Ben came into the picture, there is, there's a happiness there.

14 (3h 30m 0s):
Like he was actually a father to her and she loved him. And I wasn't so much worried about Maddie. I was worried about getting hurt again. I was worried about the trust issue because I knew I would never be able to trust him again. And that, that was actually the problem for, for years. I didn't trust him. And actually, because that girl was someone that he met in Na and we knew everybody, like everybody knew us as the Na power couple, you know. So when everybody found out that he cheated on me with another bitch from Na, like I was mortified.

4 (3h 30m 37s):
Did you know her?

14 (3h 30m 38s):
I, I had never met her, luckily.

4 (3h 30m 42s):
What about your own addictions? I mean, you sober for less than a year at this point? Yes.

14 (3h 30m 48s):
Or I had just graduated for, or graduated. I had just gotten a year clean, I believe like probably a month before this happened. So I was one year clean the first year I'd had clean since I was 13 years old.

4 (3h 31m 2s):
Were you concerned that this would trigger your own addictions again?

14 (3h 31m 5s):
Absolutely. Yeah. And

4 (3h 31m 8s):
Did it,

14 (3h 31m 11s):
So I didn't go back to heroin, but I remember the night that I found out I downed a bottle of NyQuil knowing I was pregnant and knowing that it might hurt my child. I just wanted to not be alive at that point. And addicts were selfish. And even though I had a year clean, I was still very much a selfish addict. And I got a bottle of NyQuil and, and, and half of me didn't wanna keep this baby like half of me. I was like, maybe it's just better if I, I'm just gonna drink this bottle of NyQuil and let nature take its course. And he was in jail anyway. Nobody could stop me.

14 (3h 31m 51s):
And like, when I found out, I called Thomas, Thomas denied it. I called Brian Owens. Brian Owens says he didn't know anything about it. I later find out that like all the guys knew they, you know the guy code, you don't say anything. And, and I don't have girlfriends, I don't like women, they don't like me. All, all of my friends were guys. So not only was I betrayed by him, I was betrayed by all of our friends. And that's how I felt. So like, I just felt like the whole world had shit on me and I just, just down that bottle of quil and fell asleep. But I didn't do anything after that. Like, I woke up and I was like, what the fuck did I just do? And, and that was it.

14 (3h 32m 31s):
I was good after that. I didn't do any drugs or anything.

4 (3h 32m 34s):
What about the manipulation? I mean, my best friend died of heroin, worked with him, he was Seal worked with him at c I've talked about him a bunch of times on this show, but he could be very manipulative and was an extremely intelligent person. And I, I've been around a lot of addiction, you know, injectables, all, all the stuff. And it seems like the worst they get, the more manipulative they get. And so when you found them drinking, when you found him lying about who he's sleeping with, there's more than one.

4 (3h 33m 18s):
I mean, is that, and I'm sure you're manipulative too, you know, at least in your past. And so, I mean, do you guys realize, how do you even realize that you're manipulating people? Or has it just come

14 (3h 33m 36s):
Sometimes? Of course, I had a great lesson in manipulation because my mom was on crack and that's what crackhead do. So I had a very early on, you know, she taught me how to steal, you know, stuff like that. So I, that's, that's natural for me. And it was normal, which actually helped because I could see through his bullshit a lot because I could just see things that I saw in my mom. And I really, I I, I tried so hard to not be like my mom that I tried not to manipulate people. I tried to do the opposite. Even though I wasn't addict. I would, I would try not to to do stuff like that even though, you know, in the end I was full blown crack head and it did happen.

14 (3h 34m 21s):
But especially with Ben too, he's so intelligent, it's so easy for him to manipulate people. And I, I'm, I'm sure there were times when we were manipulating that. We didn't even think of it like that.

4 (3h 34m 34s):
Were you concerned that he was manipulating you?

14 (3h 34m 40s):
I mean, yeah, there, there was definitely concern in that. And I knew he was, you know, because he was like, what do you know you're gonna have the baby? And you know, he would bring all these things up that I didn't have a very happy childhood, you know, obviously from what I just told you. But he did, he did have a perfect childhood and I think he, and he kept throwing out there, you know, we can do this and we can have this baby and we can get married and you see, I make money, we can have a big house and I see you work your ass off. We can do this, we can do this together. And I think that was his way of, I guess, manipulating me into staying and, and working it out. And at the time I wanted to slit his throat. But I'm very happy that I did stay.

14 (3h 35m 21s):
And, and I'm glad that that little manipulation did stick a little bit.

4 (3h 35m 26s):
How long did it take for you to get over all this and a hundred percent trust?

14 (3h 35m 33s):
A hundred percent trust? Probably when we moved to Georgia, I think, I think I went to Georgia June 1st, 2019, my first day clean. And I think that's when I just let everything go up until that point. Like I would still think of the emails and like the thought of some things. I'd want to kill him in his sleep. And I would actually think about it sometimes. But once we moved away from Memphis and like literally had to leave everything behind with just the clothes on our backs and a $700 truck with stolen plates, I was like, okay, I really am starting my life over with this man and I can't, I have to forgive.

14 (3h 36m 17s):
And, and I've learned this my whole life, you know, God teaches forgiveness and I knew that if I was going to continue my life with him, I would have to forgive him before, before God would allow anything good to happen. I was gonna have to forgive him. And so I just, I just decided it's, it's time, it's time to forgive him. And, and that was it.

4 (3h 36m 42s):
Why did you guys move to Atlanta?

14 (3h 36m 45s):
We moved to, well it's like an hour north of Atlanta. It's a little city called Cumming. And we, well, we moved to stay alive. That was at the very, the worst part of our addiction right then. And we knew if we didn't leave Memphis, if we didn't leave right at that minute, we were going to die. He actually left a week before I did. I didn't know if I was ready yet. And if you leave or you say you're gonna stop doing drugs before you're ready, it's not gonna stick. You're

4 (3h 37m 16s):
Gonna, so wait a minute. So there was more after the NyQuil? Hmm? There was more after the NyQuil.

14 (3h 37m 23s):
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. That I meant until he got back, until we relapsed for the first time, you know, together. Oh, and also like I was pregnant when all of this happened. Once I had my child, I always have to have c-sections. So they put me on pain pills. I never got off of them. I just kept taking them. I had so much resentment and hatred for him that I just stayed on pain pills. And like three weeks after I had James, our first, I get a call from Shelby County that he's in jail and he got caught with crack right in front of the trap house like three weeks after my C-section.

14 (3h 38m 6s):
Like I could barely move, you know, I was breastfeeding, had this huge ass scar. I was an asthmatic so I was dealing with an asthma attack at the same time. So all of that just, I never stopped taking my pills. I was like, fuck it, he's gonna go get high, I'm gonna stay high. And so I just kept taking pain pills.

4 (3h 38m 27s):
So you didn't relapse together?

14 (3h 38m 30s):
We did later and it was bad. And we, we tried to keep each other sane and good that there would be periods. I, I tell everybody, it's just like a rollercoaster. I would be high, he would be clean or he would be drunk and then I would finally be okay. And then he started getting, and this is like, you know, years in the making, we get thrown out of him and Aaron's house, they foreclose on it. We end up getting a much bigger house. And I'm a workaholic just like him. I'm like a machine. I don't talk, I just work. So we were making money, just just swimming and money.

14 (3h 39m 11s):
And the whole time he's buying my pills. 'cause obviously the doctors cut me off, you know, I don't need c-section pills anymore. And so I'm like, you know, I'm, I'm getting sick If I don't have these pills and I'm getting them from my sister, I'm getting them from anybody I can. And every once in a while in Memphis there will be a drought and you can't find pills. And I was so sick and he can't stand to see me sick. So he was like, we both know. 'cause I was on heroin before I even met him. We know if you can't find pills, you go get heroin and it's a lot cheaper to begin with. Anyway, so he went and got me heroin. I think that lasted about a week or two that I was just doing, no, probably about a week, a week at most.

14 (3h 39m 54s):
And he was like, you know what? Fuck it. I'm gonna get on heroin too. So then we were both on heroin and it was just straight downhill from there

4 (3h 40m 7s):
Were his five kids living with you guys.

14 (3h 40m 9s):
So they would be back and forth. They were with Aaron most of the time. But you know, they would come visit like we had this big hou like she had a little apartment. And I think because we're workaholics, we made so much money, we were able to afford this big house. And so there was, there's room for all of the kids, you know, altogether with my kid and his kid. There were six kids, seven kids, shit. 'cause I had James seven kids and there was room for all of them. And so they would come over there a lot. And it was a big nice house. They loved being over there. And I think at first, nobody really, nobody really understood the totality of how deep in it we were in because we made it look good.

14 (3h 40m 55s):
You know, we kept the businesses going. And for me, you know, lots of people, they think heroin junkies, they think of people, you know, just passing out in their chairs with the needle in their arm. That wasn't me at all. I, I guess from watching my mom all those years, I have to be in control. I cannot be so out of it that I don't know what's going on. So I would snort heroin and it would give me superpowers. Like I was like super mom, we would clean, I would make brownies, we would go feed the ducks. I was organizing everything. I was getting all my work done. I was doing all the emails. I was dealing with customers. Like it, nobody would've even thought that I was on drugs.

14 (3h 41m 36s):
I just looked like superwoman 24 7 until I got dope sick. Until I ran out of dope. And then like my hair hurt, my skin hurt everything. I couldn't move. And that's when people started noticing maybe they're back on drugs. And then, you know, money, money wasn't even an issue. Like, you know, most people, you know, something's going on because they're, they're running outta money. And we just didn't do that yet. We would eventually and we would eventually get kicked out of that house because crack became more important. And this is, I mean we're, we're talking about probably a five year span that I'm kinda going over right now.

14 (3h 42m 19s):
So

4 (3h 42m 20s):
How does a, how do the pills dry up in a city?

14 (3h 42m 26s):
I don't really know. Ben actually probably knows more. But I think they just bring in, you know, so much that sell so much. And maybe some get seized, you know, you'll see the, the big seizures they have. And sometimes those seizures were drugs that were meant for Memphis and then they just, I guess the supply kind of runs out.

4 (3h 42m 46s):
How did the crack come into play?

14 (3h 42m 50s):
So Ben was on crack before I even knew him. And, you know, when we first met, I'm, I'm very transparent about everything and I, you know, I told him my mom is a crack head and I told him I never wanted to do crack. I never wanted to end up like my mom. And my mom was also a raging alcoholic, a very violent one. So I stayed away from alcohol. I, to this day, I hate alcohol. I don't want anything to do with it. And so those two things I always stayed away from. And then one day we couldn't find heroin and I was just so, so sick. I was dog sick. I just, I couldn't move.

14 (3h 43m 30s):
But we could find crack. And I think Ben had already had some, there was one day that I, he was sick and I was not sick. So I go down to South Memphis to go try to find more heroin so I can make him better when he wakes up. 'cause he was just rolling around in his sleep and he was sweating and it was just, it was bad. So I was like, let me go down and I can, I can wake him up with some heroin and make him better. Well, I waited there for three hours. There was no heroin. All they had was crack. And I was like, well, I remember he used to do crack back in the day. Maybe crack will make him feel better. So, so I got like a 30 rock of crack.

14 (3h 44m 10s):
Brought it home to him and he, he was upset that there was no heroin because he knew he would still be sick. But he was happy that I brought him crack. So he was doing crack after that. And I think probably about two, three weeks after that, you know, the crack had already been established. He had been doing that. So when I couldn't find heroin, about two, three weeks later, he was like, well, I got this crack, but that's a bad idea. And I, I think I remember I was holding the pipe in my hand. I was like, how bad of an idea is this? He was like, that's the worst decision you will ever make. And I was like, fuck it.

14 (3h 44m 50s):
And I lit it. And that was the end of everything. That, that was all I wanted for the next year and a half,

4 (3h 44m 60s):
A year and a half.

14 (3h 45m 2s):
I feel like it was about a year and a half.

4 (3h 45m 3s):
What is crack?

14 (3h 45m 5s):
So it's cocaine and baking soda and water. That's, those are essentially the three ingredients. And they're cooked together, which you would think, you know, like cocaine, big deal. It's cocaine and, and you just add some baking soda and some water. You don't think it would be a big difference. But I guess there's, you know, snorting it, shooting it, smoking it, all three different routes, but all three very different feelings that you get from it. And smoking crack, as I found out was the one thing that, that's like, after that first hit, that was it. That destroyed me. Like that is all I wanted.

14 (3h 45m 47s):
I didn't want my kids, I didn't want my husband. We had gotten married in between that, there's a lot we skipped, but I just wanted crack. That was, that was it. That was everything. It took everything we had.

4 (3h 45m 59s):
What did you like so much about it?

14 (3h 46m 3s):
I guess the feeling and, and for somebody that's never smoked crack, you can't even really describe it. There's something called the bell ringer. And when you first hit crack for the very first time, or at least the very first few times, there's something they call the bell ringer. And it's, it's almost like you hear a bell in your head and it's, I can, I can't, in words, I cannot describe it, but that is what you chase every other time you're doing it. You are chasing for that bell ringer. You want that first feeling again, kind of like how Ben described the heroin, but this is so much worse. Like it's just, it consumes every bit of you.

14 (3h 46m 47s):
It just, it just takes you,

4 (3h 46m 51s):
Where were your kids when you guys were doing this?

14 (3h 46m 55s):
I think for the most part they were at Aaron's house. They would come every once in a while. We would never let them see anything. Of course, James lived with us because he was ours. He wasn't Aaron's. So he lived with us during it. And he was one and a half, two years old. He had no idea what that was, what we were doing. We did not do it in front of him at first when we were living in that house, we wouldn't do it in front of him until the very end. And I do, I think I've blocked out some parts and things will come back to me sometimes. And I remember the movie Boss Baby, when I hear the theme music for that and like my, our, our 4-year-old plays it now and it still brings me back to that big house.

14 (3h 47m 47s):
And we'd be in our room and he was obsessed with Boss Baby. And I just remember sitting on the bed with him. He was watching TV and I was just sitting next to him smoking crack. I made sure to blow the smoke in the other direction though, like, like that did anything good. But I do remember that I, I did, I did smoke in front of James, I think only because he was one and a half, two years old and he had no idea what it was. But you know, I look at it now and, and I just think like, what fucking damage I could have done? Like, could he have gotten high could that smoke have messed him up? You know, and it just, it, it hurts to know some of the shit that we put him through.

14 (3h 48m 29s):
And I haven't even got into like the, the really deep shit that we put him through. And I'll probably let Ben talk about that. But that's, that boy went through it. He didn't know it because he was only two. What is some of the shit? So when we got kicked out of the house and it was, there's a rapper called Young Dolf. He's a Memphis rapper, very famous. He just got murdered a couple, like a year ago, two years ago. His mother was the one that rented the house to us. We didn't know this at the time. So when we get kicked out, they didn't do anything legal. It's like three huge linebackers, just boom, boom, boom. Y'all haven't paid your rent. So they come in and throw all our shit out, like literally everything we own everything we have acquired through years and years of nothing but work is thrown on the front, on the front porch or on the, on the front lawn.

14 (3h 49m 23s):
And this is a gated community. So like, like rich people live here, like it was a nice fucking house. And so we have all these people like, you know, what's going on. And so they know we have kids. So that looks bad to begin with. But, so we, we move out of this nice ass house and I think that same day our, our Good Tahoe, our good Tahoe shits the bed and we have to find a new vehicle. And so we, we had no vehicle, we got kicked outta the house. All we could do is rent a U-Haul, which we didn't even have money to do. My dad had to buy that U-Haul. We, we just shoved what we can into the U-Haul.

14 (3h 50m 3s):
There's only two seats. One for me and one for Ben. James is sitting in a car seat like right in the middle. He is not strapped in. There's nowhere to put 'em. And we just drop 'em off at my dad's house because what are two addicts gonna do when they get kicked out of their house with nothing? You go back and you go get high. And that's what we did. So I knew my dad's house was a safe place for him. So we took him to my dad's house. My dad, I think is in denial a lot about what was going on. And we're, I'm not terribly close to my dad, you know, we don't just talk and gab on the phone Every day. And you know, he had to deal with my mom for so many years.

14 (3h 50m 45s):
He knew something was going on. He knew I'd been in addiction for most of my life. And I think he just didn't wanna ask questions. He was just like, just leave James here. Y'all go do whatever. And we did. And we went and started. We just lived in the trap house for like weeks at a time and when it, when I started. And, and Madison too, like Madison's 10 years old. Wait 10, I mean, good Lord. Madison's like 14 at this point. I gotta think. 13. 13 I think. And she goes to my dad's house too 'cause I don't want them to, to see any of this because of, you know, the shit I saw when I was little.

14 (3h 51m 25s):
I don't want them to see any of this. So Maddie does stay with my dad for the most part. You know, James is two so I can't leave him with my dad all the time. So, we'll, we'll have like little shifts. Well first five days we got kicked out, we went straight to the dope house and we stayed there for five days straight. We did not leave. We just smoked crack for five days. And they knew us there because we had always had so much money that they're like, yeah, we'll front you, that we'll front you that we'll front you that we didn't even have money. I think Ben's up, Ben ends up buy, selling the Tahoe that shit, the bed like for parts or something or just as a chunk of junk and got a little bit of money that got us some more crack.

14 (3h 52m 9s):
And before we knew it, we're just going back and forth, going to see James and Maddie and coming back to the trap house and you know, my dad's, he's got a life, he is got a job. So we'll have James with us. And we would, we would never take him into the trap house. 'cause I was al they had a lot of drive-bys. Like if you look at this house, there was just riddled with bullet holes, bullet holes everywhere. So I was, I was always afraid if I brought him into the trap that we would have drive-by and he would get shot. So we would go, we would go get our dope and we'd go drive. We would just drive around in the Tahoe. James would be in the back seat in his car seat and, and we would just smoke crack.

14 (3h 52m 54s):
I would be in the front seat, Ben would be driving and we'd just drive around Memphis smoking crack. And our friends were all prostitutes. And if we didn't have enough money, they had money because they were turning tricks so they could get more crack. So, you know, they'd hop on in the, the truck and we'd all smoke crack together and we'd go to different traps together. So it would me, Ben James, and like three or four prostitutes hanging out in this Tahoe or whatever it was. I think we and the U-Haul at first, and then we end up finding the $700 truck that we managed to buy. And, sorry, I'm jumping around all over the place, I think.

14 (3h 53m 38s):
How do you know where all the trop houses are? Just kind of word of mouth. Ben showed me the first one in South Memphis, which is the one he used to frequent before we were even together. And then, you know, we were, we made money do boys like money. So even though we were the only white people out there, they loved us. They, they brought us in like family. And also, you don't wanna be outside a trap house if you're white one, it's an eyesore. Like the cops know if that's a house on that street and there's two white folks outside the window, you know, everybody knows what's going on. So me and Ben had this thing and we would walk up and we'd knock on the window and go back door.

14 (3h 54m 21s):
And that meant we're here. Go open the back door to let the white folks in. And the back door was barricaded. It had a pole or like a two by four on three different levels, or maybe it was two different levels to keep the cops or buy them a little bit of time for when the cops kicked in the door. So we'd say back door and we'd walk in and, and that was it. And we'd stay in there for a little while because they don't want white folks going in and out of the place. So we would sit in there for hours and in those hours we would see the prostitutes come in. The other dope boys come in. So you would meet, we would network. It was like, it was like drug networking.

14 (3h 55m 0s):
So we'd meet the other dope boys, we'd meet the other prostitutes who would, you know, introduce us to other dope boys or you know, other, it was just like a, it's a big drug networking system.

4 (3h 55m 11s):
Did you see any of the stuff going on inside the trap house that Ben was talking about earlier?

14 (3h 55m 16s):
So Ben was, we, we did see a lot of bad stuff together. I did not see a murder happen. Luckily he did. But you know, we were held at gunpoint together on multiple occasions. We were kidnapped together on one occasion with James. All of those started in the trap house. You know, we would

4 (3h 55m 42s):
Why were you kidnapped?

14 (3h 55m 43s):
So we owed a dope boy a lot of money. How much? God? Couple of grand. I can't remember exactly how much it was. I know it was a couple of grand though. And everybody knew that we sold firearms parts. We, we didn't sell the firearm, but we sold parts for the firearms and you know, around the gangsters, that's, that's real. You know, that's real cool. Everybody loves that. So everybody wanted to be friends with us. Everybody was, you know, happy to have Ben and Jess over, you know, oh, they can give you shit for your ar and they can get you tannerite. And so everybody was very free with their, with their fronts, with their letting us borrow drugs to pay them back later.

14 (3h 56m 27s):
And this one guy just did it a little too much and we didn't have the money to pay him back. So we kind of actually ran from this guy for a little while because some of those guys were like really nuts about their money. They want their money. And I didn't know what they were gonna do to us, what they were gonna do to my 2-year-old. So we kinda ran for a little while and there's a lady named Vicki and we knew Vicki from the streets and she had just gotten, or, or she had had, she had like a little apartment on the another side of town. I knew we wouldn't be around anybody and they let us move in for a little bit. That didn't last very long.

14 (3h 57m 8s):
And we called the same dope boy because when you want crack, you want crack. Like you don't care if you're gonna get shot, you wanna hit that crack. So we called him again and we were like, will you, you please just front us just like one more time. And he comes there and he picks us up and he gives us some crack. And it's me, our little 2-year-old James and Ben and we're in the backseat. He gives us a crack and we smoke it and we just drive around for a little bit and he doesn't take us back to Vicki's house. He, it was a very nice kidnapping, I will say that because he had kids of his own.

14 (3h 57m 49s):
So I know that he didn't want, he didn't wanna hurt James or anything like that. He just wanted his fucking money. So he was like, we're not going back to that house. Y'all are coming with us. And so me and Ben are like, what the fuck? Like, we're in the back, we're in the back seat, just like mouthing to each other. What the fuck is going on? So, and he does in fact take us to his mom's house. I'm guessing maybe that's where he was staying at the, at that point. And he takes us to his mom's house in Raleigh or Freight Raleigh. And we go and we have to stay the night and we, it's just like this little tiny room with mattresses on the floor and they're like smoking so much weed.

14 (3h 58m 35s):
Like there's so much smoke in this room. I can barely see my hand. I, I don't want anything to do with weed at this point. Like all I want is crack, but I'm not trying to ask for anything. I'm just trying to get my kid out of there. But I know that I can't say anything. And I'm afraid that if I do say, will you please not smoke so much around my kid? I'm afraid that, you know, you don't know what these guys are gonna do. So I just had to sit there with my mouth fucking shut and just act like everything was okay. And I was just like, James, are you having fun? You know? And I just had to keep that smile on and I had to make it seem like we were just having a sleepover. And I, and, and me and Ben were fucking scared shitless about what the fuck was about to happen next.

14 (3h 59m 19s):
And we stay the night there, you know, they, they smoke, he makes a couple of serves and is his girlfriend stays in the room to make sure we don't leave. And we, we do fall asleep there. We wake up the next morning and, and we, they take us out of his mom's house and we're just driving around again. And the whole time me and Ben are like, just feeing for, for crack. We just want crack so bad. But I don't wanna say anything 'cause I don't wanna risk anything happening to my son. So we just keep our mouth shut. And he's, so he, he's driving and he turns around is like, so what about that money?

14 (4h 0m 1s):
And so Ben like, gets on his phone and I don't know how he does it. Ben does this all the time. He just gets like, he'll fall in a pile of shit and come out with a hundred dollars bill. Like that's the shit shit Ben does. And he just gets on the phone and starts texting customers or answering emails or something. It ends up selling bump stocks. 'cause we were like the number one distributor or the number two distributor of bump stocks, slide fires that year. 'cause this was right after the casino thing happened. So everybody wanted them before they were gonna get banned. And Ben's ends up selling like however many, I don't even remember how many he's told, but we were able to get this guy his money and he let us go.

14 (4h 0m 47s):
We were all okay, nobody got shot or murdered, but for a minute there, I didn't know what the fuck was about to happen to us.

4 (4h 0m 54s):
So this went from never happens in front of the kid to watching TV with him smoking crack to in the trap house to getting kidnapped. And he is two years old,

14 (4h 1m 8s):
Two years old. And it just spiraled

4 (4h 1m 11s):
Shit.

14 (4h 1m 12s):
Yeah, it was horrible. And it went quick. It just, it was just boom, boom, boom. Like worse, worse, worse, worse. And it just kept going.

4 (4h 1m 24s):
Was that as bad as it got?

14 (4h 1m 27s):
No, I guess for James, for James, that's as bad as it got. I I I think that kind of, I kind of opened my eyes a little bit and I, I somewhat got kidnapped away from Ben and away from James. We had another guy that, you know, had fronted us and I had promised him my wedding ring and so he ended up taking me and he, he wouldn't let me out of his sight until we were like going to get it appraised and you know, so after that happened I was like, okay, I, I've been technically kidnapped like twice now. Maybe it's time to, to slow it down and, but you don't really have that choice when you're on crack.

14 (4h 2m 8s):
You don't, you don't get to make that like, it, it consumes every bit of you. It just takes you and I think it, the only way to get out of it is to like sufficiently suffer enough to go through so much shit that you're like, you know what? I would just seriously rather die than to live like this anymore. And at one point I had lost Ben, like we were living in a $700 truck with stolen plates at this point. And Brandon Kelly, the his best friend that would later overdose was kind of living in the truck with us. And I don't remember where Ben went, I think we dropped him off at a hotel to go score some dope for us.

14 (4h 2m 53s):
He stole my phone and I couldn't find him. Like he wasn't at the hotel anymore. I couldn't call him because I realized he had stolen my phone and we, we seriously had just lost each other for like three or four days. I had no idea where he was. I just rolled around and the Tahoe looking for him. And I think that was one of the things like I I, we had gone through this much shit together and now we're in the same area running around with the same people doing the same drugs and we couldn't find each other. And as much as I was angry at him for, for stealing my phone and, and doing all the shit that we had done to each other and act of addiction, I knew that I still love this man and I needed to find him and I, I didn't want to lose him.

14 (4h 3m 40s):
And I think the, the thought of losing him or knowing that he could be dead in an alley somewhere and I had no idea. I think that was part of what, what got me to my end of being ready to quit. And then you hear Ben's version and he wakes up just hovered in blood, has no idea where it came from. So I think that part and then Ben's part and we just, were like, you know what? We're gonna die. If we don't leave, we're gonna die. Our kids are gonna die. We're gonna, it's time to go.

4 (4h 4m 9s):
Was there infidelity in here too?

14 (4h 4m 11s):
Not, not on my end. I'm, I'm, I've never been unfaithful ever

4 (4h 4m 18s):
On Ben's end

14 (4h 4m 19s):
On just with those three that we talked about earlier.

4 (4h 4m 22s):
Not during this,

14 (4h 4m 23s):
Well, because all we hung around were prostitutes and even though he was cheating, Ben treasures his penis. So he wasn't going around prostitutes.

4 (4h 4m 33s):
What are we missing?

14 (4h 4m 37s):
I mean, there's a, there's a whole lot. I didn't know how long I was gonna be sitting here, so I was just kind of jumping around. There's like, Ben went in a in a very, a very nice order and I was just kind of all over the place. There's, I mean the whole hell of a lot missing.

4 (4h 4m 57s):
She stabbed me.

14 (4h 4m 58s):
I did, I stabbed him. I mean there's a lot that's missing.

4 (4h 5m 1s):
You stabbed him.

14 (4h 5m 3s):
It was more of a slash it was a slash but he, one of the times that he tried to get sober, he, he got really, really bad drinking. This is when we were in our, our big nice house and we had all the, we were just swimming in money and he just started drinking again and got so bad that he would take the upper of his gun, didn't even have the rest of the gun with it. He would just take the over and be like, I'm going to kill some cops. And he would like literally run out the front door thinking he was gonna go kill cops. Like that's how out of his mind he was. And it got, it got so bad like that, that I was like, dude, you gotta, we gotta do something like this is gonna get really fucking bad.

14 (4h 5m 43s):
And remember, like I, I grew up with an extremely violent alcoholic for a mother. So that's what I, you know, I'm used to getting beat shitless. So like I'm, he's never been violent with me, but I'm just seeing this progression and I just know that at some point he's gonna start beating the shit outta me like my mom used to. So I'm getting really fucking scared. I'm like, dude, you've gotta do something because I can't, once you start hitting me, I've gotta go and I don't wanna leave him. And I know that. So she's like, cool, I'll it, it's fine. I will take a a shot. There's a shot called Vivitrol and it makes it to where like, you don't want alcohol or if you do drink alcohol, it's supposed to make you sick or something like that.

14 (4h 6m 26s):
So, so he starts doing that shot and at first he does okay first maybe a week or two. Well then he starts drinking and he starts drinking with it. Turns out that when you drink with Vivitrol it makes you extremely violent. And he got, he got really, really angry. I don't even remember what it was about. And I remember we were arguing over something and he gets in my face and it's almost like PTSD from when me and my mom used to be. And I just reacted and I, I think I just pushed him or something.

14 (4h 7m 8s):
I was just trying to get him outta my face and away from me 'cause I didn't wanna get beat. And he took that as an act of aggression. And he took my head in like, like with his, he is got a big hands dude. So he took my whole head and bashed it into the wall. And like I saw black like for a split second, I think any harder. And I would've, like, he would've bang me blackout. Luckily I didn't, luckily it was like a half second of blackness and I, you know, I was like, oh fuck, he could've just really fucked me up. And I, I'm always carrying a blade, always since I was like 14, I've carried knives on me. And so I just pull out my knife and I just slashed the shit out of his arm, like right here.

14 (4h 7m 50s):
And that was it. Like gloves were off at this point. He was like, oh fuck no bitch. And he just starts, you know, pushes. I, it was such a blur that I can't tell you exactly everything that happened, but I do know that we were at each other's throats. He was trying to hit me, I was trying to hit him. There was a knife involved. There's blood everywhere and we make it into the bedroom. And I think at this point, like he's, you know, I'm a girl, he's a guy. He's a lot stronger than me and I know this. And so I'm trying to get the fuck away from him because he's literally like blackout drunk out of his mind.

14 (4h 8m 29s):
He's not been anymore. And so I'm trying to run from him because I just realized I just slashed this motherfucker, he's gonna kill me. So I run into the bedroom and I try to close the door, of course he kicks it open and gets on top of me and starts choking me. So much so that I'm starting to blackout, like I'm starting to lose consciousness. And Thomas and his girlfriend Jackie were like in a truck in, in the garage or in the driveway this whole time. Like he was supposed to be coming in to get his belongings or something. Like Thomas, he had decided to move back to Thomas' house for a second or for a while. 'cause we had gotten into it.

14 (4h 9m 10s):
'cause he was drunk. So they were sitting outside waiting on him to, to come back out. He was supposed to just be coming in to get his items. So I kind of come to, 'cause I was barely even conscious at this point. And Thomas is ripping him away from me and pulling him off me because he's, I mean, just hands around my neck, I'm gonna fucking kill you bitch. And just like it was, it was very bad. It was, it was a very traumatic experience. But I, I do believe had Thomas not peeled him off of me, I would not be here right now. I'd, I would be, I almost lost consciousness.

14 (4h 9m 51s):
So it was, there's not a lot of stories like that, that was the most violent one between us. There were a couple of knife fights over heroin just because I always have a knife and I always pull out a knife. So that's on me. But there was a lot of bad that

4 (4h 10m 10s):
Happened. Wow. Let's get Ben back in the seat. Okay, I wanna pick up right before the turning point. She had mentioned you woke up in a, with blood everywhere. So what was that? To this day, we don't know. I woke up in the empty lot next to 1428 Woodward Street, which is a very significant address. That's the house that she was describing. It's full of bullet holes where, you know, we had friends die in that house. Friends shot in that house. I had disappeared. I went into a blackout drunk.

4 (4h 10m 54s):
I I wanted to get outta that life very bad. And I knew if I kept going back to her dad's where I had a soft place to land, I was not going to. And so I, I decided to just go all out and either die or at rock bottom. But it was gonna happen that week, one or the other. I mean, I got nose to nose with a, a real young gangster disciple who had a pistol to my gut and told 'em to pull the trigger. I mean, I was begging somebody to kill me. And that was on Hemlock Street. So two blocks over from Woodward. And that was the last thing I remember before waking up the, the 26th of May, 2019.

4 (4h 11m 43s):
And that empty lot just covered head to toe and blood when I came to like, I was coughing up blood and I figured I must've been puking blood. 'cause I was, I could still taste vodka. So I knew I'd been drinking a lot. And then as I got up, like I, it was all over me. And so I didn't know how badly hurt I was or what had happened. And then there wasn't a cut on my body. So I I, to, to this day, I don't know what happened. And I, as I realized where I was of the window to buy dope from is right there. And I looked over and Daphne or Reha or whoever's in the window and it, my body is wanting to go to the window and get dope to wake up and figure out what to do.

4 (4h 12m 24s):
And I just couldn't do it. I could not take another step in that direction. I couldn't remember anything from the proceeding. Several days, Madison's father, Nick, I had been helping, trying to mentor and get him into a better life. He'd recently gotten outta prison and had no idea that we were shot off. He was murdered the 19th of May. I was the last person to talk to him. And he was killed for kicking a roommate out that I told him he needed to kick out before we would let Maddie come spend the summer with him. So I immediately took that upon myself that it was my fault and I went and drank at it.

4 (4h 13m 5s):
And it began my, my progression to rock bottom that week. I found a phone that day and and called my dad and he told me to just come home and I didn't know how the hell I was gonna get there. And long story short, I ended up going to Georgia. I got on Greyhound bus. I didn't get high that day. I was done. That was it By yourself. By myself. And I told Jess, I was like, you can either come with me or I'm getting my shit together and I'm coming back for James 'cause this, this is over. We're not doing this anymore. And we'd had similar conversations a couple times.

4 (4h 13m 45s):
I would go to detox and tell her you're coming or I'm leaving. And she'd come, she'd show up. You know, we'd been through this a few times. And then every time it happened, somebody would die. Somebody would get murdered, there'd be another overdose and we'd relapse. And this time I was done. I was getting the fuck outta Memphis. I couldn't stay. And so I went to Georgia and I'm a control freak. I always have to, to manage everything, manipulate really everything. I, at this point, you know, I had to be in control of, well you've heard my story, everything and and, and my attempts to exert control over things I shouldn't have any control over. His historically fucked my life up in epic proportions.

4 (4h 14m 29s):
That part of my brain I think broke that day. I didn't know what was about to happen. I had absolutely no control over anything. I had the clothes on my back and that was it. And I was okay with it for the first time in my life. I had no idea what was gonna happen tomorrow. And I didn't care. And the feeling of freedom that I had is something I cannot put into words that I was just, I was okay in that moment. I was okay not knowing what's coming. And, and that is, that is the peace I have wanted since I was 13 years old to not be in control and to be okay with it.

4 (4h 15m 13s):
And I finally found that, that day it was on the tail end of all of that misery. You just heard 18 arrests, I don't even know how many friends dead and gone, you know, I've been stabbed, I've been shot at, I've lost everything. But I finally reached a point where I just don't care anymore. I'm okay, I'm okay. And a week later she, she hit the same point I got on Greyhound bus back to Memphis, got that $700 truck and James and started the drive back to Atlanta.

4 (4h 15m 53s):
And I remember I took a picture in the rear view mirror of that truck of Memphis in the rear view. And I went and made some, you know, stupid emo dramatic post on Facebook. Like, oh, I'm leaving this city in the rear view for good. And, and we laughed about it, you know, and like, not even 20 minutes later I looked at her and I was like, dude, we gotta go back. She's like, whatcha talking about? Like, I, I don't know, I don't know. Something's our work's not done in Memphis. And that was like, just clear as day, not like an audible voice, but it clear as day a message God was sending me is my work was not done in Memphis. And we laughed because what work did I have in Memphis?

4 (4h 16m 36s):
Like it was just death and destruction for the last five years, man. But that was kind of foreshadowing of what was to come, you know, we go to my parents, get a job at this, this data company. Just a bullshit job. I haven't worked for anybody other than myself in 10 years. But I was looking at the bigger picture and you know, even though we, we lost everything on paper, I still retained a lot of data and a lot of expertise in, in the marketing area, digital marketing in particular. I still had a lot of email lists. I still had a lot of ip.

4 (4h 17m 16s):
And so I'm looking at like, what am I sitting on right now? What do I have in front of me? What can I rebuild with? And I decided to get a job at this data company and, and see what I could learn about how they're manipulating data and running data intelligence for large corporations. And I meet this guy named Robert and he's my boss. We didn't really get along because he was convinced I'd been hired to replace him. He didn't know about my background. He just knew that I had worked, you know, fortune 500 and had a college degree. I was getting paid next to nothing. I was working crazy hours. I'm driving a truck that I can't register.

4 (4h 17m 57s):
Like I don't have a title to it. I bought it from some dope boy who stole it from his mom. Like, but I'm clean, you know, and things are going really well. I landed a, a deal to pitch a data concept essentially to Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, oddly enough on how to use data to predict the likelihood of a rare disease to do their digital marketing. And Robert and I kind of had an open conversation about the dislike between the two of us around that. We go to New York and, and we have the conversation over beer. Alright, so I've relapsed now this is like in August I think of 2019 and I'm still sticking things out this data company.

4 (4h 18m 48s):
I'm still trying to figure out how they're going. And I tell Robert what I've got as far as my email lists and, and all the, the different strategies I used to use to get firearms products around Google's stupid rules. And we just start having this ongoing conversation about how we're gonna figure out how to do what this company does. Only we're gonna do it uniquely to the firearms industry who has so much trouble advertising in the walled gardens of Facebook and Google and all that. And we continued the conversation October 3rd of, of 2019, I, I relapsed again. Got totally transparent with Robert about my background, about everything.

4 (4h 19m 31s):
And we're still living with my parents. Like it's not comfortable. I'm, I'm sleeping on a couch. Jess and James are upstairs, you know, in twin beds. Like they're nearing retirement age at this point. They weren't planning on having their 37-year-old son and you know, his new family moving in with 'em. But they, they opened their doors to us and I was determined to make it work. And Robert told me when I, I opened up to him, he is like, look, I don't, I don't get it. I'm not an alcoholic, but whatever I can do to help you through this, I'm here for it. And I've really called him task on that promise. And it, we haven't stopped since I, I went to aa.

4 (4h 20m 12s):
I did not want to go to AA because I was still convinced at this point that I was special and that I wasn't like all these other crack heads and junkies and drunks that I'm gonna recover different, I don't have to go to meetings. So reluctantly I went to AA on October 4th, 2019 and I shared in a meeting and this marine pipes up, his name's David Gibson, come to find out he is got a background, not too dissimilar than mine. And we talk and he, he shares some words of wisdom with me and I get a sponsor and I start working steps and you know, Jess and I had it in the back of our heads this whole time that when Brandon died, little Brandon, we were gonna relapse.

4 (4h 20m 60s):
That was our reservation. You know, kinda like you held onto that bag of coke for so long. Like it's there, you're gonna beat it, but it's there if you need it. Kind of that like, we had that in the back of our head as I'm gonna stay sober, but you know, if I need to get high, I can do it when Brandon dies. 'cause we knew it was gonna happen. And December that day came, I realized I hadn't heard from him. And we had gone through this exact same scenario 18 months prior with his mother. We realized we hadn't heard from her and nobody could reach her. And so we went and did a wellness check and found her dead and decomposing. And so 18 months later I, I see the same thing playing out with Brandon.

4 (4h 21m 40s):
And I sent, I called one of my employees from re tech who I'd stayed in contact with over the years. He'd watched my rise and fall over and over again. And I told him what was going on. He said, get me an address. And he went and checked and Brandon had been dead a few days. And in that moment that one hurt. It still hurts because Brandon should have made it out with us.

4 (4h 22m 21s):
You know, he had nobody, one of the letters his mom wrote when she killed herself mentioned something to the effect of she, she knew that he'd be okay 'cause he had us looking out for him now. And I failed to do that. Not only did I fail to do it, I left in there to die. And, and that one cut me really fucking deep, man. Just because of the totality of our story. We didn't really have time to get into a lot of Brandon, but he changed the way I look at a lot of things and I wouldn't have been able to get off of dope if it wasn't for him, even though he went back out.

4 (4h 23m 4s):
We all did. But the one thing that didn't happen in that moment is we didn't want to get high. Neither one of us did. I, I called my sponsor and I called Brian Owens and he talked to Judge Dwyer. Judge Dwyer was the drug court judge who had terminated me from his program, gave me a $200,000 bond and tried to send me to prison. And Dwyer offered up their non-profit that we could fundraise for to bury Brandon because he literally had nobody left. And I used my social media presence to raise the money to bury him. And we went back to Memphis and, you know, we had him cremated and held a little memorial for him and, and gave the money we'd raised to the Drug Court foundation.

4 (4h 23m 53s):
And, and we found some weird healing in that. Not just the act of memorializing him, but the fact that we were able to raise money to care for somebody else that we don't even know. You know, just using a social media page, which at that time was nothing but shit posting. It was, but it, it lit a spark in our, our minds. And then as luck would have it, my sponsor was taking me through the steps very quickly and I was right, right? Getting ready for step 12 right about them, which is to be of service to those still struggling.

4 (4h 24m 34s):
And something clicked in our heads man. And we were like, we wanna do this. And we wanted, we want to find ways to raise money to help people who were fighting that battle. And we, I actually had the idea, probably high on crack back in 2017 to, to start a nonprofit called Flanders Fields. You know, the, you know, the poem by Lieutenant Colonel John McCray and Flanders Fields were Poppies grow. I don't, okay, it's poem about World War I, about a, a field of opium poppies called Flanders Fields and, and the Battle of re in Belgium. But it's got lots of imagery in it. There's dead people, you know, there's beauty rising from the ashes.

4 (4h 25m 15s):
There's opium poppies, which is what heroin comes from. And I wanted to make a nonprofit called Finders Fields to help vets battling opiate addiction. You know, and time goes by. I, I did figure out with Robert's help, how to replicate my data set across the entirety of the internet to very accurately predict who's about to spend money on a gun purchase or a gun accessory purchase. And I took that to Market in Black Rifle, which had originally been an e-commerce company. Selling parts is now a company doing advertising for Leviathans in the gun space. And it took off pretty quickly well enough that after that little Data company was acquired by a Fortune 500 and Robert was acquired in the acquisition with Golden Handcuffs, I was able to poach him away to bring him over to Black Rifle.

4 (4h 26m 7s):
And March of 21 we filed to start Planters. And, and the very first thing we did oddly enough was Fly Sergeant Deaton back to fucking rehab. He had, he had gone out and gotten addicted to cracking heroin just like I was. He went from pain pills to the same shit I did and was oddly enough facing a lot of gun charges too. It's weird how that one played out. But anyway, we did our first good deed as Slanders Fields and we're still waiting on IRS to approve it at this point. In July of 2021, our Marine Corps intelligence, NCO hits me up about Black Rifle, about what we're doing.

4 (4h 26m 51s):
He finds it intriguing. And so we started dialogue and I don't know, maybe around the 15th he calls me and it's like, you wanna do something crazy? And like hell yeah, I do. I'm bored. You know, we have at this point moved into our own house. We've got all the kids back. I think two of the kids that shared with Aaron had moved over to Georgia with us at this point, Lily and the twins stayed. And life's good. You know, we've got way more than we need, which is why we started the nonprofit because historically every time Jess and I have more than we need, we start making bad decisions with the excess.

4 (4h 27m 34s):
Except this time I'm marketing program of recovery. And anyway, my answer to him was, hell yes, I wanna do something crazy. And he goes, all right, cool, well I'll hit you up the next day or two. We're gonna get some people out of Afghanistan. I was like, I'm sorry, you said we're gonna do what now? He was like, yeah, the Taliban's taken over Afghanistan and we're gonna save some, some good guys. I was like, I don't know how I'm gonna help that, but, but okay. I ended up getting a call about a week later and thrown into this app called Signal, which I had never heard of. And I'm in chat rooms with all sorts of crazy professions, active duty, you know, three letter agencies.

4 (4h 28m 18s):
And they're wanting to know if we can use black rifles data sets to do anything in Afghanistan, to vet people, to find missing people, to plot safe ground routes, to spy on what somebody's consuming on their device. And the answers to some of those were, yes, the answers to other ones were no. And the answers to the other ones were like, I don't know, but we'll find out. And he ends up sending over a list of, it came from a Lieutenant general, I don't know if I should name, name the guy, but Jack Brit is the, the Marine NCO that, that pulled me into this. He owns the cyber samaritan.com.

4 (4h 28m 58s):
Really good dude. Just, just a damn good human being. He was volunteering at the time for the National Child Protection Task Force sends over this list and it's a list of 13 families that are stuck in Afghanistan being targeted by the Taliban for capture or kill. And he wants to know, can we get 'em, can we find him? Can we make contact? Is there anything we can do? And it's like a list of WhatsApp numbers and social media profiles or any other relevant selectors they had. And so I start combing through Breach Data because a lot of what we've built out on the black rifle side is collations of breached data from, you know, like you hear about like, park Mobile had a huge breach and all this information gets out.

4 (4h 29m 39s):
And so I started cross-referencing like who may have appeared in a breach. And the first family I had on there is that the last name is Parsi. And I started finding a lot of activity between that WhatsApp number, a Facebook account. And then I got down to a Hotmail email and then that linked back to a number at Fort Bragg, North Carolina or Fayetteville. And I didn't know it was Fort Bragg at the time. I called it. And the guy answered it, spoke English, said his name is Parsi. And so I like, what the fuck? So I hung up real fast 'cause I was a little freaked out, you know, and I, I realized like, I'm not doing anything nefarious, just call back and tell him what we're doing. And as it turned out, this was the now an American citizen brother of the guy we were looking for and he had direct comms with 'em.

4 (4h 30m 26s):
So not only is this missing person no longer missing, we know they're alive. We know exactly how many kids they have with 'em. We know where they are, we know they have a tie to the US military and so they're good to go, right? So we make contact with people inside the airport. I've been handing lists of phone numbers. It's kinda like Scott did with Pineapple Express. Well we were running the same lines in a lot of those. And I called the airport, I told these people to go to Addie Gate, you know, we had 'em, I think they had a yellow flag they were gonna hold up. And this Brit pulls 'em in like they're saved. We just saved 11 lives. Like I'm, I'm, I'm dumbfounded. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wow. But it happened.

4 (4h 31m 6s):
And that really kinda tricked me into doing the rest of Afghanistan. 'cause the, the feeling I got from that initial success, that was such a low lift effort. But now they think I'm a hero. You know, the family still checks in with me to this day. They tell me happy birthday all the time. Like it's, anyway, I was hooked. I was like, I gotta do this more. And so we, we went as we tend to do with all things way overboard into Afghanistan, alright, we're working multiple other angles through N-C-P-T-F. I end up in direct comms with a driver in Kabul. You know, one thing leads to another and I like have a ground team in Kabul now, like we're able to move people all over the place.

4 (4h 31m 49s):
We were getting people into Black Gate. I ended up in chats with Scott Mann, Oz Geist. That's how I met Sarah Adams. And right at the same time I started getting, because of Black Rifles success and because of the gun industry's general disdain for criminals and druggie, that started getting kind of open about my background, you know what I mean? And I had the exact opposite feedback that I was expecting, especially on LinkedIn. Like, people not only appreciated my openness, a lot of people were like, oh my, you know, I used to fight that too. And especially from the firearms industry itself, I was actually kind of surprised.

4 (4h 32m 29s):
So I'm in these ch that all these people who like can certainly pull up my background and figure out exactly who I am and what I've done. So it's good that I'm already being open. As we get closer to the 26th of August, things are getting real dicey in Kabul. Like we've had, we've had Afghans get shot on the other end of the phone with us while we're trying to guide 'em in. I've been given access to this geo scent reporting tool where we're able to see real time gunfire around the airport, where the checkpoints are. We're navigating like from 8,500 miles away. I'm in my basement in Georgia telling people how to get into the airport. I'm giving 'em contact with the driver. They can get 'em through the 82nd at Black Gate.

4 (4h 33m 11s):
Jess is on the phone with Afghan women. They're, you know, screaming and crying and praying in Dari and Jess is praying in English two totally different religions, but just trying to get the same thing done. It was a very surreal experience. Wow. I'm less than two years clean at this point in time. And like, I'm in direct comms with all of these special operators and like dudes that are literally on the ground in Afghanistan, guys that are across the border in Duchant Bay. We had people in Abu Dhabi at the humanitarian city up there. Like literally within 45 days time, I've gone from running my business and trying to find some purpose in life.

4 (4h 33m 55s):
We're waiting on the IRS to approve Flanders. So I can't do a lot other than fly my old buddy to treatment. And now I'm, I'm in chats with like super duper bad asses. And like right in the middle of this, somebody finally checks our mail. And the IRS had approved Flandersfields as a nonprofit on the 15th of August the day Kabul fell. So now I've got all of this going on, but now I have a mechanism to raise money because Flanders was chartered to help house homeless veterans. Did not say anything about American veterans. We've got all these allied members of the African National Army that were trying to help with, got former commandos, we're trying to help Jess at this by this point in time, has her own little small entourage of former Afghan female police officers.

4 (4h 34m 45s):
And then when the bomb goes off at Abbey Gate, you know, we couldn't get anybody else inside the airport. That was it. It was curtains. But we've already moved all these people from the sticks of Afghanistan to Kabul trying to get them into the airport and evacuate 'em. And so the need became immediately apparent for safe housing. And in these single chat rooms, there was like all sorts of people freaking out about the legality of this, the legality of that, you know, can, or do we need to do something with the Foreign Agent Registration Act? What's the Logan Act? All this crap I've never heard of, nor do I give a flying fuck about like, I'm, I'm barely two years away from being a criminal. So I don't care at all. I'm gonna find out if I can lease an apartment in Kabul, I'll be back in 10 minutes. So I call my guy back at Fort Bragg. He's like, yeah, my cousin's a real estate agent.

4 (4h 35m 27s):
What do you need? I was like, I need safe houses. So next thing I know, I'm signing a lease in Dari, right? Or Fari or whatever. I don't even know what the fuck it was. So we're signing leases in Afghanistan. We put, we start putting families in these safe houses because we can't get 'em outta the airport anymore. And my dream of Flanders fields and, and helping homeless and addicted vets is now morphed because my weaponized A DHD went for shiny objects in German and Kabul, Afghanistan. We ended up like no bullshit before it was over. We had 68 safe houses in Afghanistan. We had 'em in Kabul, we had 'em in Kdu, we had 'em in Zaba, we had 'em in Helman.

4 (4h 36m 9s):
We had 'em close to Torque em. I'm not sure how close we had Mazar Sharif at one point we were housing 650 former members. The military. Yeah. Yeah. We were, I I blew through my kids' college savings. But this whole time, like it's just, just we're learning how to get shit done real fast. Real fast. Make shit happen. We're making contacts and I had my life had purpose and before I know it, I've got two years clean. That's the longest I've had clean since that relapse in 2011. And like, I'm starting to realize if, if I maintain a purpose, maybe I actually can stay clean no matter how much money I make.

4 (4h 36m 51s):
So we've, we've dumped like all of our personal savings in Afghanistan, I'm making money just to give it to the nonprofit so that we can continue doing what we're doing over there. We had a lot of very early successes. We had a lot of really crappy things happen too. I ended up, I think it was November of 2021, I got invited to Fort Bragg to Yusak, United States Army Special Operations Command to come talk to a, a room full of three three Green Berets about how we're doing this. Like I'm literally a crack head and I'm being asked to come to Yusak and talk about what we're doing in Afghanistan.

4 (4h 37m 34s):
Damn. They had their own little NGO set up, I think it was called Team America. I can't remember what it was, but I met a whole bunch of guys up there. Jeff Dia, do you know him? Okay. And oh, it was hilarious when I, when I got there, you know, they did the background check at the low welcome center. So like, I think I'm fine because I'm, I'm there with Command Sergeant, major Fa Wafa, one of the Afghan commando guys who had, he had headed up a whole bunch of the commando stuff. I'm there with him and then with two former three, three SF guys.

4 (4h 38m 17s):
And I think I'm, I'm gonna be fine. And I'm watching the mps across the counter as running my shit and I'm like, oh no, I'm not fine. And so one of the, one of the mps is like the thick white girl covered tattoos. So I start flirting with her and then she looks down at her screen and looks back at me and goes, I know what you're doing outside. And I was like, oh fuck. So I walk out there, she's like, what are you doing? I was like, I'm trying to help with the Afghan evac. What do you mean? She's like, cut the shit. What is up with your background? I was like, I don't know what you're talking about. She's like, what the fuck are you doing here? And so come to find out the way they had entered all of those charges, which I beat every one of into the NCIC. It has me show 'em with like 14 felonies or some crap. I'm like, no, I don't have 14 felonies. I beat all of those.

4 (4h 38m 57s):
And she's like, well do you have proof of that? And I got smart with her. I'm like, yes, I always keep it with me. Come on, let's go to the truck. And she said, well is there anybody you can call? And so I, I called Division eight drug court who had terminated me. But we had started rebuilding that bridge with Brian Owens gets on the phone and I don't know if he pretended to be the judge or if they got Judge Dwyer on the phone, but they confirmed I do not have any felonies. And so they ended up letting me go into the base to do this little class at, at us. So, which was fucking cool as shit like it, but I still can't believe that actually happened. Yeah.

4 (4h 39m 39s):
Wow. But I, I tell you that story for a reason, the way God works in all of these little details, if I hadn't started getting open about my past with all of the people in the EVAC community before they work with me, I'm like, I wanna make sure you know who I am. Most of 'em already followed me so they knew who I was. They already know that I, I talk very openly about all this shit. But if I hadn't been open about that, that would've out to be right there in front of CSM Wafa and all these other guys. If I hadn't gone back and fixed the bridge with drug court, I wouldn't have been able to get on post. And all of these things just kept working together. They just, it's kind of like you see in those numbers repeatedly. You know, the little God winks, they just kept happening.

4 (4h 40m 20s):
2021 was a blur. Alright, Jess and I have been working with Randy Searls, another Green Beret who helped Scott with a couple of his books, put all of this into a book. So like, it's actually all written out with all the stories from the Afghan stuff. I don't wanna try to get into all that here 'cause I really wanna talk about what we're doing in Memphis. What's the name of the book? It's called We Fight Monsters. Yeah, it's called We Fight Monsters. And we're, we're launching a Kickstarter to help get it across the finish line at some point this month, probably before this actually airs. But having been on here and just said that it's gonna help a ton. So I hope people go look up the Kickstarter and it's going to go into detail about our background, what we did in Afghanistan, Ukraine, Haiti, Mexico.

4 (4h 41m 5s):
We've done some weird stuff in several places at this point. But it's, it's a roadmap for how to get good shit done in very weird places and odd circumstances and against all odds, which is really what we pulled off in Afghanistan. Man, that's amazing. And that's how long Silver, how long since I, I I hit two years right around the time, man. I went to Yusak. We ended up the next month, despite of redemption. It gets crazier. It gets crazier, I'm sure it does. The next month we get invited to Capitol Hill to meet with members of Congress and a lot of other soft guys.

4 (4h 41m 47s):
All right. And our childcare canceled the morning of her flight. So we bring Ava. So there's pictures of Ava entertaining former agency case officers, senators, like she was the star of the show up there in dc. We started tightening up these circles of people that we know and work with. And because we, we've got a reputation at this point as being folks who can get shit done in unorthodox ways. You know, I I if, if we have something that needs to get accomplished, our goal is to find a way to get it done. And I, I don't wanna worry about stupid stuff like legality until after the fact. I hope that never comes back to bite me in the ass.

4 (4h 42m 29s):
I've gotten lucky so far, right before Christmas, Jess gets a message. We started shutting down the safe houses 'cause we couldn't afford 'em, you know, or not just shutting 'em down. We were trying to find work for the guys or find them a pathway to somewhere else. Get 'em out, get 'em taken care of. But instead of keeping that house open and moving somebody else in, we just terminate the lease. And we started doing that in December. Just gets this message the day before, the day after Christmas from this girl and starts reading it to me. I'm like, Nope, we're not taking anymore. So the next thing I hear is screaming and sobbing.

4 (4h 43m 9s):
Coming from Jessica's phone, I'm like, what the fuck is that? So this girl has sent her a voice note in real time of the Taliban beating her father in front of her mother. And she tells us about herself. She's Shia Hazara, she's in college. She was 19 when the collapse happened, and she wants to finish college. Her dad was commando served with our green bets since the inception of the commando course, served in the a NA four years prior to that. Like, this is somebody we gotta help. And Jess basically, she basically told me, I don't give a shit what you say, we're helping him. So she moved them into a safe house. That girl lives with us today in Memphis. Wow. She started college two weeks ago in Memphis, Tennessee.

4 (4h 43m 54s):
She is today probably the single most protected individual in the city of Memphis, hands down by both sides of the law. It's been absolutely amazing to watch it. It took three years to get her here, but she smuggled herself alone through 14 countries through the dairy and gap into Mexico. And then we, we started helping again in Mexico. I don't even know how I ended up with contacts in Mexican government as part of all of this weird stuff we've done. We got sent down to Mexico during the evacuation out of Ukraine. And so I had contacts from the Mexican government that helped us get her from Guatemala through Mexico.

4 (4h 44m 38s):
And then friends that I've made at CBP helped get her lawfully into America. I made the CBP friends when we responded to the Valda Massacre. Wow. Yeah. And I would love to, I do talk about all these in the book. I would love to sit here and talk to you about 'em, but I don't, what do you mean? She's protected by both sides of the law, bro. Everybody loves her. The gang members, the cops like both sides of the law, know her, love her, appreciate her watch out for her ex-cons, like everybody in Memphis knows who she is and, and they will not fuck with her. You know, she's just the most cared for person in the city of Memphis right now. Wow.

4 (4h 45m 18s):
Yeah. What's her name? Rizzo. Her dad and siblings are still stuck in Pakistan and that sucks, you know, lost any and all ability to get people moved. But, you know, all told in that effort, I mean, we helped, I mean, I directly got about 250 people into the airport before we were no longer able to get 'em in. And then after the fact we worked a lot too. And I, I want to touch on all these crazy stories just to illustrate the network of people we've got that are helping us do what we're doing in Memphis is staggering. It's not just addicts and it's not just vets and it's not just cops and it's not just federal agents.

4 (4h 46m 5s):
It's people from literally every walk of life that has come alongside an effort to help people who could never, ever repay them. And this method that, I guess you can call it, that we're using, it's kind of Scott's idea. We, we did it in Ukraine, we did it in Ecuador to evacuate some American medical students that were stuck. We did it a little bit in Haiti to save a guy that was kidnapped by Cannibal gang. We did it twice in Mexico. We've used it in Uvalde, we used it at Q Club, we did it again with Task force, Lana. These grassroots movements that you hear Scott talk about all the time, they're real.

4 (4h 46m 46s):
They're very real. And, and I think the time for Americans to stop paying so much attention to the division that our mainstream media pedals, that that time is now because it's not real. It's manufactured division. And I can tell you this, as a white guy that goes under the blackest streets of South Memphis where everything revolves around race and I'm able to get done some amazing things. I'm able to, I'm out there fighting narcotics trafficking, not by putting people in jail, not by shooting people, by meeting people where they're at.

4 (4h 47m 26s):
And I'm able to take food off the table of drug dealers and have them help me do it. I have, I have been able to get convicted. Human traffickers help us get women into treatment and out of that life now, you know, and it's not because I'm special, it's not because I'm from, from those streets. Sure. Some of it is because I'm from those streets and they've seen me do very bad things and they've seen me recover. But a lot of it is just, it just comes down to human connection. You know, it comes down to what you and I are doing right now, having a conversation and, and giving a shit about where the other person's coming from.

4 (4h 48m 8s):
How, how, how do you get, how do you get a dealer who's making money off of that to help you? You can't always, but I'll tell you what, we've had great success with. Drug dealers are humans, just like CIA case officer. A seal is still a human. They've got a particular skill set, but they still have things that are very human about them. And relationships are one of those things. There's somebody that is important to that drug dealer. They're usually multiple somebodies that mean a lot to him. He still has a soul and he still has to earn a living.

4 (4h 48m 51s):
And if you understand that not all of them are necessarily evil. And if you understand that there is that human aspect to all of them, you have an opportunity to find a way to get through to 'em. Now, it's not gonna surprise anybody listening to this to hear that a lot of drug dealers make good entrepreneurs. Right. Obviously they're businessmen. We've been able to take that approach with some of 'em, you know, demonstrate some of my business success and prowess over the years and say, look, if, if you will consider a different way of life and put this shit down, I'm gonna mentor you. I'm gonna help you. That's worked. Sometimes, sometimes they don't give a shit, you know, they're gonna keep living the life they're living and you've gotta find a different way to reach 'em.

4 (4h 49m 31s):
Well, if you figure out that, that that dope boy's mom has been out there on the ho track for the last 30 years selling her body, or his sister or his baby mama, and you go, you go get to them, you get that one some help, man, you got a friend for life from that dope boy. He may not stop selling dope, but that's the only way he knows how to make a living. Or if that's the way he enjoys making a living. But you can reach him, you can make some level of impact. You can start going after their customer base. And that, that's, we did that successfully on one trap house. Actually, it took multiple methods on this one, the one on Woodward, the one where I, I should have died. That's how we shut that house down. You know, we, we put one of the dope boys through CDL school.

4 (4h 50m 16s):
He went back selling dope. We helped him open up a car detailing business. He went back to selling dope. We ended up getting help for several people that he was real close to. And he loved like family, even though he was selling them what they were killing themselves with. He loved them. We got them help. And that caught his attention. And so the totality of those opened him up to a conversation and he agreed to shut the trap down. How's the approach happen? So that's gonna depend on whether or not we have history with that dope boy. And if I don't, I've gotta become known to him. Do you have a lot of, are there a lot of the same people down there that you were dealing with in your there There were in the beginning when we first went back to Memphis and we went back in 2022.

4 (4h 51m 3s):
Now, you know, we found out the first day we went back out there, 14 of 'em were dead. 14 murder overdose, one natural, but a lot of 'em died. But the one, the majority of 'em is still the same people. It's like, we never left. They're still there doing exactly what they're doing the day I hit rock bottom and that empty lot. And they don't wanna be, they don't, it's, they don't know anything else. They, they were raised there. They were taught if you need something, you get it off the block. You know, you do what you gotta do out there. What do they think when you come out there and they see you Completely changed. Depends on who it is. Like today, they, they love to see us because they know we're there to help people. You know, they know we're out there trying to bring hope, recovery, economic opportunity.

4 (4h 51m 48s):
We've started up a, a skills training workshop, like a woodwork workshop. We're trying to bring opportunity to the hood, to one of the deadliest zip codes in America where, as I mentioned earlier, young men have a higher chance of being dead or incarcerated than they do to be in school or have a job much less be in their kids' lives. These are things that have to change. You can't change that being the most violent place in America without addressing that. That is what has to change. And so we change that by bringing hope out there. So when they see us coming, they're happy, man. Now maybe we have cheated a little bit because we're doing this where we hit rock bottom and they do know us. And that is important because they need to know I'm not the police, right.

4 (4h 52m 28s):
Otherwise, I just, I just get shot. You walk up to a trap house and say, Hey man, I I wanna shut this house down. No, you're gonna get shot. You know, you, you've got, you gotta use a little more tact than that. And, and you gotta show up like every trap house. How do you show up? I should fucking walk up and say, what, what's your opening line? Well, so well, I wouldn't just walk up to a trap house with an open line and say, I wanna shut this down. It, it is a very long process. Very long. What's the approach? It just depends. The initial approach, the initial approach is going after the addicts. Get them help. Because every, every dope boy has an addict or two or five that are pains in his ass.

4 (4h 53m 9s):
And when you're selling dope and you have somebody that's shot off real bad, they're a risk to your operation. If they get rolled up, the cops are gonna offer 'em a deal to flip. And so that person is a threat to your existence. You want them to get off of dope. You don't wanna lose 'em as a customer necessarily, but you want 'em to go, go to rehab and, you know, if they relapse and get back on dope. Oh, well. Right. And so we, we, we've started by going after the addicts that frequent those houses. And that's not a threat to anybody. No dope boy in their right mind is ever gonna get upset. If you are getting the worrisome prostitute crack head off the street, they're gonna love it actually. And you're gonna build some trust with 'em by doing it. And so that's, and they know that.

4 (4h 53m 50s):
Hmm. They know that. How do they figure out It's you helping them? Oh, 'cause they see us. I mean that it's, there's only two white people going out in the hood doing this. Well, it's more than that now. But they know. And we will hold events out there like, we'll feed the hood, we will buy Christmas presents for all the kids in the hood. Thousands of toys. We've done that two years in a row now. And, and while that may sound like handouts and enabling people to make poor decisions with their money, buying drugs instead of presents. Yeah, that I'm sure happens. But it wasn't James' fault when Jess and I bought drugs instead of Christmas. You know, it's not this kid's fault. And so, even though there is a little bit of handout involved in the, in the events that we do, it's building trust, man, these people are seeing and realizing you're there to actually help them.

4 (4h 54m 38s):
You're not there just to go put somebody in jail, you know, or shoot somebody. You're actually there trying to meet a need and meet these people where they're at and then show 'em that they still have worth as human beings. 'cause I can tell you, when I was out there towards the end, I didn't feel human. I, I wouldn't make eye contact with anybody. I felt, I felt substandard to literally anyone. I felt so insignificant and worthless. And, and I came real close to ending it more than once on purpose. I tried more than once. And do you have conversations with these guys?

4 (4h 55m 18s):
Absolutely. Absolutely. You, I, I want to talk to 'em about their hopes and dreams. I wanna talk to 'em about where their life diverged from the one they had always envisioned. And the sad part is that in a lot of these cases, you find out it didn't, they're living the life they envisioned because that's all they're ever taught. That's all they're ever shown. It was all it was ever modeled for 'em. You, you have like generational legacies of dope dealing in some of these neighborhoods. I would imagine. So, I mean, how do you, like, how do you even, we just had a conversation a couple hours ago about having your identity wrapped up in, in in, in your occupation, ma'am.

4 (4h 56m 0s):
And that's, that is, I didn't want to like try to make a comparison between soft guys and Dope Boys. But I was thinking about that when you were saying it because their identity is completely wrapped up in that completely. It is, it is. Their whole sense of worth and value is wrapped up in the fact that they're a dope boy and they got money and they have control. They have power. Because the reality is, especially when we're talking on the trafficked women's side of it, if you've got that sack of dope, you have whatever you want. You, you, you can get whatever you want out there, no questions asked. And that is a hard thing for some of you guys to let go. When they start seeing it happen to somebody they love though, their sister, their child, their baby mama, their cousin, their mom, their eyes open up a little bit and you've got a window of time to make some impact there.

4 (4h 56m 55s):
Young kids getting shot out there. That happens all the time too. And it breaks everybody's heart. You know, nobody wants to see that shit. And then those are, those are opportunities to go in there and have conversations. They all know and accept that their means of earning income is not sustainable and that it will send them to prison. And so, trying to break it down to these guys that prison is not a normal part of life. That's not, we like, don't, don't have that on your 5, 10, 20 year plan. You know, like, don't put prison as something that's going to happen. You can actually control whether or not you ever go to prison.

4 (4h 57m 35s):
That's like a revelation to some of these guys. No kidding? Yeah. And, and it, they How sad is that? How sad is that? In fact, I I, I'll give you an example. I'm not gonna say his name, but years ago in the trap house on Wilburn, they used to give the biggest dope boy on that block a hard time because I had done more prison time or more time than he had. I've never even been to prison. All mine was jail time. But they used to give him a hard time 'cause I had done more jail time than he had. When was it ever a badge of honor to do more jail time than somebody else? It's not. It shouldn't be. And so these mentalities that you're having to break down out there, they've been in place for generations, you know, and it's tough.

4 (4h 58m 20s):
Do they become vulnerable with you? Do they, do they give you, I mean, validation for, for, for helping? Oh yeah, absolutely. Now it's good. It's gonna depend on who it is. You know, everybody's individual and some of 'em are gonna be way more closely guarded. But I've seen tears shed by a lot of these guys. You know, especially when it comes down to things like fatherhood being present in your kids' lives. And if, if you can get them to talk about childhood, that, that usually rips open some wounds, some painful ones. Because I've, I don't know if this is unique to the neighborhoods in Memphis where we operate or if this isn't across the board thing in inner cities, but sexual abuse is very common in childhood.

4 (4h 59m 6s):
Even incest, incestual, abuse. It's, and that's like, that's not something that gets talked about in that community. And if you can create an environment where they will talk through childhood traumas, you really get another in with these people, you know? And it's, it, again, it's, it's just that thing. You have to make human connection. And, and that's why I think, well, I forgot where I was going with that. You have to make human connection and that's why, so you're saying you have to establish human connection. You've gotta establish human connection. And, and in the communities we're working in, that's not necessarily a popular thing to do at scale, publicly.

4 (4h 59m 50s):
So you've gotta create an environment where you can have one-on-one conversations with these guys. And I, I keep saying men, it's women too. But you know, from your.