
I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so you can do you get yours@samsung.com Compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


Your data is like gold to hackers and they ll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and it AI powered tech scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit McAfee dot com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


Major James Capers, Welcome to the show. Good afternoon. It's good to be here. It's good to have, it's an honor to have you here. Thank you. So you popped up on our radar I think about a couple weeks ago and man, I just wanna say, I think, I mean, it is a, a real honor to have you here. You're the first Vietnam veteran to be on the show and that's something that I've been really looking forward to getting somebody on the show that's, that's served in that war. And to have you here is just, I'm over the moon about it. IC I'm, it's such an honor to have you here. We haven't documented this war at all yet.


And so, so this is, this is something that I'm been real excited about and so thank you for making the trip. It's good to be here. So I want to get right into it. So I want to do a life story on ya. And from what I understand, there's a really good possibility that your S Star might be getting upgraded to Medal of Honor. And I hope this gets to the right people to make that happen. I just wanna put that out right up front so everybody listening understands, you know, how important this interview is and, and we wanna be a part of making that happen. Yeah, and and documenting your life story.


So everybody starts off with a introduction. So here we go. Major James Capers. You are a retired United States Marine Corps officer in True American hero. You're a pioneer in reconnaissance training tactics and recognized for your legendary career that overcame obstacles and broke barriers. On and off the battlefield. You're one of the first African American Marines to serve in the elite force reconnaissance companies and the first to receive a battlefield commission. You are a recipient of numerous awards, including the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars with Valer three Purple Hearts and induction into the US Special Operation Commands Commando Hall of Honor.


You are the author of Faith through the Storm Memoirs of Major James Capers, Jr. You are the subject of the Documentary Major Capers, the Legend of team, broad-minded. You are a father figure to team, broad-minded, a specialized group of force reconnaissance marines, and you continue to honor their legacy through annual reunions and your ongoing involvement in in special operations community. Welcome to the show. Thank you. Alright, so we got quite a bit to cover here. Okay. But what I'd like to start with is your childhood.


So I understand you grew up in South Carolina Partly. I lived there early years and then my father was put on the chain gang. This is back in the old days, thirties. And What is the chain gang? The chain gang is when they took mostly African Americans and put 'em out and they did hard labor was sort of a, I don't know, I wasn't born back then, but mostly black individuals was put on this chain gang.


Tough living. They took away from their families. My father was on this chain gang, but some way he got away and went to, went to Baltimore, Maryland and I had gotten sick before he left. He gave me to a white family. This was a family that, you know, they were all farmers out in this area and they took me in and brought me back to health. And today they're trying to find descendants of that family. How old were you when you were given to a white family?


Probably about four, Four years old. Do you have any recollection of that? Well, There were days when I thought I could remember a female who obviously would feed me and care for me. And in my memory she looked like a blonde lady. I could remember a female with blonde hair. And so that's all I really remember except I was cared for. But at some point I was given back to my family once I'd been cured. Back in those days, we had a lot of childhood diseases.


We lost a lot of young American black Americans from those diseases at that time. And I was given back to my family, completely cured or healed. And then my mother, my sister, and two brothers and myself. At some point at night, a vehicle showed up at our shack. That's where we lived back in those days. And we picked cotton, cro tobacco, the rural south, and a vehicle showed up and we end up in Baltimore and I was probably five or six or something like that.


I don't, nobody really knows. There's no records. There's no records of my being born. I don't have a birth certificate. Wow. That's the rule south back in those days. And I finally got to Baltimore and started in school. So you were, you were working in the fields? Yeah. As a, as a five to 6-year-old child. Sure. A lot of kids were like that. Had these bags on your shoulder and you're out there picking cotton. Now you had adults out there that would go along with you, but everybody worked. You couldn't stay home that you was sick, something like that. I picked a lot of cotton and learned the crop tobacco and slumped the hogs and all the rule work, everybody worked.


Wow. There was no downtime. Do you remember the vehicle showing up in the middle of the night at the shack? Yeah, It was like a old Ford, like a 29 Ford or something like that. One of the old vehicles thrown into the car and we took off. What did your parents tell you? Do you remember? Well, they, my father wasn't there. He was in Baltimore. It was an apparently had arranged for another group to take us to, to Baltimore.


So we got in the vehicle and next thing I know, we were in Baltimore as a child. Those are my memories. Back in the old days, you couldn't eat at restaurants, you know, you couldn't go into the facilities, bathrooms, things like that. You had black and you had white. And so these are things my mother told me how difficult it was for her as a female. And there's been a lot of books written on this subject. You know how African Americans made that transition, but almost slavery, it was not slavery. Of course we know that that was over, but the remnants was still there.


We were treated like slaves and there were a lot of pieces to that that I saw and I remembered. But when I got to Baltimore, they put me in school as a child that I had no birth certificates. Nobody really knew who I was. And the first James Capers Jr. Passed away. So they renamed me James Capers Jr. But there was always some feeling that I was reincarnating my older brother. But no, I had no birth certificate. Years later we tried to find something out, but that was a problem that I had.


And even today, I got two birth dates, the 25th of August and the 27th of August. Nobody knows how that happened. Which Birthday do you like better? 25. Right On. So how was it when you got to Baltimore? Well, it was a euphoria. I loved it. Buildings and schools and restaurants, of course wasn't designed for folks like us coming from the south. We didn't know anything. Basically. We had to learn the system there in Baltimore and went to school, did well, graduated high school there.


Were you welcomed in school? Yeah. They didn't have any of those Jim Crow laws. Well not in Baltimore, but they were, it was an all black school. Everybody, teachers were blacks, students were black. So it was hard for me coming from the South, that was certainly different from where I'd been into Baltimore, that streetlights and automobiles and all those things that I never saw on the cotton fields in South Carolina. Interesting. How long did it take you to get used to that, that culture change?


Well, took me a while because I was a country boy. They, they didn't readily accept me into the city, you know, I didn't know the language, you know, it took me a while to learn. There was stores on East Corner and, and you know, the school was different. The children there spoke differently than I spoke from the south. But I knew that I could do it and I pressed on. How did your, how did your, how did your family integrate? Were they, I mean, was there a, was there a sense of relief being up there?


Was everybody happier? Well, I was happier. The color of our skin. Skin took that away. We worked hard and my father got a job and us children, we were happy about that. He got a job in the steel mill, you know, they, world War II was, was there, I remember World War ii and he worked in a steel factory and I guess they built ships for the fleet back in those days. The Maryland Dry Dock company.


And you're in a pretty good living and was able to sustain us. But when I became little older, I sold newspapers and sold junk. Did anything I could to add to the company, to the family. How Old were you when that started? About seven, Seven years old And started selling these Newspapers. Then they stopped because they had a law then that you had to be at least 12 years old as a child to work. But no, we did all hustling. Whatever you could do, you know, to do those types of things to add to the income of the family.


Did you have any hobbies as a kid? Or was it just work? Mostly work, but yeah, you always find some kind of way to do somethingshooting marbles and don't know, they don't know about marbles these days. But, you know, we did that and we played all of the, the games basketball, which we didn't have the, the hoops and things. We had took baskets and put 'em up on a, a wall or something and that was our net. We had to be, you know, we had to really be creative 'cause they didn't provide anything from us, for us. So we worked hard and I learned how to take care of myself because in a way it was kind of dangerous.


You know, everybody carried knives and guns and things. And many days they were firefights. I mean, not like a military firefight, but pistols and


Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. More than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis, the stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's free online courses. I've talked pretty openly about my return to faith on the show. And Hillsdale offers some incredible courses to help discover the Bible's profound lessons about fatherhood, the nature of sin, and the consequences of sin on both a family and a nation. Their online courses are self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost in its easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/srs.


This episode is brought to you by Pluto tv. Pluto TV has all the shows and movies you love. Streaming for free, that means laughter is free with gut busting. Comedies like the neighborhood Key and Peele and Ferris Bueller's Day off mysterious free with countless cases to crack from criminal minds. Tracker and Matlock and thrills are free with heart pumping hits like the Walking Dead and defiance feel the free Pluto TV stream. Now pay never.


Those types of things were dangerous. And you and we kept away from that. You kept away From that. Yeah. Did you carry a weapon as a kid? No, no. Worst weapon I had was when I joined bootcamp, 1956. What got you, what got you interested in the military Back in those days? Everybody, you know, after World War I, I joined in 56, but World War II was over in Korea. We were still digging outta Korea. That happened. Ended in 54 and I joined in 56 and I had learned quite a bit.


And we had television there, Baltimore, I had never seen a television before. So we had television and we saw these military guys on TV and they were recruiting Back in those days you had to join or they would draft you, you know, so if you didn't join, somebody would come by. And then when you turned 18, yeah, you had to join some military. And I saw the marine uniform on TV and I saw some of the recruiters, man that looks pretty good, you know, I'll go ahead and join the Marine. So we did, my old buddy, we joined in in June of 1956.


Did you want to go to war? Yeah, you did. World War ii, all the newspapers and we were patriotic, loved that flag. And we have to go protect it. We were taught that. And I really couldn't wait to protect my country. That was the, my thought process as a young man. Were we involved in any conflicts in in the year 1956? The us? In the US 56.


It was peace time, correct? Well I joined the military in 56. Yeah. And I went to Warren in 56. You went to war in 56 And got outta a bootcamp and they sent me to Suez Canal. The Egyptians had closed the Suez Canal and so Eisenhower was our president and he said, you know, we're not going to put up with that. He was a wartime president, you know. So he sent, sent the first battalion, second raise over there and we got it done. We didn't land, but just the appearance and know of that battalion coming in with the American flag.


And they opened it back up again. I went back in 1957 when the Syrians started a war. We went back and we didn't have to land to chase the Syrians, we just went back as a show of force. And in 58 I went back and we landed in Beirut. Oh the gypsum that closed the SOEs Canal. And our job was to get it back open in, that's 19, that was 58 when we actually, the Syrians and the, and the Lebanese started a big war.


And of course Eisenhower was still president and he was president until Kennedy come in. And so we went there again and we landed and we fought in the mountains and you know, the fought the snipers and, and all of the things that was happening in that time. Is that the, is 58 when you evacuated Americans from Lebanon? The Airport? Yeah. Is that the first time you saw a combat? Yeah, firsthand. How did that feel? Describe that experience. You know, I mean I was a Marine and it wasn't a problem for me.


We landed, we evacuated the airport, we took the civilians out the, you know, the embassies that were there. We got them out. But we had a thousand Marines though. And I was a squad leader, you know, I was in charge of some troops and I had to get it done. I was an NCO now. And dying for me wasn't that big of a deal. I'd been trained by guys that fought in Guana Canal and evil Jima and coming through as a young man. So that's what we were trained to do.


You are gonna fight. And we went up at the mountains with the old M ones, you know, do a lot of hand grenades, you know, and we learned to make parapets and dig foxholes and eat terrible rations. And it was a hard tour, a duty force. But we all got a nice letter from, from Eisenhower, you know, thanking us. And then we got one from our commandant thanking us. Did a good job. How long was that battle? A few months. You were there for a few months? A few months.


Wasn't that long, Was it fighting Every day? Yeah, we had to go into the mountains and that's where they were. And some of 'em had come across from Syria. You have to understand how that stuff was back in those days. Nobody liked this, the Syrians, but they took all our money and the things that we brought over there. Now we came in on ships that didn't fly in. The other guys that came in from Germany army group came in from Germany and they sort of give us some, some relief and, but they could fight.


They had been in Germany since World War ii, so this is 1958. They came in and relieved us. And now when we were tired, though we've been fighting those mountains day at night and I had my first experiences of killing a human being. Didn't really bother me. I didn't feel any real Problems. It didn't bother you Killing a human being. I had my first experiences with killing a human being. Well let's talk about that experience.


Yeah. How was the first human you killed? How did that experience go? In the mountains up on top of the mountains. They had buildings up there and they had their hideouts and things up there. So my job was to go up there and clear it out with my squad. And I hit a a, a small building and a couple of the guys tried to run out and I shot and killed both of them. I didn't feel anything. Nothing. No remorse. And then we, when we were hit at night in the mountains, you know, we fought 'em off. You know, so never lost a battle.


In 20 years of my experience in the Marine Corps, I was never defeated. No one ever defeated me. What Was it like for you to come home after rescuing Americans in Lebanon during that civil war? When, when's the first time you went back home to see your family? Well, We were there for six months cruise. And after we fought in Lebanon, they put us aboard ships and they sent us back. It took us 30 days to get home, you know, it was enlightening.


And then when we were told we were going home, we got home. And part of that was my high school sweetheart, which I had fallen manly in along with Dotty capers. We were married 50 years. I still love her today. Never remarried. That's my son back there. But any rate, I'm sorry. When is the first time you went home to your mom, your brothers and your sisters? Oh Yeah, that was good.


Came home from Lebanon. I was an NCO. I wanted to see my mom, but I wanted to see, you know, my wife, we wasn't my wife, my girlfriend, I made in love with Dottie Capers. Never loved the woman other than Dottie Capers. And we weren't married at that time, but I called on her and it was a whirlwind type of thing. And this was 1958, you know, December so long there we went into, we went into the Caribbean for a while, had to do some work down there.


We had some thugs and whatever, so we had to go do that. And then the Syrian thing popped up all in this area. I don't know if I got the timing right, it was a long time ago, but 59 come around and my three years was up. I could either stay in the Marine Corps or I can get out now and go home. But going home wasn't much of an attraction. Now I've been with some of the finest military guys in the world. I had fought with 'em, I shed blood with 'em. I want to stay with them.


But I saw Donnie and I decided to stay with the Marine Corps. I reenlisted. How did you meet Dottie? She was my high school sweetheart. She, you met her in high school? I met her in high school. First time I saw her, I was in love. She was walking by and I was with a group of other guys and, and I saw she had on a yellow dress and I looked at her, I couldn't believe it. I went home and I told my ma, I said, ma, guess what? I saw this girl today. And she said, sit down son, we'll talk, we'll talk.


But I loved her so much and every chance I got to see her in the halls of the school, there was a Carver High school and, and I tried to find a way to sneak around to see her. And sometimes in the hallway I had the nerve to stop her. And I talked to her and fell in love. And when I held her hand when she was dying, she winked at me. She was dying of cancer. I was holding her hand. We'd been married 50 years.


But that was, that was her strong woman. Military wives, you know, back during that time, you know, they got it done 'cause we were gone a lot. You know, I did 14 years overseas. I fought two wars. Include the thing in the Middle East. When did you guys get married? June of 1959. So I reenlisted and they paid me a lot of money. Wasn't much it. And today we look at it and say that was no money at all. But that was great for me because I was a military guy.


I didn't need a whole lot of money. At the time though, when I joined, I was sending my parents monies. That's what we all did. We had allotments and you know, because I just appreciated what they'd done for me. You know, coming from the south and all that. And they were not really educated folks. We were farmers basically. But I did well married Dottie. We went to California. I hooked up with First Force Recon company. Well, before we get to First Force Recon, you were married for 50 years. Yeah. So I want to ask you, what is your, in your opinion, what is the, what is the secret to a successful marriage?


I will tell you I loved Dotie Capson. The first time I saw her, we went through hell. We raised a blind child. Our first child, Gary was born blind and special needs ese and good child. He played the flute, the melodic of the organ piano. But he had other difficult things. And after we were married, or when we were married, then the military didn't have schooling for him.


For my son, wonderful child. I loved him so much. I was holding his hand. When he closed his eyes, he died of appendicitis. It didn't seem like the next day my wife died of cancer. And the demons come home. How do you stay happily married for 50 years? What's the secret? I love this so much. She kicked me out once. She kicked you out. Kicked me out once. What'd you do? Did you deserve it? Yeah, I went out with the guys and, and stayed overnight and, and I didn't call her.


And I came home. I used to wear cowboy hats, you know, back in the old, that was one of the things I wore for a cowboy. Boots like I have on now. And I wore cowboy hats. So she took my cowboy hat and threw it out and went over and stomped on it. So I knew that I was in trouble. But I know she, she let me come back in. But she was such a sweetheart. I remember when we were a snake bit her, she was out feeding the fish, had a fish pond. She was out there feeding the fish with her hand. A snake come up and bit her on her hand.


This takes away from your, what are you talking about there? I was telling you about that time when the snake bit her and she did panic. She's scared of snakes. Bit her on the finger history. She come in and said, sweetheart, I've been bit by a snake. I panicked. But I did the first aid. We had to get down to the emergency room. So we went there, but the snake was not poisonous. And one of my troops who lived next door, he wouldn't kill the snake and brought it down to the hospital and they looked at it. It was not poisonous, but just the whole idea of her demeanor at that time.


You know, I think I would've, I've been struck close by snakes, never got hit by a poisonous snake. But I've been around, you know, pythons and all this other stuff in Southeast Asia. But I'm just saying about Don AC is so brave. Got her taken care of. But we went through a lot of challenges together. And I got sent over overseas for 15 months as a marine path final back in the old days. And I had to send her home, put her on a train and send her back to Baltimore with my child.


And I was gone for that period of time. You know, we, interesting world back then as far as Marines were concerned. Yeah. And the army guys too, you know, which we did work a lot with. And, and the seals were just coming on board. So they came on board and it was 70 61. And did you Work with the seals? Yeah. How was that? It was good because they were young guys. They were UDT guys at first and then they want to move beyond a high water law. See we wall scuba. That's what I did for my time in the military. You know, I did dive masters and I combat swims and I did all of that.


But the seals were new guys. They were unwanted demolition team. But they moved them from swimming, then they went beyond the high water line, which meant that they could go out and blow shit up. Pardon my language. They were good. They were young and we had a lot of Marines went over to the seals. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. A lot of the seals were marines. Interesting. Oh yeah. And I knew a lot of, a lot of the seals. I worked with 'em in Vietnam, you know, of course I was an old guy. You know, I was 29 years old.


I was the dive master and you know, I did all that 'cause I'd been in for a while and I was good at it and I did. Well let's go back to 1959, alright? Where You became the first African American to join the Marine Corps Special Operations Force Recon. That's what they tell me. That's what they tell you? That's what they tell me. I joined up. And to join Force Recon at that time you had to be almost a Superman, these guys. So did you know what Force Recon was when you'd signed up for it? I'd heard about it.


How'd you hear about it? Guys had told me about, and it had a newspaper there. They was the scout newspaper in California and it had an article on them, a guy jumping outta the airplanes and swimming and diving. And I thought, this is pretty cool. I'd been in the grunts for three years. So I went down and took the test. They kicked the hell outta me. I mean, these guys were not so damn You think, do you think SEAL training got to be pretty good? You know, we didn't have a whole lot of these guys. And I passed, of course. Well actually I didn't pass.


They said I didn't pass. They said, well come back on Monday. This was Friday. I took the test, said you didn't make it, come back on Monday and take it again. Okay. Showed up on Monday, took it again. You know, they said, put him in the, you know, they took me in to see the first Sergeant, then I had to go see the captain and, and the captain was in his office and he had a hand grenade on his window seal. And I saw it. I'd seen hand grenades before. And he said something dumb like, what will you do with this hand grenade?


I said, I ain't thought out the window. With the window was I was sitting, the window was open and this guy jumped up, grabbed the hand grenade and pulled the pen. It, it was a joke. They went to see if I was gonna run. No, I went through all this hell to get here. Now you're not gonna make me around this office there, but that's a little induction type stuff. I did three years there, went overseas with the Marine Pathfinders. What was the training like? Well they sent you the jump school and, and all types of pro.


You had a platoon at a a team and out on the West coast. It was crazy. PT Every day during the day. I was, I was married at that time, but now you had to live in a barracks. And for long as I can remember, we were swimming, running and diving and all kinds of stuff. They created, you know, the seals hadn't come on yet. This was 1961, right?


In 60. So I went to jump school in 60. That was separate. Then when I come back, I went through the, the Recon indoctrination and I was a pretty good kid. I could handle myself. They were tough. We had guys from World War II in there. Not many, but you know, they were new guys. We had some army in there. We had some seals. Oh not seals, but UDT guys and the corpsmen were, were seals were Navy, Right? Yeah. Navy guys. Yeah.


But First Force was my indoctrination into special operation. What did it, what did it feel like for you to graduate the training? Well we didn't graduate from the, the training. They just put you in a platoon. You go through all the indoctrination, which is the stuff now that jungle warfare and mind clearing and all kind of stuff. We went through. We didn't have a battalion. He was one company and the folks that ran that company Pretty Tough guys.


And he only took the best guys. The toughest guys had it. Huge guys. I dunno where they got those guys from. I mean, really when I saw those guys, you know, and they could fight, they fight, but a lot of 'em were overrated, I thought became hot dogs. And I came there for a serious tour of duty. So I got in little trouble. Some of the guys thought, well I'm a black guy so let's give this black guy a hard time. Didn't work that way.


I didn't back down from 'em. No, No. How'd they give you a hard time? 'cause I was black. How? I was the only black guy there. What would they do? Well, one time after some red, this program, I was tired and I was in, I was in the Swan Bay and I laid down this bed and the guys came by and with this cross and put a rebel flag on me and you know, just stuff, you know.


And they laughed about it. And I saw it know when I got up, cleaned myself up, let it go, you know, indoctrination. They thought they were gonna scare me. Nah, you don't scare Jim Capers. I'd worked too hard, you know, to get there. And by that time I had a wife and a child. And of course they paid you 55 when enlisted 55 bucks for, for jump pay. And, and I became an officer. It went up to $110. I don't know what they do now, but it was extra pay. So it was incentive.


And I enjoyed the, the tour. But a lot of racism back in those days. I mean, you know, those things that I saw. And it bothered me, but it didn't deter me. And in 1966, was that your first tour to Vietnam? Yeah. And so how, what did you think when you got orders to go to Vietnam? What was going through? I went to go. You wanted to go? Yeah. I was at the, when I come back from First Force, they sent me back the East Coast to train troops and something we call ITR, you know, and learned, they learned to, you know, to do those types of things in the field.


So I had that type of work to do. I was a Sergeant E five at the time and I stayed there for a few months. And Force Recon was looking for volunteers? No, I had been in First Force, did that job. Okay. Now Vietnam guys were bleeding and casualty list was high. And when I got to Fort Mead, I Was on, what, I don't know, they call it hardship.


I had a blind child at home. So the Commandant in the Marine Corps said that you don't have to go to combat 'cause you've got a, a blind son and a young wife. So I went to, didn't have to go to Vietnam, but I saw the casually list, saw the news cycles every night. I watched it and all those young men were dying. I saw the clips And I'm at home at night. And then they put me on something called a Fort Meade guard. It was a ceremonial unit. We went out to Fort Meade, which is where the Star-Spangled Band was written.


So I had a little group, we marched out there every Thursday, marched out there and twirl rifles and carrying the flag around. And we had a, a band with us. The band played and we marched. And, and at night when we come home, I had to watch, oh, young guys carrying the flag in Vietnam and bringing the dead Marines home and Soldiers home and Airman home. And one day I asked Dottie, she said, I know what you're thinking.


I know what you're thinking. Said, how do you know what I'm thinking? You don't know what I'm thinking. She said, yes, I do know what you're thinking. I see the news also, I, I know you're training. I've been there with you. I know it's time for you to go. And if you choose to go to Vietnam, Gary, and I'll be here when you come back. And my adjuvant and another officer couple days later, came to my house, lived on the base Army base, and they came to my house and said, Sergeant, we know you volunteered to go back to Vietnam or to go to, I hadn't been before.


And I just wanted to talk to your wife about it. My wife said, you don't need to talk to me if you don't need something to eat or drink your night's over. Your night's over. He's my husband. I'm American too. I'm a citizen too. I'll be here when he comes back. And he will come back and gentlemen, your over. And one officer said, well, Ms. Capers, we just wanna let you know that he doesn't have to go. You know, the commandant got him on a hold. Just, I'm his wife. I gave birth to his child and I'm be here.


They left. I got orders to go to Vietnam and I joined the fourth recon. And that was hard. Third force was made up of First Force and Second Force and anybody else, we can get to have the qualifications now. I'd been in, in first force, so I'm good to go. So my job was to train the other guys coming in. I'd already been to jumping. I went, I went to school with school again, you know, went to, I think it was four week course.


It was hard. But I was honor graduate. You were the honor graduate, honor graduate. You know, they, they worked as hard. We swam a lot, we did a lot of water work, you know, and I enjoyed it, you know, 'cause I had swam my ass off in the first force. You enjoyed diving? Yeah. You're the only person I know that enjoyed diving in the Coronado Bay. Well, I did that. And at the end of the course, one of my guys who was going, I had 19 rings that was in the class, and we were all going to Vietnam.


So one of my kids didn't make the, the distance swim. You know, when before you graduate, you gotta make that distance swim and it don't give you any slack on that. And he was a little bit late. So the chief says, Hey Sarge, we can't graduate him. I said, chief, come on now. And we, how long have you, we known each other. He said, yeah, I know, but he didn't make the time swim so he can't graduate. He'd been through everything else. I said, chief, he used to be a pretty good man, but now you're, you are not.


And I said some other words, but he was my friend. I said, tell you what I'll do. If you let me do this again, I will swim with him. I will take the last, just the last part of the course. And so I, he said, yeah, okay, all right, all right, all right. And I said, I thought you really wore Candy ass Chief, but you made the right decision. I got in the water and swam, I don't know how far it was. I'd already made my, my swim. I'm good now. I'm, I'm doing a second swim with him. And it wore me out when we got about a hundred meters from where we needed to be.


My leg cramped up. I didn't give up. And at the end, he was tired. I'm trying to hold on to him. I'm trying to deal with the cramp and all that. But we got through there together, crossed the line together. Damn. Oh yeah, I did that. And over the years, he still thanks me for that. No, he should. He went to war and he survived. Didn't get a scratch on him. Tom Nicholson. Tom Nicholson.


Every day, Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects one billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity at Comcast corporation.com/wifi.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


I needed to carry as many minutes as I could and I didn't wanna have him come back know, so I swam with him. That's documented, you know, but that was Jim Capers. I'm, I'm in command. I was platoon sergeant. That's a hell Of a leader. Well, did that most of my career. Got shot to hell some some of the times. Did you ever get wounded? No. Wonderful. That's great. That is really great. After all the hell you've been through, you know, I'm glad you came home safe and you got a family and you got a great program.


Thank you. They tell me that you have one of the most I've heard your program. Have you heard some of the other Marines? Hmm? Have you heard some of the other Marines we've had on here from Forest reconnaissance and Marcus OI Don't know that time as much. When did you come on anyway? What year The show? Yeah, this show started on Christmas Eve of December, 2019. I'd gone to California for after my wife and my son passed. I moved to California. I lost touch with a lot of things. But what I've heard about your show and what I was told to listen to it, you know, I figured you another candy ass seal at first.


But I found out that you weren't, You see that sword right there? Yeah, That's, I interviewed a Don Graves. He was a flamethrower in Iwo Jimmo. And I interviewed him when he was 98 years old. Oh, great. And he turns a hundred years old in May. He's gonna be back here. I don't know if he's coming on the show or not, but he's, I'm hoping to have lunch with him at least. But he sent me that sword that took that off. A, a Japanese soldier, A Niro Jima. That's a lot.


That's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. He's a Marine. And then one of my best friends, Nick s he was a Marsoc Marine and he was my third episode Cody Alford. He was also a marsoc Marine honor man. Honor man, I think of his sniper class first. First the youngest Marine to ever reach E eight. Fought in the Battle of Fallujah. He's a good friend of mine. We've had a, we've had a lot of good marines on here. Yeah. Well you've got a good show. We've had some candy ass seals too, though.


I've seen a few of those in my life. Go ahead. Let me interrupt you. Go ahead. Yeah, but well let's talk, let's get back to you. So finish the swim. You passed. Yeah. And you guys go to Vietnam? Well the other part of that was I had to get my, one of my other guys to the finish line also. So they wouldn't drop 'em. Another one? No, that would, I did that just the one time with my, my other sergeant. It wasn't two of 'em. Just one. Okay. And then we came back to Camp Lejeune.


Then we started training for Vietnam. Some of the guys had to go to jump school and I, I had taken the swim guys there and we had to go through the mine program. We went to the jungles down in Panama. We went through almost six months of training. Wow. Yeah. And then we, they put us on a bus at night and sent us to Norfolk. And how did you Like the, how did you like the jungle down in Panama? I did training down there too. I went through three times.


I went through with the force guys that I went through with. I was commanding officer with the grunts actually just two times I went through and it was hard. I was the captain at the time and trying to motivate the guys. And I took this chicken, grabbed the chicken, I stretched him out and bit his neck. I bit his head off and I threw him out there and the blood was all over over me and all over him. And the guys going, eh, motivating, you know, we would, we had one of my trainers, we were in a training part of the program in the jungles.


And the instructor said, you guys take it easy now we, all of us was the recon guys. We were all in the, in the bleachers. And the instructor reached down in his boot and pulled out this snake and bit his hand off and threw him out in the, in the sand. Now I bit the chicken off, head off. But that was just show for my guys. Had a lot of new guys and went trying to let him know that the old man couldn't get it done. No, you need to fear me 'cause I will kill you. Not they were troops. I couldn't do that. But you're trying to scare 'em a little bit. Yeah. You know, sure.


You've been through that. But we went through almost six months of training. Then we finally deployed in April of 1966. And they took us to, I forget where they took us to all of our equipment, dive stuff, swam stuff. And we went over to on ship, we went over and I think we went straight into Vietnam into the Nang and started setting up camp and started operating.


And it was bloody, What was the mission? The mission was to go behind enemy lines and killed those son of bitches. That was the Mission. That was my mission. That's what we did. Just kill as many of them as you can. Hmm. Kill as many as you Can as you could. You, if you, it was a, if if you kill them, KIA, if you wounded them, you know, but we didn't really know if you wounded them or not. A lot of 'em were wounded and they crawl, they crawled away to see the blood trails. But if you were KIA, they gave you credit for it and we killed a lot of 'em.


Let's talk about your first mission after the camp was built. What did that, what, what did that entail? Well actually the camp was already built. You know, there was guys there and we came in and they had a mess all set up and all that. So we really just had to, had to get our stuff together. We went through some phases and we launched from a place called FUBU and that was already built. And we took off in area area number five 'cause they had all these pieces of Vietnam in, in different areas.


And I got area number five and it was loaded. Well then, you know, with a lot of nnc, nb, whatever those guys were, you know, the com, NBA soldiers, a lot of 'em were there and been there for a while. Then the Vietnam, the Vietnamese soldiers couldn't get 'em out. And a lot of the Vietnamese soldiers were cowards. They didn't wanna fight. No kidding. Didn't wanna fight. No. So they'd been there for all these years and, and the North Vietnamese come in there and wiped them out, said, now we gotta go in and fight the Vietnamese, the North Vietnamese, there was a Border 16th parallel and the NVA came across the 16th parallel, which is set, you know, since the early war in Southeast Asia.


And they came across and was coming all the way down in South Vietnam. And we were supposed to stop 'em. And there were a lot of things, you know, a part of that, you know, we had to set up ambushes, we went into their camps and we ambush them at night. There are a lot of individual stories about that. I ran 50 missions. All of 'em weren't, wasn't from, I went into Kon, I went into flock, I went into D Nang, all my guys, and we lost guys along the way. But I had went from staff sergeant, we lost the three, our three officers the first three months.


Wow. Gone. So I went from staff sergeant to second lieutenant. Never spent the day in OCS or basic school officers training. How would you set up on the camps? Would you do an L ambush? Yeah, we did a lot of those. We set up How many guys were you with? How many guys? Yeah. How, when you went on a, let's talk about your first, would you, would you work primarily at daytime or at night? Would you Both. Both. Oh yeah. You'd go out for five days or so. Mostly four days though.


Because if you are working hard as we did and had the kind of combat that we had, we had guys that was injured. Maybe not gunshot wounds, but it was hard, hard terrain. And through the jungles and trying to avoid the damn snakes. And I had one guy named Miller, he got bit twice by a snake and I had to send him down to the Nang for treatment. Went down there and damn it, the guy got bit again when he brought him back to Kon, he got hit real bad. And we had that last mission at Flock and all of us fought for four days.


Day. And, go ahead, go ahead and Yeah, let's, we'll get to Folock, but I wanted to, I wanted to, I just wanna talk about your first, your very first mission in Vietnam. Yeah. What was, what was the briefing? The first mission, we made three combat dives. We came on the ship and they wanted to make sure that the ship had not been, they hadn't placed mines on the bottom of the ship. So I took down the divers and the ship was almost 3000 feet. And we went down with scuba gear. We didn't have any trousers on, we just wore the jackets and had the, the oxygen and all of that.


And we went, there was a regular scuba dive and we had to check and see that there was no mines on the ship. On the bottom of the ship didn't run into any, but we saw the, they had something that, that, I don't know what the hell it was, but fire was coming out of it. And we had to avoid that. You know, the fire was coming out of the, had it in the bottom of the ship and we were trying to get around that 'cause I wanted to check the whole ship. And one instinct thing had happened.


We got there, had pretty air, no, no problem with that. And we got to the end and they had these tiger sharks. See the army was supposed to tell the navy, Hey, you are here now. Or the navy's supposed to tell the army we are here now and let's don't feed the, the, the sharks or the fish 'cause we are gonna be in the water. We got divers in the water. Holy shit. Well it didn't work that way. Somehow we, the tiger sharks showed up. I'm finishing up my dive now and if you ever seen a tiger shark up close, they're voracious.


And they were feeding the stuff that, the garbage that the army had dropped there at the base there. So I had one man, his buddy line, you all them buddy lines of course. And I had 10 men or nine men and myself and his buddy line came loose and he was drifting out to where the sharks were feeding. Now, as a leader, you have to make a decision. That's what leaders do. They can't sit on it. I made a decision right here, right now. I unhooked my buddy line and swam out there and got him.


You don't let him die. You go out there and you bring him back, brought him back. He's alive. He passed away a few years ago. But that's what I did. No, no honors, no medals. Wasn't that you save a life 'cause those sharks would've eaten them up. I've seen tiger sharks before. No honors. But the decision you made when you are a leader, you make that decision right here, right now. You don't think about it. That's what you do. And I've done that so many times. How about the first mission on the ground?


Well, we had to get, do the dive missions. I did. We came in, we had to clear the ship and we, well we, when we got in country, that was early on. It wasn't the first mission we went on, but we lost a man or the marines had lost a, a man and we had to go down and bring his body up. And while we were down there, we found there was over a couple hundred rounds of, of ammunition down there buried in the mud.


So we brought the kids, wasn't much in the kids' body, you know, they'd eaten them up pretty good. So we brought up what was left and then we decided to go back down and get those rounds because the NVA would take those rounds and they could use explosives with 'em. They had 'em buried there over 200 rounds. So we went back down and we pulled up every one of 'em. When You said that the body was eaten up. Eaten up by what? By Sharks. By sharks. Oh yeah, yeah. Now we had the song Bowl River. And they had not just sharks, but they had the song Bowl River was a major river.


Well, where they had the ships come down, not ships, but boats that come down there. And the, the Vietnamese, they washed in the river old bit. There were families around there, but that wasn't my concern. We wanted to get that boy's body up and we did it. And then we found those rounds. We had to get those up now then what to do with it. We, EOD came in and they took the rounds and took the rounds. I didn't lose the, in on that one. Didn't lose a man, but it was a hell of an experience we made.


Once we got to the Nang, we anchored on the ship and we went down and, and did some other water work. We did a lot of water work as, as recon swimmers and divers. 'cause the grunts were not divers when they had a problem, you know, they had to call us. I did a lot of that stuff. I was an officer by that time. No, I really wasn't. I was a staff sergeant. I didn't get a commission until later on. But the first ground missions we went on, we had to go up in the mountains or go in the jungles and hunt down the bad guys. And that's the first time they gave us the dogs, gave us the war dogs.


And I had two of 'em on my first mission. And then Argo and King couldn't get along. So I kept King, king was killed later on in the folock. Good, good dog. Tough dog would kill you. I had him in a big case, a big cage. 'cause you couldn't let him out of the cage. And I had a dog handler sign to him. And of course I can handle King. We all train with him and he would kill the enemy soldier, grab him by the throat, groin, whatever that he killed. Two in flock before he got killed.


First missions on the ground said we had recon zones and, and we dropped in by helicopter. We were supposed to parachute in, but the jungles were, you know, kind of crazy. And, and we don't wanna get separated, especially if you're going into the night. You know, some of those were probably done, but I didn't wanna do my, take my guys in my parachute and we had all this stuff there, but I didn't, I decided to take the, the helicopters put us in and we can drop maybe 10 feet on the ground in the jungle. And we stayed out for a while. Then they come and pick us up by helicopter and we would have the helicopter land maybe two, two positions.


'cause I didn't want the NVA to know where we were. So he would drop in here, drop in there, and we was supposed to be at one place and they knew where we were coming in. We ready 'em, so we're gonna be here. But sometime we would drop a flare over here. We did what we could so the enemy wouldn't know that we're gonna be picked up here and, and, and jump in on US diversions. Yeah. Yeah. We did that all of our missions and never got caught. But we did a lot of those missions until first part of it coming in on ground.


They put us in with First Force. They were already there and we became part of First Force and we fought with them and then we did work with them and then they sent us south and Colonel Waller had a battalion there and he was our first CO and we were training back in the States. He was CEO of Recon Battalion. And so they put us in with him and they were fed us and took care of it and things like that. And we stayed with, with them the whole time. First Force stayed with first Recon Battalion at the same time all the time. When was your first firefight in Vietnam?


Seemed like they all came together. Damn. I mean, Let's talk about the POW Rescue Mission ordered by Oh, okay. Yeah. President Johnson. Yeah. He did order it in the CIA Hallett. We had one on North Vietnam. Vietnamese was in the camp, and he was a young guy and they thought he wasn't treating the Americans hard enough, so they put him in the penalty chamber and he escaped. CIA, picked him up and brought him to me and or brought him to our headquarters from division.


And I took him in, his name was Lap. He was 18 years old and he was a soldier. He slept in my tent with me. He didn't speak much Eng English, didn't speak English, but I talked to him and he had a tent, a rack in my tent with me. Good kid would've been an American kid, would've done well. But he was a warrior. Now he'd been trained, you know, by the North Vietnam to kill or to harm Americans or treat 'em bad and he didn't.


So I've got him now and he wasn't a bad kid. He would do what I asked him to do. I take him tohow, I had to sit at night with him and I showed him a picture of my wife. So she sent me pictures and he would go, he smiled, you know, At Sierra, discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality bikes, which might lead to another discovery. Oh, oh, getting back in the saddle isn't always comfortable. Good news is Sierra has massage guns. Ah, and Shae wipes too. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


And one night I was asleep and I woke up and knew something was wrong and I looked over and the lamp was gone, you know, oh shit. So I grabbed my, my pistol, I went looking for him and I saw him ram him, said the lamp, what the fuck are you doing out here? So I need to go to the bathroom. I said, what I'm gonna shoot you right now. You know, because I was worried that the guards in the camp, if they saw anybody moving at night, that it weren't supposed to be moving. They thought they were, you know, enemy soldier.


'cause they would try to infiltrate, infiltrate our, our bases or steal stuff. You know, you couldn't tell the difference. See, but I grabbed LA lap and I brought 'em back to my tent and I said, lap, you know, if you gotta go to the bathroom, I don't care what time it is, if you wake me up, I'll take you there. 'cause one of these, you know, roving centuries, they'll catch you out there and they won't know the difference. But hey, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. So he got to be like a son to me. I kept him there for all of the training. And we had to train for this mission. Oh yeah, we had the shooting, the shooting and the language stuff and all that.


Finally, we got it done and they decided that the mission was a goal. And then they pulled, they, they said, no, we're not going. And so eventually we, we went and we were supposed to jump in and we, we worked on jumping in. We still had our parachute and all that stuff, which we brought with us. And then the weather got bad and it said, no, no, we're not going, we're not going to jump. You know, I was gonna be the jump master, of course, 'cause I'm jump master train and all that. Went in by helicopter and was a big Operation Seals.


They did some recon somewhere. The CIA didn't, they didn't do any water work, you know, but we did the water work, checked the rivers, and then it was time to go. So we flew in by a helicopter and we landed. And the first night we stayed on a hill watching the area out there. And we could see the, the fishermen and we could see the guys out, the rice patties. But we stayed quiet, you know? And then the next day we got off the hill and moved toward the camp and avoiding anybody that might have been out there.


Third day we hit the camp, kill the first two guards. And my job was to kill the century with my knife. That was, I'm the knife guy, you know? So I was, I was good at that. So it had me scheduled to kill the first two guards of the centuries with my knife. Didn't get that far because everything blew up. All a sudden everybody was shooting. God damn it. How am I gonna find out what a, well, they told us where they thought the POWs was in the tent, the centuries here, the POWs here.


And they were something over there. So my job was to kill these guys, get in there and get the POWs out. Five or six of them POWs. And I got to where I thought they should be, nobody there. So I'm pissed. And one of my guys saw two guys coming toward the camp, and he shot those two. And then I'm pissed now everything's happening and no POWs. So I said, fuck it. Blow it up. We blew the whole, whole base up.


Blew those places where they held American soldiers, where they held 'em. And now going, this camp will not hold another American Marine on soldier. We burned it and we burned it. But I didn't get the POWs. And that was hard on us. We trained for so hard and for so long. And now we're going home without the POWs damnit, you know, we had a captain in charge, you know, I was a lieutenant, I believe, but he was in charge of, he's dead now.


But he was a coward. Hate to say it. He, he didn't, he didn't belong in, in, in recon for what we did. He failed scuba, you know, he wasn't very good. He could run and all that, but he, he couldn't do the field stuff. I think he ran maybe two missions and the POW thing, he got the silver star for that. The guy, he ain't got the silver star. He wrote it up himself. Oh man, got it through. When I got hit one time, he never come to see me. I was in, he never come to see me. He never asked how I was doing.


He was out for himself. He, he wanted to be the general's aide. He didn't get that. So he ended up in force recon. And he wasn't a bad guy, but he shouldn't have been there. Yeah. You mentioned you were good at killing people with a knife. Yeah. Killed a man up in the, well one of 'em were killed. We were at Cason, which is a bloody military base. And we had some troops up there. Not many, but I was doing a mission.


Started off as a recon mission. But now we're thinking that these guys are coming in the cason to reinforce whatever they had there. And they were sur had to be surrounded. So I'm looking to see what I can do to get some of these guys outta there. And I run up on some soldiers and I killed the first three, shot them with my M, my M 16. And then I looked over and I saw another NBA looking out that way. And I got him by his, by his mouth. And I could have shook my, hit him, ripped him.


And I stopped my knife down in my cartridge belt. I killed him. Blood was all over the place. He, he wiggled a little bit, but then he down. I took my nine millimeter and it was two others that was moving in between the trees. And I, I saw the first one. I shot him double tap. Boom, boom, he fell, didn't move. And I saw the other one looked back and I shot him. Boom, boom. I got criticized for shooting him in the back.


They're running. I killed both of 'em. I killed 'em all. I cut his throat. I killed as many as I could. Killed a lot of in enemy soldiers. But it's up close, you know, we have seven or eight men and you are out in the jungle, you know, most of that time. And we used to run those trails at night looking for 'em. We'd catch 'em cooking, he'd smell the food. We'd throw a damn grenade in there. But unfortunately we stopped. Might have been children in there.


I had a heart wasn't a very, wasn't a very big heart. But yeah, they tried to, tried to kill me once when they, I was a black Marine and they had some other stuff for me and they put out a reward for me. This is what I was told by Intel. They said that if you kill me, you would get a cow and you'd get a a two weeks in Hanoi and then it come close to killing me.


They couldn't do it. Not a lot of black force Reconna Sense Marines out there, Huh? No, no, not in those days. No fifties, sixties. Well a lot of these guys, we all know, they come from maybe cities and didn't have swimming pools that these kids could go through. There's a lot of social stuff that goes on with that. But a lot of the guys didn't try hard enough. I tried hard enough 'cause I wanted to be there. I knew I could do it. I, you know. So How did that make you feel knowing that they had a bounty on your head? Oh, I didn't bother me. Folks been looking after me all of my life.


You know, they tried to kill me when I was in Hong Kong. I went there on r and r, I mean, I knew it was set up. They brought this girl to my room, she knocked on the door and I was on the phone talking to my wife. I was waiting on a call because you had a, had another server to get through to the states and all that. And I'm waiting and she come to my room. She could either capture me or kill me. Ain't nobody would really care. Another American, especially being black. But no, I'm fought for that.


And the time, well there was a lot of times people tried to kill me. I mean, even in Hong Kong they tried to kill me and they tried to kill me in Hawaii. Tried to kill my wife and my son. How'd they try to kill your wife and your son? I have a long history. I had just come back from a year in, in Europe and when I was in Hamburg, they tried to kill me. They missed when they tried to kill my wife and my son. We had gotten a, a three year tour in Hawaii. So do nine Gary.


We went to Hawaii and year goes by, you know, we are doing all the, she won first place in the hula contest and we're having a great time. You know, I'm enjoying it and met a lot of Hawaiian friends and I was outta combat because most people don't know what happened to me in Germany. Yeah. But any rate. And one day my general called me and he said, captain, sit down. I was the captain then I said, yes sir, I forget. Oh shit, I've done something wrong now. General's calling me in.


He said, I'm sending you home. I said, well Jim, I just got here. We enjoying this tour. He said, I know, but the plan is for, I didn't wanna mention the name to kill your wife and your son. We've confirmed it. And so to keep you outta harm's way, I'm sending you and your family home. And you go home and you talk to your wife and you tell her that you no longer will be in Hawaii. Went home. Dottie's a trooper. Now you gotta understand who Dottie is, which you would've loved her.


'cause she was a real, real trooper. And I said, sweetheart, something come up. She said, oh, oh, why is it something always comes up when you want to tell me something I don't want to hear? I said, well sweetheart, I said, I just saw the general and he told me that we're in trouble. And they figured out that you and Gary are gonna be shot on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock. And they were supposed to be there. Who was they? You don't even know that. That's a long time ago. Tell me some of your stories and I'll tell you mine now. It wasn't a good idea for her to stay in Hawaii.


Well you were a seal, right? That's right. So You a tough guy. You can handle all this stuff. We'll get around to it. I went back and told the general that my wife don't want to go home. She wants to stay here. This is the first time in a long time we've been together. And you know, the war was kinda hard on me.


He said, yeah, Kevin, I knew all about that. He said, I know what happened to you in Hong Kong. And, and I knew about them. Two people you killed by the way. I said, no, I didn't kill those people General. He said, yes you did. I know that I'm lying like bitch the general. But that was something that happened a long time ago. Supposed to be secret. But he's a general, he is got sources. Are these the two people that you killed that were running away? Is that who he's referencing? No, This was in Hong Kong. I'm talking about you killed Two people in Hong Kong. That was a long time ago. I thought we were talking about my wife and my son. But he told me that he knew about the people that killed in Hong Kong.


Who did you kill in Hong Kong? Some bad guys. And I'm killing 'em both. And I kicked them off and kicked them in the water. Cut 'em all. They didn't know who they were fucking with. Yeah, kill them. They tried to kill me. How did they try to kill you? They tried to set me up. This is Hong Kong now we're talking about, they come to my room.


Well they sent this girl to my room. Pretty girl. I had a wife at home. Is this intelligence? Hmm? Is it intelligence services? We had the British there. They own the base. John China owns it now. Yeah, Bruce was our allies. Sean, there's so many things.


They diagnosed me with PTSD and they also declared me insane. I'm an old guy now and I have trouble dealing with some of these issues. And I know who you are and what you've done and, and I appreciate it and I'm doing the best I can to, to do this, this piece with you. But a lot of it, you know, Was Not known through this channels. And when I was in Hong Kong, I was on r and r, but they tried to kill me. They left me alone.


I wouldn't have bothered them, but they didn't leave me alone. And they had to realize who they were messing with. So I did kill 'em and I killed a lot more. Yeah, and that's what you want to talk about. But a lot of, a lot of this stuff, you know, runs together. The timing. That was, I'm 87 years old. I'm gonna be 88 this year. I spent 14 years overseas. I fought two wars.


I have 19 holes that I bled from. Both my legs have been broken. Right now I got six pieces of metal in my body, two in my thighs and down in my lower legs were broken. I got a piece of metal in my left leg. My right leg is shorter than my left leg. I got scars all over me. I can't hardly walk. That's why I didn't stand when you come in. No disrespect. I didn't take any, well let's move into, there was a down B 52, correct?


Yeah. That, that, that, that supposedly had a nuclear Bomb. B 57. B 57, excuse me. It crashed in the mountains. And I was told, I know it was nuclear equipped. In other words, you could carry a nuclear bomb on it. And I didn't know if they had a bomb on it or not. But we were supposed to parachute in left that alone. Didn't want to drop into an area like that. I've been in jumps where the area was smoked. So we landed on top of the mountain helicopter.


We dropped in about, about 10 feet. We dropped in. It was a heavy landing. We had our stuff with us and we went down to the crash and wasn't much there. The Vietnamese had already been there by the time we got there. We'd had got in there at first, might have had a chance to see what's on this thing. But we found some goggles and we knew that somebody had had this aircraft and we brought some of the oxygen bottles back.


I didn't find any bodies. And we did look and, but the story is, we knew that there's no point in looking any further because there's nobody here. The planes crash and hit the mountain and it was sep. The tail was separated from the body. And so I decided, okay, we need to go home now. This enemy territory and team broad, mine it. So we started and it went down the mountain and started home.


But it start to rain. And I told him that I needed an extraction 'cause we could see tracks on around. I figured that some bad guys are out there. So I called for an extraction and they called back and says, no, we can't come and get you 'cause it's raining and the choppers can't fly. I said, well I'll give you a day. I'll stay here for a day, roam around and then I either gotta stay here until you come get me or I'm gonna come home. And after all of that, I decided we're going home.


And I got my team together and Lowell and I, Roski was a very tall point, man still around today. I said, Roski, no, I said, point man, take us home. And for the next five days we walked through enemy territory, went through two mine fields, swam a river, wasn't captured. And we got hit. The last part of it, they opened fire. But that was all right, not gonna bother us. 'cause the Marines were coming from the other direction to pick us up.


So we probably killed a bunch of 'em. But that didn't bother me 'cause they weren't going to really attack us. And the truck showed up and picked us up and went home. And the general said, or the colonel said, don't you get something to eat. I wasn't hungry, couldn't eat. I let my troops go to the messala. Then I had to go down to Colonel's office to see the CIA guy and the, the debriefing. Sure you've been in a lot of those. But they debriefed me and I told 'em what I knew.


I didn't find any bodies on the, on the aircraft. And then I, Colonel said, why don't you go and take a nap? I was tired. I said, I don't know if I can sleep. I've been awake for four days, almost five days. I'm laying down and my eyes had closed and I couldn't get my eyes open. I had mud and dirt cake. Everything was in my eyes. I was laying there and I couldn't get my eyes open. I was moving my head. I was trying to get my, then I had to, had to do this. My arms were so tired I couldn't hardly reach my face.


It was a hard physical trip for us. And finally I got my eyes open. Then this young kid was standing there. He come in, said, Lieutenant, I got your mail for you now. The staff sergeant said, I got your mail for you. First. Different voice I've heard. 'cause I knew my guy's voices and he was different. And he shouldn't have been in my tent. 'cause everybody knows you don't do that. But I had to learn to be a human being again. I been in the jungle for so long. I was almost turning into that person.


I could eat anything, fight anything, sleep in the water, those type of things that was, I had experienced as I was making this, you know, from a peace time Marine until in being in totally involved in this jungle thing. Did you feel more invo more at home in the jungle? I did. Than you did? Yeah. When they, when they my time come to go out, I had about two and a half days in the rear. You get some regular child, see the doc and all that. But I had a doc with me. But It was uncomfortable.


I felt better when I'm out there at watch. When I got my knife, I got my pistol, I got my rifle at the ready and I know I can kill anything. I wasn't afraid I had gotten past that, that stage. I was only afraid for my men. Well, major, let's take a quick break and then when we come back we'll just, we'll pick up right here. All right. Do you want a water or anything? No. You okay? How's it going, dad? No, I'm all right.


All right. Where have I been? I guess I took me back to Vietnam. Huh? Dang. You took a little bit of trip there, huh? Yeah. I'm all right. All good? Yeah. Okay. I'm all right.


Any vehicle can take you places, but why stop there? The Al Alpha Romeo Tene combines luxurious Italian design and electrifying performance to make every mile a masterpiece and every arrival unforgettable. When precision meets instinct and power moves with purpose, you never have to stay in a lane, experience a world without limits. And the Alpha Romeo Tene plugin hybrid tap the banner to learn more. Alfa Romeo is a registered trademark of FCA group marketing, SPA used with permission.


You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns. McDonald's breakfast comes first. Ba


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter. And the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show.


And some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part. The newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief, is if we have a new product or something like that.


But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief Sign up Links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance lead Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance Elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Alright, major. You ready to kick it off again? We, your TV audience? I wear these boots 'cause I've got meld in my legs and it helps me out with stability. Yeah, it's pretty sharp looking kicks. Well, thank you. You're welcome. But so we're getting ready to get into Foo Lock. Okay. But before we do, we didn't cover the, the Battlefield Commission from Sergeant to Second Lieutenant. So I wanted to ask you how that went. Yeah. Well before Vietnam, I'd applied for a commission.


They had a program that you could apply for and you'd go to OCS and basic school, you come out an officer. I applied for that, but I passed all of the tests. But they sent me a letter that said, considered but not, but not selected. So I didn't get to go the next year. My officers said, try again. So I did again and I didn't get selected. It was hard on African American Marines that during that time we had very few officers and the Marine Corps.


So they had the enlisted commissioning program. So I tried out, but I didn't make it. But then I guess later on when they considered me for a battlefield commission, I mean they just gave it to me. All the officers were dead. So they gave me the commission. I had never gone to OCS or basic school. I had a high school education. I'd had some college, but I was proud of that for my family. Nobody in my family had ever graduated high school.


And so this was good for them. Proved that we could be good citizens. My parents insisted on that. And you had to behave yourself. And I did all those things. And then after I joined the Marines, like I mentioned, I did good. And then they decided to commission me. Took five minutes. Colonel called me in his office and I signed the documents, raised my right hand and come out a second Lieutenant.


You know, it sounds like the, the bureaucrats maybe got in the way of your advancement, but the men that you're actually fighting with Yeah. On the ground, had a tremendous amount of respect for you. Is that fair to say? Most of them, I can't say all of them did because the commanding officer of my unit, when they were looking at this medal of honor for me, he said he'd rather die and go to hell before I would get to Medal of Honor. Why is that? He was a racist. He was gone.


Now he was with, in my unit, he was the captain in the unit. But he went to the POW camp with us. Didn't fight. He was a coward, failed scuba school. I never saw him make a parachute jump. I don't even know whether he even went to jump school or not. 'cause I came in as a, as a, a sergeant, then I made staff sergeant there, then I made officer there. But Ken Jordan was his name and his goal was to be the general's aide. No, You talked about him earlier.


You talked about him earlier. Yeah. Wasn't a good man and he didn't, didn't like me. And you know, I went through that as a NCO and as an officer. But you know, I was okay with it 'cause I was serving the Marine Corps and I figured I'm good enough to get through. I'm good enough to do a good job. I didn't make a lot of rank. You know, I made it up to major and I probably could have gone further. But I chose to retire. You know, I got 20, almost 23 years.


I was up for Lieutenant Colonel, which I'm sure would've made. 'cause my background, my war and background and other stuff I'd done. But when I retired, I bought a home in Jacksonville and my son was doing okay. My wife was doing all right. But I think my son had a big part of it too. You know, I couldn't find a school for him and those types of things. And of course he's blind special needs. And so I had to deal with that. And the general told me that he was gonna recommend me for Lieutenant Colonel, which has been pretty good for me.


I come in as a snuffy And Then I come home from work one day just before I retired. And my wife Dottie was crying. So man, I said, what's up? What's up sweetheart? She said, Gary got assaulted in school. My son was blind, special needs. And the demons came home. So I had weapons in my trunk of my car. I was authorized to do that. So I said, well this isn't gonna work.


I went down to the, the school and driving down to the school. There was a golf course on the left and some housing on the right. I was driving down. I hit a light and I waited and waited. And the angry, more angry I got, I'm gonna settle this. You're not gonna assault my child. Demons that come home should have thought better. But that light never changed. I didn't change.


So I turned around and come back home. God once again protected me. They have no idea what I have done. I had, I got there and some kids' parents was there and you know, but anyway, God saved me again. And Gary was okay. I retired. The general came there that day. He tried to talk me out of it. But I think I was, it was time. I was hurting all over. And I was CEO of a force recon company. Wow. And had a big retirement for me on the parade field.


Everybody come to see me. The Navy come to see me. And everybody was there. And I was a major coming from a cornfield in the cotton fields. Donnie was there, Gary was not there. But you was an idea that all these people come to see me retire. Good friends. What I had known since I was a teenager. And they gave me a couple medals. I know which one they gave me at that time. And had the, the band was there and they played the music and the marching band was there.


And the general gave me a medal. And everybody applauded that Major Capers is going home now. The legendary major capers who gave it all. Then I brought up my exo young man. He's gone now. He made major general, but he's dead now. I introduced him as my relief. Then I waited around. I couldn't leave the battlefield, or not the battlefield, but the parade field. 'cause I went to see all my guys.


I told Dottie, I said, well, you know, maybe somebody else will come. Let's, the general had gone, Admiral had gone. And I was waiting for somebody to come up. One of my troops that I want to say goodbye to. Nobody showed. So Dotty said, you know, sweetheart, maybe it's time for us to go home. I said, well, let's wait another minute or two. And nobody else came. I said, okay. She drove me home and took off my uniform and I never put it back on again.


I have it in the Seabag somewhere in my shed. But those are the memories from beginning as a teenager in the cotton fields to being awarded, you know, on a parade field with hundreds, probably thousands. 'cause the, you know, the divisions had their bands and said goodbye to me. Let's go back to flock. Flock. Yeah. All right. Not a pleasant thing to do, but let's go back to flock. You ready for that? Yeah.


What was going on there? What was the mission? You know, and that sort of confusion, Sean, because nobody really figured it out. Except that was my last mission. That was the last one. Last mission. How much time had you spent in Vietnam until then? Nine months. 10 months. A almost a year. But we did a lot of work with the Navy. You know, doing the ship bottom searches and the diving and the swimming and all that. One night I made a swim of 1500 meters in enemy territory to do some recon on the beaches and swam back 1500 meters.


But flock was a different situation. I was asked to go in there and the, the Vietnamese had a, had a base on the reverse side of Long Top Hill. And okay, my last mission, 'cause my time was up pretty much and, and I was going to use the last month, I guess it was doing some work for somebody helping the new guys coming in. But I wasn't commanding officer.


You know, I of the unit, you know I was a platoon commander as lieutenant, but I commanded most of the unit because I'd been around for a while and I was a little older, you know, some of the young officers and they would come in, wasn't quantified. They wanted the experience of being there, but you know, that's not a place you go to get experience in the areas that we were in. But in flock, I got to flock and damn going into flock, we stopped off at a, at a place where we had some guys that lived in the villages with the South Vietnamese.


And they would be in the camps with them and they spoke Vietnamese and they would help the Vietnamese fight against the North Vietnamese. Forget what they call those guys. But they were good. So I joined up with them and well actually I didn't get up there first. I went into one place and we got shot out. I mean just blessed all over the place. I chop got hit. So we pulled outta there. We didn't land. I dunno how the hell they knew we were there coming in that place, a landing zone.


And the next one we got to, we weren't going to quit. We were going in there and they had these pieces of, had grenades on, on long poles that was set up with wire around 'em. And they had these grenades with the, if you land in those, in that area, the chopper would pull the pins on the grenades and they would blow from each side. So it was booby trapped the whole landing zone. Yeah. So figured that out.


And we got the hell outta there and we went out. How did you guys see that? In A helicopter Training? I guess we spent so much time in the damn jungles and we saw it and then the chopper went up. He just kept going up. Then all of a sudden he just dropped down all the rotation they called it. And he just turned it loose. Come on down like that. Then restarted about 200 feet off the ground differently from where we were with his booby traps. And we got to where we needed to be And We started operating.


We are angry. This is supposed to be our last mission. Now I'm taking whatever I have left, go home. But most of 'em are gone. Was a hard, hard tour. I was enlisted man, now I'm in command. Jordan, who was command at first, he went, he got trained, he got outta there. So Lieutenant Capers now gets the hard duties of taking the guys with me. I left. I left one man back 'cause he had a hernia, but he didn't wanna stay back.


He came to my tent and said, Lieutenant, I gotta go. You know you can't leave me behind. And I said, no ski, you know, Roski was his name. Said, you've done a good job, you've been with me all the way. You fought a good war now you go home now and you have a happy life. Well he was the only survivor that didn't get killed. And I loved him. Still alive. You guys keep in touch. Yeah, still alive. I talked to him the other day. Came to my wife's funeral, my son's funeral.


We were, they were both buried together, wife and son. But ski was there. He was always there. And I was, I got hospitalized a couple years ago in Wilmington and I woke up one morning and guess who was standing there? Roski says, Hey sir, I'm here. He was my point man. Point man, loyal. It broke my heart to leave him behind in flock. But I made the right decision because the guy that took over, A guy named You.


All right? Yeah. Okay. Nick, the Greek. I replaced Roski with Nick de Greek and I gave him M 60 machine gun. And it got down to the fact that when we used that M 60, he blew up everything. He got lost a leg. Nick de Greek did the big man at 19 inch arms and he used that M 60 leg. It was nothing tough kid. But since the Roski wasn't there, he came to me and he said, Lieutenant, let me, let me point man I can do it.


I said, you know, Nick, tough job. You know I'm gonna be up front. He said, yeah, but I can cover you somewhere along the line. I let Nick be the point man with the M sixties and leading into that, a lot of things of course happened. Leading into that conversation with Nick. A war dog King was killed. How was the war Dog King killed. Hmm? How was the war? Dog King killed. He was killed when explosions went off.


Is one of them things that you that he killed. Two enemy soldiers. He's a big dog trained to kill. We had to keep him in a cage. You know, only I and the dog handle could hold on, could could hold him. And Miller got hit. Everybody was wounded. Rapo lost a leg. And is this food lock ho lock? What? What happened first? What happened first there sounds like there were three really bad firefights where he lost one marine.


Is that correct? We, we lost the Marine didn't lose the man in flock. No, No. Everybody survive except the dog. But we had other missions where we lost somebody. Okay. All of us experienced that. All the platoons and teams at, we killed a bunch of people and some of ours was wounded. Young Stanley. He was my point man lost with Roski.


But he got shot and killed at Cason. Your team was ambushed in and flock, Correct? Oh, he was with another team and they went out on a mission and they got hit and grenade came in, from what I'm told, grenade came in and he rolled on it and the grenade blew him up. Everybody was wounded on that mission. But he was his KIA young guy. I went to see his mother after the war. 'cause I wrote the usual letters, you know, today your son was killed, I'm sorry.


And this and that. That was hard to do. So I went to see his mother and I apologized to her. She accepted it was okay. Then a few years later his brother called me. But his brother, his mother and his brother had divorced and he was raised by his father. And so he wasn't there. But he did call me some years later to thank me, you know, and he never come to see me. But I did go see scanner's mother.


He was hit bad and at the time what I was told I was not in that area, that he jumped on a grenade. So I put him in for the marijuana, it was the right thing to do and Jordan refused to send it forward, the kid's dead. And he saved a lot of lives. Those M 20 sixes that we carried, you know, were, it would would kill at least two or three people. But he John and we knew that his sternum was, was crushed. So we knew that the grenade was under him.


So now that wasn't at flock. That was at Cason. You were talking about flock, right? Yeah. Lot of firefights. Boy, that's a long part there. How do I simplify it? You don't have to simplify it. Thank you. After the POW raid, I Went to Hong Kong for four days.


They tried to kill my ass in Hong Kong. Yeah, you had mentioned that. Yeah. So I come back. Do you know who tried to kill you In Hong Kong? Thugs, you know, they knew that American Marines and soldiers was coming there for P for, I forgot what the hell it was called now. R and R. R and R, yeah. And they had gang, you know, gang things set up. You know, we'd go to the clubs and sometime you find a dead marine and the mps, which is run by the British, would look into it.


But we had a water fight. We were still fighting in Vietnam. And I come back and I heard scanner was killed. Yeah, yeah. Because we had breakfast. One morning a colonel told me, he asked me and I heard about a Cason. I know Sergeant Major asked me had I heard about Cason. I said, no Sergeant Major. He said, we had a lot of trouble up there.


And he said Scanlon was killed. And everybody knew I loved scan. He like a son to me, hard freckled face red hair, always smiling. And he was, he was after the war, he was coming to live with me for a while. So it was kind of personal. When Scanlon got killed, now they sending me the cason. I got there and I'm going back to Cason I guess it is.


And Ransom long range missions, I mean, and walking. And we came home with a python snake, 20 foot long weighed almost 200 pounds. We put him in a big sack, brought 'em back. And we didn't cross the river with him because it was too heavy. So we left him on the side of the river and we swam across the river and went up the mountain where our base was. We left the snake there. We got back and I told the pilots about the snake we had caught, he said, ah, he ain't no snake that long.


I said, well give us a ride with your helicopter. We'll go down and get 'em. So he, we rolled down with the helicopter and one of my swimmers jumped out. He landed on a big rock there. Swimmers jumped out, went on and got the snake. He was loose and we brought him back to the base. And some of this stuff you've already read, I'm sure, but you've done your homework. But we put the snake in a excavation and he would lie there. And I think Sergeant Yerman said, well we're gonna get him something to eat. So he drove down to town and come back with a damn duck.


And he tied the duck one leg and put the duck in the hole there with the snake snakes lying in there, hadn't really moved. Ducks in there quacking. I said, you know that duck looks tight, looks tough, he's gonna kick their ass outta that snake in there. So everybody's laughing and the all that's be nut with the feathers in there and the snake going to eat, eat that duck. So everybody's coming by to betting, you know, troops bet on any damn thing, you know who's gonna win this fight.


The next day we look in this hole and the snake was dead as a doornail. No shit laying out this and the duck is crooking pering around. Yeah, the ducks pecked that snake to death. And everybody was laughing and they believed it for a while that the duck had pecked the snake. And it was unbelievable story but it was fun. And we took the snake and we gave 'em to the mountainy yard, which is the mountainy yard tribe used to help us with intel in the mountains there, an older tribe called Mountain Yards. And for them helping us, I gave them some of the meat from the snake and we gave them the skin, some of 'em, and we cut the skin off and they made belts and some of the troops made belts outta the skin from the snake.


But they named him Goma Powell, which a popular, popular TV program during that period of time. So they named the snake Goma Powell. So they had fun with that name and the death of the snake. Okay, young time to go back killing people, kill 'em all this time. But we had the three 24th B division that had come across the 16th parallel And They were going to south, they're gonna chase the Americans out.


But you know, Sean, you don't chase Marines outta anything. It just don't happen that way. Even Jima and Okinawa and all those places that we fought in and we always had corpsman with us. There's some wonderful stories we had with the corpsman lost. I got a seal corpsman. Doc Burwell, he's still alive. He was a corpsman. Good man, tough guy. And he used to hold a deep sea diving record if you ever heard of Doc Burwell.


But he served with us Well good man. Tough guy. That's, I don't want to get you outta your sequence there, but we were talking about It's good. Yeah, we're talking about flock. Yeah, flock. That was my last mission. And we got into, we were supposed to destroy the, the, the base camp. The NVA had set up a base camp on the reverse side of the mountain. So I had to get in there, see how I can blow the hell outta that, that base camp.


And I run in some of the guards along the way and kill them. Finally saw, got to the top. How did you kill 'em? Was it quiet? Were you in a firefight? It was a firefight. It was a firefight. All firefights. So trying to get in there, we didn't go in by helicopter, we walked in, fought our way in. 'cause I had to see what's on the other side of that mountain. And I did blow it. I called in the phantoms and they came in and blew their hell out of it.


And they came out, wig their wings, they'd come in again. This blew the hell out of it. Dropping all kinds of ammunition. And then the helicopters helped us out tack accomplice. We accomplished the mission. That base didn't operate anymore. Team, broad minded. And we had to fight our way there. And full lock, I, No, that wasn't flock, that was another mission.


But flock, we all got wounded. We actually walked in. We couldn't get the flight in because like I said, the, they had booby traps and all that. So we actually walked in and we linked up with a group that lived in with them and I, you know, a group of marines that lived with them. No Kidding. And we stayed with them for the evening. And we left that night and we walked in in the territory. We are deadly.


You know, we went around the, the rice patties and we went through, got to a graveyard and a lot of firing was going on. Everybody was shooting with the see the tracers, tracers going. So I didn't wanna walk into that. So I put my guys in a graveyard, had the cement things there. So we stayed there and watched the battle. So no, we are not gonna walk into that. So we spent the night there a good bit of the night.


And then when I thought I could get in to where I needed to go, I took off about maybe four to one team brought on it. And our dog, we took off and looking back on it, we, we linked up with some of the marines that was already out there linked up with them. And they'd had a hard time and they were going to have a hard time. I think it was one three or something like that. But they had a hard time.


And we just come in there and We started to, you know, we got into firefights. I think we had seven damn firefights fights in those four days. Jeez. Bloody. And we run our ammunition the second day. And the chopper came in and brought some ammunition and grenades to us on the last day. I think I threw 19 grenades. They hit us hard, we hit them hard. My dog killed some, I know I, I know how many I killed. They don't, can't count it up.


But they used to want to know how many Ws w waas that you kill. And nobody thought about that. You, you know, you are on full automatic. You got your M 60, you got the M 79. You know everything you got, you are putting it out there because if they, if you didn't, you could get overrun. But there was no chance they overrun us. We were all wounded and we had killed most of them. And last decision time, what do I do now?


I thought, well we knew that the choppers or the phantoms that blew up on the other side, they're taking care of that on the side. So I don't know that I really wanna do that. 'cause they might reinforcements from somewhere. This is their damn country. And it wasn't very loyal. We we're loyal. We'll fight with the army, we will fight with the navy, but we are not gonna fight with the Vietnamese 'cause we don't trust them. Number one. Never did. But explosions was going off and I started firing and it kept firing.


I kept throwing hand grenades and sometime they would hit a tree or something like that and bounce back on the ground. And you'd have to make sure that if that thing went off you, you were covered. So we finally had to make a decision to get outta there. And they both my legs were broken. I was bleeding all over the place. We weren't going to quit. We weren't going to give up, weren't gonna be captured. So we got, finally got down to the helicopter. It landed, there was two of them. One was circulating around and then the other one landed.


And I think you know that story, but I'll tell it for your audience. The helicopter landed and I brought all my men in and I was being helped by one of the troops. My dog's body. Brought the dog's body in king and then had a problem getting everybody on that 34 H. 34 small helicopter. Got all the bodies on King's body on. But it was, I had nine men and the dog and the chopper.


It was too light of a chopper to get me on board. So I told the, the crew chief, get my men outta here, I'll make it fun way. He said, no, come on board. He grabbed me and there was noises going on. He grabbed me by my harness, pulled me on the helicopter and the helicopter went up about 10 feet and crashed. Bam. I fell off bleeding all over the place. But I could stand, I had broken leg, I was standing, but this is a battle.


Your personal injuries don't count. He grabbed me again, pulled me on board. Now, I don't know, I was, my car had given me morphine, so I don't know if he went up another time or if he just went outta there. But he did take off, turned around and it kept going. And one of the, the co-pilot was shot and the pilot started going home and it started to rain lightning.


And the Chapo was wobbling a little bit, but we were talking about God up in Cason. I was on my knees one night after a young child was injured and one of them firefights at Caseon. So I picked the child up and run toward the aid station. The time I got there, the child had died in my arms. And I laid the child down when her arms was hold on to my, my arms.


I couldn't hardly lay her down. But I got her, laid her down and she was dead. I went back to where I needed to be and I saw, I saw my coma. I said, doc, come here. He said, yes sir. I said, I'm going to need you now. There'll be, I figured they'd be coming back in. We had this barbed wire, this department cassons barbed wire. And we had it because they would come in at night, they'd throw grenades through that barbed wire.


And so I told the corpsman, you stay with me. And the corpsman said yesterday, came around and stood by my right. I was standing and he said, Lieutenant, I'm a little tired, you know, I said, can I sit for a minute? I said, yeah doc, we got a few minutes. And then we heard those Bugles America and you die. And all this other for Lessness. Doc sat down. I said, doc, they're coming now.


Doc fell over dead, died on his post. Damn. That's what I said. Damn He, He didn't tell me he was wounded. A hole in his chest. I didn't see it should have but said Doc. I called him over. I didn't know he'd been wounded, but it's my fault. And over the years I grieved about that. Still grieve about it. The boy sat down there and said, I'm just a little tired sir. I'll be okay damnit, I'll be okay.


Brave where you get such men from. Where did we get him from? A young sailor. I never knew his name. At least I don't remember his name. Sat down. And when I said It's time to fight, he was gone. He would have fought. He had fought. I always thought about Doc, what he might have been, what he might become. He might've cured cancer. He might've done something for all of us.


Yeah. But then for me, the demons come home. Now you gotta deal with Jim Capers, the warrior. I looked up in the sky that night and I prayed to God, said God, I need help tonight. I need help. That little girl I tried to say was gone. The warrior corpsman was gone and I was on my knees. I'm looking up in the sky. I said, God, I need you. Please help me. I'm praying God didn't say it's gonna be okay son.


But when I needed it, God saved my life at another part, which I'll tell you later on, which is confirms my, my belief in God. I wouldn't be here today if God hadn't answered my pray. Didn't answer it when I was on my knees praying. But God answers prayers when he needs to answer. He'll talk to you then. He doesn't do things when you want 'em done. He does things when he wants 'em done. I've been through the God thing. Trust me, I know what God is and I'll see him again.


I'll see my wife and my son. I believe that I'll see 'em again. May not be a day tomorrow. Hell, you may jump up and pull a hand grenade. I'm on a lot of hand grenades. It wouldn't go off. Go off. God's got me, kept me alive. All this, this time, this summer. I'll be 88 years old. Well, where did God show up? Was it in food lock? Hmm? Where did God show up? God showed up in, he always showed up when he went to show up.


Maybe not for me, but other men that would've died. And artillery came in that I didn't know was coming, but God showed up when I was coming out of flock, when the chopper was flying us back toed. It was raining. It was a rough night. We'd been out there and it start to go down. I was sitting in the, in the doorway and my wounded guys were holding on to me.


And the guys in the background were lying down. They were crying and you know, moaning and 'cause they would've been wounded pretty seriously. You know, Nick lost a leg and you know the whole bit. And I'm standing in, the chopper was flying in and it started going down. I dunno if it had been out of fuel, it was going down. It was kind of a nasty night. It was that night and all of a sudden the hand that God reached out and snapped it caught that helicopter and kept it flying. I told I had no fuel and not enough fuel.


But when I asked God, God said, now I'll show you that I am God. I'll give you my hand. And he kept the helicopter flying. Everybody on that helicopter live. Those are stories that are real. 'cause all the men on board saw the same thing. We were going down. How in the hell there's a helicopter going down? All of a sudden God grabbed it and kept it flying. Then when they took it to the maintenance folks, they said they had no gas. They said it shouldn't have been, shouldn't have flown. And I'm told they took it to some place.


It never flown again. God can do amazing things. That particular night when we were crashing and all those lives would've been lost. And I would not have been a 77-year-old man. About to turn 88, 78, 88, 87. I'm 87 now. I turn 88 this year. What a blessing. What a blessing. So I know about God. I also prayed when my son was dying in the hospital, I was standing by his side And He closed his eyes.


I couldn't save him. I prayed to God. I wanted a miracle, but he died in my arms. But Here's what I had to finally see that my son is not blind. God has him now. He's in the bosom of God. My wife does not have cancer. Now. God has healed both of them. They're happy. They're sitting at the right hand of God and they're waiting on me. And I don't know if God will allow guy like me who hadn't been a nice guy, but I wanna believe that he'll forgive me.


Well, I think he must feel pretty fondly of you if you saved that helicopter. He didn't just save the helicopter. He saved all of us. There were human beings on the helicopter. I don't know. They had prayed like I prayed. But when I was in Ksan, I asked God to, you know, show me a miracle. Hit me with a bolt of lightning. But he didn't. But when that chopper was going down, and like I said, God reached hand out with his mighty hand and kept it flying in spite of the rain and light and everything else was going on. I knew it was going down. 'cause I saw the blood all over the place.


It's full of blood. 'cause everybody been wounded. I mean, it doesn't sound like the helicopter should have even been able to take off. 'cause the first time it couldn't. You're right. They, they took it out of outta service and they said it shouldn't have been flown that night. I don't know. But I can only say that God saved us when we needed to be saved. I've had other cases when I prayed, prayed for my son that didn't work. But then God has him now and my wife died of cancer after 50 years of marriage. I'll see her again.


Do you think about dying? Do I think about dying? No, not really because I got friends like you that keep me going. No, I'm all right. I have C serious PTSD. So they tell me and I have nightmares. The battlefields come back to me. I live alone in my home. But I have friends that come to see me. The government provides a nurse to see me and old friends come over and help me.


I can't get around very well anymore. I don't drive. And no, I've had problems. I'll say sleeping the demons comes home. And I know if you know what PTSD is, but I'm not a doctor. But I know that I've had trouble with it. And it takes a lot of people to give me a hand these days. I still got a piece of wire in this leg and metal in my lower legs and then my thighs. I had a heart attack.


I've had surgery. And you know, the doctors doing what they can to keep an older guy alive. They gimme purple hearts. And now I understand they're trying to gimme the marijuana. Won't bring my men back. You got a silver star for bock. Yeah. Sounds like it's good possibility. It's gonna get upgraded to Medal of Honor. What'd you say? It sounds like there's a good possibility that's gonna get upgraded to the Medal of Honor. Well, that's What they're telling me. You know, I, there's a list of 47 senators and congressmen who sent the letter to the president and asking him to give me the, the medal of honor.


Now he's a busy man president, so I don't know whether he'll get around to that or even if he wants to get around to it. I got nominated in 67 when my general come to see me and after flock and kissed me on the head forehead. And there were folks who I was full of morphine. I don't really know what happened there. But what folks told me was that he had planned to gimme the Medal of Honor or recommended me. Congress gives that, or the president gives that he got killed in a helicopter crash.


So I, you know, left and went home and did the family thing and didn't think about it much until the young general, named General James Williams used to be one of my platoon sergeants. Platoon commanders rather. He was now a two star general. And he'd heard all these stories from at my reunions, talked the guys that said, well, major Capers did this, major Capers did. That wasn't sympathy, but they were there. And Williams, as he come through a young man, he decided to call me back to duty.


And that's what he did. And he recommended me. How many of those men that were on that helicopter with you are still alive today? One man that I know was, his name was Henry Stanton. Huge young man, black kid. He was my M 79 man. He run outta ammunition. I was on the explosion, hit me and hit him. And I would lean up back against a, a, a tree or something and I reached around, I was holding Stanton and I reached around to take the dog tags off of another marine that I was holding.


Well, Stanton, I was holding y'all. I was holding Stanton. I reached around to take the dog tags off and he looked up to me and he said, Lieutenant, I don't think we're gonna make it this time. You know, he'd been hitting, lost a kidney and his blood all over the place. He's bleeding out of his mouth, something out of his nose. Said, no, we're gonna make it you hold on son, you hold on. One of the bravest things I ever heard. He said, hand me a rifle. I can still fight after all this explosion and whatever.


Said, just hand me a rifle, sir. I can still fight. That's a man, that's a patriot. That's some rain. I can still fight. And he Said, I'm gonna get you outta here son. And everything just, you know, went to hell. But he lives, he's still alive. Do you keep in touch with him? Hmm? Do you keep in touch with him? I called him and tell him that looked like they want to gimme the medal of Honor. He says, oh hell sir, they should have done that 50 years ago.


I said, I understand, but this is what they're telling me now. And I got sent a letter that had all that. You saw that or not that the signatures, all the sentences from congressmen. I didn't know most of those guys. But Bull and the team, they've been pulling the strings. General Williams and all of the ones that done, I'm, I'm proud, I haven't thought about the marijuana. I thought about my troops when they gave me a silver star. I figured, oh gee, that's somebody's pulling strings. I never thought I did anything. I did my job like I did when that shark was going to eat the hell outta one of my team members.


That's what you do. Sure you've done it or you are trained to do it. Roski is still alive. But he wasn't on the fool lock mission. He had a hernia and I sent him back to aid station. He pissed by. He wanted to go. And I put Nick in skis place. Nick lost a leg. Nick was a big man at 19 inch arms, 50 inch chest. He carried that M 60 like nothing. When he got hit, I heard him screaming part of my language, you mfs, I want, you know, he was just firing with his, which is a large weapon.


But the got hit and he kept fighting. Stamp kept fighting. They all kept fighting. There was no quitting team bromine. It just, my dog Miller is gone now. Repo is gone now. You know, Sergeant Yerman is gone now and a few years ago they put me in a hospital. Didn't look good for me, But God knows I don't worry about it. You know, after, after Vietnam, you, you, you were involved with the CIA in the Cold War?


Well there was nothing to that. No, No, not really. What were you doing? They tried to get me on full time. I had done this stuff in Vietnam. I did the CIA thing there in Vietnam. And I'd help 'em when I, when I was, this is not Vietnam, but when I was CO of Force recon, some of the guys that were about to deploy, I'd bring them down to Camp Lejeune so they could go through the, the jumpmasters course or repelling course, whatever it was. You know, I'd do that for 'em.


And of course in Vietnam I did that thing and Europe. But they're a good group. They were a lot of young guys. I did the, did the FBI stuff, FBI gave me two Thompson saw machine guns when I retired, you know, on, you know, I got a young man now he retired two star and, and the CIAI trained a lot of those guys, you know. But as far as operating, my operating operations were not very good.


And that's not what I'm just supposed to say. There's a lot of stuff that I was involved in. Yeah. And you sure you probably have done the same things? Not me, because of what I look like, number one. And the way they're set up to operate now the FBII, you know, tried to help out there. I put them through our JUMP program and Jump master program and martial arts. I used to run the martial arts program for a long time, you know, but different folks that wanna not kill people.


What did it feel like when you got inducted into the US Special Operations Hall of Honor? I didn't know about it. You didn't know about it? No. I had lost my wife, my son. I was living in California and the general called me, look at his name now and told me they were coming up with a program and they were looking for names to submit. And he said, everybody kind of feel like maybe you would would be the first one.


And I said, well, I don't know much about it, but they flew me from California where I was living to, I think I was in, flew me to Tampa, might have been Tampa, I don't know. Flew me to Tampa and Admiral Olson was a seal one time. And because he's still a seal, like he is still a Marine, that's, he was a nice guy. And he, he picked me to gimme me. The first one, I didn't get the medal at first. They had to make this, then he sent it to me in the mail.


Then the Marines, this is the Vietnam medal right here. And this is the commando medal. The Raider medal. So this is stuff all presented me to me. And sometime I forget to wear, I don't wear it all the time, but I thought I'd wear it for your show. Thank you. I wish my wife was here to see this. To see me sitting there with a famous guy like you. I'm sure she's watching. Yeah. Yeah, she probably is. And your son too? Yeah, he was a musician. You know, he played the piano, the flute, the melodica, the organ.


Did he really? Oh yeah, all that. Yeah, he played in church, but he had other disabilities. He couldn't, he couldn't do what I'm doing now as far as whole the conversation. Wonderful child. Wonderful child. We used to sit and hug each other before he went to bed and you know, a lovable child. And one night he knocked on my door, al door. He said, dad, I got a headache.


Oh yes son, I had a stomach ache. I said, okay son. So went to the hospital, doctor says, well, and there's nothing a whole lot we can do. So I brought him back the first night and then the second night it got worse. So I took him back to the hospital and they said, well, you know, we don't see much we can do with a stomach ache. We damn. So I took him back home. Then I took him back the third night.


Then for me, now I'm having a problem. And they had him laid down on a table and he died right there. He let my son die. And he, see I'm not a bad guy, but I was angry. My son is gone now. They had me in a little chapel there. The pastor come in, my wife was sick and she wasn't there.


So I'm standing there and I don't know what to do. On one way I'm feeling one, feeling one way. I'm angry. My child's lying there dead. And they're telling me they're sorry. You know, demons did come home that night. I told 'em all, you need to leave me alone. Now my wife is coming, I'll be all right. Just leave me alone now. And then everybody tried to tell me this, that, and it got to the point where I, you know, didn't lose control, but they didn't know who they were dealing with.


I gotta kill 'em all. I thought about that. But God stepped in, says, no you don't. No you don't. And my wife finally showed up And I met her at the car and she came to see our child. Then we walked down the, this all hall together. And we had been walking down that hall together for a long time. The reason I never met remarried, I can appreciate a pretty girl, but Dotty was special.


A military wife, you know. But we got through that seemed like the next day Dotty dies of cancer. Now I'm thinking, how do I pull this off? Now the human being, I'm sure you had stress. But now I'm in a place where I don't need to be. I made a plan to kill the doctor. I called one of my friends in Arizona and he was gonna help me blow up the gas station as a decoy policeman.


And the farmer would be there. And when a doctor come outta the hospital, it was gonna kill him with my knife. I was gonna kill him with my knife. What stopped you? God Stopped me. How? I'm not good enough to tell you how God works. I, I don't, I'm not that good. But I know that I pull off the operation. My men was ready to go. They were volunteers. Team from Arizona were here in Jacksonville.


We wanna blow a couple of gas stations. And you know, that's the easiest stuff to I'm sure you not do that stuff. I could, You know, Divert the police force, you know, the fire department. Then when the, when the doctor come out of his office, I was gonna be parked. I was gonna grab him, I was gonna cut his throat. That's what I do. But I'll probably mention that kind of stuff too much in your interview. But God stepped in and I came home. Well I was home and I had said my pastor came over to the house.


It was about three o'clock in the morning. Now Dottie wasn't crying. I didn't know why. But Dottie wasn't crying. I was crying. But I think Dottie had to be tough for me. She believed in God too. We always went to church. You know, we built the church. One time my troops and I built the church from the ground up. Stole the wood. I hate to say it that way, but we got to some place. We stole some old wood, got it built.


Dotty was the first lady and I, I had a, a chaplain that wasn't too far. He was helping me with it. And my son played the piano in church. Dotty was the first lady. And we sang every Sunday and my chaplain prayed And it wasn't a big church, but we enjoyed that so much. And some of the guys who had been in trouble and they were back in those days, we had some serious issues and they'd come every Sunday and they enjoyed it so much.


Some sort of a relief I guess by the commanding officer sitting with him in church. And his wife is singing and his son is playing the piano. And my buddy, the chaplain, it was such a wonderful thing to see, nothing to do with, you know, with anything else but the human spirit. We want the art of God and we want to build a place. And I'm sure you can relate that in the Bible terms. But Years later I went back to that area. I went to see if that church was still, it was a little about this size, I guess it is room.


I went back there and I parked my car and I looked around, I said, well I think it was over here that's started walking over there. And the young Marine came out, just came over and says, Hey sir, are you all right? I said, yes. And there used to be a church about this area over here. He said, no sir, not that I know of, but I'll help you look. So he's walking along with me. He said, where you come from sir? I said, well I live in the area, but I used to be stationed here and there was a church over here that we built. And I just thought I would visit it. And he said, no sir, there is no church here. And I've been here for a while. I've never seen or heard of a church that you wouldn't be lying to me, would your son?


He said, no sir, I never, Marines never lie. And okay, I got in my car and I drove home. Dottie and Gary was still alive at the time. Sometime it's hard for me to differentiate the timing 'cause we were blessed with good years and I've been blessed with good years, but my memory is not all that good. Which you'll probably see with this interview. I don't remember everything like I should. But then again, I offer the excuse of being 87 years old now.


You're doing just fine. Thank you sir. Appreciate that. Appreciate that. Well, I live by myself and I have, I don't talk to a lot of people. You know, I have guys come to see me. Matter of fact, on the way up here, a friend of mine, a three star general, He come to the house to see me and he's probably gonna be the Commandant Marine Corps one day.


Nice young man. I was his guest speaker at a Marine Corps ball one time. So they called me out when I, they'd need me. I put my tuxedo on and tried to hold my stomach in. I saw him the other day. But now we're passing the torch. Now, young people like yourself and the others, they give me a chance to say some things and I appreciate that. I don't know if I can tell you in sequence, because you never ask, ask an 87-year-old man to see something in sequence.


'cause I'm gonna be all over the place. You established the Gary and Dottie Capers Foundation. Yeah, I did To help kids. Special Hope gone now. And I thought I'd honor them by establishing a non-profit organization. And I had some volunteers. Nobody's paid to do certain things to raise money. Well, Dottie was there. We started for Gary, but Dottie was still alive. And we started this thing and we'd bring people in, friends in, raise money for a non-profit.


You know, there were a lot of homeless people in our town on too many homeless people. So now we gotta feed them. And we did that. We moved some to my home. We brought homeless in and Dody cooked for 'em, washed their clothes, trying to help, just like I'd been helped. We don't forget those things. When that white family took me in and washed my clothes and gave me clothes and fed me, put me down at night so I could sleep and stood watch over me as a black man, you don't forget those things.


It's a noble example of what America is, what it should be and what it is. Not the way it always is. Where do people donate to that foundation? Their time. Sometime they donated money. If somebody wanted to donate money, where would they, where would they go? We have a website and Kenya Yata happens to be the president of it. He's the young man that came with me. He happens to be the president of the organization. Well, I'll tell you what, we'll put the, the link to the website and the description of this, this interview.


So if anybody wants To donate, bless your heart, they could do it. I knew you had a good heart. I knew you just weren't a mean guy. I knew that it would help us because it, when the virus hit us, you know, folks lost jobs and McDonald's closed. And I remember when a couple of my guys came to my house and said, major, we lost a McDonald's here. And said, well, yeah, that's okay, but I don't eat at McDonald's anyway. But they told me that one of the ladies there who had a couple of chil, had a couple of children, didn't have a job and her rent was due.


She was going to get evicted. Oh man. They brought her to the house, nice young lady. I says, how much do you need? She said, well, I need about $2,000. I didn't discuss it. Gave her $2,000 on the spot. I have been homeless, you know, not intentionally. My folks didn't want to give me away, but they thought it would be better with this family and they took me in.


But any rate, the foundation has done good. We've had, we have a young lady named Ashley Cato. She did the Documentary for us. I don't know if you've ever seen that The Documentary and other folks have jumped in to try to help to raise money for the homeless. Not for me. The government gives me a check every month. They pay me a lot of money for the Purple Hearts. I have a lot, but you know, I have five purple hearts. I can only get three here. I got so many down times when I got to the hospital, they found holes that I hadn't been, they hadn't told me about back of my legs.


And I said, what the, how the hell that happen? But there's so many firefights and, and, and you're wounded, but you don't go to the hospital. The corpsman patches you up. You know you're not gonna, yeah, you need to be there with your troops. Always with your troops. I did that. I'm an 87-year-old man now and I'm telling stories that happened years ago. Nobody gives a damn anymore. Only 2% of our country joins the military. Oh, I think a lot of people are gonna dig, are gonna give a damn about this one.


So, You know, been a little tough for the old man. Been a little tough. And he told me I was coming on your show. I kept calling you Ryan Shaw. And they said, no, no, no. Remember now, you know, he's important. You know, he has so many people listening to him Now don't screw it up. I'm not important. I'm just a guy doing what I like to do, which Is I'm happy for you.


Thank You. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be here too and I'm happy you're here. And on that note, major capers. I just wanna say, once again, it's an honor, thank you to interview you and, and to get your story out and God bless Dottie and Gary. Yeah, I really, I Appreciate that. And I really hope your silver star gets upgraded to a medal of Honor. It'd be nice. Are we done? We're done. You told me you'd be here till six o'clock. Thank you. Thank you.


Expert entrepreneur. Ed Millet is on a mission to max out your life. I exist here weekly so that you can make your dreams come true. Become the man or woman you're capable of, and then pay it forward. It's time to get laser focused on peak performance. Clarity equals focus and focus equals success. That's what I'm here to do every week with you. Max out The add my Let show, follow, and listen on your favorite platform.