
Auto insurance can all seem the same until it comes time to use it. So don't get stuck paying more for less coverage. Switch to USAA auto insurance and you could start saving money in no time. Get a quote today. Restrictions apply. SAA.


Since you're new to h and r Block, we'll look at your returns from the last three years for any money your last guy might have missed for free. I could get money back from last year. You Could we'll find any mistakes. Could Have really used that two years ago when I dated that mistake for five months. Don't leave money on the table. Switch to h and r Block and get a free second look review. Second look is included at no additional cost with the purchase of tax preparation. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply. If you have us file an amended return.


King Randall, Welcome to the show man. Man, thanks for having me. Glad to be here. It's my honor. I love, love, love what you're doing down in Albany and I've been really looking forward to this interview. So Yes sir. I appreciate it. You got a lot of fans in Albany too. I mentioned it to a couple of people and they were like, you gonna where? Really? Yeah, I got got fans down there. Yes sir. Damn, that's cool to hear. Yep. That's cool to hear. Well, I'm gonna start you off with a introduction here. King Randall, you graduated culinary school at age 17. You were a former United States Marine, a leader in your community and a role model and mentor for many young men. And you're only 25 years old.


In 2019, you founded The X for Boys program to fight back against the high crime rate in your community by stepping up to mentor young men. This is the only rehabilitative program for juvenile offenders in South Georgia. That's surprising, man. In August, 2022, you founded the Life Preparatory School for Boys, the first free all Boys boarding school in South Georgia. The school's motto, let's make men reflect your vision. You earned the 2019 Larry Sanders Legacy Award, the 2021 B one Education Award and the 2023 Dream Stone Award from Dr. Martin Luther King Jr's family.


Yep. Wednesday, tomorrow you'll be going to the White House. Yep. And most importantly, probably out of every, not probably out of everything, you're a father to three boys. Yes, yes. So man, and you're a Christian. Yes, absolutely. Born and raised Christian. Really? Grandmother was a preacher, grandfather down in Florida. My dad's father preaching. I played the drums my whole life from about, my grandmother used to have church at home, so we used to have people come to the house and my grandmother had me this little drum set and I started playing the drums there. This was before my grandmother could afford to get us a church. And I started out playing the drums there.


And I played the drums all the way up until I was about 17 or 18. Right when I went to the Marine Corps, that's when I stopped. But other than that, I spent my whole life at church. You Still do It? Play the drums. Yeah. Nah, you know what, I've been wanting to get back into it. I've been considering buying a drum set. I've been missing it lately, apparently, but, 'cause I find myself still doing it a little bit. But I played my whole life, man. I, and it is weird for me to go to church now. It's interesting. It's so weird for me to be at church. I literally spent every second at church behind the drum set. So it's so hard for me to actually just sit at church and pay attention because I'm used to listening for cues. Like we, we had to worship differently. We couldn't just sit there and just pay attention. Like we paid attention, but we worshiped in our own way.


So I'm used to listening for cues. I'm watching the musicians, seeing what they're doing, watching the num, the number chords, they're calling out 'cause I'm listening, watching the bass player. 'cause that's, that's the guy I had to watch. You know, calling numbers out, calling hits, all that stuff. So I'm, I'm used to that. So every time I go to church it's like super weird 'cause I'm like staring at the musicians the whole time. So it's just, it was just interesting, man. It's very weird for me to be at church now, but I, I love it. I love it. Do you take, do you and your, do you take your kids to church? Absolutely. Yeah. They go to church. So their grandfather on their mom's side, he's a pastor in Cubert, Georgia. And they love to go see him preach and he'll bring him on the pulpit. 'cause they wanna sit by him before he's about to preach.


So his name Pastor Von, and they love him. I love him too. He's a great man. But my sons love their grandfather. Their maternal grandfather. They love him to death, so, oh, that's cool. They listen to him preach often. Every Sunday on Saturdays, they're like, dad, can we go to my God house so we can go to church with them? They ask every Saturday, you know, to go to church. They ask, they beg to make sure they're going, they get mad if she can't come pick 'em up or something like that. So it's pretty, pretty Neat. Right on. You know, we, we'd had a conversation downstairs about fatherhood and it sound, it sounded like maybe, I don't know, maybe your audience, somebody sounds, it sounds like the way you raise your boys is maybe a little controversial. Yeah, man, in certain people's eyes.


What, what's what? Why I wanted to save it until we're on the podcast. Yeah, man. So my son's very good at baseball. He's six years old, but dude is like the best 6-year-old baseball player you ever seen. But we spend a lot of time practicing. My sons are also homeschooled too. They're homeschooled. I have a private teacher for them also. My mom takes turns, you know, teaching them different things. So they're very intelligent. And he also boxes and he does gymnastics. My oldest son, my younger son does gymnastics also. He's just not old enough to participate, but he's already training in baseball. And so they'll see our videos. I also posted videos where they're crying and upset also because I'm trying to show the part of fatherhood that just knocked the sweet stuff.


For example, my son was about to get ready to, to spar for the first time. He'd been boxing since he was, since he was four. He was practicing. He's just, you know, doing, they teaching him everything, all the plus numbers, et cetera. So he'd been doing that since he was about four years old. And so this is the first time to spart. He's gonna spart his 10-year-old kid. And he'd never been hit in the face before, never been punched, never had any competition in front of him. So I, we got home, I put his gear on at the house in the garage. I got on my knees and I put my gloves on and I'm, I told him to put his hands up and I told him to remember everything that coach Dino had taught him during practice. So I, I hit him in the head. Not hard, but I hit him in the head and he, he was like, dad, you're punching too fast. He just starts crying. He just, ah, you know, he just, ah, he just crying.


And I'm like, put your hands back up, you know, focus. I'm teary-eyed just thinking about it, but I'm like, put your hands back up, son. You know? And he put his hands, I'm like, remember what you were taught, son? And so he started remembering the different, moving out the way and, and throwing punches. I'm like, this is why you were taught for this whole year. You know, this is what you were learning. This is to put into action now. And so then he started getting confident. He started getting aggressive. Like he started punching back and moving out the way and, and, you know, dodging and weaving. So we get to spar the next day and he got a couple great licks off the 10-year-old. He's a good 10-year-old boxer. Not saying he was like really fully boxing them, but to get a couple licks off of him, like some really good licks. I posted the videos and he was so happy that he was to, he did it.


He was like, that was easier than I thought. He was like, I didn't know I could do that. And so I posted those videos and people just like, oh, this is too much. He just needs to have fun. And oh, you're not letting him have fun and fun, fun. It's everything everybody says just aint fun. Fun. I'm like, but what if this is fun to him? He enjoys baseball. He enjoys practicing. Does he enjoy every practice? No. Does he always want to practice? No, but I teach them also that I ask him a question. I'm say, son, when do we work? He always say, when we don't feel like it. Exactly. That's when we work. But then we'll go to the baseball field and we out there with the other kids and he'll notice that he's better than everybody else. He enjoys that. He's now proud. I teach my children not about happiness, but about being proud of themselves. Because being happiness to me, being happy to me is where the devil resides because being happy is hanging out with your friends and going to do little stupid stuff.


It's, it's fleeting. But when I'm proud of myself, when I do something that I could accomplish, you know, and I, and I accomplish a goal, like, I'm like, okay, I wanna hit, he's like, I wanna hit a home run this year. Okay, cool. This kid's six years old. He's Six. He's six. Yeah. And he's like, dad, when did You start this? I mean, when did you Start baseball? It Is, I think it's, I mean, it's intense. Yeah, it's intense. But yeah. But I mean, I, I like it. I mean, you're pushing your kids to the limit, you know, at at age. I do at age six. And, and I do, you're teaching them that, hey, if you want to accomplish something, it takes, it takes a lot of work. And I mean, it sounds like we both can agree. I mean, you just see people today and they think everything's a fucking handout.


It's not. And, you know, and, and, and they don't wanna work for it. Very few people. So, I mean, what, hold on. So when did this start? Does it start at age six? Did it start at four? It started about three, four. My son knows a lot of my, I call my quotables, he'll tell people my quotables too. Like for example, like, we don't try, we do. I always tell him like, no, we're not gonna try anything, we're gonna do it. So he, he tries his hardest to, to do everything. And also like, do things like make him keep his word, for example. I don't allow him to change his mind often. If he said something, I'm like, well, you gotta do it. No, that's what you said you were gonna do. So you have to do it now, you know, because you're, you're gonna be a man one day and your word is your bond, so you have to keep your word. So that's what you said.


So he'll remember like, ah, so he'll think about things before he say it now, you know? And that's important because you're teaching them to think through things before you just say it. And so now he's thinking about what he's, he was like, he was like, mm, nevermind. You know, he'll think about the things he says versus just blurting something out or just saying anything. And so that's very important to instill a lot of these little character traits now. So when they get older, they won't miss it. Like, he knows, like I said, a lot of my quotables, he'll tell people my quotables and say, well, my dad says, you know, x, y, z and this is why we do X, Y, Z. This is why we practice. I always ask the question every time we go practice on the baseball field. You see anybody else out here, son? No sir. Why? 'cause he don't, they don't wanna put that work in.


That's what he'll say. They don't wanna put in the work at age six. At age six. He, he will tell you that they don't wanna put in the work dad. And so again, he'll go out there, you know, to the field when everybody's there. We just had evaluations the other day. He destroy the evaluations or whatever. And, and to me, you know, he'll still critique himself. I teach him about accountability also, for example, like, he'll hit off the T, right? And I don't think it's a good hit. And then he'll say, daddy, that was a thumbs down because I hit the top of the TA little bit. So let's try that one again. I taught him about critiquing himself. 'cause I shouldn't always have to be here to tell you what you did wrong. You should critique yourself, you know, right from wrong. So I put these videos up and it's just, people just like, oh, well what about fun? I'm like, he has fun all the time.


Damn Dude. Most 25 year olds, which you're 25, most 25 year olds don't even get this concept. I feel like it. Yeah. I, but I tell them, I'm like, I teach him to earn everything. Are You a perfectionist? No, I'm not. And I, and I wish I was, but I, I wish I was a perfectionist. My, my chef told me back in school, he said, man, he said, king, you'll be fantastic. He said, you good, but you'll be fantastic if you learn how to finish. Because I'm just not, I just like, I'm just not a perfectionist. I'm trying to get there because I want to make sure that my son see that we gonna finish everything that we do. So it's like, my sons are making me be better too. I critique myself often, you know, with them being, you know, just so young and they're remembering everything. They're watching everything you do.


I'm watching him with my mannerisms and stuff. So it's like I have to be almost perfect to make sure that my sons, you know, are following in the right footsteps. So that's important to me. So even teaching them to earn everything, like for Christmas, he got the shoes, the toys, et cetera. Ask my son, when can he play with that stuff. When you give me something, you have to do something to wear those shoes. So my son, for example, I get up every morning at six 30 and go work out in the gym every single morning. They'll hear the music for the first couple of times I started doing it. They would be like, daddy, what you doing in the morning? I'm like, daddy's working out in the gym, you know, early in the morning. And so they were like, well, can you wake us up so we can come watch? I'm like, why not? Okay. So I got out, I get up in the morning, I go wake em up. I'm like, Hey, daddy's gonna go work out. And they'll get up, they go put their clothes on, they go brush their teeth, and then they'll come outside and come in the gym and watch me work out.


I turn the garage into a training gym. And so then after a while he starts saying, daddy, can we do the workouts too? Why not? You know? So I have him doing things with their, you know, pushups and pullups or whatever like that. And so my son is, you know, very pretty strong now. And he, he, he went viral on Instagram during, he was learning how to swim. And they were talking about his physique. He got like a six pack and he looked like he's been to prison, man, he's six, you know? And so people were talking about his physique. They like, how's he get like that? I'm like, bro, just likes to work out. He likes to, to do pushups. He can do more pushups than I can, you know, so it's, it is really cool to, to watch it. But kids mimic what they see, but it's fun to him. He enjoys it. And so like when we go out of town or we go to Chuck E Cheese or whatever like that, he just has to do something for it.


So he has fun all the time. We just don't give, he always will tell you what I say, we don't have fun for free. We earn it. He always will tell you what age does that start? What age do you start making him earning as, as soon as they understand. Right from wrong. And that's early. Even my younger son, William is three right now. But he also understands right from wrong. So when he wants to watch TV or play a little video game or something like that, okay son, you have to learn how to read better because he wants a Nintendo switch like his brother. And so he tries to, he plays it with him sometimes, but he wants his own. I said, okay, cool. You need to learn how to read this book by your birthday, which is May and I'll get you the Nintendo Switch. So he's working at school, like trying to learn how to read better, because he really wants to learn.


'cause he has trouble playing the game because he can't read everything that's on the screen, you know, like, you know, play now, continue, whatever. He's not understanding everything. So he's working now to read better. 'cause he really wants that game. So I'm just making him earn it all. It's it, I mean, I think that's important because if you just give them things, I, I, I believe it's important for me to create hardship for my sons. They're not gonna want for anything I, I do. Well they're, they do pretty good. They're not gonna grow up in the hood like with me like I did or whatever like that. So I have to create hardship for them. So I do that through sports. I do that through making 'em earn things. I do that through saying no. I say no often I say no for sport. And I say that 'cause no is a character building where you're not gonna always get what you want. So I don't care what sad face you want.


I don't care if it's just something simple. Dad, can I get a bag of chips? No. Like, no, for what? What you need a bag of chips for? No, no. So I say no often. And they used to cry and get upset, but now it's just like, oh, okay, that's it. No, whatever, you know, like that. Or Dad, can I get something to drink? They try to trick me sometime when they ask for something to drink, they really want a juicy juice. I got a little Juicy juice drink. So they'll be like, dad, can I get something to drink? I'm like, yeah. And they'll go in there and go get some juice. They're like, you didn't specify which drink you were talking about. I'm like, you know, I meant get some water, son, don't play with me. You know? So now I'm just like, you can go get some water. And they're like, mm, nevermind. I don't want 'em drink anymore. That's what I thought. You know, like, but go drink some water. Anyway. So it's, it's, it's a lot of different things that I do with them. And it's very particular because it's building those little small character traits.


Even with training practice for baseball or boxing. If the coach tells us to be to practice at four o'clock, I'm like, son, what time we gonna practice three? Like, he, he'll he like, we have to get there an hour before everybody else does so we can get some extra warmups in and get some extra practice. He knows this already. He'll tell his mom the same thing. His mom take him to practice. He, like coach said, we gotta be there at four, but we need to get there at three. So I can get out there and hit off the tee a little bit and I can get some ground balls in before prac, before practice actually starts. So he's already warmed up when everybody gets out there, but he knows, he internalized it already, so he doesn't understand it all the way. But he's internalized that now. So when he gets older, the work ethic is gonna be crazy, you know? 'cause work ethic is in his system now.


It's, I hadn't given him fun. People try to wait till they're like 10 and 11 to, to just to get on them. I'm like, no, you need to get on them as soon as early as possible. At 1-year-old. Nothing's cute anymore for me. I started disciplining at one. You know, after that, nothing is cute. Everything you do wrong is not cute anymore. I don't do the, oh, he threw something. Ha ha ha no, I'm gonna say, no, you don't do that. Or he hit me today. No, you don't hit daddy. You know, like it's, I discipline early. It's nothing's cute anymore. After 1-year-old start raising your child. That's what I believe in. Damn. Were you raised like that? Yeah, my grandmother was pretty strict. Yeah, We'll get into that. We'll get into that.


When your metabolism is working properly, you can feel it in every part of your life. More energy, improved sleep. It's connected. That's why I started using Lumen. A powerful tool that helps me see real time insights into my metabolism. Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. You just breathe into it and it'll lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs. Then the Lumen app gives you a personalized nutrition plan to help optimize your workouts and even manage stress. I check mine first thing in the morning. It's best to check it first thing in the morning. It's like a status report for my metabolism. It's best to check it first thing in the morning. It's like a status report for your metabolism. Plus you can test before and after meals or workouts to see what Lumen says about how your body responds in real time. Take the next step to help improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/ srs for 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ SRS for 20% off your purchase. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring this episode. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA lumen is not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure any disease.


I'm always on the lookout for ways to get healthier, especially now. That's why I am so glad I discovered ARM A colostrum arm. Arma colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely life-changing benefits. Tens of thousands of five star reviews and transformational stories. Armor up colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research backed health benefits. Armor colostrum can help strengthen immunity and gut health, help improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/ SRS or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's TRYA r.com/ SRS. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the DA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute for or alternative to seeking care from your healthcare providers.


It's seeming more and more like we're about to hit an inflation cycle. Like we saw in the seventies, president Reagan once said that inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hitman. And I couldn't agree more. The price of gold during the last inflation cycle during the seventies was a saving grace for a lot of people that were trying to protect their savings. That's why I want you to go to Sean likes gold.com to learn more about my partners over at Gold Co. They're a great company, impeccable customer service. And for my listeners, they're gonna give you a free gold and silver kit where you can learn about how precious metals could help protect your money. And lucky for you. You could also get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. To learn more, call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold or visit sean likes gold.com. That's 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. Or visit sean likes gold.com. Performance may vary. Consult with your tax attorney or financial professional before making an investment decision.


How do you see your oldest treating your, your younger ones? My they Love? Is it rubbing off on them? Yeah, so William and, and Baby King, which is my oldest. William is very different from Baby King. They like night and day. William does not like school. He's not fond of it. He's his own child. He does not get excited about things that Baby King gets excited about. We go to amusement park or something. William's kind of just sitting there like the other day he went to this ice cream shot with nitrogen ice cream where you can get like the Go Dragon's breath and stuff, you know, to breathe a little smoke and stuff. He was like, I don't wanna do that. He does not like the pool. He does not like the beach. He does not like, he's super, like, he doesn't deal, like for example, baby king, he come in here, shake his hand, you know, introduce himself. William does not, he will not talk to you if he doesn't know you.


Like he just, unless I tell him say so, introduce himself and he'll say something. But he just like, like so they like night and very standoffish? Yeah, very standoffish. They're night and day. But I will say something different about them both. I've had to teach baby king, what I call that dog. I have to, I have to teach him aggression. I'm like, son, you have to learn how to turn aggression on and off. So sometimes during baseball practice, I would purposely frustrate him so he could see how good he does when he's upset, when he hits that ball, when he's upset. I'm like, that's the first you ever hit a ball. See how you using that aggression right now? He'll cry. I'm like, okay, now use that and hit the ball, get mad at the ball and hit it. And he like, oh, I didn't know I could hit the ball that far. I said, exactly, so make your angry face and hit the ball and turn it off.


I said, daddy could get angry right now and I can turn it off. I said, you have to learn how to control that aggression. So he's learning about controlled aggression early. William hadn't had to teach aggression to him. When he go hit the ball, he's angry already. When he's, when he's boxing, bro is already angry about it. Like he's in there practicing with his brother. So he watches his brother. Often they get into it like, you know, normal siblings about Sherry and stuff or whatever like that. But for the most part, baby king is always leading. He's like, no, William, you need to brush your teeth, right? You need to make sure you're getting the back of your teeth. You need to make sure you're doing this right. William, put your shoes on the right foot. Grant. William always listen to him. He gets upset with him. Like, no, leave me alone. You know, whatever like that. But he's always leading him. I taught him about that. I'm like, listen, your brother looks up to you.


He might not wanna listen all the time. He'll participate in the bad stuff you're doing, but he doesn't wanna participate in the good things that you do. But What about, what about, I mean, are they observant of other kids? Yes. In the work ethic. And I mean, six years old. Damn dude, He, so he does taking Notes. Yeah. He watches the other kids at practice not go as hard as he does. So next year, baby King will be playing up in baseball. He's going to this 8-year-old team next year. A team called about him. 'cause they've been watching his videos online, so he's gonna play up next year. But that's only because the kids his age are not giving him any, you know, competition. And so, but he watches the kids his age and it's not no fault to the kids and not even necessarily to their parents, it's just that we all raise our kids differently.


And so, like, during the games, you know, sometime people will be like, oh, just, well, why he going so hard about it? Or whatever. I'm like, well, this is why my kid's great and your son suck. Like, because we, we, we, we are, we believe in what we're doing. You know? And like, I just, I, it's, it's important to believe in what you're doing. If we're gonna do something, we're gonna give it our best. We're not just doing anything just for fun. Like if we're gonna do anything, I don't care if we making our bed, we're gonna make our bed the best way we could possibly make our bed. If we're gonna brush our hair, we're gonna brush our hair the best way we possibly can. Brush it. Like do it all the best. I'm like, you wanna be the best at it all. And if you are the best, find somebody else that's better and then go after them. So like, last year during baseball, he wasn't the best on the field yet or whatever last year.


'cause like I said, we've been practicing and we found we wanted the kid who was the best. And so he came up to the plate. I'm like, baby can get him out. And so he hit the ball, he caught it, he played second base, he caught the ball, threw him out. And he was so excited about it. I'm like, that's what I'm talking about. Don't care. Nothing about that. Like, we don't care about him being that good. We, we wanna find the best and we want to, we wanna beat him. That's what we wanna do. Damn, dude. Yep. I love what you're saying already. We're only like, what, 10 minutes, 20 minutes into the interview? Yeah, I'm, I mean, so this is fantastic. I Appreciate it. I'm serious, man. But you know, something that you're describing, you're describing how I think all the, all the time. I think if I'm not working somebody else is they're gonna be better.


I mean, it ca I think it came from the SEAL teams. If you're not training the enemy's training and they're gonna kill you. Oh yeah, Absolutely. And, and I, and I've carried this mindset into business. That's true. I've carried it into my whole life and now I'm hesitant to, to, with that mindset comes a tremendous amount of pressure that you put on yourself. It can be debilitating. It's, it's very, it's a life of stress. Oh, yeah. And, And so I've been careful on, I don't know if I want my son or my daughter to, to carry the amount of stress and responsibility and, and, and that I feel that I have.


And so what I guess I Do you think about that at all? Yeah, I can push back at that a little bit. Actually, stress to me is, is good. And not necessarily saying like the, the stress you put on your body or something like that, stress, worry, doubt, et cetera. It causes you to to work a little bit more. When I'm worried about if I can't take care of the light bill this month, I may, I might go do a little extra work to make sure that I can take care of that. But why am I not thinking like that all the time? It's like, we'll get comfortable and then we'll stop doing what's needed or whatever. We'll, or we'll get comfortable and stop doing what we could be doing. So it's like, I don't ever want to get comfortable. I'm like, okay, if there's children, like for example, again, talking about my son, there's this kid that we've, we interact with on social media.


His inter his social media is called since diapers. His dad's been training him in baseball since he was literally a, almost a newborn. He's got the videos. This kid is five years old now. And I kid you not, this kid is sliding, doing all types of crazy catches. Like he's world world's better than my son. So when people see my son on the field and they're like, oh, he's fantastic. I'm in my mind thinking about Malik. I'm like, no, Malik is gonna destroy my son. Like he's great with it. So we plan to have them practice together and stuff like that to make each other better or whatever. But I'm always thinking like, just like you said, the enemy's always waiting to kill you. You know? And, and not just, you know, in regards to sports, just in life in general. There's somebody making the money that I wanna be making.


There's somebody successful, more successful than I am, you know? And You're fat and happy. Yeah. The next guy's training, yes, The next guy's training. And so the, He's, he's innovating, he's Developing. The stress is important. You, you need it. You need the the worry. You need it because it, it causes you to wanna work a little bit harder. And so even like working out in the morning times, I ain't gonna lie to you, I hate working out in the mornings. It gets on my nerves. But I do it anyway because I need to put myself through something to I can accomplish in the morning. It makes me feel, it makes me feel great. I did this thing I really didn't want to do. And I know my sons are watching me too. So even though I don't wanna do it, I do it anyway. 'cause I know they're gonna get up in the morning and look for me the morning that I don't get up. Like the, some mornings I may not do it or something like that.


Maybe every once in a while I get upset at myself because my sons come and ask me, Hey, why you didn't wake us up this morning to go work out to me? I just told them that it's okay to, to to, to not do something. I just told 'em it's okay to not do what you're supposed to do. You put pressure on yourself. Yeah, I do. Yeah, I do. I critique myself. It's, and it's important, but I don't mind it. 'cause I'm proud of the results in the end, the results is what make it all worth it. And it makes me, that's what makes me happy. After I see the results, after I see that I've gotten a little bigger or my, or my suits are getting a little tighter. I gotta buy new suits or whatever like that. I'm getting a training better. I'm doing better in boxing. Yeah, it's annoying at the time. But once I finally see those results, I'm like, man, like now I wanna do it some more. But all that success you're looking for is gonna come through the, the dangerous, the treacherous going through the, the, the minefield.


It's going to be the treacherous going through the crazy river just to get to the other side. So as a man, I like being Batman to my kids. I like being Batman to those around me. Like, man King's always doing all this great stuff. People think I do fantastic. I think I'd be doing more. I'm just like, I just left Nigeria back in August and those kids are outworking everybody I know, you know, their dreams are to come to America. But I'm just like, when I got there, it almost removed empathy for me. You know, for anything that, you know, people claim they're going through. I'm like, these kids don't even got sewage and, and running water barely eat every day. And they are working circles around us. So it made me wanna come home and do even more. So when people are impressed with me, I'm not impressed with me at all. Like, I'm like, this is nothing.


Yeah. You know, I'm like, I could be doing a whole lot more. I could still be getting up a little bit earlier. Like, I still critique myself about that. Like why am I getting up at six 30? I could easily, I wake up at five o'clock in the morning and I just sit there and scroll on my phone. Why? I get my butt up and go, go on the computer and do something, you know, do something else other than sitting here scrolling on my phone. Like, you know, I could be making other things happen. So Elon, et cetera, all these billionaires, et cetera, we got the same 24 hours in a day and it's all what we decide to do with it. And it's gonna come with, with the pressure. So if I'm comfortable in, in sitting around and nothing's happening, I feel like I feel like a failure. 'cause I'm just like, something needs to be happening. Something needs to be shaken right now. Something needs to be moving. I critique myself of not training my son as much.


Sometime like I feel like we could train more if we gonna train like an hour a day sometime, but a day we miss training. He ain't thinking about it but me, I'm like, dang. Like it's another kid somewhere training right now and we missing it. Like, you know, it's, it's interesting. So who picked baseball? Say it again. Who picked baseball in box? He did. He picked it. He picked baseball. He asked me. I had never played a, listen, I had never caught a baseball in my life. I had never played, I played football my whole life and I stopped football in high school 'cause one of my friends got paralyzed on the field. I was, I was, I was very good. But of course I was running back. I'm short. But anyway, man, he asked to play baseball, I remember he was four and he was like, dad, I wanna play baseball. 'cause he got his little t this little T for his birthday.


And I was like, sure, why not? So I signed up for baseball and me, when we do something, we're gonna be the best at it. So I had to learn how to coach him 'cause I didn't know what I was doing. Like I had to go watch videos. Like, 'cause at first when I was just rolling the balls, I'm thinking that, you know, he's catching the ball riding and stuff like that. We're doing everything wrong. So I'm watching all the videos, I'm doing it. So we've, you know, traveled to different places to get some coaching from other coaches. So they'll coach him and I'm coaching myself watching them. I'm watching them coach him. So that way, okay, that's what we can do when we get home. So I'll go, you know, train with these coaches, you know, in different cities or whatever like that. We'll train with them and I'm subconsciously watching what they're coaching so I can go back and coach at home or I'll watch what the boxing coach is doing and I can do it at home.


So now we don't necessarily need y'all all the time, but we can do this at home. So it's very important. The training is very important for me. But he picked baseball And so I told 'em, if we're gonna do something, we're gonna be the best at it. Or boxing. He's had times where he said he wanted to quit, no doubt. 'cause he asked me to play, but he didn't wanna do the work. At first he's just like, oh, we gotta go practice, you know, whatever like that. Now he wants to practice at six because he understands that he's good now. He, he likes being good. So now he likes to practice. But before when he was like four and five, he like, I don't, I don't wanna play baseball anymore. I wanna play something else. Because he thought it was easier. So, so I let him try another little sport out. But we went and practice a lot with that. And he like, dang, I thought this was gonna be easy.


Nah, ain't none of it easy. Even gymnastics, I got him doing pull-ups in the house, you know, like, 'cause he had to pull up on the bar and stuff. Like all of it is hard work. I don't care what sport you choose, whether it's school, whether it is reading a book, et cetera. You have to put the work in to be the best. 'cause if you want people out here beating you, 'cause he hates to lose. I'm like, well if you hate to lose, you gotta be the best. You gotta practice. And the only thing that's gonna keep you winning, it's practicing. And so now, you know, as he's coming of age, he's understanding the practice now. So he'll get in there like at six 30 in the morning we got a tee and a net in the gym. Made it for him. And while I'm in there lifting, he got the tee and he's hitting off with it before school every morning, you know, before he goes to school, he's in there hitting off the tee in the morning times. Yeah, yeah. So I, I love it.


But he picked baseball man. And so I never played at all. So I just take, I take him to the games, let him watch the other players. He loves show way. That's his favorite guy. He loves show way, but we go to the Braves games, et cetera. He loves it. So I just try to hone whatever he asked for. He asked to do that. So we're gonna hone it. Wow, That's that's fantastic. That's, well we're gonna get into your story too here. Sure. So, yep, we got a Patreon account. Patreon, it's a subscription account. They are top supporters and a lot of them have been with us since the beginning. Sure. And it's turned into quite the community over the years. One of the things I offer 'em is to ask each and every guest a question. So this is from Eric Alger.


How do you handle the unseen pressures that come with being a young leader in a world that often doubts people of your age and background For one through God And then for two through the work, it's you. At first, when I first began, it was a lot of, oh you're too young. How you gonna teach boys how to be men? Et cetera, et cetera. I was 19 so people had stuff to say. But once I started doing the work, it's like, there's nothing you can say because I'm doing everything that I said I was gonna do. I said I was gonna open the school, I said I was gonna start an afterschool program. I said it was gonna all be free. I said I was never gonna charge. I said it was gonna take care of kids. We were gonna make sure they got haircuts, we're gonna make sure they got uniforms, gonna make sure they got clothes, deodorant, toothpaste, toothbrush, underwear, et cetera.


I said I was gonna do it. And people didn't believe it at first. People were like, where you gonna get the funding? Where you gonna get the capital? Et cetera. I don't know where I'm gonna get it from, but we're gonna do it. And I said it over and over again and as I've done it, people started getting quiet and as I'm working, I've really asked people name somebody else, you know, that's doing the type of work that we're doing for free. You can name the Boys and girls clubs, et cetera, et cetera. They're not doing the type of work that we're doing. Not in mindset changing. Most other programs are aimed at giving children something to do. I'm not aiming for that. We're aiming at trying to change their minds. I could put 30,000 basketball courts in the city of Albany and they're gonna kill each other and fight each other on the basketball courts because there has been no mindset changing.


So our goal is to actually fix and train the minds of the child when we say let us make man making the man ain't about teaching them how to fix cars or, or painting the house or whatever like that. Sure. That's great stuff to know. But for us making that man, it is all entailed in their character. I always say we, we, we make habits with them. We make them do things over and over again. Just like when we're in Marine Corps bootcamp, I always say habits build character and character makes the man routines build habits. And so we make routines, which forms a habit, which forms their character. So that's how we, you know, make that man, you know, teaching them to hygiene, clipping their fingernails, making sure they smell decent. Asking them why they didn't, you know, have this today or why they didn't.


You know, so why you smell funny? I ain't got no deodorant at home. Okay cool. We seen you home with a whole package of soap, deodorant, underwear, et cetera. I had kids, you know, have holes in their underwear hole in their socks. What's going on? My mom ain't been able to buy me such and such. Okay, cool. We'll take care of that for you. People don't know, we take help moms take care of like light bills, et cetera. But it's incentives for that. If you make sure your son is coming after school on time, if you're making sure he's doing his work, if you're making sure he's studying, if we see you trying your best and doing good with your son and making sure you're raising him, we will incentivize, incentivize that. And I'll say, Hey mom, we're gonna take care of your rent for the month. Easy work. We do that through our donors that help us take care of that. But it's important to for morale too, because moms need to see that somebody believes in them.


Mom needs to see that somebody sees them trying and it helps them with raising their sons. Because today she may not be as angry when she gets off of work. You know, and, and actually wants to come watch a movie with you. You know, it's all these little tiny things matter. We don't post that. We don't say those things. We don't, you know, readily post whose funeral we helped take care of. Like one of my student's brother passed away in a cold murder. You know, we paid for his funeral or whatever. But we didn't share that. We took, we, we, we talked to the family about it. But it took her to share that online, you know, on her own because she was just like, this is what this program means to us. Like this program is is is it, is it is for families. Like yeah, we help boys but we've helped so many families.


It is, I mean I could go on and on, but that's how we combat that. And to a point now, I've had so much negativity said about me. I mean it's just rolls off my back. I'm, I'm used to people having something to say like, yeah, even like now, like we record everything we do with my sons. Like we record our whole lives. Me and my mom, we have it, we have it out sometime and she's upset with herself because she didn't take as many pictures growing up. So we have a few photos and things like that, but we don't have many pictures of anything. I don't have any photos from playing football. No videos or anything I play for my whole life. My mom's just like, I'm so mad because my grandmother used to force her to take pictures all the time. So she thought she was doing me a favor by not forcing me to take pictures all the time and things like that.


And she didn't realize what was happening. So we had footage of my sons from when they were like one, two years old. We record every single thing. So the guys posted online the other day when we were out at evaluations. You know, I got cameras taking pictures of my son or video and they like, imagine having some egotistical guy out here taking pictures, you know, and y'all out here trying to play baseball. I'm just like, so when you go to the MLB game and they got cameras out, you can't watch it then 'cause they're recording it. I'm just like, it's the same thing. I'm just like, but people just want something to say. But I'm just like, we posted stuff and for my son's brand, 'cause this is gonna help him as he gets older, you know, people are watching him already, you know, watching his content, et cetera. So we are building on that early and plus we just record their content anyway so when they get older, we just got all this stuff we could watch.


We could sit down and watch old family movies, whatever. Just from conversations in the car. I mean we have everything. Sometimes my videographer send me stuff I don't even remember. He recorded like, he'll send me like old videos of me holding them when they were babies. He's like, Hey man, I was just going through the vault looking at some old stuff or old videos of us in the afterschool program back when I was like 20, you know, reading the Bible to the kids or something. He'll send me that. I'm just like, man, this is crazy. I don't even remember this day. You know, but he's sending me, you know, this content and it's important. But yeah, that's, that's how we combat it. We just keep doing more work and we let God do the rest. Eventually. People just have to be quiet. 'cause I mean what more can you say and that, so yeah, I guess you know, they say if you don't have any critics, you're not doing it right. Correct.


You know, Well got your little gift. We'll get you some more for your kids. Sure, sure. Get you on sle gummy bears. Love it. I swear some people just come on the show just to get those. Really? Yeah, I'm done. So like, are they like special gummy bears or? No, there's nothing weird going on. There's no cannabis, there's no CBD. It's just candy, You know. You know, it's funny. I love, I love gummy bears. Yeah, yeah. I got some in my bag right now. I love gummy bears. Nice. Yeah, so this is gonna be a hit for me. So if they good, I'm definitely just gonna order some. Yeah. Yeah. I am a gummy bear fan man. Cool, cool. Well let's get into your story. Sure. Where did you grow up? I grew up in Albany, Georgia.


Born and raised. Born July, 1999. So technically a nineties baby. Almost made it to 2000. But July of 99. Born in Albany, Georgia. My mom had me when she was I think like 18 and a half. And my, let's Real quick, Albany, Georgia. Sure. High crime rate, chance of being a victim in, of crime is one in 43. The neighborhood scouts. The neighborhood scout ranks in the top 100 most dangerous cities in the us. Yeah, that's Albany. So, yeah. Can you, can you tell us a little bit more about other than just statistics, you know what sure. What Albany is like.


I love, I love the city of Albany. I think the city of Albany is what you make it. It is, it is. It is important to mention also that population, it's only, well now it's only about 66,000 people that live in Albany. So when you hear about the high crime rate, it's, it is, it's off of the, the ratio of people there. So it's not like somebody's dying every single day or anything like that. Yeah. But there is murder pretty often. I would say. We do have a lot of murder. Happenings, stabbings, a lot of domestic issues. And I tell people I attribute that to, you know, it being impoverished because you gotta think, you know, 'cause people always talk about, you know, all the kids that are in Albany and people just constantly having children. But also the domestic issues, I'm like, guys, let's, let's, let's be honest here with ourselves, if people are broke and don't have any money and there are no jobs, there aren't any many jobs in Albany, there people are broke and don't have any jobs.


What all they have to do all day argue and have sex. That's it. So that's what's happening in Albany. You constantly got a lot of children, you know, being had in Albany, but also a lot of domestic, you know, issues because it is woman most of the time. It's always some woman stabbed a guy or the the guy shot the woman or it's just some domestic stuff. It's always domestic disputes. It's never like a, a stray bullet or no, it is always domestic stuff. Never. We get some gang related stuff here and there. But it's mostly girlfriend, boyfriend, boyfriend, girlfriend. These guys arguing about something like, it is always domestic stuff. And I attribute that to, again, being impoverished. Even like mentioning how people raise their children in the city of Albany.


If somebody like, let's for example me, I look at some of the things that I get mad at and I don't get mad at based off of what I'm able to afford. For example, like my sons sometimes wanna draw on their shoes. I don't have a problem with that. Have fun. I don't care. Draw on your shoes. Whatever they wanna make. Little it's, I, I see it as them being creative. Now, specific shoes I don't let 'em draw on, but other shoes, I'm like, have fun at it. But then I can also understand why one mom would wanna spank her child for riding on this shoe. Because for one, she's, maybe, to be frank, she's taking out a little of her frustration on them being for real. She's taking a little frustration on 'em. But also, dude, I paid 40 bucks for those shoes. I barely had that $40 and you drawing on your shoes like, oh my god.


And she's ready to kill 'em. You know, like about that. And it's just so much happening around her, you know, she's doing it by herself. Dad's nowhere around vice versa with, you know, maybe a couple of guys that's raising their sons by theyself or raising their kids by theyself. I know there's one guy, he got like nine kids, bro. Just got too many kids. But he raising them all moms are nowhere to be found. He's frustrated all the time. The moms make him upset. He goes to jail, he calls me Mr. King, you know, is one of my students'. Dad, his mom, he, he calls me, Mr. King, can you help me? You know, I went to jail. One of the kids' mom, you know, made me upset and I did such and such or whatever like that, you know, he's barely making it. And I'm just like, guys, like this is why this is happening. People need jobs here.


And so this is why I started getting into the politics of the city of Albany. 'cause I, at first, people know me, people, you know, hear me saying this now, but back when I was younger I, I would say man bump politics. I don't care about politics. We just need to do for ourselves, do stuff for our community and everything will be fine. We bump the politicians or whatever like that. But as I got older, I started realizing, notice some of the stuff that they're passing and, and at the mayor and the city councilmen and the commissioners, they're passing stuff that's directly affecting these kids. And not only passing stuff but not doing stuff to actually affect people having money here. People need money. I'm like, how Did you get involved in politics? I started in Albany maybe in this last year, trying to figure out politics in my hometown because I'm seeing stuff not happening in my hometown that should be happening.


Stuff that seems common sense. And so I'm just like, okay, lemme just start going to these meetings. You know, all the meetings are open for the public to come to. Nobody's there. The me the mayor is in there meeting they're having meetings about all this different stuff that's happening in the city. 67,000 people that live there and nobody's there. The last mayoral election, only 7,000 people voted, you know, for the mayor, and we have 67,000 people there. And I'm just like, how exactly, you know, are we expecting the city of Alban to change and we don't know what's going on? What Are some of the things you see that's affecting the, it's affecting the community? Well, for starters, you know, mentioning the lack of jobs, there are no jobs there. And on top of that, they're not attracting people to want to come to the city of Albany.


And I will mention that our city sucks at marketing and, and just in general from, and, and I, I'm a big fan of the school system, but the school system does not do a good job at marketing. The police department does not do a good job in marketing. Fire department, the city of Albany, et cetera. They do not do a good job at marketing. The reason I say that's important is because everything you hear and see about Albany is always negative. If you go type Albany, Georgia Inn on Google, it's always negative. It is important that people in the city know that these people are actually doing their jobs. I told 'em this before, our police department is doing a fantastic job, but all you ever see online about people talking about them is just negative stuff. But these people actually aren't solving murders. They're actually taking care of things. They're making things happen for the citizens.


They have these new equipment, et cetera. They're really doing good. But I had to go take a private class to learn about our police department. I'm like, why aren't you guys posting this stuff? Like, people should know that you guys are doing your job, that you are trying to make things happen. Or our school system, our school system is doing a phenomenal job. And I, I have to almost apologize for the things that I was saying about them previously because I didn't know what was happening. Not because I wouldn't go on to look, but also because they wouldn't say anything about it. Mm. Our school system has health clinics, dental and vision clinics, et cetera, for the students to go to for free because the parents had all been, cannot afford the insurance for those kids. They've gotten the grants to make sure they, the clinic are at school.


You never hear anybody today. No props to the public school system. No, and I'm gonna do that because I, they are doing, they are trying, I've had them tell us stories about kids who didn't even know This kid didn't even know what a toothbrush was going to the dentist. Like these are real stories. And so I'm listening to them tell us, I'm like, why aren't y'all talking about this? So I offered with my team to do a, a small documentary on the school system and the, the things that they've changed in the city, especially since Covid, they also have this program called Level Up. The Level Up program is where they have parents sign up for the program, they'll go pay for these parents to go to school to get their forklift license, nursing license, bulldozer, whatever.


They'll pay for them to go to school to, to get these licenses. And they'll say, oh, well I don't have any care for my child. They'll go get your kid from school and pay for the daycare and everything for your child while you're in school, getting your license to go get whatever degree you're trying to get or go get whatever certification to get a job. So this in turn turns into these parents now being able to parent their children because they don't have to work three and four jobs anymore. And they don't have to keep sending the kid to the auntie's house and, and sending it to whoever's house to, to be raised by God knows what, when they can raise their own children now because now they have a livable wage job. This is impactful. Like, I'm just like, why aren't you guys saying anything about this?


Like, where's the marketing team? It's important that people know because all people here is the negativity surrounding the city of Albany. And it's important that people know that. Like the commission I'm on now, I just joined the Historic Preservation Commission. It's important that people know about the history of Albany and why these buildings are important and what happened here and things like that. And they're just like, we wish people would, you know, we get involved with the Historic Preservation Commission, et cetera. I'm like, okay, well you guys should probably make like a Facebook page and explain what's going on, make some tiktoks, make videos, et cetera. So me being the youngest person on the five different boards I just joined is gonna help the city y'all a whole lot because they've been looking, they're like, Hey, how can we market like your marketing? Listen, let me help take care of those things for you.


So we're gonna show these different stories that the Doherty County school system has helped with these parents and their kids and, and the free dental and vision. I also didn't know that our school system has a hydroponics garden where they are growing all of the green vegetables for the entire school system. They are feeding these children, no kidding fresh vegetables from a garden that the students manage. Wow. And I'm just like, why aren't you guys showing this stuff online? Because all people do is talk trash about our school system in Albany, Georgia. And including myself at one point. And I didn't know all these things were happening. I didn't know that they were answering the questions that people ask at the school board meetings.


I went to the school, they're in there answering the questions. They're in there saying, Hey, no. They're like, oh, the kids can't read here. But what they're saying is, look, COVID stopped us. These kids couldn't come to school. But as Covid has, you know, left or whatever like that, they're showing the trajectory going up from the statistics. I'm like, these people are trying, these people are trying to do their jobs. Granted, everything ain't perfect, but this is something that needs to be shown. Why aren't you guys showing it? I've even spoken to the city about it. They're paying this company in our hometown. I won't call 'em out, but it sucks. I was at the city commission meeting. They're paying this one video company six figures over six months to, for marketing for the city of Albany.


I go on their City of Albany Web's pages, the couple videos that they've done maybe got one, like if any, or some got no likes, no views, et cetera. I'm like, so they're older so they don't understand how social media and marketing works. So I'm like, have y'all asked them for any deliverables? Asked them, how many people have seen this stuff? Y'all paying them six figures and this is maybe y'all third time doing it. And they've only done like maybe two or three commercials for like the hospital or something like that. Who, who? Why are y'all paying them all this? My team don't even make that much money. And we are pushing out more content than y'all ever have. Y'all are releasing one or two videos every couple months and y'all paying them six figures. So why haven't y'all asked them for any metrics? How many people in the city of Albany have seen these things? You, you know, the regular people, person in Albana doesn't even know who the mayor is.


They don't know what ward they live in. They don't know their commissioner. Not saying it's completely the citizen's fault, but I think it's, it's the mayor's fault. I think it's the city commissioner's fault. Why aren't you in people's faces? 'cause people still thought that Our mayor from two mayors ago was still the mayor the other day. They done had no clue that we had a new mayor. And I'm just like, why aren't you guys trying to show people who you are the, I talked to our city commission about this because I think that you guys maybe are just doing stuff that y'all don't care for the public to know about. That's what I think. I think you don't want people involved so you can just keep passing little stupid stuff up here that's not causing the city to advance you. Just giving contracts to your little contracting companies that you know and passing little stuff for people that you know, and your homeboys and your family and your affiliates and people don't know what's going on.


So I've been at every meeting so I can just keep jotting down notes. Is that happening? Yeah, it's happening. So I've been at every meeting and I've joined five different boards. I'm on the Historic Preservation Commission now. I'm on a planning commission now. I'm on the Southwest Georgia Housing Task Force. I'm on the Al Albany Police Department civilian review board. So I know all things happening with the police department, every, And that, mind you, every board I'm on, I'm the youngest person there. Everybody else there is extremely older, but mainly because they don't even get applicants for these boards. And people don't know these boards exist. So I'm telling people these boards are actually making decisions too. The Historic Preservation Commission is so important. They make decisions that the mayor can't make. We make decisions to say, Hey, you cannot do this certain thing in this historic district.


You cannot do anything over there because you're gonna mess with the historic preservation of this building. Or you can't do this thing to your house 'cause you're gonna mess up the historic district. Like it's important. The planning commission is important because everything that comes through us is what people wanna rezone something for. Do I wanna open a liquor store over on this side of town? Or if I wanna open up a new bar over here or whatever, we have to approve of those things. But that's important because we can think about then what's the demographic of that side of town that you're trying to open that liquor store on? I don't think that side of town needs a liquor store. We don't need another liquor store on that side of town. It's already high crime over there. We're gonna give them more liquor over there. They don't even make any sense. You know, whatever. So they're trying to monetize, you know, people that's coming into town, they trying to open business, they're monetizing the debauchery in our hometown.


They're monetizing that people are drunks and all being, they're monetizing that People are obese and overweight in Albany. So they're opening tons of restaurants on the worst sides of town because they know people can't afford to go buy healthy food. So they've got Popeyes and all these, this stuff that's causing people to die. I went and talk to the coroner not too long ago. I asked, I said, Mr. Coroner, why people dying? He said, heart disease, high blood pressure, strokes. He said, I'm picking people up every day for it. I, he said, because people, he said because of the food, people don't wanna get up at exercise because they scared to walk in the neighborhoods, et cetera. He said, this is why people are dying every day. Nobody knows that. Wow. And I'm just like, this is stuff that needs to be talked about. And so this is why I'm even having your platform.


When we share these videos and stuff, I'm gonna share it to our city. 'cause people need to know that our school system is trying their hardest. They are doing their job there. And granted some things could be better with maybe disciplining the kids in certain ways, et cetera. But that's free. Hint, free health, dental, vision, y'all giving kids glasses, et cetera. Y'all trying to make a way for these kids to just even live, you know, for free giving, making sure their parents got forklift licenses, et cetera. They graduating kids with truck drivers, assimilating all this. I mean, it's crazy what they're doing and nobody knows about it.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand. And Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile helps support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100% US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash SRS or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT and get a free month of service with promo code SRS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash SRS or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT.


This episode is sponsored by Rocha. Rocha is a performance eyewear brand for people who want to invest in themselves. Rocha manufactures premium sunglasses, prescription eyeglasses and readers and cuts all of their lenses here in the US at their headquarters in Austin, Texas. Roka recently partnered with one of my favorite guests, Dr. Andrew Huberman, to launch a new line of glasses called the Wind Down Collection. Guys, I've tried these. You know, I have problems sleeping. I absolutely love, love, love these frames and lenses. They're available with and without prescription. And have a proprietary red lens that helps filter out short wavelength, light, short wavelength. Light is in pretty much all artificial light and it's terrible for your sleep. Roka, let me try a pair of these things and I could feel the difference whenever I wear them. I wear 'em in the evening after the sun goes down. I pretty much started at dinner and I wear it until bed. And lemme tell you these things work with so many options and I wear 'em wellness products out there. It's a relief to know the glasses I'm wearing help. Two things. I really care about my vision and my sleep. And as a business owner with all the decisions I already need to make every day wearing a pair of Roca's glasses is one of the best ones I've made. Check them out for yourself@roca.com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's roca.com with code SRS.


What kind of jobs are there right now In Albany? You mentioned there's not a big job market. I wish I had my phone with me, but I mean it's, it is gas station jobs, McDonald's, these 10, $12 hour jobs for the most part. And if you are like me and or maybe just a, a regular person who probably needs a lot more money than that, you either have to drive an hour away to go to another city that, you know, does pay a livable wage job and then come back home or whatever like that. Or eventually just have to move to there. Which is why our population's declining. Over the past 10 years. Our population dropped 10,000 people because people are leaving because there's no growth happening in the city. But there's no like, no factory jobs, no.


Like we got factories. Have you ever tried the combos? Little crackers, little combos food. Those are exclusively made in Albany, Georgia. They are made nowhere else. Eminem, Mars makes combos in Albany, Georgia. They have a secret little recipe thing in everything. I love combos, but they're, they're all over the country, but they're exclusively made in Albany, Georgia. Why isn't that a thing? Like, that's a, people eat combos all the time. Yeah, I go and they're sold out. Why aren't y'all talking about that? But, but these are like the little small jobs we have. Factories have left. We used to have Bob's candy, they left. We do have a marine base in Albany. The logistics base is probably one of the most important bases for the Marine Corps. But if lo and behold they ever decide to move the command somewhere else, we'd be effed.


To be frank, we are one factory away from Albany, becoming like some real bad town. We do have Proctor and Gamble like to make tissue and things like that and you know, laundry detergent and stuff like, so we do have a couple factory jobs, but most of those factories have people that work there, that come from other cities to come work because they won't live in Albany. So, I mean, you don't, what would You bring then? I would think about, so this is, this is long term what I think I would think about trying to bring car manufacturing or something like that to Albany. The reason I would do that is because we have so much open land in Albany. So much space for factories, warehouses, whatever, even closed, you know, factories. We got just some just abandoned just sitting there or whatever like that.


But I would do that because for one, we could bring a livable wage job to some of these people that are in Albany. But also these jobs require you to work alone time. They require you to work at least nine to to 12 hours. These kids out here on the street that ain't got no job and y'all could do the training on site. You give they butt a job. They working nine, 12 hours making livable wage. But also they ain't got time to go do nothing stupid outside. You working 'em to the bone and now they sleepy and ready to go home and, and maybe eat some food and that's it. They not getting into any trouble 'cause they sleepy, they tired. So how Have you thought about how you would incentivize an auto manufacturer to move there? Only way I could do that is selling the city of Albany. And at this point, if a, a manufacturer were to look at the city of Albany online, they like absolutely not.


And this is where relationships come in. This is why I'm grateful for my traveling through the country, talking about the extra boys and building relationships. Before I started working in the city of Albany like I am now. I have so many different relationships now. I'm, right now I'm in contact with the professor from Yale and we were working on this private project that he and I are working on to bring to the city of Albany because they're like, Albany is the perfect pilot project, but they would've never known that Albany was a great place for this project. I can't talk about it, but for this project, unless it, if it weren't for me going to talk to them about it. And I'm like, dude, Albany has so much potential. I have, I call Albany Potential Incorporated.


We have so many empty spaces, so many downtown's, beautiful, no businesses at all. It's like all these empty buildings down there. So much history, so much rich history in Albany from Dr. King coming to Albany during the Civil rights movement to all these other different things that happened in Albany. Like they don't preserve a lot of things. The, the house that Dr. King used to stay at in Albany, it's currently boarded up. I'm like, why isn't that like some landmark or something that y'all add to like some tour people do? We have Radium Springs in Albany. It's a natural spring in Albany that has like this fresh water that comes out of it or whatever like that. It's just, it's really cool. But I'm like, why aren't you guys doing like boat tours or something down here? Like, it's just my brain's turning, but I'm just like, why aren't y'all monetizing the true good history in the good light city?


Ray Charles is from there. We got a Ray Charles Plaza, but that's it. Like, we don't really do anything for Ray Charles. You got a couple NFL players from Albany or whatever, grant, they won't come back or do anything or whatever like that. But we got a lot of things that have happened good from the city of Albany. But why aren't we like pushing those things? Why aren't we showing people how great the city of Albany can be? We have a lot of great mom and pop restaurants who make great food, but why aren't we showcasing them on TikTok and through the city of Albany website or through the City of Albany social media pages or whatever. I've made this stuff mentioned. But again, you know, these people are older and they don't understand. We don't even have an app. You know, like most cities got a app you could download, you know, to, to, you know, talk to your commissioners or, you know, report stuff or whatever like that. We still gotta dial three one one to call by the pothole.


What was it about your childhood that, that just got you into this? I mean you started, was it 17? Yeah. Professional chef. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, so You're only 25 years old. I mean, what, what was it about your childhood that motivated you to kind of start turning the city around, becoming a basically a father figure to all these people, young men? This Is gonna be a, a, a long-winded little part. When I was younger, when I was a kid, my grand told you, my grandmother's been very spiritual. My whole, my whole life she's been preaching, having bible studies, prayer lines, et cetera. She's, she's big, she's huge into God. She's, I mean, she doesn't, when I was about three years old, I'll never forget we were riding in her car.


She had this old green Lexus she had when I was like three. And I remember the car seats at the time where these little things you had to pull over your head. And I, she, I had learned how to strap myself in. There's this little circle inside my car seat I used to play with all the time. I remember just, I remember little things. I remember we were riding on the street called, I think it was Johnny W. Williams Road. And we turned to South Madison. She stood on South Madison Street and we got to the stop sign. I told my grandma, I said, grandma, I said, you know how it is, like when something's about to happen, like you feel like something in your stomach like that. And she was like, yeah, I know. You know, like, what, what you mean? She, I told her that I was here to finish what Dr. Martin Luther King started. And I told her at like as I got older that I don't know if we like maybe watched a Dr. King video at preschool that day or something like that.


I don't remember anything from that day. But that conversation, I, I remember it vividly. I'll never forget it, but as I got older, I, my grandmama would always tell me that often. But I'm like, grandma, like, can you stop saying that? Like, 'cause she would like tell like people at the church what I said and stuff like that. 'cause like, as a testimony, I'm like, grandma, can you stop saying that? Like, I'm like, I was a kid. I don't like, whatever. Like I I, I was maybe watch the Dr. King video or something. I'm like, I'm not trying to do that. I wanna cook. Like, 'cause my, my, my biological father was a great cook. He would cook at like different restaurants. He, you know, didn't, it wasn't like a professional chef or anything, but he would like cook. So I wanted to cook because that's what my real dad did. I just wanted to be like my real dad. I, I didn't spend a whole lot of time with him. My stepdad raised me. But anytime I interacted with my father, I just wanted to do things with him and my mom, thank God for her, she purposely fostered our relationship to the point where I never hated him, even if he wasn't around.


And so my mom would literally go buy me Christmas gifts, go bring it to my dad, pick me up, and then bring me to my father to as if he gave me the gift. Like my mom is. That's, that's something special. So I loved my dad. I still loved my dad. You know, my biological, even if he ain't like just there all the time. My biological father, I love him. I'll call him. We'll talk maybe every couple months. He's been sick lately. I just visited the hospital. He had, he had an enlarged heart or something. But I, I love my real dad. So I started wanting to cook because of that. And so I, I joined a culinary team at school. We had a culinary team in high school in his culinary class with Chef sla. He's gonna watch this. He's, he's a big fan of yours too.


But Chef sla, he taught me everything I know about cooking. And I started with him and I started cooking things at home. I started baking different things. I would sell like different things to bake at home. I would sell to the community. I made like cupcakes and everything. I was really good at it. And then I also did this program called Move Home already, where you could take college classes in high school. So I took the college classes at the culinary school that we had in Albany at Albany Technical College. So I was there every day. I was cramming classes. I went to high school in the morning times and then I would leave there at about 12 o'clock out. My grandma had bought me a car when I was younger, but she, I eventually started driving it and I would drive to the college and go take those classes.


They would allow me to, to leave school to go take the college classes. And I took those classes and people don't realize culinary classes are long. These are six to eight hour long classes because you gotta think things have to bake, things have to cook. It's not a quick class. Then we also did catering events. So I would sometimes go home at like one, two o'clock in the morning at like 15, 16 'cause I'm out. Wow. Cooking. And my grandmother would just make sure I was okay. Make sure I had everything I needed, make sure I ate food. And I'll tell a little story about her later. But, but yeah, she would make sure I had everything I needed. You know, send it to my grandmother. If I open my phone up, I got prayers every single day. She's sending me these long scriptures I read every morning. I don't text back all the time. She knows I read 'em. She'll send me these videos, motivational videos.


But that's what she used to do when I was in high school. Same thing. Would send me prayers, make sure I'm okay, call, make sure I'm good. And I graduated college before I graduated high school. I walked across the college stage first because he had spring graduation. And then what? Yeah. And then I graduated from high school right after that. Yep. Wow. Yep. Were, I mean, were you always a straight and narrow motivated kid? For the most part. Until I got to eighth and ninth grade, I tell everybody you have to go through your first heartbreak. When I was in eighth grade of this girl I was dating in eighth grade. I had planned my whole life out with her after I like started dating her. And when we were about to get to high school, she broke up with me the summer when we were about to go to high school.


And I was confused. I didn't know what she broke up with me for. She was just like, well, I just want to go explore. At that time, I didn't know what that really meant. I'm like, what you mean you wanna go explore? She was just like, I just, you know, I don't want us to just, you know, worry about each other. I mind you, I had to, we named our kids and everything. I'm like, want to go live my whole life with you type deal. She was all, I thought about, you know, like, that was my first, like, girlfriend. Girlfriend. So I was, my whole ninth grade year, she would like go and talk to these other guys. And I'm like seeing this stuff. I'm just like, what? So my whole ninth grade year, I, I, I chased her. Like I just chased her. I would just try to figure out what I could do to get her back. And I would, you know, get mad at the guy she was talking to and things like that. I try to meet her at a locker and like leave her letters and stuff like that.


And, you know, I'm just a this lover boy kid. Like, I'm just trying to get my girlfriend back. I, I spent my whole ninth grade year doing that. I lost all my grades. I was so upset. I just, I lost all confidence in myself on top of that. You know, I was, I was just trying to find myself in the ninth grade. Like I was trying to dress like everybody else. 'cause when I was in middle school, I'll tell this story too. I was in middle school, and I'll get back into the first question in, in a bit. But I was in middle school and my, my sixth grade year, I wore a suit to picture day. I, I love suits. I wore a suit to picture day. I always did in elementary school too. I wore a suit to every picture day. I wore a suit to picture day in el middle school. And sixth grade I got to school and everybody picked up me the entire day from front, like top to bottom.


'cause I had on a suit. And all they picked on me the whole day. Like, I mean, just picked on me. I, I took my jacket off, like to just try to alleviate some of it. Like they picked on me from like my shoes, everything. I had a cool, I had a decent suit on. It was a pretty nice suit. And all they picked on me the whole day. I never wanna wear a suit again, ever. Like, I just never doing it again. So every, every picture day after that, I just wore regular clothes, you know, like everybody else did. And people would pick up me still because I didn't wear like, the different name brands that they were wearing. Like, I would wear Beverly Hills Polo Club. That's what I wanted to wear. My mom wasn't like poor or anything so she could afford to do things. She drove trucks sometime. My stepdad worked at a marine base, so, you know, ain't like I needed for anything. So, but I wanted to wear Beverly Hills Polo Club.


So everybody picked on me for that for a long time. So then I started buy my, I had my mom buy me some of the merchandise that they, they were wearing. I get to school, everybody's like, well about time you finally buy some, you know, this stuff. They still talking about me. So I get to ninth grade. I'll never forget, there's one of the cheerleaders, I still remember her. I'll never forget, I always thought I was maybe ugly or something like that. 'cause nobody ever wanted to talk to me. She was a senior cheerleader. And she told me, I, I looked at sexy one day and I was like, you talking to me? And she was like, and she was like, yeah, you, you look good. I was just like, thanks. From that day forward, I got all my confidence back. Never forget it. She probably doesn't even remember that right now or whatever. But I'll never forget. They say many remember all their compliments 'cause we don't get many.


But I, I, I got all my confidence back. I started back wearing suits. I wore a suit to school every single day from 11th to 11th and 12th grade year. Every single day, every single day, every single day wore suit a suit. And if I didn't have, if I didn't have a suit on, I had on like, some type of nice sweater with a tie on. Like if it was too cold or something. And I had a briefcase. I never had a binder. I had a briefcase. All my schoolwork was in my briefcase every single day. I cut my hair off. I had like a box, but I cut my hair. So I had a low haircut. And at that time, like, I was like the school mascot at the time. Like my, my principal would allow me to go speak at different schools. Like, they were so impressed. Like just how I carried myself, like my principal. Like, Hey, can you go speak at, you know, this elementary school on behalf of Westover and things like that.


So he'd always announce me over there in come like, Hey, we're gonna have king round to go speak at, you know, the elementary school. You know, let's congratulate him for a job well done. So I would do that, be going to do my college classes. It was great. So I, I found myself. So I left high school. I graduated high school and I got married to my son's mom. And we got married immediately outta high school. I went to the Marine Corps right after that. I originally wasn't gonna do that, but I found myself like not having anything to do. I just, I just didn't feel accomplished in life. And my best friends at the time. You didn't feel accomplished graduating college before you graduated high school? I didn't feel accomplished. I was working at Chick-fil-A, I was working on trying to find a good cooking job, but I just didn't, it nothing was hitting for me.


It just, it just wasn't what I wanted. So my best friends, all my best friends had went to the Marines. Every last one of 'em, all 'em went at the same time. And so I'm just, they writing me letters and writing 'em letters, but I'm just like, lemme go see what they doing. So I'm on YouTube looking at bootcamp, you know, I'm just like, I could do that. Like I'm, why not? You know, like I ain't doing nothing else. So I went to the recruiting office, talked to the recruiter, and off I went to the Marines. I got married off, I went to the Marines. I met so many brothers there that we are still, you know, super close to this day. I was a reserve. So I was able to be stationed back, back home, a 30 51 supply. But anyway, I got back home after combat training and things like that.


I get back home and my grandmother, while I was in bootcamp, was sending me those letters reminding me of what I told you previously about me finishing what Dr. King started. So I took a second to sit down. I said, okay, let me just figure out what exactly that's supposed to mean. So I did research on Dr. King for like a month straight. Every single day I had deleted all social media off my phone. I had no social media at the time, anything like, I was just studying, studying, studying. I'm like, what exactly did Dr. King? Like what I'm, I'm not understanding what's happening. So I'm studying, I'm listening to speeches, I'm reading books. I'm going through stuff. I'm, I'm trying to figure out what exactly did Dr. King not finish?


I don't get it. Like I'm not understanding this and I don't tell this story often 'cause people think it's weird. But I always tell the story to privately, but I wanna share this with you. So I'll never forget I was studying him. I'm listening to speeches. I start listening to Malcolm X and I'm listening to Malcolm. I'm just like, he sounds, this sounds like 2020, like, well 2019, 2020. Like this is crazy. It sounds like now he's basically advocating for us, doing for ourselves and opening up our opening up schools and opening up banks and opening up stores. And I'm like, why aren't we doing that? You know? So anyway, I went to Dr. King Memorial in Atlanta because I'm like, well maybe I'll find something here. I went there, I'm looking at all his old cuff links and they got old shirts and stuff and old letters he wrote.


And I'm just, and they're looking around just nothing's, it's not nothing. It's hidden. I'm just like, I don't understand. Like, I really didn't understand, like, why would I say that? 'cause I remember saying it. I can't lie and say I did not remember saying it. And I'm like, I don't understand. Like, I don't get it. I'm going through the, the museum still. And I get to this room in there and my, my, my ex-wife at the time, she was with me. And I'll never forget, we, I get to this room where the carriage carried the casket that brought him through Atlanta. You know, when he was in the casket and in this room, just like this one, it has on all over the walls, newspaper articles from when he was killed.


All the headlines from Dr. King. I was walking through there and I was looking at the headlines and I'll never forget, there was this newspaper article from the Pittsburgh courier, April 20th, 1968. It said a will, a new king emerge. And at that moment I realized that Dr. King didn't train any replacements. And that's where I had the idea that we need to work with young people. And before I ever decide to figure out what it is that Dr. King was trying to finish, as I'm still figuring it out now I'm in the city that Dr. King failed in for one. And my name is King. If you look at all of my social media handles, they all say new emerging king. And I reached out to the Pittsburgh Courier because they're actually currently trying to find that original newspaper for me.


'cause I don't put it up on my wall. But that meant something to me. And so that's when I started working with kids. I originally started taking 'em on field trips. Now Hold on. How old were you? I was like 19. 19. Yeah, I was 19. So basically the motivation came from your grandmother Yeah. Telling You you need to finish what Dr. King had started. Yep. I told her that and she never let me forget it. I told her that I think I was about three years old. Yep. So I've known for a while what I was here to do. And living in Albany, Dr. King mentioned Albany and, and the failures that he made in the city of Albany. And to this day, he mentioned the mindset of the people of Albany.


And still the same to this day. And I mentioned on the video yesterday, I hadn't released yet, but as I've been maneuvering through the city as of late, I've been going to different volunteer workshops. I've been, you know, going to different, you know, smaller things in the city to show my face. The reason I've been doing that is because ever since I've been maneuver, I used to not like go out to the grocery stores unless it was early in the morning or like never go out to eat. 'cause people would see me because I've watched people in Albany almost look at me like they don't believe in anything else, but they believe in me. And it's been so special to see like, just going to the grocery store and people just like king.


Like, it's so good to see you. Like I love everything that's happening. You inspiring me to be a better father, you know, to my kids or you know, moms just like, I really want my son to join your program. Or kids who are even recognizing me. Like, that's Mr. King Randall. Like, he'd be on Instagram, like helping the kids. Like it is, it's, I try my hardest, like I've been all over the world. I've spoken to the biggest celebrities, whatever. And I never want people to feel like that. I've gotten too big for our small hometown ever. I still go volunteer at the smallest places. I still go to all the mom and pop restaurants that I've always frequented since I was younger. I all, I still give a hundred dollars to every waiter that I run into in Albany.


Every last one. Even if they did good or bad service, because I don't know why they gave me bad services. They maybe having a bad day. Their mom could have died anything. You know? And I, I do that. And so people, you know, remember me for small stuff like that. I never, and speaking of the waiter thing, I was going to get my, I got a pet snake. My kids wanted a pet snake. I was gonna get him a, a dribble to eat or whatever. And the lady that was working in there, she said, you look familiar. I'm just like, you know, I'm, of course I I mean most people you know re me as king round. She was like, you are that guy that gave me a hundred dollars two years ago when I was waiting at the fire grill, which is one of our mom and pop restaurants. She was like, I, she was like, that like meant so much to me. She didn't even know my name, but she remembered my face. I have no clue.


I did not remember who she was. I don't remember giving her the a hundred dollars. But I know I did it because I do that for every waiter. And even if I don't got it, I won't go out to eat unless I got a hundred dollars to get a waiter. Because I remember when I used to be with my ex-wife, we trying to get pennies up in the car to go just have us a little ice cream date. Like just, we don't even have money. Like just go get some ice cream. We getting $50, you know, trying to figure some stuff out. You know. So I remember all that stuff. Or like now I give to local businesses now I do a scholarship now for, for kids in Albany because they can't afford, you know, like to go to school and stuff. So I do my own scholarship just for kids in the city of Albany. The only condition is they have to remain in the city of Albany. You have to put back into our city because that's what I believe in.


But I give to local businesses, I've given to some of those mom and pop shops or whatever that have fed me, you know, for so many times. So most times people will try to, you know, around al being, they wanna gimme discounts on things. Like my tailor before I got here, the guy who tailored these pants before he did, he used he and tape. And so when I was about to put 'em on the hem and tape came off and it, I didn't have a hem on my pants anymore. And this was like one of the only suits that I could fit until my new suits come in. 'cause I've been working out. And so, and I had this new shirt that came in. I was like, I need it tailored. Like I gotta go tomorrow. Like I need to tailor a couple. She's like, I got you. But he tried to gimme a discount. I'm like, no. I texted him, I said, listen to me. I like don't give ever gimme a discount ever.


Because I'm just like, I I want you to have all your coins. If you gonna charge somebody else, you know, that's not me. Charge me the same thing. And I still tipped them and I'm like, and I'm, I said, I told him to make sure you add where they could tip you on your little square account. And I tipped him too. The guy who watches my, my cars or whatever, he's a great guy or whatever like that. I tip him every single time he washes my vehicles and I tip him, you know, nicely. And he's, you know, just always grateful for it. And just, I do small things for so many people. I never just share. But I really love my city and people believe in me. Like no end people believe in me more than I've seen them believe in themselves. And that's a charge I got.


So it's like now I'm like, okay, let me do what I can to help fix my own city. Even this older lady we're about to help her fix her house in the historic district. She called me when I got on historic preservation commission and she was like, I've been trying to get somebody to come help fix my house for the longest. She's like 80 something. I go to this lady's house. It's the worst house I ever seen in my life. And she doesn't even have pipes under the ground. The water she runs goes straight to the ground outside the house is so unlevel like you're, it's walking like that. She's cooking and her food's like this. Wow. It's insane. So, and then she can't even get in her tub because she's had a hip replacement so she can't get, so she's having to sponge bathe because she cannot actually get in her tub.


And I get to this lady's house and I'm like, how long you been living? Like the house is sitting on some two by fours under like it is sitting on some wood and you, the wood's gonna rot. I'm like, this, this house could fall in like at any time, you know? And so I called my contractor in front him. I'm like, listen, can we get this fixed up in any way? He like, yeah, we gotta start with it. 'cause at first she called me just about the bathroom just so she could have a walk in shower. I'm like, sure, why not? We get there. I'm just like, the contractor was like, dude, we can't do nothing until we like, first of all get some plumbing in here and also level this house out. So, you know, he gave us a quote for that. And you know, I was able to, you know, share that on social media. Like, but when I get there, this lady's like Mr. King, like it's so good to see, I see you on the TV sometimes like on the news, like doing the things with the kids.


And she was like, I didn't know you was so young. You the commissioner on the historic pre. I'm like, yeah. She's like, I didn't expect you to be so young, but these people believe, you know, in me. And it's heavy sometime. It is, it is a little pressure, you know, here and there. But I don't mind it. Bruce Wayne got a lot of pressure, you know, to keep the, the city fixed. Everybody don't like Bruce Wayne either, you know? But my son loves the Batman and we love the Joker And so we always, you know, use that. But I, I have a, I have like a call and there's this old Baptist song, you know, when I grew up in the Baptist church, you may not know it, but it's an old devotional song called A Charge to keep. I mean, it's a charge to keep that I have and a God to glorify and to serve this present age.


Like that's the song that we sung all the time growing up. And I never understood it. But now it's like I have a charge to keep and this present age, you know, to fulfill for God. How did you decide that you were gonna go after the younger generation? There's this one time where I did try to work with, I'll tell you what's interesting. Go ahead. Go ahead. What's interesting is it doesn't sound like you grew up in a, in a poor, broken home. No. It sounds like you grew up in a very, in a very good home. Yeah. With good parents, good grandparents, maybe surrounded by people that weren't as fortunate as you. And so where did the, where did the vision come in? Is it, is it who you grew up with that made you want to go after the younger generation?


So going after the younger generation? I'm a, I'm gonna mention what, what I started out doing when I first started working in the city of Albany, I originally started working with older men, like actual men, not kids, but then Like what age? 20, 30. Just just men. I, I always, I just invited men to come to these different barbershop events. I would have At age what 19? Yeah. So yeah, I was 19. Yeah, I was 19. And so I started out working with these men. How, how do you start out working with men at 19? How do you influence older men? I mean, I mean you're dealing with egos. Yeah, yeah. You're dealing with people that don't believe you. I mean That's why I stopped working with 'em.


So originally it was, I was working at the barbershops and I'm telling them like, look like we could do all these different things to try and help fix the city of Albany. But for one, because there's this kid who's telling us what we could be doing with the city of Albany. So I stopped working with the, the men 'cause they stopped coming to the events that I was doing trying to, you know, encourage us to go do things. I took these kids on a field trip to the Center for Civil and Human Rights and African American History Museum in Atlanta to hear these kids asking these questions, to hear them not wanting to be in their condition. That's where I knew I had to work with kids. And immediately after that I started working with them. I started doing oil change workshops.


I started doing brake repair workshops, teaching them how to work on cars, et cetera. And these workshops were a hit. But I was still working, driving a forklift at the time. And I'll never forget my job told me that I fell asleep at work. I was working a graveyard shift. They told me I fell asleep at work and everybody was trying to call me over the intercom, et cetera. And I, and I wouldn't answer it, I don't remember falling asleep, but they said I fell asleep. So they let me go. I asked my wife at the time, I say, can I do a summer camp at the house? She was like, yeah, you can do summer camp at the house. I was like, okay, cool. And mind you, baby king wasn't even one yet. And so my son was a couple months old. So I posted this flyer online and I said, I'm gonna be offering to teach kids how to grow their own food.


I'm going and I learned how this is growing up by the way. So I'm gonna teach 'em how to grow their own food. I'm teaching 'em how to work on cars, I'm gonna teach how to work on houses, we're gonna do math, we're going to read, et cetera. I got, I found a couple tables. I turned my dining room into a classroom and I got this little small dry erase board from stables for like $24. And that's where I started teaching. They brought their kids to me every single day. I was still 19, I had 20 parents branded kids to me every single day. 20 parents right off the get go, Right off the get go. And I'll never, what's The literacy rate in Albany? If you would've asked me, I could've been able to tell you. I will say that our kids that came to work with me, maybe 17 out of the 20 of them, could not read on grade level.


And I had maybe like five of them who couldn't read at all. And imagine these kids were 11, starting out at 11. 11 to 17 was the group, the age group. And I mean I had a kid who couldn't read cat dog. And I'm like, son, how exactly are you in the sixth grade? And you can't read at all. Who exactly passed you through school? Not being able to, to read. That's where I got the idea at the time. I said, well I'm gonna open up a school one day, so I don't know when I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna open up a school. I don't know where to get the money from, but we could open up a school. But that's when I started truly working with kids after I discovered that kids don't wanna be in their condition, they just want somewhere in an atmosphere where it's cool to do the right thing.


Hmm. And how did you, how did you find 20 parents right off the bat? Facebook. I just posted the flyer online people. Yeah, I think when school's out, we have a lot of poor parents and, and and stuff. They, they can't afford these summer camps. They can't afford to send their kids out. So they, kids are just stuck at home. So the, this was a summer camp? Yeah, it was a summer camp. So the kids were stuck at home. So the moment I, somebody's online saying, Hey, you could bring your kids over here, they don't really care at that point where they just want their kids somewhere where they think something constructive is going on while they at school. I mean, while they at work or going to school, whatever they're doing, they just don't want their kids just at home. So that's where we got the 20 parents from. How many hours a day were you spending on this? Nine to three.


Nine to three? Yep. How are you making money? I was Did you Have a, did you have an occupation? Yeah, I, I was a skilled tradesman. So my brother came to live with me. He was about 12 or 13. He was losing himself at the time. He's in military school now in Marion, Alabama. At a military institute or a Marion Military Institute. But with him, he and I would go around and fix people's cars off of, I learned how to do that off of YouTube. I had previous experience working on cars. But obviously, you know, working on different cars you have different things. So when people would say, I need my car fixed, I asked them, you know, what exactly need to be done? I need my starter change 70 year making model. I got a 2009 Chevy Malibu.


Cool YouTube, YouTube, how to change start on Chevy Malibu. I basically determined what I felt at the labor cost it and I told 'em, I'm like, Hey, this is how much I'll charge for that. We'll go and do it. That's how I got a light bill paid. Then I learned how to cut hair while I was in the marines, while I was in the barracks at camp. What was that? Camp Johnson, I think I was at Camp Johnson. But I learned how to cut hair in the barracks 'cause the, the base barbers were trash and everybody got tired of their haircuts being janky. So I was like, look, how about y'all just let me practice on y'all head? I watch a couple YouTube videos and I went and bought some little cheap clippers from Walmart and everybody would just come like, I don't care if you practice on my head to be frank. 'cause it looks like they practice And so why not? So I eventually got good at it. I got, I got really good at cutting hair And so that's when I started doing the city of Albany too.


So whenever I went fixing somebody's car, I would do house calls. I didn't care what time it was. I would have to go out at 12 o'clock at night to go cut somebody's hair. And I would do that because I didn't have a regular job. So I had to go put up somebody's door or go put in a window frame or go change a ceiling fan or go paint somebody's, you know, wall. Because that's how I made money. That's how I funded our field trips to take the kids different places. When I wanted to take the kids somewhere, I would find something to do. I mentioned to Wyatt earlier, the way me and my brother made our first thousand dollars, granted it was cheap at the time, but we made our first thousand dollars. We were at Home Depot and this lady, while we were in there, we were actually looking for some paint for someone else's, the inside of somebody's house.


They wanted to room painted it. So we were looking for the color paint they wanted, and this lady came up to us and she said, Hey, do y'all paint? We was like, yeah, yeah, we paint like that. And she was like, well, do y'all paint houses? I'm like, yeah, we paint. Yes ma'am. We paint houses. She was like, she's like, I mean like the outside, like, y'all paint the outside and stuff. I'm just, I looked at him, looked at me. We had never painted outside of the house before. And I was like, yes ma'am. We paint houses, we, we paint houses. You need just come get you a coat. And she was like, yeah, come by. My house is the address and this is my phone number. I said, okay, cool. We hadn't painted a house a day in our life, but we went out there 'cause I wanted to make sure the house wasn't too big. Like it wasn't nothing crazy. It was actually a nice small, perfect home that we could paint. It was perfectly square. Not no crooks and crevices, nothing. It was perfect. She wanted painted a completely different color.


So we said, okay, cool. We charge a thousand dollars for it. And that's 'cause we didn't have no experience. So we sat on YouTube for like three hours watching videos of people paying houses from all the equipment we needed, et cetera. We went and rented all the equipment. So we got, had her give us a deposit, our deposit went to all the equipment. Basically we didn't know how much equipment cost it. So we went and rented a paint sprayer from Bob White, rinse and Albany. They got rent, all this stuff out. So we rented a paint sprayer, et cetera. We painted our house in maybe like a week. And that's how we made our first a thousand dollars. And from then on, you know, we started pressure washing people's driveways and, 'cause we had to pressure wash the house first. And so I had to learn how to operate a pressure washer. So then I started, Hey, we can pressure washer drive, we can pressure wash your house.


Like I just made it work. Me and my brother would just hop in my grandma's truck and we would figure it out. Like that's what we did. My grandma would allow us to borrow her truck to go put stuff in the back and we figured it out. So I, I never got a regular job. I just wanted it. And that's what I believe in. Wow. So nine to three, you're teaching kids how to grow food, how to do math, how to read, how to write. Yep. And then three to whenever you're, whenever you're basically an entrepreneur. Yep. Absolutely. Do whatever you can. Yep. I did whatever I could. 'cause I didn't want, for one, my son was a baby baby and I never did like my wife working or anything like that. She had to go get a job and I didn't like that. Like I just, it just messed with my psyche, you know?


I was at home with a kid, you know, so like, it kind of just messed with me a little bit. And that was for a very short amount of time. I literally picked up my business fast. Like I started posting on Facebook about me fixing cars or whatever and people started booking me to come do their different things. And so she eventually was able to leave that job after like a little while and so she could get back home. And I was out with my brother. We was again, you know, just doing whatever we could to make some money. How fast did you get 20 people to show up to your program? And Originally 20, 20 parents. How many kids? Yeah, it was, it was 20, it was 20 kids. So when I say 20, they all had parents. So it was 20 kids. But yeah, it was pretty fast. I probably had that post up maybe about two weeks and we had everybody signed up in that two 20.


Yeah, that two weeks. Yeah. Did You think it was gonna happen that fast? Nah. Everything that you've seen happen for the ex boys program outright, I've never thought would happen as fast as that. Did you have a curriculum lined up or, or were you just winging it? I winged it for the most part. I had like an idea, I had a, like a layout. Okay, I'm gonna teach this today and on Tuesday I'm gonna teach this and Wednesday I'm gonna teach that. And we, we grew squash and cucumbers and all that stuff, you know, during that time or whatever. I just did what I thought was best for that time, you know, during that day, of course I've matured a lot. I've learned about, you know, everything. I didn't have a LLC nonprofit. I didn't know nothing about any of that stuff. I'm just helping some kids. You strictly volunteer, right? Yeah, It was strictly volunteers. Like I, I just did what I could, you know, with the kids.


And What age now you here, what spread? It Was 11 to 17 at that time. 11 To 17. So, so you're teaching, I mean, how do you 11 to 17, that's, I attribute that's a Big, that's a big range. It is, but I attribute the discipline that I was able to give them to the Marine Corps. I believe if I never went to the Marines, I'd never, the program wouldn't be as successful as it is. People have asked me like, how am I able, like I used to have, I had 40 kids at one point and it was just me and people were like, how do you control them? Like how are you able to get them? I said, you got, I think we got like three drill instructors and like 90 kids, like, you know, but I remembered what they did to, to control us. And so I did the same thing with them.


So when we go out, they just like, man, they so memorable. And they saying, yes sir, no sir, they're giving the proper greeting of the day, et cetera. Like how are they doing this? I'm just like, I just attribute it to what I learned in the Marine Corps. I just taught to them that I don't allow a lot of mistakes when they mess up, they get in trouble for it. High knees, mountain climbers, pushups, et cetera. That's how we did it. And they respected me for one, because I was younger. A lot of them didn't know I was 19 at first. I didn't tell 'em till around the end of camp. And they was like, Mr. King, you 19, like I had a And your mentoring kids are only two years younger than you. 17 years old. You know, one of 'em turned 18 while he was there. But they respected me so much because they saw I had my own house, I had my own car, I was raising my son, I had a wife, you know, like they, they saw all of that. So they obviously thought I was older.


But then it became inspiration to them because man, I could be young and helping people and doing okay for myself. Is that Uncommon in Albany? Yeah, it is. It's uncommon. Yep. It is uncommon. How fast is it spread X for boys program? Yeah, fast. After that summer camp, we became the most popular program in the city. Wow. To this day, we're still the most popular program in Albany. Where'd You come up with the name? The X for Boys X equals unknown. And so we are trying to give these boys the unknown variable. What are some of the success stories out of the outta there? You know what this is? I was, I I was hoping you got here.


I probably have out of maybe a couple hundred kids that I've worked with, I probably only have like four success stories. True success stories. You, You only have four. Absolutely. This is why I dig into the failures of the program. So for the past six years, I've worked with kids at ages 11 to 17. And I'll dig into the success stories in a second, but I have to talk about it while I talk about their success. I worked with kids at ages 11 to 17, more teenagers than off than, than not. But during my time working with these in the program, I had this rule, like I was like, I'll never kick a kid outta the program. I'll, you know, we're gonna do what we can. Even if they don't wanna be here, we're gonna try and make 'em do it. And different things like that. I never turn a kid down, et cetera. So during that time, I had many kids that I working with that just didn't want to be there.


They were constantly unruly, didn't want to be there messing up the, the experience for other kids, et cetera. And at the time I didn't realize, you know, that that was actually affecting, you know, teaching because I spent so much time disciplining versus teaching. I didn't realize I was, I was wasting a lot of time of those kids who actually wanted to be there because they gotta get in trouble too. 'cause they acting up, they can't go somewhere because they acting up. They can't get to teaching because they acting up. So I spent years doing that thinking that I was doing the right thing. Like by just trying to make them do it and trying to discipline 'em as much as possible, et cetera. And I'll never forget when I realized it all, I had a student named Briston.


I had started allowing some younger kids to come in. Like, just because, and I was still having the older kids come in too, but I had some younger kids start coming in also. And I'll never forget, Bryce is a great kid on roll student, whatever. And he told his mom, he said, mom, I love the program. I love Mr. King, but it's not, I don't know if I can stay that long 'cause them other kids so bad. And I thought about it for a second and I realized that I got a whole lot of kids in there in that room who want to be there. And I've spent half of this class period fussing at kids who didn't wanna be here, who were unruly, who have said they don't wanna be here and I should just sent 'em home. From that point on every kid who didn't wanna be there, I told their mom they didn't have to come back because I have children here that we are messing the experience up.


We are ruining the experience for those children who could actually be changed. Then I realized it hitting me again that I don't have that many success stories because all these children, they have had to get punched in the face by life. For them to call me and say, Mr. King, I appreciate you, but they have already made mistakes. They have already had a child too early. They already, you know, have went to jail. I've had kids call me from jail and say, Mr. King, like I hadn't talked to you in two years, Mr. King, I appreciate everything he was trying to teach me. I realize it now. Life had to hit them in the face first. Our program Won't say that's a success story. Yeah. I I can I I can say it success, but what I mean by success is you Definitely impacted hundreds of kids.


Yes, I impacted them. Yeah. Now To the degree and what level they achieve in life, that's, you know, that's, that's outta your control. It's, but you've shown them, I believe you've shown them in, in, I mean, look, you've rerouted the, the norm. Yes. You've rerouted the norm or shown them that the norm, that the, you know, the normal path in Albany, New York can be rerouted Alban, Georgia and there is a whole nother side of life. Yeah. They choose. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And so, I mean, I would, I would say that's gotta be a lot more than four. Yeah. So impact to success that, Thank you for mentioning that.


'cause I can start using that. 'cause that's, that's important. So when I mention the success stories, I have about four students who embody everything that I've taught, you know, in the past six years. The reason that they embody it is because I had students that I allowed to be blessed in the program if they had older brothers. So if they were younger, the only way they could come into the program is they had an older brother that was there. Those kids started out maybe seven, eight years old. Those children now literally live by the rules of the extra boys because they started almost as a baby in the program watching me tell them to get a Papa Green today watching me tell them to keep their hygiene up and making sure they bathing, et cetera, et cetera.


So now these kids are like 13, 14 years old and their teachers are calling like, Hey, I just wanna tell you I appreciate, you know, this student because he said he's been in the as voice program and this is why he says, yes ma'am, and no ma'am, and, and comes in every morning and tells me good morning and, you know, does his work and tries to make sure he's doing the right thing. And it's, it's four of them. I got one of them painted on the mural outside of our building. His name's Bryson Pitts. And he, he is the number one example of our program. Bryson Pitts, he's a fantastic kid. He's, you know, playing trombone at his middle school. He's about to go to high school soon, but he's fantastic. You know, he does everything correctly. He keeps, keeps everybody in line, et cetera.


I can't say the same all the, you know, all the way for, you know, his brother or whatever, or even Ken Darius, he's one of my other success stories. Great kid. Can't say the same for his brother either or whatever. Because again, I started with him for so, so late and I, I can say that about him 'cause I caught that brothers and tell him the same thing. I'm like, you know, you could be doing a whole lot better. I taught you so much, so why aren't you doing, you know, what I taught you? But you know, again, that's life, you know, but they're brothers. Fantastic. So those are some success stories that I could talk about, but that's why we've shifted our age range now to seven to nine. So we begin again in March next month. You've Shifted the entire program from seven to Nine to seven to nine. Yep.


So seven to nine or seven. Oh, ages 17. Seven, no ages. Seven through nine. That's it. That's it. That's it. No kidding. Yep. We, we have switched it now because I believe that those children now, well children now are losing themselves a lot sooner. I've had third graders smoking like this. This is what's happening now. And being in the city of Albany, these kids are learning so much from other children just from what's happening in their homes, even from molestation, et cetera. That's a huge issue that I've, I've run into that a couple times. Working with kids, the molestation and family violence, it is a huge issue. And these children are losing themselves a lot sooner.


And I believe that again, so many kids are, hearing moms say, make sure you do the right thing. And everybody's saying be good. And the tears are saying be good, but everybody's punishing you for it. I'm being good and everybody's picking on me. I'm being good and everybody's no wanna be my friend. I'm trying to do the right thing. I'm trying to do my work and everybody's being mean. They need an atmosphere where it is cool to do the right thing. And so they need somewhere they can come where they get praised for great grades. They need somewhere they could come and be praised for having, you know, intellectual conversation. It can come somewhere where they can be praised for, you know, making sure they keep their hygiene up, et cetera. Like, kids will pick on you for like, because all the other kids don't know how to iron their clothes. They'll pick on you for looking nice. Like it's again, you know.


So we wanna give them an opportunity in an environment where it's cool to do the right thing. And if a child does not wanna be in our program, they don't have to be there.


Here's something I'd love to tell us Americans to get better at this year. Something that our international friends beat us at in spades. Speaking more than one language. And you can get fluent sooner than you think with Babel this year. Find a whole new voice with Babel. The language learning app that gets you talking. Learning a new language is one of the best ways to understand the world around you. With a focus on conversation, you'll be ready to talk wherever you go. And if you watch my show, you'll know I've spent a lot of time in dangerous places all over the world. Being able to speak the language was a lifesaver more times than I can even begin to count. With over 16 million subscriptions sold bale's, 14 award-winning language courses are backed by a 20 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off at babbel.com/ SRS. Spelled B-A-B-B-E l.com/ SRS babbel.com/ SRS this year. Get talking with Babel rules and restrictions may apply. Visit babel.com for terms and details.


I'm always looking for ways to make sure I feel comfortable in what I wear through the whole day. That's even more important when the weather is changing from winter to spring. And Trueclassic helps make it easy. Their active wear is moisture wicking in quick drying. And for spring they have short sleeve comfort knit button-ups that look as good at the gym as they do in meetings. Trueclassic makes premium clothes at an affordable price with shirts designed for your best features with a perfect fit. Their bestselling t-shirts and more come in three, six, and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save, plus you get free shipping on all orders. A hundred percent perfect fit guarantee and easy returns. So there's no risk whether you're bundling up for the cold or getting ready for spring level up your style with the clothes that actually fit right. Just go to my exclusive link at trueclassic dot com slash SRS to save. That's trueclassic dot com slash SRS. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe.


Today I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show and their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


We talk a lot about generational trauma on the show and and, and stuff like that. And I th I think, I mean, man, you gotta, you can't make light of showing people that there is another option because people get, they get stuck in the same cycle, right? They see their parents in it, they see their grandparents in it, they see the people, you know, younger than them in it. They see all the families around them in it. And so even if, even if you just have planted a seed, you know, and that community that, that shows them like, Hey, there are other options out there and I'm showing you, look at what's happening here, right? This is, this is another option. This is a way out of that generational curse that so many people are stuck in.


I mean, don't make light of that man. That's, that's a big success story. Even if it doesn't happen right off the bat. Right? You look back, even if it's 10, 20 years from now, I mean, you've planted the seed in there. They they know. Yeah, they know. I just critique myself a lot, you know? Yeah. So it's just Not everything has to be a grand slam. Absolutely. But you know, if we gonna swing the back, we're gonna swing it hard. So Definitely. But yeah, I appreciate you even saying that 'cause I could, I could definitely use that from now on. Absolutely. I mean, what did, what's the response from the parents? Response from the parents is always great. Granted, I ain't got the best reviews from all the parents. 'cause again, I, I discipline a different way and I hold kids accountable.


So I've had parents accuse me line on their kids. Like I'll tell them, Hey, your son did such and such. No, my child didn't, he didn't do that. You're just lying on my son, et cetera, et cetera. I'm just like, that's fine ma'am. I don't see what reason I have to lie on your child. I'm like, what? What does it benefit me? You know? But whatever. But for the most part, parents adore, you know, the program, again, we've done so much for parents, we've done workshops for parents themselves, you know, parenting workshops. I had people come in, help them repair their credit, different things like that. I just try to help, you know, parents as much as possible. And because they, they have to go home to these parents so I could be giving 'em teaching all day, then they go home and go right back into the stupid stuff. So we try to incentivize parents also teaching the same discipline at home.


You know, we try to make sure we incentivize them, making sure they're doing the right thing at home too. 'cause even though we had them for quite a, you know, bit of time, we wanna make sure those kids are are doing the same thing at home. 'cause we hate to have to keep reteaching the same thing because you're allowing them to go back into, you know, who they used to be. But response from parents is always great. We've had a lot of videos with parents giving testimonials and different things like that. So definitely, you know, happy about the parents who truly support our program. Are they, are the parents pretty receptive to the, to the information you're teaching them? You would think not, but they are. I, I haven't had any parents that got mad at me for like telling them they should do better with their, with their children. 'cause I will tell 'em, I'm like, listen, like, I remember one time this, this parent came to me about her son's attitude.


She was like, oh, he always, you know, turning his nose up at me and he doing this and that, et cetera, et cetera. But while she was saying that I'm looking at her face and she's doing the exact same mannerisms that he does, I said, as soon as she finished, I said, Hey mom. I said, listen to me. I said, you were just talking to me about him and you were doing everything that he does. He gets that from you. You should stop doing that stuff and maybe he'd stop it 'cause he's only watching you. And she didn't even recognize it until I told her. And she was like, I didn't even realize that. 'cause I am doing the same movements. I am turning my face up. I, I'm like, exactly. He does that here and he does that at home, but he's doing it because you do it. And so it caused her to critique herself and caused her to stop.


I mean, here's some stats that we, we got from you 0.01% recidivism rate, 82% proficiency in general contracting, 86% increase in reading comprehension, 91% improvement in grades and 93% proficiency and automotive repair. I mean, dude, this is a huge success. This isn't like four wonder kids outta hundreds that, I mean, you gotta give yourself more credit. I I I will, I just like what, you know, me, I, you know, I mentioned mindset earlier and like I said before, yeah, I mean, yeah, the kids, you know, we've done firearms training, we've done all types of different training, welding, et cetera.


So yeah, they've learned how to do a lot of different things, I think are beneficial for their lives. But at the same time, you know, I'm bigger on fixing their mindsets in the character that they have. Because I could have a kid, you know, who's, he could, he could do all that stuff on the list. He could go change the oil for you. He could paint a house, he could, you know, do firearms training, et cetera. But he could still be a terrible person. And, and it is important for me to make sure we're creating a better people. And that's what I believe in. So, yeah, definitely. You know, we, we are big on teaching the trades, just showing them that there are different ways to make money, no doubt. But we want to fix on that character. That's, that's the bigger thing. And let us make, man, I mean, where do you think some of the problem stems?


I mean, we talked about fatherhood at the very beginning. Do you think fatherhood is a, is a major problem in that area? Yeah. I mean, opening, Yeah, absolutely. The lack of true male presence is, is probably one of the bigger, the bigger issues. In order to be a man, you gotta see a man. That's, that's it. And people will try to say, oh, well my mom, you know, raised me by herself and, and I I was a good man. I said, your mom raised you by yourself and you became a good man is because you was on a football team. You had a gym coat somewhere. You had male presence in your life. Your mom wasn't the sole person raising you completely. You never ran into any other men that had any impact on you. And you No, absolutely not. And most and moms would be honest about that, but I'm like this, do not sit here and tell me that your mom never put you on the football team, never let you play basketball.


You never had a male teacher anywhere. You never had no male presence at all. And you became a great person. I believe that you have to have that balance. Any single moms that have raised good men is because they put them around good men too. Yeah. They might have done it by themselves, but they also put them on football teams. A lot of single moms will make sure their kids are in sports. They will make sure their kids have some type of male around them, you know, good moms anyway, to make sure that they become something successful. Because most moms who refuse to put their men, I mean, put men around their sons usually end up some gangbanger, et cetera. Like, I, I guarantee it. And I've seen it, and I can say this because I've worked with children for so long, I can guarantee that. What, that's what's happening like every time.


And again, some parents, they don't want to parent, they don't wanna be a parent. They're just having sex and having kids and don't want a parent. Some people will try to use us as a, a second parent And so they don't have to do nothing. Granted, I try to, you know, do what I can with their sons, but it's hard because I need your assistance, mom. Like, I really need your help, you know, with him. You know, you can't just throw 'em off to me 'cause the program's free, you know, can't just throw 'em off to me. But, you know, coming now in March, we will have rules for parents. And as much as I don't want to, we will kick some children outta the program because of their parents. And because I want the parents to be accountable also. And I have to be a little cutthroat like that.


As much as I may love that child, as much as I may have built a relationship, if that mom does not assist us with her child in a, in a meaningful way, we will let 'em go from the program. Wow. Wow. I mean, so where, with the lack of fathers, where are the fathers? Where are they at? What are they doing? Let's, Let's, let's get into realness. Let got a lot of moms also that, that have fathers that do wanna be dads, but they are so vindictive and bitter with the dad that they'd rather their son fail than have the father in a child's life. Are you serious? I'm dead serious. I am dead. I've had conversations with moms where they tell me, I'm like, where a daddy at? I'll make contact with a dad.


Dad say, you know, I live in North Carolina, or I live in this city. But she never wanted me. They done moved on, got kids of their own with their new wife or whatever like that. She never want me to see him. She never, I'm like, mama, send that boy to go stay with his daddy. He don't need the exit voice program. He needs his dad. Send him with his father. What are you doing besides seeing up here complaining about you doing it by yourself? It's like moms had this new thing now where they proud, they, it is. Like they have to say, I'm doing it all by myself and I'm trying and, and I love my child and putting them on Facebook and pretending you as a parent at graduation, and they turned out to be some terrible person because you was too proud to keep their father in their life. I've run into that so many times with moms who didn't just want, just send the child to stay with his father.


You don't need him. You don't need to be trying to raise him by yourself. Send him with his dad because he needs his actual father. He don't need somebody trying to get the play father. He needs his real father. But because they're so bitter and the court system, which I hate, you know, benefits mothers more than fathers who want to be dads, it, it, it, it, it hurts kids. It hurts children. They send, you know, these kids to stay with moms or like, I, I'll never forget, it's a few cases where mom moms will be on drugs and they'll give it to the mom before they give it to the father. Like, I watched these court cases and I have said before that custody court needs to be a jury. I have said that over and over again. It does not need to be a judge because it's based off of how this judge feels today.


What if they don't like you today? Or what if they mad or whatever. It needs to be a jury. I believe a jury of our appears needs to decide where custody goes. We need to be able to prove why I'm a fit parent. You know, for my child. I have said, if we having a custody battle, let's talk to the jury, a jury about it. It does not need to be one judge or I'm trying to prove to this judge while I'm a good dad, et cetera. Well, I don't understand why that that is in the jury trial. And that's something I wanna fight for because I've, I run into that issue, you know, in, in divorce at, at one point or whatever like that. Like the, the lawyer was telling her to keep the kids away from me. And so because she didn't have any knowledge, she, you know, thought she was doing the right thing because that's what the lawyer told her to do. And she told the lawyer, she was telling me after it was over, she was like, well, I told him he was a good dad and everything.


I didn't understand what he was telling me to keep the kids from for, but I was doing it because that's what he told me to do. I said, don't you ever in your life let somebody tell you to keep your kids away from the dad. Like she said, that's what the lawyer was telling her. And, and I was like, well, why wouldn't he be looking out for the best interest of the kids? Because I had already offered, you know, multiple different things. You know, when I got a divorce, you know, for her to be okay, I left the house, left her the car, et cetera. Like every, I just, you know, I just wanted out, you know, at that time. But I just wanted to make sure I had, you know, proper custody with the children. 'cause I wanted to make sure I'm raising my sons and he was telling her to try to get full custody, et cetera, et cetera. And so of course we, we ended up working it out privately or whatever like that. And we eventually, you know, worked out our own custody agreement or whatever like that.


But I'm just like, man, imagine if I wasn't able to afford a lawyer or imagine if I wasn't able to afford, you know, these different incentives for her, et cetera. Like that the regular guy get railroaded and can't see his kids for no reason. It, no matter what happens in a marriage, et cetera, et cetera, if both parents are fit, both parents should be able to see their kids at, at an equal amount of time. It shouldn't be, oh well you can't see 'em because this what the judge decided. Like, that's insane. You know? So it's, it's, it's a little delicate line to walk. So who are these kids? Who do they look up to then if there's, if fatherhood's a major problem, who do they find as role models? If they have any? They look up to whoever's close to them around them, whether that be mom or grandma, you know, how that turns out.


Or they look up to their football coach, they'll look up to the basketball coach, you know, as much as they can. They don't have that. They're look up to the rappers. They're looking up to the gang members who the game members come around with the cool cars and the nice chains or whatever like that. Hey, how you get that? And so they get them into their lifestyle now. They wanna be game bangers, whatever, because they think this is the life to live or whatever. Well, this is how I'm gonna make money. This is how I'm gonna take care of my family. You know, I gotta sell a couple drugs, sell drugs or whatever like that to make some things happen. I'm like, bro, do you see me selling drugs? I'm like, 'cause I had a, I had a red Corvette, I just sold a little, a little while ago. The reason I bought the car originally was 'cause I wanted the kids to see that you could just be a giver and be a great person and be a great father and get what you want still or whatever.


And so I showed them that and the kids were like, Mr. King got a cool car. You know, like it was, it was cool for them to see, like, it was interesting to just witness them, like have a, it is like their mindset shifted when they saw me with the car. And granted, I'm still the same person. I'm still the same Mr. King. I'm still the one who feeds you all the time. But when I got the car, it's like, so I can make It. So you're finding what these kids value? What, what, what, what, what, what they look up to by, by possessions or whatever. Yeah. And, and you're showing them that they can get these possessions by doing, by taking a different route in life, By trusting God. Which is, we do bible study, you know, all the time by trusting God and giving, I told them, you are gonna receive by giving as much as possible.


'cause that's what I do. I give as much as I can. Like, I, I never stop giving. I give every single day. But that's how I keep receiving. That's why I keep telling people. I'm like, how are you so blessed? Because I give, I give as much as I can. Like, I, I never stop giving. I just help random people. I sometimes I have to stop myself. Like I, I'll help anybody who needs it. And that's important to me. But yeah, that's, that's how I figure out, you know, what the kids love. They look up to people they look up to, to possessions. Unfortunately that's what that was for the older kids. And now the younger kids that I'm start about to start working with, they're not really interested in possessions at the moment because they're just living life. You know, they're just alive. They're not, they're not like, oh, I need to have a cool car to look cool or whatever.


They're just elementary school, young kids. But teenagers, all they care about is the scat packs and the cool cars and this and that. That's all they care about is literally, that's all they talk about coming there. Oh, I seen the scat pack yesterday, y'all, it was cool. It was purple, whatever. Like, they coming there talking about dad or some NBA young boy or some beef. They got some rappers they saw on YouTube or some streamers or whatever like that. That's all they talk about the teenagers. But the young kids, they just be talking about toys or talking about playing. Like they, they're young in the mind. So it's like, I don't need a cool car to impress them. I don't need none of that. They're not even trying to be impressed. They just, they just want a cool environment to be in. Yeah. And so as, as, as I hone that and I'm never talking about cars and never talking about the cool stuff, they're not interested in it.


Like my sons, they don't, I mean, they seen cool cars and whatever like that, or they see, but they know every day they just wake up, put some t-shirts and some gym shorts on and they out the door. Like, that's me. I wear a t-shirt and some jogging pants every single day or some, or some shorts in the summertime blank t-shirt, nothing on it. I got cool shoes, I wear 'em every blue moon. And that's only for the kid was only for the kids to see the cool shoes. 'cause they like 'em. So I'm like, okay, let me get some cool shoes so they can see that Mr. King got on some cool shoes today. You know, so they can understand that Mr. King's not rapping. And I got the cool shoes that the rappers got, you know, like, so that's, that's why I would do that stuff. But I don't have to do that anymore. 'cause like the kids are younger now, so Yeah. It's like I could be me and I could show them like, you know, this is a cool way to live life.


And that's what I believe in. Now How are you funded this? You, you don't take any government funding? I refuse. I won't apply for any grants. I won't do anything that's tied to government. I won't do it. Our do, our donor base is completely private. Donors from social media, et cetera. We have been exclusively funded from the inception from private donors. And I am wholly grateful for everybody that has watched us that have shared videos. Because I tell people all the time, they're like, well, I may not be able to give, give a share, give a retweet. This is just like giving, because again, everything that we've done has been funded exclusively from donors. Every single thing. We have an Amazon wishlist.


When Elon Musk shared my video, maybe like a couple months ago, we had an Amazon wishlist. They went and bought every single thing off the wishlist. We got all type, we got like 20 different tables and whole bunch of chairs and we got tools, equipment we needed, et cetera. They bought every single thing off the list, camera, equipment, everything we needed, pencils, calculators, tape measures, markers, hit stuff for the, the toddler classroom, et cetera. Like, they bought everything off the list. So again, this is why we share everything we do. This is why we always had a camera with us, et cetera. Because we want people to see where their money's going. I, I wholly believe in, you know, not being one of those nonprofits that you never know what's happening after a Nope.


We post rec, when we were renovating our school building, I posted receipts for the toilets. Like I posted everything that people could see 'cause it made people want to give. And the wishlist is different too, because it's not like they're giving money, they're giving an item. So that encourages people to want to give too. So we have an Amazon wishlist and we have just like people that can regularly donate. Damn man. All right. Let's talk about the life preparatory school for boys that started in 2022. Sure. This is a totally separate thing. Yeah. What is this? This is the school that I opened outside of our afterschool program. We originally opened in 2022. We were completely boarding, completely free. We fed them every day. Obviously we, it was very, very particular what we did with our students at that time.


Every day I ran it almost just like Marine Corps bootcamp. Had to get up at a certain time of the day. You had to make sure they Live here. Yeah, They live, they lived there. We had to make sure they're brushing their teeth. They had to make sure they iron their clothes. I had kids who didn't even know how to put on a belt. We had to teach 'em how to put on a belt. We had to teach 'em how to brush their hair, et cetera. Like teach them how to bathe. I had to show them, like teach them like this is what you do when you get in the shower. Like you, what age group is this? This was all sixth graders. They were all age 11 at that time. They were all age 11. And so it was a beautiful thing when we first started. I, I miscalculated how much funding we were gonna need to keep that operation going. I did my best to fundraising. We kept it open. Even with us being in the red, I kept it open.


But then the summer after our school opened, we came, we had a summer camp going with more kids and we came to the building to play basketball. We had a big school building. We purchased, we came to play basketball. I remember I opened the door and I looked in and it was stuff everywhere. And I'm like, what in the world? Somebody broke into school. 'cause we hadn't been there. It was the summertime, so we hadn't been in there. It was stuff everywhere I come in there, it was doors ripped off the hinges. It was, our uniforms were ripped up. Our school shield on the wall was ripped up from, I mean we, it was sinks torn out the walls. Like doors were like, like beaten, ripped in half.


I mean they had like, took a couple things, but all the glass in the building was destroyed. Like they pulled all the wires out of the, out of the power box. Like so we could, it was no power in there. I mean the, the destruction that was, I was floored. So of course, you know, obviously pulled my weapon out immediately 'cause I'm just like, what the world like? So this is crazy. So I pulled my weapon out and you know, I had my, my videographer was recording like it was insane. Put a weapon out and we caught two people in there at the time. And you know, I held 'em at gunpoint called the police. You know, they got there extremely fast. They took them to jail and they were just trying to figure out like what was the reasoning, you know, behind this, like why.


And at the time, you know, we couldn't get insurance on the building because the building was old and we didn't have the funding to get certain things fixed that they wanted fixed before they insured us. So we looking at a million, $2 million worth of damage on top of the stuff that we already had to fix, you know, in general that we were working on by project. And so right now the building's boarded up. We ended up having to, to turn the afterschool building into school. But we eventually closed, we shut down the school portion last year. We shut it down last year because we just weren't able to keep it up as far as funding. But this last year as I was, you know, having an afterschool program, after Elon shared our video, we did have a, a donor reach out to us and basically just ask what all did we need to take care of for our after school program and the school.


And so I just told 'em everything. I was just like, this is what all you know, we would need to really thrive. I said, we need vans to go pick the kids up. I said, I never had vans. So we never been able to go offer pickups for kids. 'cause that was a big problem we had. The kids weren't able to be picked up. I don't have any staff. I said, every time I have to go somewhere, the program has to shut down. Like I have to, everything has to close. We can't do nothing. Everything's closed until I get back. Like I don't have any staff, I don't have any, you know, back, back, back, back of the house staff at all anything. So they were just like, look. So we called me back and was like, look, we're gonna give you this small amount of funding, small to them, a small amount of funding to take care of everything for the entire year of 2025. So we just hired a operations manager to operate the program while I'm not there.


And three new staff members, they told us to get 25 kids. They've already signed up. They bought us two vans and make sure they were completely fixed. And they renovated the inside of our, as a school building to make it more school friendly. And they, they're currently being renovated right now while we're sitting here actually. So they basically told us, look, you deliver on this year. If you deliver this year, this will determine whether I'll continue funding y'all more in the coming years. But show me what you could do this year. Give me the data. Show me what you're doing with these children. Don't just talk about it. Show me numbers, show me what you could do. And then this will determine whether we're able to continue funding the program and reopening the school and rebuilding the whole school, you know, in the coming years.


So. Wow. Yeah. So social media. Social media. 25 kids you have? Yep. We just signed up 25 kids. They started in March. And they live there? No, this is for afterschool. Oh this is the afterschool one. This is after school program. Yep. Up, Man. You got a lot of stuff going on. Yes, a lot of stuff. I just started head coaching my son's t-ball team now, so that's gonna be fun this year. What's your, what's your daily Routine? I mean, Sure. I, I love to go into that. I wake up at about, I wake up, my eyes open about five, but I don't get outta bed, which I should though. But I get up, my trainer gets to the house, he comes to train me. It's a 19-year-old kid. Well he just turned 20 actually, but he, he's a bodybuilder. He, he trains me every morning at six 30.


I get, I get up, wake my sons up, they go put their clothes on. He baby king goes in there, does a little baseball. I lift about eight o'clock, go take a shower, take them to their teacher at about nine o'clock. They're in school from nine to three during the day. Depends on which commission I'm on. I may have to go to a historic preservation commission meeting. May have a county commission meeting, may have a city commission meeting. Depends on, you know, what's happening. May have a task force meeting. I'm on the YMCA board of directors may have a meeting. Those meetings are the afternoon. But anyway, I go to whatever meeting I have to go to. I go check our PO box. I go deposit checks that, you know, donors may send. I send over the addresses to those donors to my assistant so she could send Thank you letters to those donors.


After that I may go get me some food and right now I've been going to check on the building right now, every day as they're working on it, I pick my sons up at about three o'clock we go do some training, whatever it is that we're doing, whether it be gymnastics, boxing or baseball. We go do some training with them for maybe an hour or two. I get home, make sure they got some food. And remember I told you I support everybody around me. So there's this new guy in our hometown who, who's been cooking and he cooks really well. So I've been having him come cook for us sometime during the day when I don't have time to, to get food. I have him come cook for me and my sons just to support his business. And it also gets him content too so he can, you know, share for people to continue supporting him.


So he'll come cook for me during the week and after that I get the kids in the, the tub maybe about seven o'clock. The reason I do that is 'cause we were big WWE e fans. So we watch wrestling on Mondays and Fridays. So if it's a Monday or a Friday, they get 'em in this tub about seven wrestling starts at eight o'clock. And we'll watch wrestling until it's time to go to sleep. And they got their own rooms and they go to bed and repeat just depending on what I gotta do for the next day. And then I'll, you know, go over my calendar or whatever just to see what I gotta do. So some days are busy, some days are not. But yeah, for this past couple days I've been extra busy. So yeah, that's kind of what a daily schedule looks like. And then right now I'm about to coach the T-ball team. So that's about to turn into getting practices together for them.


And on weekends I do, we do a lot of practice with my sons. I, I take weekends to give dedicate to my, my children. So we'll go to the baseball field and we'll get it in. You know, we're just out there just getting it in, doing iq, learning about the bases, what to do, your different assignments, et cetera. Boxing. Wow. They enjoy it. Is your middle, is your middle son boxing too? He just started, yep, just started. He's about to turn four, but he, he was already practicing watching my, his brother. So when he was practicing the coach was just like, well I can, I'm gonna just go ahead and get started with him. 'cause he's already watching the punch numbers. And he would go practice on the little mannequin thing. So he would just be over there just doing his own little thing over there. And so he just started with him too.


I gonna get him in juujitsu soon. Only things my, my kids don't have a choice in is doing self-defense and yeah, any, any self-defense, they don't have a choice. Everything, every other thing they have a choice with sports, whatever they can, they can choose. But self-defense, they have no choice. You will box you with do juujitsu. Yep. I think earlier you had mentioned you traveled to Nigeria. Yes. Not to Longo. What prompted that? So it's, it is a foundation called the Mega Impact Foundation. They sent me an email originally and just asked me to do a little video. 'cause their, their students had saw me, you know, online. They just sent me a, a video, I mean, excuse me, a email and asked me to send a video over via Zoom so I could interact with their students.


Something in me, I'll never forget was just like, go ask them, can you come? And I'm like, ain't no way. I'm like, absolutely not. I'm like, I never wanted to come. Like I never just wanted to go to Africa or anything like that. Like not saying I wouldn't go, but I just never was like, I'm gonna go to Africa or something like that. But something was just like, go and you know, my conscience was like absolutely not. Like, no. But anyway, I sent 'em an email. I was like, is it possible for me to come? So they thought that maybe they didn't reach the right person 'cause there's no way, you know, this guy wants to come Nigeria. So they wanted to set up a zoom call. So they set up a zoom call with them and the, the, the leaders of the organization. And they was surprised it was actually me. They was like, we thought this was gonna be fake like you, so you wanna come to Nigeria. But they needed me there in three days.


So I was just like, look, this is what I'm going to do. I said, if I'm meant to come to Nigeria, everything will go right in these next three days. My videographer didn't have a passport and we need to give him a passport overnight. And it's possible to do that. You just have to go to where one of the overnight passport place is. Only appointment they had was Buffalo, New York. We flew to Buffalo, New York to get him his passport. Mind you, everything has to go right. We cannot miss a flight. Cannot be delayed. Everything has to be done on time. While he was getting his passport, we was in Buffalo. We had to get overnight visas to even go over there. 'cause we had to get visas to even go get into Nigeria. So we had to get Visas got those approved.


I forgot we had, we had to do some other stuff. I can't remember just off the top of my head. But everything went right. I, and I, I was hoping something messed. I said, please God, something needs to mess because I really am scared to, to go. Like I just, I was, that was my first time really being afraid of something because I, I didn't know what to expect. I'm like, why am I going to Nigeria guy? Like what, why? Or whatever. So he got his passport squared away. Flight was ready to go. The only thing that happened was our flight was late about like nine hours. We was just sitting at the airport. Other than that, we flew to Nigeria, everything happened, right? We was able to get straight through customs, et cetera. And the stuff that I saw in Nigeria, it changed my life, man. It changed my life.


We were there 10 days. I did, they wanted, I let the whole little summer bootcamp they had there, the kids were so excited to see me because you know, to me I'm to them I'm famous or whatever like that. So I got there and they were just ecstatic asking a whole lot of questions. And they were so articulate, so well read. And just the questions that they were asking, it is like, wouldn't, adults here wouldn't ask those questions. Like they were really well thought out questions that they were asking me in regard to the sessions I was teaching. And I posted those sessions online for people to see on Instagram or Facebook. But I posted all those different sessions and just teaching them about character and you know, just proper greetings and how to shake hands. Some of those issues they were having, you know, there like how to shake hands looking people in the eye, you know, talking to people, you know, in a stern voice, you know, confidence.


Yeah, confidence. Making their presence known. And so I talked them a lot of that stuff and you know, as I've left they were saying sharing how the kids were, you know, still are trying to do what I taught them. So I'm supposed to be going back in May, but I told 'em I would come once a year to come see them and you know, just interact with them and do the little bootcamp thing they, they had going on. But man, we rode through Benin, Nigeria. We weren't supposed to go through there originally. And we were supposed to take a flight from a Saba straight to Lagos, Nigeria. But the flight, our flight from Delta got delayed. So we ended up having to drive two and a half hours through Benin, Nigeria to get to Legos. Benin, Nigeria was probably the, the poorest thing I have ever seen in my life.


I had it, I felt like I was in a movie or something. I, I didn't believe it, but the one thing that was weird was I had every bar while I was there on my phone. I had service the entire time. Didn't understand how, but so I was, I was sending my family like video and pictures and it was scary. And to the point where I'm like, how we, like, the roads were so bad. I'm like, are we gonna make it all the way there? It was like, yeah, we're gonna be fine. Like, I, I, I, it was crazy. I had kids that are younger than my son, like my middle son out selling stuff on the side of the road. Wow. Like, like actually selling, like trying to sell stuff to get money on the side of the road. Wow. It was crazy. And I'm like, I'm like, what the deal? Like, well, they selling things, you know, to, to, to get some money, you know, to go get food and stuff like that.


I'm like, okay, what? Their parents, their parents are probably working, they probably won't see their, their parents maybe, but seven days at a time. I said, so they don't see their parents like every seven days. Like, yeah. So what days, what, so they just by themselves, like, they just sleep by the Yeah, they take bathroom. They, well, they may, they may, you know, try to bathe wherever they can. They, they may or may not eat. They may see their parents, you know, in, in a week, you know, because they gotta go work to make money, to make really pennies. And I'm like, are you serious? I couldn't even imagine my 3-year-old selling something to make. I, it, it was insane to me riding through there. I mean, it was, I don't, I don't know how to explain it. I just only could have video. I got videos, but I could only just talk about it. It was, it was insane. And it made me so, so grateful.


Like when I got home, it took a minute for me to even just register that I was back because I was just grateful to just go get some water from the fridge. Like, we had to organize to eat while we were there. Like it wasn't just, you could just go grab a snack. Yeah. Or go, just go get an apple or eat a banana. You had to, we had to organize to eat. Like it had to be a thing. Like we had to make sure everybody was squared away, et cetera. And of course there's not a lot to eat there either. Like you have to kinda eating the same things over and over again. So it was, it was a little harsh man. Like, it was, it was a little harsh there. The beds were so hard, like, and we were at a nicer, you know, hotel for them. I mean, I feel like I was sleeping on a, a metal box, like it was bad, you know, like my back was killing me the whole time I was there.


But I was just grateful to see those kids, man. They made me so happy. And we were racing, had a little barbecue the last day we were racing and, and having a good time playing soccer with them. Just, I got all this on video. I mean, it was the most beautiful experience I ever had, just interacting with them. But the, you Think you'll be back? Yeah, I'm gonna go back. I'm gonna go back once a year. It'll be better this time. I'll go with a team and the stuff like that. This time it was just me and my videographer last time, which was not the smartest thing, but God told me to go, so I had to go. But this time when we go, we definitely gonna have like a full team, you know, and stuff, you know, just for protection and things like that, you know, just to make sure things go okay. But it was definitely an experience and I'm actually excited to go back, not because of the experience, but because of seeing those kids.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, you know, we're wrapping the interview up here, but do you, do you plan on expanding your, your vision, what you're doing outside of Albany? Are you gonna stay in Albany? I, people have asked me that so many times. I don't mind giving advice. I don't mind giving people inspiration. But my job and my goal and my duty is to fix the city of Albany. I never wanna stray away. I have been offered to come other places. I've been offered money to open the program somewhere else and to move, I won't do it. The city of Albany is my charge and I believe I'm responsible for fixing it. And so while I believe that I'm responsible for fixing it, I'm gonna do my hardest to make sure I do that.


That's what I believe in. People believe in me, in the city of Albany. People have hope in me. People see me in, in, in, they think I'm the hope and I believe in Jesus. And so I guess God's working through me to help fix our city. Man. That's what I plan on doing. It's amazing what you're doing. And then, you know, I, I have another question. You know, we've talked a lot about being a father, becoming a man. It's, it's the lack of the lack of male role models and, and, and actually in the everywhere and you know, And so I'm just curious. I, you really resonate with me, especially at the very beginning.


And what do you think are the most important attributes to becoming a man? We have different pillars in our organization. Accountability, courage, commitment, consistency. We have like, I think three more, but those are the main ones. And I think all those are what makes a man being able to be consistent. Being able to be accountable, having courage. All those things are important. And, and really just being able to have endurance pain is gonna be a gift. And I have to explain it all the time.


You know, it's, it is a gift for pain. Pain is what teaches you, you learn with pain or, or we say pain is a weakness, leaving the body. You know, so that's, that's important to me. And if we teach, I teach the kids, you know that when you're going through things, you're just being built. And so it's, it's almost like always looking at the glass half full as a man. You, we cannot afford to, to be sitting around feeling sorry for ourselves or, or, or not wanting to go through something. No, what you're looking for is through that pain, through the stress, through the worry and through the doubt. You have to get through it in order to be proud of yourself in the end. And, and continuously setting goals, that's important.


I think not setting goals and just wanting to be stable. And I will say maybe everybody don't have a big chart. Everybody don't have big visions and things like some people do wanna just live the American dream, have their kids that, you know, have a wife barbecue on the weekends, go on vacation once a year. Some people do wanna live that life. But for those, you know, men who are aspiring to do a whole lot more, there's gonna be trial, there's gonna be tribulation. And I promise you a lot of those people that you believe in and you have seen their successes, they had more failures than you can count behind closed doors. Yeah. They've been through a lot behind closure. I have been through a ton behind closed doors. Especially just having this organization from personal life issues, bad decisions I've made, et cetera. I've had to learn on my own, just what I'm doing now.


So really being able to be teachable too and being able to look at the glass half full. 'cause you have to learn that stress and pain is a gift. I promise. It's gonna build you. And I look for it. I, I, I look for the pain. I look for the stress because I understand on the other side of that is the gift that I was looking for, the goal that I was looking for. So I know when I come up with a new vision, I already know, here we go. It's about to be some hell I gotta pay to get through there because God has to teach you, you know, in that time we be thinking we be ready for something. God knows we not ready. So he gonna put you through the trial and tribulation to get there. We can't just put the meat in the oven. You have to season it, you gotta beat it, you know, so you gotta tenderize it, you gotta season it, you gotta get rough with it, you know, et cetera.


Same with a pizza. You can't just throw the dough in the oven. You have to make the dough. You gotta need the dough. You gotta beat the dough, you gotta toss it up in the air, you gotta turn it all types of, you gotta put it through the fire. You gotta put all this stuff on top of it and then you finally get a nice pizza. You know? So it's, it's very important to realize you just gotta go through it. If people think you don't gotta go through it, man, you living a wrong life. But as a man, that's what I believe in. You gotta, you gotta go through the pain. Yeah. Pain. It is a gift for you. Yeah. You know, you said something else at the beginning. I think this is one of the most important attributes. Attributes, if not the most important attribute. And you know, be a band of your word. Say you're gonna do something, you do it, you gotta do it. Because if you're not worth your word, then you're not worth shit. Absolutely.


And I think that is one of the, one of the main things, if not the main thing, but yes. Well, king man, you are a very impressive man. I appreciate it. Thank you. And I'm, I'm just so thankful we met and Me too. I hope to see you again. Yeah, I would love to. I wanna see you again. I Would love to come back and maybe when my son's a bit, maybe like seven, probably or eight. He's done an interview, interviews before. But I think when he gets a little bit more competent to be able to give an interview, I would love for you to sit with both of us and, and talk to us. 'cause he's gonna give some gems. He's very intelligent. That would be, that would be amazing. I'd love to do it.


Yes sir. Alright, king, best of luck. Yes sir. Thank You so much. That was awesome. Thank you. I appreciate it. Expert entrepreneur at Mylet is on a mission to max out your life. I exist here weekly so that you can make your dreams come true, become the man or woman you're capable of, and then pay it forward. It's time to get laser focused on peak performance. Clarity equals focus and focus equals success.


That's what I'm here to do every week with you. Max out The add my Let show, follow, and listen on your favorite platform.