
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


The Jack Welch Management Institute at Strayer University helps you go from, I know the way to, I've arrived with our top 10 ranked online MBA gain skills you can learn today and apply tomorrow. Get ready to go from make it happen to made it happen, and keep striving. Visit strayer.edu/ Jack Welch MBA to learn more. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by seven as many campuses, including at 2121 15th Street North in Arlington, Virginia.


Dr. Ben Carson, Welcome to the show. Thank you. I'm delighted to be here. Thanks for having me. Oh, it's my pleasure. I've been looking forward to this for a long time and I can't believe you're actually here. This is really, really surreal for me. I've been watching and following what you're doing for a long time and, and I just, I love everything you've got going on and everything you've done and, and I think everything you stand for. So it's really Well we love, we love what you do and the in depth shows that you do and your service to the country as a Navy SEAL. Well, Thank you. Thank you.


Everybody starts with an introduction and So here we go. Dr. Ben Carson, you're raised in poverty in a single parent home in Detroit, Michigan. You earned a medical degree from the University of Michigan Medical School specializing in neurosurgery. At age 33, you became the youngest major division director in John Hopkins Hospital's history. As the head of pediatric neurosurgery, you gained international recognition for your groundbreaking surgical innovations, notably for leading the first successful separation of conjoined conjoined twins.


You're the author of numerous scientific articles and books, including Gifted Hands, the Ben Carson story, which was later turned into a television movie. You received the P Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2008, the highest civilian honor in the United States. You ran for president in 2016 and were later appointed by President Trump as Secretary of Housing and Irvin Development. HUD serving from 2017 to 2021. You're a husband to Candy Carson since 19 75, 50 years in July as we spoke downstairs. Congratulations. Thank You. Half a century, The father of three sons, and most importantly a Christian.


So I'm just gonna 50 years. I mean, that's amazing. And so, you know, kind of to start it off, I just, what would you say the secret to a successful marriage is? I would say marrying the right person. That's the secret to a successful marriage. You know, making sure that this is somebody that you really like, that you really have fun with. You know, so many people they, they get married on the basis of physical attraction or something of that nature and that wanes with time and all of a sudden you don't have anything in common and that's a problem.


Interesting. I literally just talked about that as well just a few days ago. So it's great to have your affirmation on that and I a hundred percent agree with that. So before we get too in the weeds, I want to do, I wanna do a full life story on you, so I hope you're ready for the long haul here. Not a problem. But, but I wanna start off just a couple of things. We have a Patreon account, there's, it's a subscription account. They've been with me since the very beginning when I started this show in the attic of my house. And it was just me and my wife and, and then we moved to this studio.


The team grew and it's, it's really all because of them. And so we've built quite the community over there. And one of the things that I offer them is they get to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from Roy G. It's a good question Dr. Carson. What actionable steps can be taken to address the hospital insurance and pharmaceutical system that has made healthcare costs outrageously expensive? I'm not looking for a pie in the sky idea, but rather a realistic solution that could actually be enacted within this administration. Well, as everybody knows, cost of medical care is skyrocketing.


It's much greater in this country than it is anywhere else in the world. And yet we don't have the best outcomes, we don't have the best longevity. So it makes you question the efficiency of our system. We spent $13,100 per capita per year in this country on healthcare concierge practices. Just to put that in perspective, costs generally five to $10,000. Wow. It is really a problem. What do you need for good healthcare? A patient, a healthcare provider, that's all you need.


Along came the middleman to facilitate the relationship. And now the middleman is the major entity controlling both of the other two. That's where all the, that's where all the money is going. So what we need to do is have a system that takes us back to the healthcare provider and the patient. And we already actually have that. It's called health savings accounts. And if you have, if you just modify that system a little bit, it would be very effective. And when I say modify it, allow, for instance, if a husband is having a procedure or something done and he's short $500, his wife can give it to him out of hers or his brother or his cousin or his uncle or his aunt.


And that way every family becomes their own insurance company, interestingly enough. And you also modify it so that when a person dies, their health savings account can be given to one of their family members. Wow. So over the course of a generation or two, almost every family would have an enormous amount of power and they would be able to control their, their own medical care that way. And also they're gonna be very interested in Uncle Joe who's smoking three packs of cigarettes a day.


They're gonna be hiding their cigarettes. That's a good point. That's a good point. And that would save us an enormous amount of money. And you know, the obvious question is, well what about the people you know who, who are not employed, whose employer can't put money into their health savings account? What about them? Well, where does the money come from? That $13,100 comes from the government. You just divert it and you wouldn't have to put as much into people's savings account. And it rolls over from year to year.


So if you don't have any major thing done for several years, you've got a heck of a lot of money. And for many people it would be the first time they ever owned anything. And they learn how to manage money, they learn economics. It would make the medical system very transparent. It would have to be, because people would wanna know how much something costs. You're not gonna keep using the system if you know it's coming outta your health savings account. And your doctor's not gonna say, let's just do another CAT scan to see how things are, unless he really wants one because it's coming outta your account and you're not gonna let him do that.


You're gonna, why do you wanna do another scan? And it's sort of like when you go to a hotel and you put your credit card down and attendance says, or you don't need that. All your expenses are taken care of. Oh, well let me see. The in dining, in room dining menu as opposed to where's the nearest McDonald's? Has this been introduced anywhere? No, not really. I've talked to, to Bobby Kennedy about it. He's very interested. He was receptive. He's very receptive.


Wow, that sounds, It would completely change our system and it would cost us a heck of a lot less money and it would bring transparency to the system, which would bring its own set of improvements. Wow. I hope that happens. I hope it does too. You know, particularly with all the pressure that we have on the system with illegals who have come in, Do you think there's a real possibility that that could get pushed through?


I think so. Depends on how logical, now you know, there would be people who are very much entrenched in this system who make a lot of money out of this who would not be too happy about it, including some of the insurance companies. 'cause they would see their source of enormous profits disappearing. Yeah. But that would be one hell of a fight. It will be, but it's a concept that people can understand pretty easily.


Doesn't sound complicated at all, man. It's not complicated. We've made it complicated because the more complex we can make it, the easier it is to deceive people and to continue scamming people. Wow. Well I can't think of a better response For That question. That just blew me away. I can't wait to get this out already. So everybody on the show gets a gift. I'm always like really hesitant to give this out to doctors.


Boom. Oh dear. What did Happen here? Those are vigilance, lead gummy bears. So yeah, made here in the USA, they taste amazing. Well Thank you. Probably be outlawed by the Maha movement here in a couple months. So better Get 'em while you can. Yeah, you better get 'em while you can because yeah, her knows they might come raiding your house to confiscate 'em. But let's dig into your life story. Starting right at the very beginning, where did you grow up? Grew up in Detroit and I thought my early life was K kind of idyllic.


We live in one of those GI homes, 700 square feet, very small about the size of my master bedroom now. But for me it was ideal. There was a little long and you know, we had a, a family, my father, my mother, my brother. And there was a school that was in walking distance and it all seemed okay until it fell apart when I was eight years old and my parents got divorced.


Now I had noticed that my father wasn't around a lot, but he was a factory worker and a part-time preacher. So you know, he would hide behind the part-time teacher part. But it turned out he had another family. He had another family, He had another family and that's why he wasn't around a lot. And that's what resulted in the divorce. How big was the other family? I don't, I don't know. I didn't know much about the other family. Still don't know much about them.


But that resulted in the divorce. And What do you know about the other family? They, they're in Detroit. I know one of the women in the other family has told people that she's my half sister. I've never met her, who she is. But that was devastating and we didn't have a place to live for a while. But some relatives in Boston took us in one of my mother's older sisters and her husband.


Where did you live in the interim? Any place where we could find shelter, any relatives or friends of my mother's. But how Long did that go on? Just a matter of weeks before we found, before we found shelter in Boston. And Was your brother, is your brother older or younger than you? Older, two years older. So a single mom, a 10-year-old and an 8-year-old just bouncing around Detroit trying to figure out, trying to find shelter, Trying to find out where to be.


But what were you thinking? At eight years old,


Now is the perfect time for a little spring cleaning. Starting with your kitchen level up, your cooking game with hex clad. The best pans I've ever owned. Hex clad is like your favorite cast iron skillet but without the mess. It's got the durability of stainless steel, the non-stick magic of a non-stick pan. It's sleek and I really love that It does exactly what it promises. No more scraping bird food off the pan. You can just toss it right in the dishwasher. In Hex clads, Japanese Damascus steel knives are sharp and tough. Perfect for leveling up your meal prep. Hex Clads products come with a lifetime warranty and literally the last time you'll ever have to buy these kitchen essentials, it's time to leave behind the delivery fees in that scratched up pan you've been clinging to since college. This year, cook like a pro for a limited time only. Our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to hex clad.com/ss, support our show and check them out at HE xcl ad.com/ss. Make sure you let them know we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Hex Clads revolutionary cookware.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared and I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency, down to the calorie they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family's safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Prepare with sean.com.


Rates have dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of us are struggling to keep up with everyday bills and you're reaching for the credit cards to pay for all of it. But homeowners listen up, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And if you're carrying a balance every month, you're stuck in an endless cycle. Break free today, call American Financing and see how much you can save. And if you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss.


Everything was an adventure. I was eight years old and I didn't really fully understand what was going on to be honest with you. I thought we were just, you know, having different adventures and you know, it was something going to Boston on the train and, but it was a very different neighborhood. Multifamily dwellings, rats and roaches, broken glass all over the place.


Gangs, murders, both of my older cousins that we adored were killed. That's the kind of place that it was. And you know, somehow we made it through all of that. My mother was working all the time because she didn't like the concept of being dependent on the government and she worked as a domestic going from place to place. But her goal was to get us back to Detroit and to be independent.


And after a couple of years she had saved enough to be able to do that. And you know, was still a multifamily dwelling but, and there was still rats and roaches and dilapidated housing. But nevertheless she was independent. We were independent at that time. And the major story there is that both my brother and I were terrible students really. We were at the bottom of the class and kids made fun of of us all the time.


And you know, I didn't like it very much but I tried to act like it didn't bother me, but it did bother me quite a bit. But it bothered my mother more than it bothered me. And she just didn't know what to do. And she was convinced that we were gonna have the same kind of life that she had, the menial jobs and not realizing the American dream. And she prayed for wisdom and God gave it to her.


At least in her opinion. My brother and I didn't think it was wise at all 'cause it was to turn off the TV and make us read books and we were not happy at all. In today's world. We probably would've called Social services owner, but we had to read those books. And the first book that I read was about a beaver. It was called Chip the Damn Builder. And it was a great book. I enjoyed that book so much that that I started reading other animal books. I read every animal book in the, in the Detroit public libraries.


And then I started reading about plants and then I started reading about rocks because we live right by the railroad tracks. You get so used to the trains coming by, they make a lot of noise, you don't even hear it anymore. But there are all these rocks. And I would collect the rocks in a box and bring them home and read about them. And pretty soon I could identify virtually any rock where it came from, how it was formed. Still in the fifth grade, still the dummy, nobody knew about this project of mine. And then one day, Mr. Jake, the fifth grade science teacher walked in and he held us this big black shiny rock.


He says, can anybody tell me what this is? Well, I never raised my hand, I never answered questions. So I waited for one of the other students and nobody, nobody raised their hand. And I said, wow, this is my big chance. And I raised my hand and Mr. Jake was shocked and all my classmates were turned around. Benny Carson's got his hand up, oh this is gonna be good. And Mr. Jake said, Benny. And I said, Mr.


Jake, that's obsidian. And there was silence in the room 'cause nobody knew whether it was right or wrong and they didn't know whether they should be impressed or whether they should be laughing. And Mr. Jake said, that's right, it is obsidian. And I said, obsidian, formulator, volcanic corruption. And the lava flows down, it hits the water, does a super cooling process, the elements coalesce the surface gl. So everybody was staring at me that what and the world is going on here. But I was the most amazed person 'cause it dawned on me at that moment, I said, you're no dummy at all. The reason you knew the answer is because you've been reading the books.


I said, aren't you tired of being called the dummy? I said, what if you read books about all your subjects from that point forward? You never saw me without a book. If I had five minutes, I was reading a book. I went from being called the Dummy to being called the bookworm. And within the space of a year and a half, I went from the bottom of the class to the top of the class. Wow. All the students who used to call me dummy were coming to me saying, Benny, Benny, how do you work this problem? And I would say, sit at my feet youngster, while I instruct you. I was probably a little obnoxious, But it really changed the trajectory of of my life significantly.


But the other thing probably just as importantly is I hated poverty. You know, some people hate rats, some people hate snakes and bugs. I hated poverty. And you know, it really stung acutely. The teacher would sometimes say, everybody bring a nickel tomorrow because we're gonna have popcorn balls. And they were beautifully wrapped in these cellophane wrappings of different colors and they look so good.


And they only cost a nickel. Some kids actually would bring a dollar to the school and buy a whole bag of them. But you know, I never had a popcorn ball 'cause we never had an extra nickel. That's how bad things were. But I just hated poverty until I started reading those books. Until I started reading about successful people, surgeons, scientists, explorers, and entrepreneurs, inventors.


And as I read their stories, I began to realize that the person who has the most to do with what happens to you is you. And the person who determines your future is you. And then Bo poverty didn't bother me because I knew that it was only temporary and that I had the ability to change it. How old were you when you came to this? I would've been about 10 or 11 at that point. You figured it out at 10 or 11 years old. Yep. And I knew I wanted to be a doctor.


I've, I've always been drawn toward medicine. I used to love hearing the stories about missionary doctors who traveled all over the world at great personal expense and danger to bring not only physical, but mental and spiritual health to people. And I, I actually had determined when I was eight years old, I was gonna be a missionary doctor even when I was a terrible student. I, I was gonna be a missionary doctor and that was really my dream until I was 13.


At age 13, having grown up in dire poverty, I decided I'd rather be rich. So missionary doctor was out and psychiatrists was in because you know, on tv, psychiatrists seemed like rich people. They lived in the mansions and drove jaguars and had these big plush offices and all they had to do was talk to crazy people all day. And it seemed like I was doing that anyway. So I said, wow, this is gonna work out really well. My brother knew about my interest in becoming a psychiatrist and he had a job and he bought me a subscription to Psychology Today.


And I started reading it and I became the local shrink in high school. Everybody would bring me their problems. I would sit them down, stroke my chin, say tell me about your mama. And I was all gung ho. I majored in psychology at Yale. Had interesting professors like Anna Freud, who was the daughter of Sigmund Freud psycho-analysis. I was really heading down that pathway and by the time I got to medical school, I was convinced I was gonna be a psychiatrist. The rest of medicine really didn't interest me.


Certainly surgery was not even on my radar at all. Hold on, let's go back a little bit. So you go right into Yale, Went, went, went into Yale from Southwestern High School in inner city Detroit. That was a major culture shock, I must say. It was actually the first year that Yale admitted women. So there were a lot of changes going on, on, on the campus. But it was the first time I, you know, seen real China and real silver and these beautiful paintings on the mahogany walls and oral rugs.


And I mean, it was a big change from what I was used to. And you know, I was kind of enjoying it and having fun and really wasn't concentrating on my studies very much. Well what did your, I mean, must have a really proud mom. Oh yeah, yeah. She was, she was very proud. My brother had gone into the Navy and he subsequently came out of the Navy, went to University of Michigan, majored in engineering and he ultimately started working in the aerospace industry.


So he became the rocket scientist and I became the brain surgeon. But it all worked out. Let's rewind a little bit more. Something happened at age 14. Yes. You weren't just a bookworm. Yeah, it was a major change in my life. You know, I, I had a quick temper, I would get very angry and when I got angry, I became irrational. I would just want to hurt people. I, I remember one time there was a, a boy at school.


I was in the third grade and we got in a fight and I hit him with a baseball bat. And I got in a lot of trouble and I, I went home and I wanted to kill myself 'cause I didn't wanna face, you know, the teachers and stuff. And back in school. And I remember my brother was there, I, I said, do you know where the rat poison is? And he said, why do you need rat poison? And I said, I need to kill myself in third grade.


And he said, you know, I know a much better way to kill yourself than rat poison. I said, yeah. He said, yeah, what you do is you drink water until you burst and that'll kill you. So I started drinking, drinking and I just had to peace so much. I forgot about killing myself. But I remember there was another time one of the neighbors had hit me with a a a pebble. Really, it didn't hurt at all.


And I was just incensed that he would dare hit me. And I picked up a large rock, hurled it out and broke his glasses, almost put his eye out. He had to get medical treatment. And another time I was in school and one of the boys tried to close my locker. I didn't want it closed. I struck him in the forehead with my fist, unfortunately, still had the lock in my hand. Put a three inch gash in his forehead. Geez. He was bleeding all over the place.


I almost got kicked outta school for that one. And then my mother was trying to get me to wear something I didn't wanna wear it. Picked up my hammer, it went to hit her in the head with it. And fortunately my brother caught it from behind. Other than that, I was a pretty good kid. But you can see how that temper could get you in a lot of trouble. And at age 14, another kid angered me, changed it channel that I was involved with and I had a large camping knife. I tried to stab him in the abdomen.


Wow. And fortunately under his clothing, he had on a large metal belt buckle and a knife plate struck it with such force that it broke and he fled in terror. But I was probably more horrified than he was. 'cause I realized at that moment how outta control I was. That I was trying to kill somebody over nothing. And I locked myself in the bathroom and I just started contemplating my life. And I realized that with a temper like that, my options were gel reform school or the grave, none of those appealed to me.


And I just started praying. I said, Lord, you gotta help me. I can't control my temper. I had read about behavioral modification in psychology today, but that's a very expensive proposition. We didn't have any money. And I said, Lord, you have to change me. There was a Bible. And I picked it up and turned to the book of Proverbs and started reading. And there were all these verses about anger like Proverbs 1919 that says there's no point getting an angry man outta trouble 'cause he's just gonna get right back into it.


And but they were encouraging verses like Proverbs 1632 mighty areas is the man who can control his temper than the man who can conquer a city. And there were also all these verses about fools. And they all seemed to fit the description of me. And I stayed in that bathroom for three hours praying and reading and contemplating. And during that time it came to me that the reason that I was angry all the time is because I was selfish. 'cause it was always about me, me, Maya and I, somebody did this to me.


They're in my space. I want this. And I said, if you learn how to take yourself out of the center of the equation and insert someone else, it will solve your problem. And it did. That was the last day. I had an angry outburst. Never had one since that. No kidding. But it was because I realized that it was all about me. And to change that would make a huge difference in my life. So that was when I really found God that day.


And I adopted him not only as my heavenly father, but as my earthly father, as a person to go to for everything. And it made a big difference in my life. I did have perhaps some unrealistic expectations. 'cause one of the verses in the book of Proverbs, in the 10th chapter, it says, the expectations of the righteous shall come to be. So when it came time to me to apply to college, I only had enough money to apply to one college.


So, but I wanted to go to Yale. So I applied to Yale as the only college. And I said, I'll get in because it says the expectation of the righteous and I'm pretty righteous. I said I should get in. And I did. Wow. So that's how I wound up there. But like I said, I was kind of overwhelmed with all the stuff going on there. And, Well, what did your mom, what did your mom think when you, when you got accepted? I think she kind of expected that I would really, Yeah, because she, she knew what a good student I, I mean, I was getting As and everything and had all these awards.


And so she said, why wouldn't you get in? But I don't know that she fully understood the significance of, of that. But yeah, she was happy about it. And, but by the end of the first semester, I was in trouble because I was treating Yale like I treated Southwestern High School. At Southwestern High School. I didn't have to study or I could study in study hall and get an A on the test to next.


I mean, it was just too easy. And I figured I could do that at Yale also. It wasn't working. And I was failing freshman chemistry and you can't fail chemistry and get into medical school. So I remember the night before the final exam, I just said, Lord, you know, all these years I thought I was gonna be a doctor and I thought you wanted me to be one, but if I fail chemistry, I am not gonna be a doctor.


So would you actually show me what it is that you really want me to do? Or alternatively and preferably work a miracle. Now the chemistry professor had said either because he was a very good guy or because he was very sadistic, he said, anybody who's failing the course, I will give you double credit on your final exam. So you could not only pass, you could actually get a good grade and give you sort of that last hope before you got down.


I think it was sadistic, but I was gonna study all night. I took that thick stinko and pain chemistry book. I was gonna go through the whole thing at night, obviously that didn't work. I fell asleep and I dreamed I was in this auditorium. I was the only one there. And there was a nebulous figure working out chemistry problems on the blackboard. And I awakened early that morning and that dream was so vivid. I went and I looked up everything that was in the dream in the textbook.


And when I went to take the tests the next day and I opened the book, I heard the music from the Twilight Zone. 'cause I recognized the first problem as one of the ones I dreamed about. Are you serious? Absolutely. And I turned the page and I recognized the next one and the next one and the next one, I aced the exam. 'cause I had just seen it the night before. And I just said, Lord, you'll never have to do this for me again. I will become a serious student. And I did. But then when I got to medical school, I had another problem because I did terribly on the first set of comprehensive exams to the point that my advisor, the person who was supposed to help me get through, suggested that I drop outta medical school, said, you're not cut out for medicine.


I was devastated since I was eight years old. I wanted to be a doctor. I finally get to medical school and the person who's supposed to help me says, drop out. You can imagine the devastation. I went back to my apartment and of course I prayed and I said, Lord, help me to understand what I should do at this point. And I started thinking, I said, what kind of courses have you always struggled on? And I realized that I struggle in courses where I listen to a lot of boring lectures because I don't get anything outta boring lectures, zero nothing.


It's a waste of my time. And I was sitting in six hours worth of boring lectures every day. And what kind of courses do you do? Well, and I do well in courses where I do a lot of reading. So I made an executive decision to skip the boring lectures and to spend that time reading. The rest of medical school was a snap after that. No kidding. And years later, when I was back at my medical school as the commencement speaker, I was looking for that counselor because I was gonna be tell him he wasn't cut out to be a counselor.


But all of that, you know, helped me obviously in a, in a very big way along my career. But I'll go back to thinking I was gonna be a psychiatrist. Then I started listening to some of the lectures by the neurosurgeons and the incredible stuff that they were able to do with the brain and the spinal cord. And I was just so taken with it and I started moving in that direction. That's what I want to do.


Several people discouraged me. They said, that's not the right field for you. At that time, there had been eight black neurosurgeons in the world, but you know, the Lord does not distribute talent based on race. I continued to migrate in that direction and that's how I ended up in neurosurgery. And I started out as an adult neurosurgeon, but I very soon started migrating toward pediatrics because I just love kids and, and the potential that exist in kids and then also with kids.


You can do things that you can't do in adults because of plasticity. The fact that all the neurons haven't decided what they wanna do when they grow up yet. So you can do more radical things and it can still turn out okay. And you know, the rest is history. What kind of radical things? Things like hemis, ectomies where you take out half the brain to cure certain types of intractable seizures. The the first one that I did was in 1985.


Little girl from Denver, she said, I'm from Denver Auto. She was from Denver, Colorado. She was having up to 130 seizures every day. They had tried everything to stop them, even putting her into a pin, Barbara coma for two weeks. But as soon as they lifted the coma, the seizures started back up again. And the head of pediatric neurology at Hopkins, it, a much older fellow than myself, he said, would you consider doing a hemispherectomy?


It's an operation that had really been first done by Walter Dandy and about 1930. And some others had tried it and it was dramatically successful in, in stopping some of the seizure activity. But the complication, the morbidity and the mortality was so high that it had fallen out of favor. So I read up on all the literature and I said, you know, a lot of these things that cause these people to die are things that we know how to deal with now that maybe they didn't know how to deal with in 1930 of 1940 or 1950.


And so maybe if we apply some of the modern techniques that we have, we can do this successfully. And that first operation on the little girl from Denver was a spectacular success. She was very photogenic, as was her mother. That got a lot of attention. That brought in a lot of calls from other people from around the country who had children, who had these intractable seizures. And we did a several ectomies, got a lot of attention.


That was probably my first 15 minutes of fame. You say everybody gets 15 minutes of fame. That was my 15 minutes of fame. But then the next year, one of the obstetricians came to me, how old are you at this point? 34. 34 years old. And one of the obstetricians said, Ben, I have this pregnant woman with twins, but one of the twins had a severe case of hydrocephalus water on her brain.


And the head is expanding so quickly, it's gonna cause her to go into premature labor and both babies are gonna be lost because their lungs are not mature enough to survive. He said, you think you could do an operation? By that time I had sort of started developing a, a reputation as doing unusual things to save children. He said, do you think you could come up with an operation where you could operate on the hydrocephalic twin while it's still in the mother's womb? And I know you can't save that one, but we could save the other baby who's perfectly normal.


And you know, there've been a lot of talk about intrauterine surgery. New England Journal had had an article about how it would be a very desirable thing, but that we weren't quite ready for that yet. But these babies needed it now. They couldn't wait until we were ready for it. So I contacted a neurosurgeon in Philadelphia who'd been doing some experimental work on sheep with intrauterine surgery. And I said, Bob, do you think we could modify your technique and make it available for humans in a week?


And we went to work on it and we were ready to do it, but we couldn't do it at Hopkins. The ethics committee said, no, this is too far out. You just can't do this. So we went to one of the community hospitals and did it there and could see the head of the Hydrocephalic baby shrink right on the screen and bought several more weeks of gas station. And when the babies were actually born, it was a, a big national news story.


And everybody was saying, wow, this is incredible. But then there were, there was a lot of criticism too, people saying we were ethically not ready to do something like this yet. And, and some of the experts were critical. That is, until it became clear that not only was the normal baby, okay, but the hydrocephalic baby was okay too. And then they were saying, oh, I would've done that too under those circumstances. But that was my second 15 minutes of fame. What was The, I don't understand. What was the criticism? The criticism was that this was too risky And what should have, what did they, what did they, what were they implying should have been done?


Well, you know, I don't think they had a logical thing. They didn't have a logical alternative because I engaged in something I call the BWAA best worth analysis. In fact, I wrote a book called Take the Risk, which I explained to BWA, but it involves four questions. What's the best thing that happens if I do this? What's the worst thing that happens if I do this? What's the best thing that happens if I don't do this? What's the worst thing that happens if I don't do this? And when you ask those four questions in this situation, there's only one option that works and you gotta do it.


And you know, I've asked those four questions about a lot of things during my neurosurgical career, and some people will say, Carson's a hot dog, you know, he'll do anything. But it's not true. It's done based it on those four questions. And a lot of lives have been saved that perhaps would not have been saved by asking those questions. Did a lot of people follow in those footsteps? Yeah. Yeah. Hemis ectomies are routinely done now.


And at the time when I started doing them, they had completely fallen out of favor. I remember some medical students from Harvard called, and they said, the professors here said that, that we had misunderstood that you were not taking out half the brain, the cure intractable seizure. I said, your professors are wrong, we're doing, but it's done everywhere now at virtually all children's hospitals. Some of the techniques have been improved upon and modified as they are in all surgical procedures. But yeah, that's, and intrauterine surgery is done commonly in many pediatric hospitals now.


How did you respond to the criticism? Did it, did it affect you at all? Amazingly, you know, I, I don't really care too much about criticism. I would only care about what God thinks. And even in my political career, you know, when people have been critical, I don't really pay much attention to it. As long as God is not critical, I'm good.


If you're like me, health and wellness is extremely important to you. But how do you know who to trust when it comes to the supplement industry? We have all these companies, they pop up every other day. They're all selling snake oil. How do you know who to trust? Well, here's the most important question. Who wants to take the biggest, most massive shit of your entire life? Bubs is a company I've used and trusted for a long time. They make great products, have rigorous quality standards, and they are a long time supporter of this show. And they have the recipe for the biggest shit of your entire life. I love their collagen peptides. This isn't just any collagen, it is a benchmark of trust and performance. It's crafted with integrity and backed by NSF for a sports certification, giving you their assurance of its purity and potency. B'S collagen peptides help support your joints, help enhance recovery, and help revitalize your hair and skin. And yes, it will help you stay regular. Bubs was found in, in honor of Navy SEAL, Glen Bub Doherty. And every product supports veterans. With 10% of all profits going to help military men and women transition back into civilian life. And now for the recipe for the biggest and best shit of your entire life. Bubs, collagen, peptides mixed with bubs, apple cider vinegar, gummies, and you have a recipe for success every day. Bubs, collagen peptides, bubs, apple cider vinegar gummies, ready to upgrade your life. Visit bubs naturals.com today and use promo code Sean for 20% off your order. Bubs naturals.com/sean


I'll admitted. Before Shopify running my business was tough, figuring out how to market and sell products, fulfill orders, keep track of shipping and transaction records. Not to mention creating a website. Shopify made all of that super easy. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret. Secret shop pay can boost conversions up to 50%, meaning way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going through. If you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better. Be ready to sell wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout we use with Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month for three month trial period at shopify.com/ss. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ss to upgrade your selling today. shopify.com/ss.


All right, doctor, we're back from the break. I wanted to kind of dig in a little bit about what was it like preparing for the, for the surgery with the twins or it was 22 hour operation. It was a very interesting time in my life. I got very interested in conjoined twins just out of the blue. And I was saying, why is it that the mortality rate is so high? Why did they all die? And I concluded after much research that it was exsanguination or bleeding to death. And I said, you know, this is 1987, we, we should be able to keep people from bleeding to death.


We must have some techniques. And started thinking about it. And you know, I talked to the chief of cardiothoracic surgery, who's a friend, and I said, Bruce, what do you guys do? You operate on little baby's hearts. How do you keep them from bleeding to death? And he told me about hypothermic arrest. You cool the body temperature, you pump all the blood out, stop the hearts and you can operate for up to an hour before you have to restore the circulation without major damage to the brain.


And I've started thinking, I said, what if when you got to the part of a separation where they all bleed to death, you put 'em on hypothermic arrest and then you're able to get them separated and repair the vessels, pump the blood back in, start the heart up. And then I said, why am I thinking about this? I'm never going to see a set of twins like that. A few weeks later, there they were. And you know, the question was being asked of various surgical teams in different places around the world, do you have a solution?


Because the parents didn't want to take the European solution, which was to choose which one should live and to sacrifice the other one. And you know, I explained, you know, what I had been thinking and everybody said, you know, that sounds like it might work. And we started having some conferences on it, putting a team together. A few of us actually went over to Germany to examine the twins.


And we came back and started doing practice sections where we would take two dolls and stick them together with Velcro and figure out what had to be done. The nurses, nurses designed special drapes that could be used so that when you pull the beds apart, the drapes would fall into place and maintain the sterility of the fill. The head nurse and neuro became my psychiatrist. You know, I would lay down on the couch and close my eyes and she would say, tell me what you need.


Tell me what instrument. She put together all the packs. And it was really quite, quite a team effort. You know, I got so much credit for doing it, but I couldn't have done it without all those people. How many people were involved? The surgical team itself was about 70 people and 70 people. 70 people. And probably one of the, the, the most interesting things is that the head of the department, Dr. Long, who had always been a supporter of mine, he as a resident, you know, he would have these very prominent patients coming from all over the country, all over the world.


And anyone who didn't want me on their case, he would happily show them the door. I remember there was one guy, he said, I can't have a black person operating on me. And Dr. Long said, there's the door. He just didn't tolerate any of that kind of foolishness at all. But as the, the head of the department, he could have had the right to have done the surgery with me as the assistant. But no, he insisted i I be the primary surgeon and that he would assist Back to the twins.


That was a t that was a 22 hour operation. It Was Were you operating for 22 hours straight For most of it. Part of the time the plastic surgeons were involved, but we did the lion's share. But a lot of people say, well how can you stay awake that long? But you're not going to sleep. It's like being in, in a jungle with a hungry tiger. You're not going to sleep until you get out of there. But after the operation, I was sitting in my office with one of the other neurosurgeons, we were discussing the case and we both fell asleep in mid-sentence and woke up three hours later Downstairs, I was having a conversation with her wife.


And she had brought up the fact that you, you had, how did she word it? Basically she was saying that you were operating outside of the law. Outside of what? Outside of the law. Outside of the law? I don't maybe, maybe in a specific case. Maybe. Maybe outside of tradition. Maybe Outside of tradition. Yeah. Never, never, never. Outside of the law, Outside of legal scope, maybe I don't, I don't know though. No, I don't think, do you Know what she's talking about? I don't know what she's talking about. Well, We certainly did things that were non-traditional and that would, would not be what other people would do.


That that may be what she was talking about. Well, we skipped ahead a couple of years. So I wanna rewind, where, where did you first meet your wife? Candy? We were both from Detroit, but we had to go to Yale to meet each other. And Your wife was at Yale as well? Yes, She was two years behind me. And I knew that she was a musician from a previous conversation and the church that I was going to needed an organist.


So I said, you know, would you like to come to our church and try out for Oregon? And she said, I haven't played for a while, but sure. And that didn't work out. But she started singing in the choir. And you know, that fall at Thanksgiving, we both wanted to go back home for Thanksgiving, but neither of us had the, the money to go back home for Thanksgiving. But the school said if you'll recruit for them, they will pay the expenses if you're going back home.


So we were able to go back home on Yale's dime, including their credit card. So we were able to go out and have dinner and lunch and you know, we kind of discovered that we liked each other. And when it was time to go back, you know, we had been out late that night and we had to drive all night to get the car back on time. It was a rental car and fell asleep on Interstate 80 at Youngstown, Ohio, going 90 miles an hour and awakened by the, by vibrations of the car as it was going off the road.


And I whipped the wheel and instead of the car going, bouncing down the ravine, it just started spinning like a top. They say before you die, you see a video reel of your life. I did. And figured we were dead. Car stopped on the lane next to the shoulder and I could pull off just as an 18 wheeler came bare length there. And we just said to each other, I think the Lord just saved our lives. And he obviously did that for a reason. He's got something for us to do.


And that was our first kiss and that's when we started going together. And that was on November the 28th, 1972. We celebrate the 28th of every month since then. Every month since then. Yep. Yeah. What do you guys do to celebrate? We may go out to dinner or have a special dinner or a special dessert, or just acknowledge the fact that we're still alive. How many months is that now? It's been about 600 months. Wow.


People would've forgotten about us a long time ago. When did you decide to get married? We got married in in July of 1975. Candy graduated in June of 75. We got married in July 75. How did you propose? You know, I don't remember specifically. I mean, we always knew that we were gonna get married. It just, there wasn't really any other consideration. Did Candy grow up in poverty as well?


Not as extreme as what I grew up in. You know, her mother was a school teacher, her father had a problem with alcohol, worked in a factory, so they were lower middle class, You know, being And and her father died while she was in high school. While She was in high school. Yeah.


Have you ever tried to find your father since eight years old? Oh yeah. No, we would occasionally have interaction with him. The last time I saw him was at my wedding, but, you know, we didn't have a lot of contact with him. He refused to pay alimony and you know, my mother would take him to court and he would say he was gonna pay and then he never would. And she finally just gave up on it and just said, I'll just work three jobs.


What was the, what was the typical interaction like between you and him? Usually relatively brief, but I, I remember one time he took us to see a, a movie, that kind of thing. Never any prolonged interactions, but, you know, I I wasn't angry with him, you know, I just didn't for a number of years understand what the relationship was. I didn't know that, I didn't know about his other family until some years after the, the divorce.


My mother kind of shielded us from that. But, you know, even though as a child I prayed all the time that they would get back together later on in life. I understood why God never answered that prayer in the affirmative. Because, you know, he was involved with, with drugs and alcohol and women and things that would not have been a good influence on me. I, You know, there's w there's a lot of kids growing up in poverty and a lot of people stuck in poverty today.


And, and you know, I I think, I think a lot of 'em don't s don't see a way out or maybe they're never even exposed to what, what else is out there, what it could be. I mean, I di I didn't grow up in poverty, but, but I have spent a lot of time in the military and contracting for the agency and it took me to some of the poorest places in the world. And you know, when, when, when, I've always been very fascinated with, with how people live and in extreme situations like that, or extreme to me.


And so, you know, being in Yemen or Afghanistan and seeing, seeing people that live like, it's almost like biblical times or, you know, haven't really evolved much for thousands of years, still living in mud huts, burning trash to keep warm. I mean, they don't, they don't really get the snapshot of what, you know, a typical w what western life is like. But some of 'em still make it out. And I, and I think, I mean, I don't know, but I would, I I I think it may be the same and, and, and poverty in the US maybe they don't get the snapshot of what they just think this is it, this is how it is, this is what it's like everywhere.


And, and is that, is, I mean, is that kind of what it's like? I think it's different for different people. It's a matter of perspective. You know, one of the things my mother used to do is, is take us to the homes that she cleaned and they were usually grand homes, beautiful neighborhoods. And then she'd bring us back to where we live and point out the drunk, sitting on the corner with a bag drinking out like the, like nobody knew what he was doing and she would say, you have a choice, you'd rather live there where I work or on that corner drinking from a bag.


And you know, she always pointed out those contrast and the fact that it's your choice. It's not, and nothing is written in stone that you have to go down one lane or the other. You get to make a choice. And understanding that I think made a huge difference for both myself and my brother. In fact, I always say, if, if everybody had my mother, I don't think we'd have any problems. And I think it's, it's so important, you know, for children no matter where they're born and no matter what their social circumstances, to see other perspectives.


You know, one of the things they do, for instance in New Zealand, which is sort of isolated out there in the ocean, is they require the children in their latter part of high school to go overseas somewhere to see other parts of the world and how people live and the poorest people in the United States live much better than a lot of people in the world. You know, my wife and I have been to 68 countries and we've lived overseas and we've seen a lot of stuff.


And it, it does make a big difference. Where did you live overseas Australia. What Were you doing there? Well, when I was chief resident in neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins, we had the grand opening of the Neuroscience Center. And since Hopkins is like the Martin birthplace of neurosurgery, all the big wigs from around the world were there, including one of the big wigs from Australia. And he took a liking to me and said, you should come to Australia to be our senior registrar at a major teaching hospital in Western Australia. And I said, Australia, you gotta be kidding.


I didn't say that out loud, that's what I was thinking. And I kind of poo-pooed the idea. And it seemed like every time I turned around there was somebody saying, good eye, Mike, how you going? I just kept running into Australians everywhere, and it seemed like they were really nice people. And every time we turned the TV on, there was a special on about Australia. And I said to Candy, I think the Lord wants us to go to Australia. So she started doing some research. She discovered that they, they did have a whites only policy, but it was an unofficial policy.


And it had officially been abolished in 1968, and that was 1983. So we said, yeah, we're gonna go to Australia. And off we went. Our friends were saying, you'll be back in three weeks. But little did they know, we only, we didn't have any more money, we couldn't come back. But, you know, the biggest problem was keeping up with all the dinner reputations. They love Americans. And, but it turned out to be a God thing because there were only four neurosurgical consultants in all of Western Australia. And once they discovered that I could operate, you know, they left me largely in charge of things at the major teaching hospital.


And they went out to the private hospitals. And I learned a lot from, from each one of them. There were things that they taught me that I had not learned at Hopkins, and, but I was doing multiple major craniotomies every day. I got an enormous amount of experience doing complex cases. And when I came back to Hopkins, the physician opened up for director of pediatric neurosurgery. Normally they would go out and get somebody with a lot of gray hair and a big resume.


But, you know, Dr. Long said, well, Ben is only 33 years old, but he can do everything. So I became chief pediatric neurosurgery at a very young age. And, but I had been prepared for that by going to Australia, 68 other countries. We have done a lot of traveling, Mostly vacation, professional life. A combination. Combination of, of both. Where's your favorite place?


United States of America. Stuck into that. Probably Australia. I enjoyed Australia a lot. We still have friends over there that we communicate with, and they've been over here to visit with us, but also enjoyed South Africa. I've been there several times. What brought you to South Africa? Separating twins. We, we separated a couple of sets of twins in South Africa.


Wow. You know, being a neurosurgeon, what, what are your thoughts on Neuralink? Well, you know, Elon Musk is an amazing person, and I think Neuralink has some real potential. Obviously it's in its infancy right now, but of course, any good thing, we always find a way to pervert it also. So we obviously are gonna have to be very careful with the way that we manipulate the human brain.


And it's the same thing with virtual reality and ai. Obviously there are wonderful things that can be done with them, but anytime you have a new technology, people are gonna try to use it in nefarious ways in order to enrich themselves. So we just have to be very careful. What are some ways that you think that Neuralink could become perverted Militarily?


You could program people to be without a conscience and to act without a conscience and to become killing machines. I think that's a real possibility. How would that work? You would basically be able to control their emotions and tell them what to do, and they would do it without second thoughts about it.


And, you know, they could be programmed to steal things, to do a whole bunch of things that people who are morally conscious would not do. What are some positives? You could create a lot of Mother Teresa's and people who would just be, be programmed to do good things and to always be looking out, you know, for others.


But you could also program people to become math wizards and very proficient at technical things. So, you know, I have mixed feelings about that kind of technology. And of course I don't think we even understand the possibilities of what we can do, but things like that, a lot of it will become more apparent as, as it's starting to be used.


Would you like to see it move forward? I would prefer to see us spend more time cultivating the best of people by bringing them up the right way. Having the right influences in their lives, bringing church and morality back, having a revival in our system, encouraging people to prepare themselves academically, creating the can-do attitude in America as opposed to the what can you do attitude, because I believe that the potential that exists in each human being is absolute enormous if it's cultivated the correct way.


I think anybody who has a normal brain can do almost anything if that brain is programmed in the appropriate way. You don't believe in limitations? Well, there probably are some limitations, but they're nowhere near as low as we place them. And I think you can take a, a, a normal child, I think you can make that person into a nuclear physicist. You just have to train 'em the right way. The brain has the capacity to do that.


Have you looked into some of the stuff that's going on with psychedelic therapy? No, I really haven't looked into that As far as treating traumatic brain injuries and addictions. And we haven't looked into that. No, no. I, I suspect there's probably some interesting things going on there though, that all they're doing is discovering some of the capacities, the hidden capacities of the brain. Why do you think, why are those hidden capacities coming out during when people are, are undergoing a psychedelic experience?


Because during those psychedelic experiences, some of the inhibitory forces that block things from happening are removed and you begin to see and experience things that you might otherwise not, some of which can be quite frightening and some of which can be very pleasant. Do you have any thoughts on should be move forward with researching that or, or, well, legalizing Doesn't really matter what I think about it.


They're gonna move forward. They can't resist. That's part of our, you know, they say curiosity, kill the cat. Well, we got a lot of curiosity and we're just gonna keep moving forward with all of these interventions of the human brain because it's a vast unexplored territory. It's the reason that I want to go into psychiatry and neurosurgery, because the brain is one of the last frontiers I had initially, I toyed a little bit with the idea of becoming a cardiothoracic surgery, and I said, we know almost everything there is to know already about the heart and the lungs.


We know nothing about the brain. And as a medical student, I said, you could probably make significant contributions in neuro, it'd be hard to do that in cardiac. Where does consciousness live? Well, it's in the brain. It's in the human brain. It is not something that obviously we've been able to quantitate or, or understand completely.


But it is clearly there. It's at a different level, I think, in human beings than it is in animals. And I think it's one of the mechanisms that allows us to communicate with God. Animals I don't think necessarily have the ability to do that. And I don't think that we utilize our consciousness anywhere close to its capacity.


I think a, a human brain that was functioning at capacity would be capable of things that are unimaginable to us. Do you think all consciousness is located inside the brain, or do you think it Yeah, I, I mean it's, I don't know how it emanates from the brain and how far it goes, but you know, you've seen it, people who have the ability to, if there was a fork on that table over there, cause it to move without actually touching it, they've somehow managed to do that.


That's part of their stream of consciousness that has control of the environment. And it's something that we have very little understanding of. And you know, there are people like Js Bach, think about all the music that he was able to produce, incredible. To be able to do a new mass or a new cantata in a matter of days.


You'd think of somebody like George Frederick Handel to produce the Messiah in three weeks. That's just incredible. How did they do that? It's hard to explain. What do you find most fascinating about the human mind? I think the ability for it to, to change people's lives. The fact that you can take somebody who is moving in the wrong direction and they can undergo a conversion experience that makes them into a different person.


But are they really a different person? They have the same arms and legs and the heart and lung, but it's the, it's the brain, it's the mind that has changed them, that has made them into a different person. No other part of the body does that, that's why we spend so much time, my wife and I, trying to provide opportunities for children. That's why we created the Carson Scholars Fund. That's why we have a little Patriots component of the American Cornerstone Institute because we know that if, if you can positively affect the mind, the brain of a young person, you can change the trajectory of their life.


Let's move into politics. So what, what was it, I mean, you obviously had a extremely successful career in the medical field, And so what, what was it that, why did you feel called to leave that and to get into politics? Well, you know, somebody told me that neurosurgeons die early and I didn't believe it. So I wrote down the name of the 10, the last 10 neurosurgeons that I knew who died.


And I calculate the average age of death. And it was 61. And I said, I'm gonna retire when I turn 61 if I'm still alive. Well, that same year I was asked to speak at the presidential prayer breakfast as the keynote speaker, which I thought was very strange because I had spoken at the National Prayer of Breakfast in 1997 when Bill Clinton was president. I didn't know anybody ever did it twice. But I did some research and found out that there was one person who had done it twice, and that was Billy Graham.


And I said, that's pretty good company. So I agreed to do it. And after that speech, everybody was saying, you should run for president. I said, these people are crazy. Why would I do something like that? And, but I figured if I just ignored them, it would go away. But it didn't go away every place I went, there were people at placards. Ron, Ben Ron had over 500,000 petitions in my office. And I finally just said, Lord, you know, I don't want to run for president, but if you really want me to, you have to give me all the things that a person who wants for president has a Rolodex with all the important names, an organization, a lot of money.


Next thing I knew, all those things were there. Our organization was raising more money than the RNC. And it was a fascinating experience. As I got out on the road, traveled to the smallest little hamlets in Tennessee or Alabama to the largest cities, I was impressed by the fact that most of the American populace has common sense. But I was disappointed that most of them did not have courage. Those people were not willing to stand up for what they believed in.


They wanted to go along to get along. They didn't want to be canceled. And I realized that that was a problem for our country. How old did you figure that out? How did you figure out that The majority of people don't have courage By, by talking to them, by asking them, why aren't you doing something about this? Because people realized that our country was moving in the wrong direction, but very few people were willing to do anything about it, to stand up for it. That's in the process of changing.


We saw the manifestation of that in this last election, but it required a lot of people to be out there beating the bushes. And that's why we were out there beating the bushes. And we'll continue to do so because we still have ways to go. We're a heavily divided country and we've lost a lot of our moral compass. You know, things like traditional marriage are not occurring anymore or, or occurring late.


We're not having children. In 1960, the average woman had 3.6 children. Now we're down to 1.6. That's a problem. You know, in terms of traditional nuclear families, all you have to do is look at television for five minutes. Any new series that comes on before they introduce an alternative to the traditional nuclear family, the values, all of our values are being questioned and people are being driven apart.


What happens if we continue down the trajectory of a 1.6 birth rate per family? What is the math on that? Well, we've become irrelevant. How fast, Hard to say, but probably pretty quickly. You, you see how, how much we've changed as a country just in the last 30 years. Things are going on now that no one would've imagined 30 years ago. And sometimes the country is hardly recognizable anymore.


But I don't think that's the way that the majority of Americans want it to be. And one of the things that we've been trying to do is get people to wake up, particularly people of faith. It doesn't have to be that we're denigrating marriage anymore. It doesn't have to be that we're mutilating little children and taking advantage of the fact that they're very suggestible and very curious and doing things to them that will ruin their lives forever.


Those things don't have to be, we don't have to have men playing in women's sports. All of these things are eroding our moral Fabric. And that's exactly what those who wanna fundamentally change us want. If you look at the congressional record from January the 10th, 1963, Congressman Herlong of Florida read into the congressional record, the 45 goals of Communism in America. And they included all of those things gaining control of the schools and the teacher union. So you can indoctrinate the kids, gaining control of the media and Hollywood.


So you change the culture of America, making sexual perversion normal, natural and healthy, denigrating the role of the family, elevating the role of government. It's all in there. And we need to understand that we are under attack and we have to fight back. Who do you think is orchestrating all of this? There have been people who have been opposed to the American way and American values since the very beginning.


The Europeans thought that we were crazy. They said, you can't run a nation on the will of the people. You have to have a monarch. You have to have a ruler. But in today's world, we have to condemn, contend with the factions that still believe that socialism and communism is a better way of life. That you give control of your life over to others who will guarantee that they will take care of you from the cradle to the grave. Even though it's never worked anywhere else, there's still those who push that and will continue to push it.


And they've gained a lot of momentum. You can see how a lot of the college students seem to be taking that as something that is good. And I don't think that they really understand what socialism and communism is, and they don't really understand how good they have it in this country and what the opportunities are in this country for success. But we have to continue to fight that fight and bring people to the point where they actually will look at the data, we'll look at what has happened historically, we'll look around them and see who really has their best interest in mind and who is utilizing them.


And I think that's a fight that's worth engaging in. What do you think the most effective way to fight this is? Education. One of the things that you'll notice that the leftists in this country do is they shield people from information. You'll notice that the mainstream media did a very good job of keeping people away from the knowledge of what was going on.


I remember coming back from the airport and I asked the limo driver what his thoughts were about Hunter Biden's computer, his laptop. He'd know anything about it. 'cause you know, he listens to the wrong news sources, didn't know. It was a complete shock to hear, to hear about that. And a lot of these children that you see on these campuses rallying for Hamas and against Israel, they don't know anything. They're shouting about the river to the sea.


They don't know what river, they don't know what sea. They don't know what the whole conflict is all about. They are manipulated because they're ignorant. And ignorance is bliss for the left because ignorant people are easy to manipulate. What about raising your kids? What about, I mean, I, I don't know. I think that one of the ways that I think it's gonna be a long turnaround, you know, if we turn it around, it seems like we're doing, you know, making leaps and bounds right now. But we've seen that pendulum swing really far right and really far left.


That doesn't seem to see much balance. Right. And so it's, I guess what I'm saying is I believe it's a generational fight. And just, you have three sons. How old are your sons? 41, 39, and 37. Do they have kids? They all have children. Yep. And I feel like that a lot of parents have abandoned their parental responsibilities for social media That has happened.


They give their kids the phone, the phone raises, the kid keeps 'em occupied so that the parent can be on the phone. And I mean, I I, to me it seems, you know, we need to get back to raising your kids, pouring into them, giving them everything you have, teaching them the values, not handing them the phone and, and No question about it. And that, that's the, the reason that my, my wife and I wrote our last book, the Perilous Fight, the Attack on the American Family, combating it.


And we talk about the fact that parents have to take back that responsibility. You can't leave that to the rest of the world, including social media, where you will suffer the consequences of it. You know, we only have one grandchild right now who's in adolescence, but you know, she's wanting a cell phone and the, the parents are not giving her one. They say maybe a flip phone, but they fully recognize the deleterious effects of social media, which has other objectives rather than raising patriotic, successful individuals.


I'm curious to know, you know, what, what is, what is your best piece of advice on just being a good father? Well, the very best piece of advice would be to strengthen your relationship with God. You know, I, I don't want to preach, but I have a very strong faith in God. And he's answered so many of my requests, including a request for wisdom and direction.


When sometimes the way looks murky, which way to go, he's never let me down. But when you have that relationship with God, it automatically improves your relationship with other people, including your spouse and your children. And you begin to understand the responsibilities that you have, particularly as a role model, as a protector, as a provider. And so how do they build that relationship with God?


I mean, I just figured it out about a year and a half ago and it's totally changed my life. Yeah. But I think for people that, I think for people that are new to it, they need a little bit more than strength in the relationship. How do they communicate with God? How do they build a relationship with God? Well, God tells you in the Bible, he says, you'll find me when you seek me with all your heart. You gotta look for him. He's not gonna force himself on you, but the word is there.


There are other people there. But if you are looking earnestly for that relationship, you'll find it. There's no one size fits all. You just have to know that you want it and to seek it. And I need to seat the bathroom once again. All right.


Can you believe it's 2025? I'm amazed every year to see how much my kids have grown. Take the guesswork out of planning your family's financial security like I did with Fabric by Gerber Life. I've been telling you in its true Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day Fabric works for me because there's no risk. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Fabric is more than life insurance, free digital wills and more. And manage it all right from your phone. Join the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just minutes at meat Fabric dot com slash sean. That's meat Fabric dot com slash sean. MEET Fabric dot com slash sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


I used to wonder how to truly wake up feeling refreshed in the morning with the energy to hit my days head on. And I finally found that using Helix Mattress, it really helps me settle into the deep sleep I need every night that I could never get with any of my old mattresses. Sleeping on a Helix mattress helps me feel recharged every day, and it's made such a huge difference in my life. If you are wanting to experience the best night's sleep every night, go to Helix sleep.com/ss. They can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences help you if you have snoring issues, if you're sleeping too hot, or if you need extra back support. So many of my listeners are getting the best sleep of their lives with Helix, high quality, breathable, and full body supporting mattresses. Go to Helix sleep.com/ss right now for 20% off sitewide. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off. Sitewide Helix sleep.com/ss.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter. And the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


All right, we're back from the break. And we were talking about, we're talking about faith. We were talking about how to find God, where to look, stuff like that. Let's get back into some politics stuff. So when you decided to run for president, we'd already kind of established earlier that criticism doesn't bother you. You paid no attention to it. Did you have any fear of the smear campaigns or anything like that for, for your family's sake? Was that a big decision for you? Well, you know, my wife wasn't particularly enthusi about enthusiastic at first until the grandchildren started coming along.


And then she realized that we have to do this for their sake, for the future possibilities. And certainly you don't want your family to be adversely affected. And you know, particularly one of my sons is very entrepreneurial. We don't want his opportunities to be affected. But I think we all came to the understanding that we're working for the wellbeing of our country and sometimes you have to sacrifice in order to do that.


How long did it take for her to get on board with you? It didn't take very long. Once the grandchildren started popping out, I remember it was the, it was the presidential debate in 2016 when the announcer skipped over your name and Donald Trump waited and walked out with you. It looked like you guys were having some type of a conversation. Well, you know, that really showed what kind of person he is because all the others gleefully walked by.


And he came and stood by me and waited until the situation was rectified. He also was the only other, other candidates who complained to the media that they weren't asking any questions. Everybody else was glad they weren't asking me questions. Why weren't they asking any questions? I don't know. I think maybe they were afraid to give me too much attention. Why? Because they knew that I had good answers.


You know, they complained, they said, you don't know enough about foreign affairs. I did a one hour press conference in South Carolina with all the major media. There were a lot of them there. Answered every single question. They never said a thing about it. What is it about you, you think that they did not want you in there? I think they were afraid that particularly a lot of the people that they count on, many of the minorities and disadvantaged people would identify with me.


And it would impact their base in a very negative way for them. Probably really onto something there. What, what, what, you know, there's more, it seems like, I hope so, but seems like more and more good people are starting to get into politics. I'm not saying a lot, but I, I, a lot of my veteran friends are starting to get involved. I've thought about getting involved.


I think I have a bigger impact doing what I'm doing now than I ever would running for office. But, but I see them doing it. My good friend Eli Crane, he's in there. Yeah, I mean there's a lot of veterans, you know, getting involved. And so I'm curious, what, what advice do you have for anybody who wants to get involved and wants to run? I mean, 'cause it is also, I mean it's, I mean it's a daunting task. I mean, it seems like you're going up against the impossible.


Well, you know, first of all, recognized that our nation was formed of, formed by the people. And that the, the government works with the people, not the other way around. And I think many people are starting to come to that understanding now, many of these people that you just talked about who are running, it takes a lot of courage to do it. You have to be willing to sacrifice yourself and your family. There's no question about that.


But the rewards are also great and that you bring the issues to the forefront if you're a good politician and you really work on behalf of the people. Fully recognizing that there are many people in the system who are not good people, who are doing things only to enhance their own position, to enhance their own wealth. It's no coincidence that many of the people who get into our government come in as people of moderate means.


And, and as multimillionaires on the salary of a government worker, obviously there's some things going on there that aren't kosher. But to be on the other side of that, to actually represent the people is it is a great thing. And it's why we've been able to survive all of this time. As you remember, Ben Franklin, after the 1787 Constitutional Convention was asked, sir, what do we have here?


A monarchy or republic? He said, A republic. If you can keep it, the only way we can keep it is to have people who are willing to undergo that self-sacrifice and to make themselves truly the representatives of that, which is good for the people. You got involved, well, you didn't get involved. You walked into the HUD with no government experience. Can you tell us a little bit about what, what, what that was like? How long did it take you to get I settlement?


I got a lot of government experience very quickly because it was eight months before I had a deputy secretary. It was five months before I had any assistant secretaries. So every day was like drinking from the fire hydrant. And I didn't have a lot of buffer in between. So you had to learn stuff very, very quickly. And there were some people early on who were not the best people, let's just put it that way. But once we got our assistant secretary and deputy secretary in place and surrounded ourselves with very confident and good people, we were able to move very rapidly.


As I mentioned earlier, the fiscal situation was pretty bad when I got there. No audits for eight years. And you'll always heard these horrible stories about the fiscal mismanagement at HUD and how money was missing and nobody knew where it was. You probably noticed that stopped about a year and a half until the Trump administration, because we got it all straightened out. We were able to get Irv Dennis, who was a senior at Ernst and Young senior partner.


And he was reluctant at first, but we bugged him until he finally agreed to come and to get the stuff under control. It made a huge difference once we were able to do that. And you know, the real key for a secretary of any of the agencies is not necessarily to know everything, but it's to put people around you who together know everything and to work closely with them and you know, to be able to take information and to use it in an effective way.


And that's, that's where wisdom comes. I'd rather have somebody who's very wise than somebody who's a know it all and it's not wise. You said poverty is a state of mind and that ruffled a lot of feathers. How did you, I mean, did I guess maybe, I guess maybe it didn't bother you 'cause you don't respond to criticism so Well. You know, if you have a Victor's men's mentality, it doesn't matter what happens to you, you'll rise to the top. You know, they can take everything away from you and you'll go from the C-Suite to the street.


But if you have a Victor's mentality, you'll be right back up there. Before long. If you have a victim's mentality, I can dust you off and put a three piece suit on you and put you in the C street and you'll find your way back down. That's what I meant by that. So let's talk about what you're doing now. We started talking about some of the stuff, but tell me about the American cornerstone. Well, you know, as I mentioned before, I decided I want to retire at 61. I failed that retirement, but after the first Trump administration, I said, this time I'm really gonna be the retire.


But it wasn't many weeks after that election, seeing the direction that we were going in with the Biden administration, I said, I can't have any fun playing golf all day and cruising around the world and watching my country go down to tubes. So myself and some very talented people from HUD started the American Cornerstone Institute, which emphasizes the cornerstone principles that made us into a great country. You know, we didn't go from a bunch of rag tag milman to the pinnacle of the world by accident. It was because of what we believed in. And that was our faith, which teaches us how to relate to each other.


Our Judeo-Christian values. Say, love your neighbor, not cancel your neighbor if they have a different yard sign or you disagree with them, but love your neighbor. The second cornerstone being liberty, the freedom to live the life that you want to live one way or the other, as long as it doesn't interfere with other people. And that liberty is what has attracted so many people from all over the world. And those who try to say that, that we're a horrible country, that we're racist systemically, that we don't treat people fairly. If that were true, why would all these people be trying to get in here?


Obviously that's not true. And then the next cornerstone is community. You know, the ability to live together, to work together, to be happy together. That was one of the things that gave America a huge advantage. And one of the reasons that we rose to the top so quickly. And if we abandon that sense of community, we will sink just as rapidly. And then the fourth cornerstone life honoring life from the womb to the tomb.


And that means not only being pro-life and respecting what God has created, but also caring about those people on the street, many of whom are drug addicts, many of whom are mentally ill, can't take care of themselves. We have a responsibility to deal with that. And it can't be just housing first. 90% of those people end up back on the street. It has to be also housing. Second, why are they on the street and housing Third, fix it. You know, most of those drug addicts who are out there, if they could push a button and they wouldn't be a drug addict anymore, they wear that button out.


But it's not that simple. And we have to, we have to be willing to deal with that. We were in fact on the verge of a very exciting program in Los Angeles. I was working with Garcetti, who was the mayor with Newsom, the government governor with several other county executives to basically take care of the homelessness problem. And I think it would've worked. But just before we pulled the trigger, guess what happened, COVID, everything was off the table.


But I do believe it is very possible for Democrats and Republicans to work together to solve these problems. How were you gonna tackle that problem? Basically by using some of the government land. And in California at that time, there was a $200 billion surplus. They've squandered it now to provide some of the ancillary services, particularly for the mentally ill. I talked to the head of the American Psychiatric Society. He said the vast majority of those people with regular counseling here and medications can become very functional.


And the same thing with the drug addicts. But if you don't provide the ancillary services, it'll never happen. And you just continue to accumulate more and more of those individuals. And the other thing that we would do is relax many of the regulations that prevent you from doing that. Does California have the highest homeless population? The largest homeless population? Yes. And the majority of 'em are mentally ill About anywhere from 40 to 60% are there because of mental illness or drug addiction.


Why do you think there's such a high concentration of mentally ill in that state? Well consider the population that they have, you know, 30 plus million people, you know, that's 10% of our population. So that's why they have the, the highest numbers. I don't think there's anything special about California other than the fact that they tolerate a lot of stuff and they don't necessarily prosecute the people who distribute the drugs vigorously.


How are you getting the message out about American Cornerstone? I do a lot of lectures. We have a very significant social media presence, and that's primarily the way we get it out. Where do you do the lectures? All over the country. And I talk about it and many of the venues we go to, I'll talk about it tomorrow night in South Carolina. I'll talk about it next week. In the places where we are doing things for Charlie Kirk's organization.


I've been very impressed with the young people at the various universities with the Turning Point program. They're very interested in what we're talking about. Do you talk about this in improv neighborhoods at all? In what? In in, in, in lower income neighborhoods, People from lower income neighborhoods are able to come to the talks. They Are in many cases, yes. And then I had done a number of things that are on the internet that, or on YouTube that they have access to.


What's the response been? I get a lot of letters and correspondence from people who are very grateful and that's why we keep doing it. It would be much easier just to sit back and relax and put our feet up. Well, Dr. Carson, it's been an honor to talk to you here. And so I kind of wanna close this out, but in closing, what, what would you like to see the majority of Americans do?


What's the one thing I would like for them to recognize that we are not enemies. WANE Wayne, we are not enemies. Don't allow anybody to make you think that just because somebody disagrees with you that they're your enemy. Our strength in the past has come from the fact that we have learned to overcome our differences and work together. And if we can bring that sense back, our strength will be unlimited. Why aren't you gonna be in President Trump's cabinet this time around?


Well, president Trump and I are, are still in communication, but you know, I strongly feel that we need to move aside people who are older and push forward, people who are younger because does it make a lot of sense for somebody who's probably not gonna be around in 20 years to be making policies that will impact people who will be here 20, 30, 40 years from now? I think you can work very well in the background as an advisor and a consultant.


I mean, I would agree with that, but on the same token, you've got a lot of wisdom that younger people don't have yet. And that's, But we dis extremely important. We disseminate that and sort of like yourself, what we're doing with American Cornerstone, what Carson Scholars and various other endeavors, I think is very supportive of the administration and what they're doing. So I still encourage people to go into government. One of the components of American cornerstone is something we call the Executive branch for America.


And it's an online course that you can take that will teach you how the government works, all the ins and outs, how a bill becomes a bill, how finances are managed by the government, all the various intricacy. Why? Why is that so important? Because if you go into government or you're one of the government staffers, it usually takes you a year to get acclimated to what's going on by taking this online course free of charge.


By the way, you can hit the ground running and we need more conservatives in the federal government who actually know how things work. How do you think the first couple months of the new administration's going? I'm enthusiastic seeing people actually getting involved with trimming the fat. Those who are having the fat trimmed or screaming like, wow pigs. But you know, if we don't do this, we're gonna go bankrupt.


And the quality of everybody's life will suffer enormously. If that's the case, some people are able to see that and able to understand that and some people are not. But I think we're making good progress. I think so too. I'm very hopeful. Well, Dr. Carson, Thank you so much. Well, Thank you for having me. Thank you for being My pleasure. Thank you. So best of luck to you. Thank you. Thank You.


Michael Rosenbaum and his small Bill costars take you behind the scenes of one of the greatest shows of all time. We're gonna watch every episode, join us. It's Big talk. You remember when I had to shave my head? Oh, I think I was angry with this one on Smallville. Yeah, I mean, I get it. The scene you did and this is the one that got me fired. Okay, what? Here we go. I love the excursions with me and welling. It's everything that Superman stands for. It's ville ville. We always talk about it. It's a great thing. The Smallville Rewatch Podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.