
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Scott Poteet, Welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. This is, this is quite a, quite an experience, so Thank you. Yeah, you know, we been looking forward to this. We met at inauguration and had a quick, I don't know, maybe 15 minute conversation there. And I've always wanted to have an astronaut on the show, so, so yeah, Thank you for coming. Absolutely. There's only, there's only like six, six or seven 50 or six 50 astronauts have gone into space. So blessed to have that opportunity and just excited to talk about it. Yeah, me too. Me too. But, So I wanna do a life story on ya and talk about your time in the Air Force, your childhood, get into space, and then who knows what kind of rabbit holes we'll go down here, but, but yeah, like I said, Thank you for coming and I'm, I'm looking forward to this.


So everybody starts off with an introduction here. So, Scott Kidd, Poteet, born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. You grew up in New Hampshire earning a bachelor's in outdoor education from the University of New Hampshire before diving headfirst into the Air Force. You're a retired US Air Force Lieutenant Colonel, with over 20 years of service where you logged more than 3,200 flight hours in aircraft like F sixteens, a fours, and T 30 eights. Over 400 of those hours were in combat supporting operations. Like Northern Watch, Southern Watch, joint Guardian Freedoms, Sentinel and Resolute Support.


You commanded the 64th Aggressor Squadron, graduated from the elite USAF Weapons School. Basically the Air Force's version of Top Gun and even flu is the number four demonstration pilot with the Thunderbirds. You then went into the private sector serving as director of Business Development at Drake and International. And later as Vice President of Strategic at Shift four Payments, you were the mission director for inspiration for the world's first all civilian space flight in 2021. You also suited up as the mission pilot for Polaris Dawn in 2024, a SpaceX mission that took you nearly 900 miles above Earth.


The farthest humans have traveled since Apollo and included the first ever commercial spacewalk. You're a triathlete who has completed, who has competed in 15 Ironman races, including four World Championships in Kona. Now you live in New Hampshire with your wife, Kristin, and your three children. And most importantly, out of everything we mentioned, you're a Christian. Amen. So Welcome to the show once again. If you watch, you know, everybody gets a gift, use these on your next Iron Man. I will. I appreciate That. Vigilance, lead gummy bears.


I'll give you a couple more of those to take home. Yeah, those are hard to come by. And they're made in the USA And still legal at all 50. They're still legal. We haven't made any changes yet, but I don't think we're going to either. But then, so I have just one more thing before we really get we get going here. So I have a Patreon account. Patreon is, it's, it's a subscription online community. They have been with us here since the beginning when I was doing this in my attic, when we couldn't get any advertisers any way to make money. And they were the ones that, like, they're the ones that supported us, that, that, that got us everything from the cameras to the employees to moving into this, to, to everything.


And so one of the things I do in, in that community is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And they had some good questions. I know It's the most nerve wracking question. I'm sure. So this one's from me. Oh, no. Is that legal? I'm part of the community too. And so this one's from me. Is that because no one asked a question? Oh, no, No. There's The Original question. I'll ask you two. Okay. But I'm gonna ask mine first. 'cause I've been dying to talk to an astronaut about this. 'cause we do dive into some conspiracies here, as you know.


Did we go to the moon or what? I've been wanting to talk to an astronaut about this for a, there it is. We have not been back to the moon since 1969. What? Why haven't we gone back 69? Why? Oh man. I think we just shifted our focus as a, as a country. You know, NASA had different priorities once we went to the moon, which I do believe we have. You do think we did. I do. I do. I I don't know. I mean, I would imagine there would've been a lot more leaks out there.


Yeah, I'm with you. I think about that. It's really hard to keep that big of a secret. Yeah. Yeah. But why haven't we gone back? I mean, we don't, we don't just go anywhere and then like, oh, fuck it. There's nothing here. I don't, I don't think we need to come back to the boom. We, we walked on it for five minutes and we're out. There's nothing to see here. Yeah. Like, really Gimme a break. It's not easy. There's a sequence of miracles that that happen. I mean, think about the, the computer power of what they had back in the public program. We had more in our iPhones these days. So it wasn't an easy task. And then once it was accomplished, you know, in my opinion, I, you know, the, the, the focus shift to low earth orbit, you know, building a station, accomplish the science and research that has been the focus for the last few decades.


Amazing things have come out of that. And you, you can do a lot more at, at zero gravity and with the science and research. And we, we experienced that on our mission with our 40, 40 experiments that we had lined up. And that's just, you know, let's build out the station. Let's, let's explore low earth orbit. And now that we've kind of made this new shift with a opening up a new chapter in commercial space exploration, you know, allowing these companies and organizations to, to kind of go off on these new tangents and, and explore. We're not only gonna address low earth orbit over the next, you know, coming years.


It's, it's all about, okay, let's go back to the moon, the lunar surface, and let's go to Mars. 'cause it's human nature to explore in curiosity. And, and oh, by the way, we can benefit life on earth. So, you know, bottom line, I think it's just a focus. And now that we kinda shift and let's do more because we can re usability and technology's improving. But it's a, it's a heavy lift. It's, it's not easy. Otherwise we would've, you know, knocked it out in a couple years. It's, we're still a couple years away. Yeah. You know, I don't know what to think. It's just, what is that, 1969 to the, what is that?


50? I'm 51. It's 73. So that's an extra four. It's 55. Yeah. Like 56 years. Yeah. 56 years. We have not gone back. That's just odd to me. That's really odd. Yeah. But whatever. So you think we did? I think we did. All right. Alright. When do you think we'll be back? Are we going back? Well, yes. I mean, Elon wants to go to Mars. We're the, the, the, the plan is two back to the lunar surface and two and Mars and four Back in two, in two years back two. Yeah. I, I do think that's, you know, that's realistic.


Like I said, there's, there's a lot of things that need to be solved and NASA's doing amazing work to get us there with the partnerships and collaborations with, with SpaceX and other organizations. But we gotta figure out how it's gonna be done and done safely. 'cause it's like, with our mission, it was, it was a no fail, otherwise we're gonna set back these programs years if something catastrophic happens. Yeah. And the public's not willing, you know, the risk we took back in the day, you know, the fifties and sixties was a lot, a lot, a lot more significant than we're willing to accept these days. And, you know, we're, we're kind of risk averse and it can be a positive and a negative, you know, to some extent.


'cause it can be paralysis through analysis at some point. We gotta put up, shut up and go. It seems like civilian space exploration is like really going, it becoming a lot more advanced than nasa. It's, it's, it's almost seems like it's, it's well beyond what NASA can do. Am I, am I off on that? I mean, isn't SpaceX going up to rescue the NASA guys that have been stuck in space for like eight months? You're Starting off with the tricky ones.


It it's a, it's a partnership for sure. NASA's they do this for 11, they've been doing it for decades, 60 plus years, whatever it's been. It's, and we typically always wanna make sure that we never lose sight of, of these accomplishments. You know, we're standing on the shoulders of giants of what they've been able to accomplish. And we, meaning commercial space collectively would not be where we're at without everything they've been able to accomplish and moving forward. It is definitely a partnership. Is a one way partnership or is it a two way point? I mean, the government isn't great at, you know, sharing. I'm just, I'm just, you know, is it really?


I think it's two way. I mean, just look at our program, you know, we did the first commercial spacewalk to do that. We, SpaceX wanted to develop a brand new EVA suit, extra vehicular activity, do a spacewalk. And that's never been done in over 40 years. The, the NASA has the EMU suit that they currently use. SpaceX is gonna figure it out on, on their own. So they took their baseline suit, the IVA suit, the one they currently wear to and from the space station in a very, you know, less than three years, two and a half year time span, took that suit and developed the, the what we wore, which is more or less the prototype EVA suit. Now to do that on a very streamlined budget, not a, you know, a multi-billion dollar program.


You know, they, they monster garage this thing to develop a suit that is extremely viable and, and will be, you know, the, the baseline going forward as far as what they're gonna develop regarding a suit with humans bouncing on the, the surface of the moon and and Mars. And in capacity, not a handful of suits like, like NASA has. This is the concept is, you know, these starships are gonna launch hundreds of passengers, you know, and Elon's vision, he stated in the past three of these a day with full of passengers going either to the low, low earth orbit to a station, to the moon, to Mars.


You know, it's sci-fi. But, but that's what we're accomplishing and that's what SpaceX is accomplishing and other organizations are accomplishing. 'cause I, you know, when I got involved with this program years ago, I didn't really understand the, the concept of boosters landing on their own chopsticks, catching boosters, reusability. I'm like, there's no way this is like, this is farfetched. But look at us. I mean, tonight test eight is launching in Starship. And each time they launch, they're learning new things. You know, it, it might not land successfully in the ocean Indian ocean, but it certainly well could.


And they're gonna catch the booster with the chopsticks. And this is just a next step to achieve that ultimate goal of, of multiple launches daily going to the moon, going Mars. Why, why do you think the, why do we wanna bring hundreds of passengers into space? Why not? I mean, it depends on who you ask on, on what you believe and, you know, justifying these significant projects and programs. But, you know, we certainly aren't good stewards of our planet. We haven't been, Whether you wanna call this an insurance policy or, or you want to go down the, the curiosity route of let's explore 'cause who knows what's out there and are those resources that we could capitalize on, you know, the population issues, the climate issues, you know, when is it gonna make a turn for the worst?


An asteroid, you know, they're talking about 20, 24, whatever asteroid name they have, it's supposed to, you know, a probability of five, 6%. And, and by 2032, don't quote me on these numbers, but that's catastrophic to certain parts of the, of the planet. So again, it's like, if we have the opportunity and the resources and the intellect to pursue some of these goals, why not? Hey, I'm not against it. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I don't have anybody to talk to this stuff about. Yeah. That's been up there. So I think it's, it's just a fascinating subject.


I mean we haven't, I mean we haven't found any water or anything on Mars. Have we, I or frozen, we found frozen water or anything on Mars? I don't know. Yeah, I, Yeah, I mean it's just, it is interesting. I mean, how would we sustain there with no nothing? We don't know. We don't really know anything. Do we know anything?


I'm always on the lookout for ways to get healthier. Especially now. That's why I am so glad I discovered Arm a colostrum Armor A colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely life-changing benefits. Tens of thousands of five star reviews and transformational stories. Armor Up colostrum is a proprietary concentrated bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health for thousands of research backed health benefits. Armor colostrum can help strengthen immunity and gut health, help improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/ss or enter SS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mr.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. A these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute for or alternative to seeking care for your healthcare providers.


Want to help optimize your life? Bond Charge is a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products designed to help you perform better. And they've got your wellness covered. My wife tried their red light face mask and it has been a game changer. It's now part of her nightly routine and it could help you with reducing wrinkles and wound healing. Just use it 10 to 20 minutes a day while you're winding down. Their mask can help remove sleep. Disturbing blue and green light offers both near infrared and red light in one device and has zero EMF radiation or Flicker plus its lightweight and comes with a one year warranty. Bond charge ships worldwide and has incredible products like EMF protection gear and infrared sauna blankets. There's a 12 month warranty on the red light therapy devices ready to feel better. Go to bond charge.com/ss and USE CODE SRS to save 15%. That's BON cge.com/ss and use the coupon code SRS to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


We got a couple of robots running around there, but I mean, Just landed on the, the moon with another robot company. So they're, they're trying, I mean it's all about exploration. We did it decades ago with exploring countries and across oceans. So yeah, it's Not Too much far off That. Have we found anything significant that, that would help sustain human life on the moon or Mars that you're aware Of? Not that I'm aware of. I mean, it's gonna re rely upon innovative technologies to figure out how we, you know, 'cause it, it can't be a one, in my opinion, this can't be a one way mission to Mars. Yeah.


And it's eight months to get there and it's eight months home. And however long you need to do, do the mission on the surface. Eight months. It's eight months. Yeah. I think that's, it's A long car ride buddy. It's a long Car ride. Well the volume of these vehicles are, are pretty big. It's a lot bigger than what we lived in and which is a lot bigger than, you know what, they went to the moon. Yeah. And How long did it take 'em to get to the moon? I think it was two and a half, four and a half days. A couple days. Yeah. Traveling 25,000 miles an hour to escape gravitational pole. Damn. Damn.


Alright, we'll move on. This is from Brian. How did you get your call sign when you got named at your first squadron and during your time flying the F 16, did you ever fly any cast mission supporting JTE on the ground? Love the JTE. That was my favorite mission, was working with the, with you guys seals, three letter identifiers. Those were the best missions. 'cause you're, you're SMT as you're, you're supporting your brothers and sisters on the, on the ground doing the mission. So to answer the second question, yes, I did a lot of casts.


I flew the F 16 for 20 years and it's a multi role platform. So you do air, air and you know this, it's the jack of all trades, master of none. So you're constantly dabbling in all these different modalities and, and mission sets. But the reason why I chose the F 16 was for the underground missions and, and specifically the cas. In fact, my last assignment was Aviano Airbase in Italy. We deployed to Afghanistan doing resolute support and Freedom Sentinel, doing counter-terrorism missions, dropping, dropping bombs and working with, working with you guys and, and other agencies. And that was by far the, the highlight of my career.


Sure. What what year was that? That was 15. Oh, nice. So it was kind of the height, height of isis. There wasn't much of that presence. It was more Al-Qaeda. But we were just, you know, working our, our way up the chain looking for high value targets, trying to beat out the predators. 'cause the, that was when the predator was, was kind of making, its its big push on unemployment. Very, very accurate platform. In fact, when I went through weapons school, top gun school, and that was the focus of my, my thesis was integrating cast missions with, with f sixteens and pre, that's a long story, but to answer his question, yeah, a lot of missions with JTA CS controllers doing cast call, sign, call, sign.


So it's Kidd, it's KIDD two Ds. I was, when you go through your career, it's usually something you f up, you screw up or play off your name. So I got call signs like Pooter, which kind of play off Poteet. I had Biff for a while, then I had money, the movie Swingers back in the nineties. And then I ended up getting married. So I was no longer money. I was kind of a small change. You weren't a swinger anymore. I was never a swinger. Okay. I'm just messing with you clarification. But I lost the call sign money and then I got named kid and, and every fighter squadron and how you get your call sign, it's the naming ceremony is, is always different.


And I was in the triple nickel five 55th fighter squadron, very historic Robin Les from the Vietnam War, the best fighter squadron in the, in the air force. How we did the ceremony is you're kicked out so they can talk about you just, usually it's a drink fest. So you don't really hear the reasons why you get named until you, you get brought back into the ceremony and they've selected a couple different stories of why there's usually one that's pg that's releasable and then there's another reason why. So the releasable story is that kid, I looked young back in the day, my first name is actually William.


So Billy, the kid, there was already a kid in the sister squad on the five 10th, the buzzards, but he was KID so they added a, an extra d and there's there's other reasons why it ended up being kid that unfortunately, come on. Yeah. The other reasons Come on This was, this was JD, Jack Daniels. I might be able to, Well we got, we got plenty. All right. All right. I won't brush up, but, alright, so let's move into the life story here. So I know you, you were born here in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Chattanooga, When did you, when did you move to New Hampshire?


So I was born in seventy three, fifty one. We were born in Chattanooga, but I was actually, I lived five years just across the border. North Deep Woods, Georgia, middle of low income fam. A lot of connections with Fort Oglethorpe, Chickamauga Park, kind of the, my uncle had a, a double wide and half the trailer was a private collection. I think he had one of the largest private collections of civil war artifacts. I just remember as a kid rummaging into, you know, his collection. There's really cool stuff like bullets with teeth marks, ceramic bullets from amputations, biting the bullet, the whole concept.


So those are some of my memories as a, as a kid. But when I was five, we, we moved, my dad was worked for a company called Combustion Engineering. He worked there for 50 years. Worked up from janitor all the way up to a manager, but he got transferred up to New Hampshire, Seacoast. So we moved to a town called Durham and pretty much started grade school in the town of Durham. Actually went grade school, elementary, middle school, high school and college. All in the same town Really. But stayed there all the way to College. What were you into as a kid? What's that? What were you into Sports?


Sports? I was very competitive. Obsessively competitive eighties. So I was big into like the Celtics, the Red Sox. We would always go to games, Patriots as well as the Bruins. But it was, it was obsessive to the point of, you know, I would sacrifice all my friends and foes to get to the front of line for whatever, you know, lining up for class. And it ended up, you know, parent, parent-teacher conferences, trying to figure out ways to kind of channel that gladiator attitude. I had little bit of bribery. I kind of was able to figure out how to channel it to something a little more productive, which became sports.


So sun up to sundown. I'm back when the day when you actually could stay out past sunset as a kid riding your bike and just looking for my next contest of how to compete. And that was my childhood. And it became Do you have siblings? Older brother, year and a half older. Great relationship, family was a little bit, I would say maybe unemotional kind of kept to ourselves, but I would spend my time just roaming, looking for, looking for trouble. What sports?


I played everything. Baseball, soccer, basketball was big throughout my life. I got a job at the golf course. So I, I picked up golf started, I was a good golfer. I played on the high school team as, as a middle schooler, but then they cut the team. So I had to figure out another sport, which became running. So I actually got involved in running pretty early on and that became my focus. I wanted basketball to be it, you know, Larry Bird back in the Celtics era in the eighties was a big deal. So, but I was a realist, you know, five foot, nine inches tall.


I knew it wasn't, you know, a a likelihood of it wasn't in the cards playing at the next level in college. Terrible, terrible student. C's and D's across the board. Really? Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't focus before all the diagnosis, but I just couldn't pay attention. I was really good at setting athletic goals and succeeding on the, you know, pitch the field, the dime and the, the track. But I could not apply those same strategies in the classroom. And it was, by the time I got to high school, I'm like, all right, I I'm not going to college if I don't figure out a path.


And, and for me it was like, okay, I am okay at sports. Let me see if I can leverage those talents and, and use that as a path, you know, to getting to college. So that's when I focused on running, ended up winning the state championship race my junior year. And it was, it was kind of that performance and, and my dedication to the sport that, that got me recruited to run division one at, at University of New Hampshire. I applied to UNH, that school in University of Tennessee at Knoxville. And that was it. And, and I got recruited and, and I only got in because of the coach.


So plan worked. So plan worked, thankfully, but even to college man, academics was, it's just the traditional education method is not my, my jam. Yeah. You know, sit through class, pay attention, take notes, memorize, regurgitate it in an exam that you may or may not use this information in your life. So that's kind of where I found a, a different option. What, what was your major? What did you, it's called outdoor education. What is that? So it's, it's education through experiential learning.


So how that is, is different is that you're, you're taught a basic skillset. So all my classes were like scuba diving, rock climbing, winter mountaineering, whitewater rafting, Nordic scheme. You can get a degree. Advanced, advanced backpacking. I actually had an advanced backpacking class. Damn. And you would go and you would be taught some basic skills, but you immediately go out into the field and you apply these and you learn in the field. And it was only by happenstance that I came across, my buddy of mine brought me to class one day. In fact, I remember it was, I signed up for ROTC, another kind of a serendipitous moment that I had joining ROTC.


But I was already signed up and I'm in full service dress and it's middle of the winter, three feet of snow on the ground. And, and he's like, Hey, come with me to one of my outdoor education classes. I'm like, okay, I'm very impulsive. So I'm like, all right, let's do this. So I go to class and it's in a gymnasium. It's not in a normal classroom. And there's students in, in the back of the class and the storage lockers going through all this gear. And I'm in my full service, just hand me down polyester uniform, a big trench coat, you know, cheap patent leather shoes and stand out like a sore thumb. And I, we walk up to the class and the teacher starts talking and he's like, all right, this is advanced winter backpacking and we're going to build a Quincy in the snow for the next three hours.


And I'm like, I'm not dressed for this. And I'm, I don't know if this is gonna work out. We'll come to find out, my, my teacher is a Navy SEAL. He was a, he was a Navy SEAL for 20 years. And he takes us out back and we start building this Quincy. And, and for those who are unfamiliar, Quincy is like an igloo. But instead of blocks you, you know, you, you build, you dig down to the surface, you pile a bunch of snow up, you let it set. Once it's set into a big old dome, you kind of dig a little entrance. Once you get inside, you dig all around, you leave about four to six inches for a wall, take a little prop. Once you dug it all out, you take a little propane stove, you light it, you glaze heat up the inside, it glaze over.


And now you have this impenetrable structure, this winter shelter. And you get, you know, 12, 15 people to stand on top of the structure. It's only four to six inches. And it, it, it, it holds the weight. And now it's like 23rd degrees warmer inside this igloo. That's Quincy. And man, I have a blast. I am soaking wet. I'm just on my hands and knees digging this structure. And he's giving all these life lessons, talking about combat and, 'cause he's, you know, I'm wearing this uniform. And it was just like this profound experience. And I'm like, this is the way I can get an education, earn a degree so I can go into the military. Because I didn't think I'm, you know, I've got three and a half years left to get a degree in order to go into the military.


'cause I'm the ROTC program and I'm like, my grades aren't cutting it right now. But, you know, this is something, Why did you pick ROTC? What, what, what caught your interest in that? Anyways, so I was walking to class freshman year, fall semester one day. And, and this flyer on a bulletin board caught my eye. And it was picture of a fighter jet. It was just an advertisement, encouraging students to come experience the Air Force way of life, sign up to be a passenger aboard a KC 1 35 air fueling aircraft at the local Air National Guard Unit out of Portsmouth, New Hampshire Peas used to be an Air Force base.


Stratcom, they launched F1 elevens on alert there. It was actually a, an alternate landing site for the space shuttle back in the shuttle program. Heated runway, 13,000 foot long. Anyways, they have a guard unit there, KC one 30 fives, now it's the KC 46, the replacement refuel in the, in the Air force. And I'm impulsive. I sign up, you know, and, and when I signed up, I, I didn't fully grasp the consequences of my actions because there's a couple secrets about myself that's probably gonna jeopardize credibility. Extremely prone to motion sickness. What Always have been, always will be, I you stick me an Uber 15 minutes long.


I'm, I'm done. Are you kidding me? Yeah. I still get nauseous scared of heights. I hate heights. Me too. Actually, Afghanistan, they took us up in a helicopter. I was a command position and the, the PJs took me up in a helicopter and they, and they knew I was scared of heights and doors open up at like 14,000 feet. And man, a freaked shit out of me anyways, so, and I'd never flown an aircraft before in my life. At 18 years old, we didn't have the money to go anywhere. But here's my chance. I'm gonna sign up and I'm gonna go. So I command, I sign up and bus takes us big old school bus, drops us off at the plane and we board this aircraft and I take my seat.


And again, I've never been in an aircraft and it's, it's hot, it's dark, there's no windows. And this gutted plane, a couple seats up front and I start to panic. I'm like, oh. I start sweating. I get, you know, I get heart rate goes up breathing shallow and I'm like, I don't want to do this. How do I get out? And, but there's a couple cute girls next to me. I'm, I, I can't back out now. I gotta, I gotta man up. And so air crew comes out and briefs us on what we can anticipate. And they're like, all right, we're gonna start off with some low approaches, do some training. I'm like, I have no idea what that is, but let's do this.


And we're go go out to the airspace and refuel some s sixteens and, And so close the door and take off and they immediately level off and they come back around and they land and take off again. And 20 minutes into this flight, I just lose my lunch. I'm puking. It's like a scene outta alien. It's just, it's bad. It's, I pass out two hours later, crew chief wakes me up, says, Hey son, come with me. Walks me back to the, the observation where they do the refueling. The boom operator sits back there and I'm like working my way up there, just trying not to puke on anyone or anything. And he takes a seat, he starts doing his, his prefu and checks and trying to distract me.


And I take the observation seat next to him and, and he's like, alright, there's, there's two fighters on the horizon, they're about to reform. And I pull up within a couple feet of our window And man, it's like a scene out a top guy and there's a fighter pilot. He's wearing his helmet, his mask. He's, you know, he's giving me a little shock and he boom plugs the aircraft and we start communicating. He's asking questions, he's telling us about his mission. And I'm just like, That is awesome. You know, I, that was the little spark. Everyone's got their motivation. But that was the, the fire that was lit within me. And I completely forgot about the last two hours. I just, I wanted to be a fighter pilot. I didn't care what it took.


I knew I had a lot of challenges in front of me, but I had to figure out how to, how to get in that cockpit. Nice. And then I figured out the education piece with outdoor education. Wow, wow. So yeah, I mean there's gotta be a lot of studying to be a pilot and an astronaut. And so, I mean, I would imagine there's a lot Got 'em Fooled. So, so let's, let's move on. So you graduated college then. What?


I did pretty well in the ROTC, anything active, I do pretty good at. So I was, or if I have interest in it. So I was a pretty good cadet. I graduate distinguished graduate and I get selected for a program called Euro NATO joint jet Pilot training. Inept. And it's specified pilot training program out of Shepherd Air Force base. Wichita Falls, and it's all the NATO countries participate. They send instructors and students who are gonna be flying fighter jets. So it's specific to flying a fighter aircraft. Whereas the other pilot training bases, there's two tracks, well there's three, if you count Hilos, everyone starts off in the same platform.


It's a T six now. I flew a T 37. Just a, a side by side little dog whistle, loud jet trainer, fully aerobatic. The g onset rate in those aircraft are, ugh. I get chills every time I think about my first year of pilot training. 'cause I would puke almost every single flight. And at the six year or the six month point for those other bases, you split, you go, if you go the heavy track, you're gonna go fly a C 17, C one 30 C five, you're gonna go to the T one Lear jet looking aircraft. If you're gonna go fly fighters or bombers, you go to the T 38.


Well this program that I went to, there's only one track. You go from T 37 to T 30 eights and, and you go in the fighter. What you end up with after pilot training, which is, you know, there's, it's a whole other story as far as what is required. But it's somewhere around two to two and a half years to get through the training process. It's needs of the Air Force. Every, everything's stratified, probably seals very similar it stratifications. So you're performing number 1, 2, 3, 4, all the way down to whatever your class has. And when it comes time for your assignment night, it's like, all right, the Air Force needs two F 16 pilots for F 15 Cs, this many F 15 e's a tens.


And you just go down the list and you, you pick. So first, first and first ranked student gets to pick whatever they want. Yeah. And then it just goes on from there. Now it's like F 20 twos, F 30 fives. So back to your question, I went to Shepherd Air Force Base and I did this program and I was about there two and a or a year and a half to get through the training there. And then you go off and do supplemental training depending on what aircraft and survival training centrifuge. And then you do all these top off qualifications before you actually get to combat operations, operational assignments, which is at that two and a half year point.


So, hold on, let, let's backtrack. So pilot training is how long to get to pick what you're gonna fly. The actual training is a year, but there are certain elements or milestones you have to accomplish, like survival training. You might go before you even start pilot training, or it might be something in the middle or it might be something at the very end. Centrifuge is something you have to go through because you're gonna start flying higher performance aircraft that can, that you need to qualify yourself in these certain profiles of pulling Gs. Because some people have a really difficult time if you don't understand the, the G strain maneuver.


It's just some people aren't physiologically cut out for, for pulling some of those high performance g profiles that you'll experience in a fighter jet. So the training is actually a year, it's about a year and a half, but then there's an extra six months you'll, you'll have, you have to go through to learn how to fly an F 16 or an F 22 or an F 35. So I was there a year and a half. Okay. Before I went off to my base to learn how to fly the F 16. Okay. And it was, it was a miserable experience for me Flying the FF 16, No pilot training. Why Motion sickness academics.


Yeah. How did you get through the, how did you get through the academics? I mean, I, I, I thought I was gonna be a pilot just as a, you know, as a hobby. I was like, oh, this sounds, you know, might be kind of cool. And then I looked at all the shit I had to study and I was like, fuck that. I'm not doing it. Yeah. I was like, ground school. No, not doing it. But, so I mean, how, how did you, it sounds like you were a horrible, horrible student. I, I man, I, I was challenged then. I was challenged f sixteens, I was challenged weapon school. I was challenged space and it, it was, it's more my hardheaded mindset because if I apply myself, I think I could do, okay, You have to have a drive.


You do, you have to have a drive. Like you really want that end goal. And that's, that's the only way you're able to, to concentrate and get, get through the shit that you don't want to do. Like study In pilot training, even looking back, I'm like, well, I went to weapons school and I went through space pilot training was nothing compared to what I went through later. But at the time, I'm coming off outdoor education, four years of scuba diving, rock climbing, mountaineering. I mean, my final exam in Nordic skiing was five days in Vermont doing Nordic skiing. As long as you didn't get, get a cold weather injury, you got an a.


We were in ben breakfast in a hot tub in the afternoon and skiing all day long. A little hidden secret. But now I go to pilot training and, and the expectation is, dude, this is, this is a big boy program, you know, and oh by the way, I went right after graduation 'cause I just, I was gung-ho. I just wanna get, get going. So I literally graduate three days later I'm on the road moving to Tennessee or to Texas and my classmates were all top graduates at the Air Force Academy. So they're coming off aerospace engineering, astrophysics, you know, that's one of the premier academic programs in the country.


And oh, by the way, these are the top graduates. So this is who I'm competing against, you know, and that stratification. And it was, it was a steep, steep learning curve. Yeah, I bet.


Part of the reason I do what I do is for my family, I want to leave them a better country than the one I was born into. I also wanna make sure they're taken care of financially. And that's why I make it a priority to help protect the money I've worked so hard to earn and save. And one of the ways I do that is by diversifying into gold and silver. Precious metals have been a store of value for thousands of years, and they are known as a hedge against market risk and inflation. If you're interested in learning about how precious metals can help you, you should reach out to my partners at Goldco. They're an amazing company. They support this show and I trust them right now. They're offering a free gold and silver kit. All you have to do is go to sean likes gold.com. You'll also learn about a special offer to get up to a 10% instant match and bonus silver for qualified orders. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. S-H-A-W-N likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours.


This episode is sponsored by Rocha. Rocha is a performance eyewear brand for people who want to invest in themselves. Rocha manufactures premium sunglasses, prescription eyeglasses and readers and cuts all of their lenses here in the US at their headquarters in Austin, Texas. Rocha recently partnered with one of my favorite guests, Dr. Andrew Huberman, to launch a new line of glasses called the Wind Down Collection. Guys, I've tried these, you know, I have problems sleeping. I absolutely love, love, love these frames and lenses. They're available with and without prescription. And have a proprietary red lens that helps filter out short wavelength, light, short wavelength. Light is in pretty much all artificial light and it's terrible for your sleep. Roka, let me try a pair of these things and I can feel the difference whenever I wear them. I wear 'em in the evening after the sun goes down. I pretty much started at dinner and I wear it until bed. And lemme tell you these things work with so many options and eyewear and wellness products out there. It's a relief to know the glasses I'm wearing help. Two things. I really care about my vision and my sleep. And as a business owner with all the decisions I already need to make every day wearing a pair of rochas glasses is one of the best ones I've made. Check them out for yourself@roca.com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off site-wide at checkout. That's roca.com with code SRS


Thankfully there's the, the flying piece. You know, you gotta apply yourself in, in the actual stick and ruter coordination piece. But there is the, the academic piece, you gotta prove yourself there before they're gonna put you in a cockpit. And we have these things and I still have nightmares about 'em. It's standup and it's like, there's bold face, like you have to memorize certain emergency procedures for that's specific to the aircraft. And it's like almost a haze where, you know, in the morning you have standup and you gotta, they'll call on you. They'll randomly select, all right kid, back then, I don't remember what putter stand up. All right, this is your scenario. You got your aircraft and you know, you have an engine failure and you're this far away and at this parameters and it's just, you're in the hot seat and you gotta verbatim give the procedures and then all the amplifying systems knowledge and it's just a proven test.


Your your level of competency. And that was my n you know, And if you don't do well enough, you know, putter sit down next guy and you don't get to fly that day. You're grounded until you have some remedial training. I was notorious. All right, putter is your second chance. No shit Dude. You suck. Sit down. How did you overcome the motion sickness? It took a long, long time. A lot of drama. I actually had to hide it from my instructors. I would thankfully the the 38 is, is, you know, you know, is that tandem? You know it's front back.


Yeah. And you're separated where the 37 was next, next to each other. So you see exactly what's going on in, in the cockpit. But in 38 you're in front. But I would have to puke and swallow. I would literally puke in my mask and just suck it up because of you get to a certain point where, you know, depending on what your issue is, You would just puke in your mask. Yeah. This might be TMI but No, I'm, I'm like Sometimes where Does it go? It If, if you can, you can hold it long enough. You can either you and my recommendation is if, How do you concentrate flying a jet?


While I can't believe we we're talking about while trying, like trying like hell to hold vomit down If, if you do have to, my recommendation is always eat something you don't mind eating again. Bananas Yeah. Is a good choice. I remember one time my first, so You would, you would puke and then swallow it again. You just got to fight through it And then happen Again. I had a great, had great instructor. He was Norwegian and he hardcore dude loved to party, drove this old 1980s Cadillac with the big old steer horns on the, on the hood hood ornament. He was awesome. He was sympathetic to my cause so he would know 'cause I'd be doing this heaving going on and I'm trying to fly this aircraft and pay attention.


And especially the aerobatics once you got to the airspace. But my first flight in 38, I thought I was over it, you know, six months. Alright. It's getting a little better. Getting a little better because eventually you get to a point where like they stick you in the Barney chair, you know, to force it out of you try to just break your will. None of that was working for me. And I would just hide it via techniques I already talked about. But my first flight in 38, man, it, it came on so quick it just, it came outta my mouth mask and all over my visor. And I, I am like doing this windshield wiper trying to clear my visor. 'cause my, my, my pilot's in the back and you know, I suffer through a sub below, well below average execution on my dollar ride.


My first flight. And I think I made it, I think I made it and he climbs out of it and he climbs up to my, into my cockpit and he's looking around and he goes, not a chance. 'cause there's puke all over the dashboard of this. So I didn't pass that ride. So hold on. Does it go, is it like an initial, we're talking, is it initial, an initial motion sickness and then you puke and then it's gone for the rest of the flight? Oh no. Or is it like the whole thing? It ebbs and flows, you know, you a Little bit better. So it's like sea sickness. You're just, you're in it shit. Yeah. And you still, I still And you still wanted to be a pilot?


Oh yeah. Holy Shit man. Yeah, I was, I was determined. I stubborn, strong-willed ego. I don't, and I don't know what it was, but I'm like, I have, I can't fail. This is, I gotta figure it out. 'cause there was one kid in my class that left. He just, I'm done. I got tapping out. I'm out. But I just, I wanted to figure it out. I, you know, you do. I mean I I eat a greasy pork sandwich and, and go do aerobatics. As long as I'm flying, stick me in the back seat and someone else is flying. And So you have overcome it.


Yeah. Okay. I, you know, people talk, is it physi physiological? Is it psychological? I think it's a combination of a lot of things. Inner ear. Thankfully space is not, there's no correlation. 'cause space adaptation syndrome is impacts 50% of astronauts, What is it called? Space adaptation syndrome. And it's 'cause you, you and we will get to it, but like you experience all these G-Force on the way up and then it's a long ride. So it's about nine minutes. You're pulling four and a half Gs. And then when that second stage separates, you're thrust forward, you're hanging in your straps and now you're in space floating.


And so that transition it, oh, it can force this cross coupling illusion of tumbling and it impacts everyone differently. It can be seconds, it can be minutes, it can be long durations of this tumbling and it's different axis depending on who you are. Do you know if you're gonna get it before you go to space. So it's it's, it's a big, it's a big surprise. It's, and and puking in space with zero gravity. Oh man, You saw the movies, you know, Apollo 13, I was ecstatic. I was on cloud nine. I was on a drugs man, I was so pumped. Once I realized I got to orbit, I'm floating.


I get through this tumbling sensation. 'cause you're, you're forced to deal with your circumstances. There's no like, I'll suck this up for 30 seconds on a roller coaster or you know, you're flying a fighter jet. Can you ease off and fly straight level for a few potatoes? No, you have, you are forced to deal with your circumstances. There's no, there's no reset button. And that's, that's very challenging because that capsule is rotating, you know, it's gotta maintain line of sight with satellites for, for communication purposes. So it, as it's going around, it's rotating. So you look outside and you see the horizon and that makes sense. This is the top of the capsule and this is the bottom. You come inside, you float around and you look back outside and it's completely opposite.


'cause it's, and now it's like, whoa. After a while your body adapts and human body is amazing. You know, I would be, you know, a couple hours into it, I'd be on my iPad, laptop, whatever, iPhone doing some sites and research, I'd be completely inverted working, just hanging inverted when that's the top and that's the bottom. But it just, you lose all reference. But back to wow, back to motion sickness. Yeah. I more or less got over it. I still get, especially if someone's shitty driver and Hmm.


Wow. Anyways. Wow, That's, well more information than Any other hurdles. That was it for pilot training. It was academics in the, and the motion sickness. Vera Heights, I got over. It's planes are fine. It's structures. Yeah. Ledges. I have that too. Okay. I figured that. I Hate, I I, yeah, jump school was not fun for me. Yeah. I fucking hated it. Yeah. Terrified of heights. We, we went free dive or free free diving. Yeah. Skydiving. Part of the space training and jumping out of a plane was, Oh shit, you had to do it.


Oh yeah, yeah. What got you out the door? The only thing that got me out the door is I didn't wanna look like a pussy in front of everybody else. That's, that's it. But I had a bummed shoulder. This was, so this is the only program I, I don't even know if we wanna go here, but it was with the Air Force Academy. It's the only program in the, in the world that is the first jump is free fall and solo. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's And you're scared to death of fights. Oh yeah. Oh man, That's, I gotta hear this. Unfortunately I had hurt my shoulder years back dislocated it and I actually dislocated it in space training in the capsule in full on spacesuit.


And it's this emergency procedures, it's, we gotta, we just splashed down in the, you know, in the Pacific Ocean and now we gotta do this emergency egress. So it's, you know, rush. See how quickly we can get outta the capsule. So my responsibility as the swimmer on the, with all my Ironmans, was to get out first and I gotta throw the, the, the, the boat, the inflatable boat out in the, the water and pull the cord and as I'm pulling it completely dislocate my shoulder. And so this was an injury from years prior. So now I have this, I was able to get it back in because these suits, these are expensive suits and the docs came in and we're trying to get my shoulder back in and, but I'm in this suit.


I mean it's helmet, it's one piece. There's no way you can get up into the shoulder. So over time we were able to finally pop it back in and, and that event kind of just let this like, you know, all stretched out and yeah. So it was, but skydiving didn't help. Yeah. So I actually, my first jump I had to pull with my left hand, worked out fine, but that kind of in my, my skydiving career until I had surgery post space. Damn. Did have you ever, just a random question.


You're a diver too, right? Yeah. You had mentioned you did some scuba diving in school. Have you ever been scared of heights underwater? Have you ever come up, like you're diving, you're diving on the, the ocean floor and then you hit a ledge? No, I don't think I've ever been that deep shoreline and off the Atlantic and the north is pretty shallow. I get it. I get it on that. Do you really? Yeah, I never thought I would Looking down. Yeah, I would, I remember diving over a ledge once and I was like, oh shit, let's go back over here. Yeah. How Deep? I don't know how deep it was. I can't remember. But I, I do remember the feeling get getting it underwater, which you'd think you would never get.


'cause you'd have that, you know, it's not like you're gonna fall, but just that, just that look off the ledge where you can't see the bottom of it. I love watching those free divers free. Yeah. Yeah. Holding their breath for breath holds five, six minute. That's pretty wild. Yeah. So what, when did you, what, what, what place did you graduate at? Were you I was just, I think I was fourth or fifth out of 12. And then we had some, some NATO country. We had two Dutch, two Dane, two German.


So we had a big class, 20 or so. I think I was fourth, fifth, sixth, somewhere. Right around there. What's everybody want? Honestly, it depends on what you, what mission you want to do because they all kind of function the same. I mean, well if you ask a pilot who's flown 'em there, there's certainly big dramatic differences in, I mean are we talking like F 16 and Yeah. You know, C one 30. No, so, so my drop again, air Force needs my drop had, I wanna say four F 15 Cs didn't have any 15 E's, which is the two seat strike platform.


It's the mud hen. It carries a lot of munitions air to ground mission. But you have a w you got a a, a Backseater four five F sixteens, two a tens. And then it's like there might be a couple instructor to go right back into pilot training to be an instructor if you don't end up in a fighter jet that you wanted. It's kind of an option. And then there was some bombers, B 52 B one. And so when I picked, I had the choice between a 15 C and, and a 16, and I wanted a multi roll platform. I wanted to do air to ground.


I wanted to do cas, but I also love the, the sexiness of an air-to-air mission, you know, dog fighting and, you know, doing, doing that type of mission. And EF 16 is, is multi role. So depending on what base you go to will be the focus of your mission. Like I ended up, first assignment was Korea, then I went to Italy, and then I start, I went to weapon school. But those first Korea was all about interdiction. You know, there's gonna be an initial air threat. If we ever go to war with North Korea, it's gonna be capacity. They're just gonna overwhelm you with these teenage migs, these old, antiquated, you know, third gen type platforms.


No, no capability and no competency. But they're just gonna try to overwhelm the south. Have you ever wound up in a dog fight? No. That, damn, damn. No. It all simulated. They're very, very rare. You know, back in, yeah. World War II and Vietnam since then, it's been a, I figured it's Been a handful, Man, that would be fucking Awesome. It would be awesome. But technology these days, it's all about not being seen. Yeah. So if you get to merge, it's, it's because either you screwed up or you know, you just didn't get the information you needed. Yeah, yeah.


So I ended up in the, F 16 was my choice. And Is that what you initially wanted? You wanted the F 16? I did. And you got it. Yeah. So that had, and part of it is about the, the location as well. So you, you leave prior training with a specific airframe. And then once you get to that base for training, for me it was Luke Force base in Phoenix. You spend six months learning how to fly the F 16 to employ it. So now you've gone from the very basics, flying instruments, flying formation, just a little bit of aerobatic. That's it. You're competent, you're safe enough, you, you hopefully won't kill yourself. And now when you, you learn how to fly the F 16, you go deeper, you start doing BFM basic five maneuvers, the dog fighting one, one V one, and then you do ti tactical engagements.


Now it's, it's working the geometry for a reform to an engagement, a visual engagement. And then you start adding more and more aircraft. Now it's a CT where it's like four V four and you're actual, you know, you're, you're doing long range stuff beyond visual range. And if you end up in a visual range, you're, you're competent enough to, to do the type of dog fighting. And then you kind of go through this whole air to air flow. And then you gotta focus on the air to ground piece. So you start off by going to a range, and you're dropping these little blue bombs for scoring purposes. And you're trying to focus your skill sets on learning the basics of how to employ and fly the aircraft with specific parameters.


So you, you get comfortable in certain air speeds and altitudes and ranges and, and how the aircraft feels. And you're shooting the gun, 20 millimeter gun. And then again, that progresses. Now you're going to do close air support. You're working with troops on the ground, J tacs and seals are calling in, you know, engagements. And you're, you're employing in close proximity to, to ground forces. How fa how, how, what's the fastest you've gone in an F 16? It's Mach 2.2 0.05 is roughly two times. M two. Mach two is twice, Two times the speed of sound.


And you know, it's roughly 700 for, for the layman's explanation, it's around seven 50 miles an hour. It changes based on pressure, altitude, temperatures, all that. But two times that, so 1500 miles an hour. Whoa. It's all relative. A hundred miles an hour. It's all relative. I mean, now you talk about, you know, six gen coming online, this, you know, three, four mock, it's, and it doesn't really feel intense until you get low on the deck. Flying, flying fast, low. 'cause you, you have that ground rush, you know the trees are going by pretty fast.


Oh, I would imagine. But there's a lot of restrictions. So you can't break the sound barrier unless you're in a specific restricted airspace, which is few and far between in the US So if you're breaking the sound barrier, it's, you know, above 30,000 feet or higher. And the sensation isn't there. You just see a little buffet on your, on your dial. Otherwise it just, you just continue to push. What were you flying in, in regular pilot school? As far as the airframe? Yeah. T 37 is the first aircraft, two seat, two engine, very low powered jet. The next aircraft with a T 38, it's the, what do they call it?


The MIG 20, MIG 28 in top gun F five. It's this NASA flies them very stubby wing sleek, long airframe twin engine very fast. Okay. And then so you do that for six months, a piece total of a year, and then you off and you fly your platform. Okay. So the speed wasn't, it wasn't anything new to you? No, the T 38, I don't know if you did a mock run. I don't think you did. I don't even know if it could handle it. But most of these like older generation fighters, it's like right up to the mock.


All the fourth gen except for the A 10 are built to go above mock. Damn. What's the lowest you've been flying Over altitude? Over mock. Yeah. Oh i's hard to get up there. It's, you gotta do it in a dive. Just 'cause the air's thicker down low. You're burning through JPA pretty quick couple thousand feet. Nothing, I mean 450, 500 knots, I dunno. Five, 600 miles an hour on the deck is is fun. Yeah. That's enough.


'cause of, you know, shit happens quick when you're going that fast. Yeah. And low thunderbirds is, we get, we have permission to fly low, you know, 50, a hundred feet. Pretty, pretty low depending on the maneuver we're doing the formation that you're flying. So that's where you really get a sensation. Talk about unwavering level of trust and when you're flying, 'cause we're flying anywhere from three feet to 18 inches apart and you're that low. And if you're, if you're in the formation, you're flying. I mean that aircraft is 18 inches apart. You're whoa white knuckles when you first start, you've been flying this aircraft for me, I'd been flying it for eight, nine years.


You're very competent in, in flying it. But when you're that close and that level of trust and that precise, it's like white knuckle. You're just death grip just over time you get really comfortable and you're smoking a lucky eating breakfast and you're 18 inches apart. But it's only because you're given the opportunity to go through intense training. I mean two, three times the amount of flying that a normal fighter pilot would typically fly in a year, 500 hours versus 150, 180 hours. Wow. Wow. And all you're doing is doing one thing, not cas and interdiction and OCA and D, CA and BFM, those are fun, but a lot of that is just employing, using the sensors.


Whereas Thunderbirds, I didn't even turn that shit on, you know? Gotcha. It's all about the formation. So. Alright, so let's walk back through, yeah, sorry. No, it's My, let's walk back through, so you said OCA and DCA, what is all, what is all that? What are those acronyms? Offensive counter air, defensive counter air. It's just different mission sets depending on what the scenario is. So if we're getting invaded by China or Russia and we're protecting DC we're gonna set up caps with hopefully we, we attack 'em with other things and, and ships and, but kind of the last line of defense is gonna be what we have in the air in these caps.


And, and we're protecting the mother land and anything comes at us. That's what we're, but the focus is to stay back Defensive posture, that's DCA. And then you have different category of missions called OCA offensive counter year. That might be like an interdiction mission. Like okay, we're going to attack North Korea. We're not. But if we were, there's key targets that we have pre-planned that we want to go Gotcha. Blow up and we're gonna send bunker busters GB 20 fours or whatever. Ha whatever we have these days, big two, 2000 pound bombs. This is oc this is offensive counter air interdiction.


I'm gonna fight my way in, deliver my, you know, my, my munition turn around and leave. So we are, you know, on an offensive posture. Gotcha, gotcha. So what, what, what, what section do you start with in, in school Building block? It's baby steps. So you'll start off, okay, can I fly this aircraft? You'll spend, you know, 10, 12 sorties getting comfortable in the aircraft, you'll solo. 'cause there are two seaters, but it's meant to be a single seat fighter aircraft. That was the other reason why I wanted the F 16 is I wanted to be the sole responsible person involved.


And then you learn, you learn instruments. Okay, if the weather's bad, can I recover this aircraft to, you know, at a base that's socked in. So you gotta learn how to fly instruments. Got it. Okay, let's move on. Let's start doing tactical stuff. And that's where you'll do, alright, we're gonna fly formation, get comfortable flying formation. 'cause that aircraft is extremely responsive. Like literally the stick moves like that much, it's all fly by wire and throttle obviously moves a lot more. But versus like a P 51 or a F four or an A four, that stick moves a lot. It's hydraulics.


So flying formation, I mean, doesn't take much, honestly. It's like this thought process. You, you think about it and it subconsciously you start doing it. So you, you overcorrect in the beginning, you just Mm. That's where the nausea comes in is just you porous. 'cause it's, it's out of equilibrium because that what makes it such a high performance aircraft is that it's, it's not a stable platform. So you're constantly looking for that, that sweet spot. When you fly after a while it's becomes second nature. Now you're worried about ship between your legs, the radars and the targeting pods and the situational display and the queuing systems, all that kind of stuff.


That's the focus. Second nature, the flying is, you know, you don't even think about it. Do you get used to certain planes? Oh yeah. You do. Okay. So when you deploy, I mean, I'm getting a little ahead of myself, but I mean you, so you really know the, the plane You do. And if you jump in another one, you, you notice differences. Yeah. Everything's set up differently and, and how you flip certain switches and they all kind of have an intuitive infrastructure that you could easily learn one system to the next. I don't mean like an F 16 to an F 15.


Oh, I mean like, like can you, I mean it's it's your playing. It's like a, I don't know. It's like if you put somebody else's baseball glove on, it's still a baseball glove, but it's not your baseball glove. You know what I mean? Yeah. Is it, do you know If you're alluding to, So if you jump into another F 16, is it the exact same or, Or That's Interesting question. So you have or Like a rifle, like I have my rifle set up the way I've like my rifle set up as a seal. Yeah. And, but if I have somebody else's rifle, I'm like, oh shit, I don't like I can use it and I can be extremely effective with it, but I'm, I would rather have mine. Yeah. It feels different.


It sounds like a full metal jacket quote. Well, I mean, you know what I'm saying though. It's my Rifle. This is my, This is my, I said I know my trigger pull. I know I know everything about it, you know? Right. And, And so you have your name on one aircraft and you have Your confidence and your rifle. Like you zeroed it, you set it up the way you like it set up. Yeah. You know, all that kind of shit. If you have somebody else's, you lose that, you know, shit, is this thing cited in? Is it cited into me? I don't want Right. Is it like that with the planes? To a certain extent. So you have your name on an aircraft and you have a dedicated crew chief. And he's got his name on, on hi his or her name on, on the other side.


And you typically try to fly that tail. But the maintenance of these airframes, they could be down for months going through phase Mm. They pull the panels off and they, you know, all this is broken, we gotta fix it. So it's constantly the inventory's being moved around. Okay. So, you know, you might fly your tail maybe 30, 40, 40% of the time. That's probably a little aggressive except for when I was in the Thunderbirds. You fly so much and you're so queued into that aircraft, you know exactly how it's bent and you know how to trim up the aircraft. 'cause you know, you can't, different air speeds, it's gonna fly differently and it's gonna lean one direction or the other.


So you know exactly how much input you need on the trim to kinda level it out. And you know, on certain maneuvers, when you get to the top, you know, you're 18 inches apart. And we're doing this, this Arrowhead maneuver where I am, I move up, I was slot, so I was number four, so I was behind number one. So I'm anywhere from three feet to eight inch 18 inches. But in the Arrowhead, I actually slide up an end so I get even closer. And it's literally as close as this mic is the nozzle, the afterburner nozzle of the, of the boss, my, the number one aircraft. And when you get up in the top of a loop, you're, you're like a hundred fifty, a hundred seventy five knots.


So it's, it's mushy. It's not responsive like an aircraft would be on the deck at 450 knots. So it takes a lot more inputs and you're not used to flying the aircraft a lot in that regime. So you, you know, by flying these same aircraft over and over and over, you know exactly how much throttle you need. Especially if you're, you know, deviating to a different show site. You might be at 200, 2000 pressure altitude. Now you go to like Cheyenne, Wyoming and it's five or 6,000. So the pressure, the the air is thinner. So it's gonna respond a lot different. And the more you know your aircraft, the the more accurate and precise you're gonna be able to fly it in those formations.


Okay. But in a combat situation, combat unit, operational squadrons, you typically don't fly the same aircraft over and over. Okay. So you, you will have to set it up the way you want it. And some have different, you know, just different things that you like or don't like, But interesting. Yeah. Okay. All right. So you can get used to any of 'em relatively Fast. You do and fast you have to. It's just the nature of the beast and the inventory and the phase of the aircraft. But you, you were asking something about experience. You only know you think you know more than you actually do at different levels of your career.


Like I thought it was pretty shit hot coming out B course F 16 training. I'm going to my first combat unit and then by the time I got to weapons school, I look back and I'm like, oh my God, I'm glad I didn't kill myself. And some of those missions night MVGs in South Korea, it's scary type flying. And then after weapons school, you know, you, you further along you get, it's like you don't know what you didn't know back then and you're just glad you survived all these different Yeah. You know, phases of your life going through a career of, you know, flying fighters. Yeah. So you get through, you get through F 16 school.


What, how's graduation? Yeah. Graduation again seems to be, I don't, maybe it's a lot like the seals as far as there's, It's gotta be pretty surreal. It is. Usually there's drinking involved. You gotta let go somehow some way. Yeah. Yeah. Pilot training, it's a big deal to get your wings, you know, I still have my wings that were pinned on. Took them to space. You just, again, I don't reflect too much my personality, I'm always looking, I get it, I get it.


I'm the same way. But I mean there's gotta be a ton of tradition, right? There's gotta be a ton of tradition in, in becoming an F 16 pilot or any type of fighter pilot. I mean, Yeah, I think how do they pin your wings on, You know, that was, that was Anticlimatic. There wasn't anything too sexy about the ceremony. In pilot training, the real traditions that we love and cherish are the, in the fighter squadrons in the operational combat units. And every squadron's different. There's a lot of heritage.


'cause it goes all the way back to the World War ii, Vietnam on up. And those traditions have long lasted. So you said what there's, there's 12 was there, you said there was about 12 people in the original plus the foreigners, which we won't count, but, 'cause they don't, I mean they don't, we're not training them how to fly f sixteens. They will go fly. I had a, there's a, is it Turkish? Singapore has a squadron actually at Luke teaches f sixteens.


But typically they'll go back and, and do their own thing. So how many Americans were there regular before you moved into the F 16 school? You said? I think you said there was like 12. Yeah, I think it was. And so how many go to F 16 school? I think we have five. Five Because there was, maybe it was more than 12. There was like four or five like grays, F 15 Cs that went to Tyndall Air Force Base in, in Florida. There was five or six F sixteens that, that went to Luke. And then there was two a 10 pilots and then there was a B one and a B 52 and then two instructor pilots that stuck around.


I think that's right to one that equals interesting. So what's it like showing up to your command then? So you go to Luke and now it's like that base is dedicated to teaching. It's a F 16 schoolhouse. So there's it's fighter squadrons, but it's still, but who, you know, the instructors are all operational experience combat and now go back to the schoolhouse to teach. It's a, it's a good, you know, quality of life for the families. You're not deploying, you're just, you're just doing the, the nine to five kind of teaching young punks how to be S 16 pilots. And it's a six month rotation. So it's just constant. It's probably going to North Island.


Okay. Coronado for instructors. I don't know, maybe. Yeah, that's probably more the weapon school at Nellis. So who, so you go, so it's regular pilot school F 16, then you teach No, I was just making a comment about the instructors that taught us how to be F 16 pilots. They have experience, they were out in the field doing combat missions at operational units around the world. And they'll do that for an assignment or two, you know, anywhere from three to six years. And then they'll come back to be instructors. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's, that's very similar. And then, and then they might go back, you know, do an assignment there for three years and then they'll go, go back into an operational.


So I guess what I'm getting at is what's, I mean you kind of said it sounded like graduation was kind of anti-climatic. So what's it like when you show up to your command after you graduate F 16 pilot school? So when you, and you're in With, you're in there with experienced Yep. Fighter pilot. You get a little bit of taste at F 16, starts getting this little more combat flare operational mindset. Still a schoolhouse, but there's naming traditions and, and you know, Fridays in the, in the bar and you're, you're still doing combat training and then there's a graduation for that and then it's off to your unit.


And that is, those are combat units. This is when we're actually doing the no shit, you know, stuff. And depending on where you go. I went to Korea, Osan Air Base in Korea, which was, to me it's like one of those kind of, it's a remote location. So there's, there's not that many families. You can do a command sponsor where the whole family will show up. But 69, 70% of the squadron is bachelors. So there's, there's not families there. So the, the mentality in Korea is like light your hair on fire, drinking a lot, going downtown, partying, flying, awesome combat missions.


It's push it up mentality and it's kind of one of the only remaining, there's two bases in Korea, Kunsan, Osan. I don't know how it's changed in the last 10 years since I've been out, but that was a good, just a introduction, indoctrination to the combat mentality. Are you Welcomed? Oh yeah. Or are you treated like an FNG? No, you're an FNG but you have your LPA Lieutenant Protection Association. It's the, it's the mafia Lieutenant mafia. So there's, there's the, the senior level, the lieutenant colonels, the commander, the the director of operations, the do.


And then you got all the crust old majors and then you have captains and then you have the punk lieutenants and I think there was nine of us. It was awesome. One, it was just an amazing experience, especially being in Korea. I mean you saw some crazy shit in Korea. This was in the nine late nineties. What kind of crazy shit. Oh, just, just crazy shit. Like what? Just drinking related crazy shit. You'd go up to a soul for the weekend. Just we had money to burn and release some, some steam and energy from, from all the combat focused training that we were doing.


Yeah. So It's like the seal tapes, it's a work hard play card culture. Absolutely. Absolutely. And Alright, before we get into it, let's take a break before, before we get into Korea. But I do want to ask you, is that wearing a brightling? I am. What is what? Don't, don't make fun of me because the battery died on me. So it's perpetually three 20. Nice. It died on me on the way here and I'm too cheap to get a battery to replace it. What's with pilots and bridling? I know it's a pilot's Watch. This is my Thunderbird watch. So this is the one with the Thunderbird patch. Oh Damn. That's cool. Yeah, so it's customized kind of an heirloom. I took it to space.


So this has been to space. I have one from weapons school. It's got my weapons school patch on it. I don't know, they're just cool watches. Is it Emergency? This has an ELT, but if the battery doesn't work, I don't. Have you ever Deployed one? No. They, they told us do not break glass. Only in emergency. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Alright, well let's take a break.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile help support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT and get a free month of service with promo code SRS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT.


We all value our freedom, privacy, and financial security, but cyber criminals don't. Hackers, scammers and thieves are trying to steal what is rightfully yours every day. I'm always looking for ways to protect my family and to keep their personal information secure, which can be tough in my line of work. This is why I trust identity Guard. With identity guard, you're not flying blind. They monitor your identity, credit and social security number in real time. So you get instant alerts before the damage is done. When you sign up, you get access to their USA based customer care team who is available to you 24 7. You also get up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, dark web monitoring bank and investment account protection, and home and auto title fraud alerts. Listen to this offer from identity guard. Identity Guard is offering our listeners a 30 day free trial and 60% off when you go to identity guard.com/ss. That's 30 free days and 60% off@identityguard.com slash ss. That is less than what you're paying for that streaming service you forgot to cancel this month. That's I-D-E-N-T-I-T-Y-G-U-A d.com/ss to sign up for a 30 day free trial and get 60% off. Certain terms apply. So be sure to check the site for details.


One of the best parts of having my own show is getting to do what I love with a team that I love to work with. If you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who love it as much as you. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all of your roles? ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free. It's ziprecruiter.com/ss. ZipRecruiter is the top rated hiring site according to G two. And their smart technology shows your job to qualified candidates. Immediately hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/ss. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ss. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Alright Scott, we're back from the break. We're in Korea. It's your first station is a F 16 pilot. You met your wife there? I did. How'd you guys meet? She was, she just graduated from college and her older brother was an F 16 pilot. And so post graduation she decided to go visit her brother with her other brother and we hit it off. She was actually dating another guy at the time. Nothing happened but we stayed connected when she left and then we start, started corresponding.


This was back in the late, late nineties where MCI calling cards. Yeah, Email didn't exist at the time, so there's no correspondence that way. It was just a couple phone calls now and then. And when I decided to go visit her in Minnesota where she lived for the weekend, vice versa, she came back to Korea for a couple days, spent a total of like four or five days together and then she decided to move to Italy with me on my next assignment After living with just spending four or five days together, a couple days together. And then she's moving to Italy.


She's moving to Italy. Yeah. Right on. We knew, we named our kids before we even, you know, hung out, right on's, what they call it. Hung hanging out. What was it about her? Oh my gosh, now you're man, she's, she's absolutely beautiful. She's caring, she's fun. I don't know, just we just knew right off the bat. Yeah. Didn't take much to persuade her and vice versa.


But we, we moved to Italy together. That was my second assignment. So Korea's only a year 'cause it's remote. Anything significant happen in Korea With F 16? Blowing shit up? No. Yeah, no. It's pretty stable over there. You're you're constantly prepared for an invasion. Big party. Big party. Nice. I know. Yeah. Nice parties. A lot of nice traveling to and from Seoul. Sounds like a ucomm in the SEAL teams. Yes. Maybe a Thailand deployment. Thailand, although I've never been back in the day. Even today. Right. Oh really? That was a pretty, yeah. Pretty wild. Okay.


All right. Have you been to Thailand? You don't remember? I don't remember idea Philippines? No, I've never been to Thailand, Japan and Korea. Where's your favorite place By far? Italy? No shit. Italy? Yeah. As far as what what? I don't What's the Criteria? You anywhere you've been in the, every out of everywhere you've been in the world, Italy, that's where you, that's where you like to be. Yeah. Why? The culture, the environment, the food, the wine. What about the culture? They're so laid back and relaxed.


We are so uptight in the US and it's just constant coming and going. And that was the biggest Deal. That's interesting. I mean, you're a super competitive guy since childhood. Yeah. Roaming around the streets, looking, looking for people. I be everyone else just chill out. Yeah, it's, it's me. Full throttle. No, we lived there three years and then an extra three years. So a total of six B three with four kids and three after kids. So we got to explore kind of two different worlds, I guess two different timeframes. But the culture is just laid back and it's, aviano is right, it's, it's about an hour north of Venice.


It's right at the base of the Dolomites. So everything north is the Alps and everything south is farmland, flats, vineyards, and it's rural. It's, there's no, Venice is an hour, Porte is the biggest town. It's, I don't know, half the size of Nashville maybe. And there's no base housing. So you live amongst the, the local villages and it literally, it's, you know, the 1,516 hundreds villages and it's just a pocket where some creeks meets and you know, crevices in the mountains. And we lived in San Giovanni, Dego just a small town right up Nestles actually.


It's really cool 'cause the hotel there, Mussolini and Hitler stayed in, not that that's cool, but tiny, tiny little town, just beautiful. And the, everyone's just laid back, just ani I money, we'll get to it tomorrow. Ani, you know, the reposo in the middle of the day, one to three, everything shuts down. August is completely shut down. So when you get there, it's just like you have this wake up, you know, this culture shock because you're expecting convenience stores on the corner and 24 7 and get what you need. And no, you, you go at the pace of the locals and once you get used to it, it's just like, this is chill.


A biked all up and down where the, they do the Giro races and stuff like that. It's just, it's just beautiful. And the food, it's, I swear it's the water that comes out of the aqueduct underneath the mountains. So simple, very, very simple ingredients. But the food is the best ever. And right on. Same with the wine. Right on. Yeah, so we go back once a year actually. Oh really? Yeah. Going back this week, my buddy who's on the Thunderbirds, he's the commander of Aviano, the air base there. And I'm gonna be speaking at one of his events. So Very Cool. Very cool. So what were you doing in Italy?


What was the, what was the mission? So I was assigned to the triple nickel five 55th fighter squadron. And there's two squadrons there. And it's just this constant rotation who's deployed. What's tough, tough about Aviano is that it's centrally located and usafe yon. So you're constantly pulled in so many different directions 'cause you're close proximity to more or less everything that's of interest. So whether it's a show of fours, you know, the, the Baltic policing flying in out of Romania or Poland. Show forces around the world. Africa, we went to Morocco.


How, how Long does it take an X 16 to get from Central Italy to Poland? But that's a good ways. No, it's a couple. It, it's, it's not like we fly super fast. 'cause when you do that, it's like a race car. You're eating gas. Okay. So it's not like you have the legs, you're limited on range and, and you're gonna be conservative. So you're flying airline speeds And if you're relying upon those tankers, then you gotta fly their speed or work some rejoin and route. So it's nothing everyone ask, you know, how quickly can you get across the country and stuff like that. It's, it's, you typically don't. Gotcha.


It's, what's the typical flight time? You can stretch it f sixteens if you external tanks depends on how much gas you're carrying. But we would do, you could probably stretch it out, two and a half, three plus hours if you're really back on the throttle and high altitude and winds are good and blah blah blah. Okay. But it's not, you don't wanna stay too long. The longest flight I ever had, this was actually the one of my favorite deployments, it was punk lieutenant. And we do these traditions as fighter pilots. We have flat top February, mustache march. And so in Korea we deploy to Alaska for Coke Thunder, one of just operation exercise.


It's middle of the winter so there's no sun. So we have like, we're pasty white and we got these flat tops. So we're there for a couple, you know, raging as much as you can rage and you know, middle of Alaska. And then we're gonna take our jets and, and go shoot some missiles for test down in Panama City Spring break. So you got these pasty white dudes and these overgrown haircut flat tops. And these, we start to grow these cheesy mustaches. We thought we were somebody. Mm. So that was that nine core of lieutenants, the LPA we did that. It was like a month and a half we were on the road just doing fun stuff.


So anyways, I can't remember where I was going with that. Oh, longest sortie. Longest sortie. Coming home from that we launched from Omaha, Nebraska and we, we stretch it all the way to get home to Korea. It's the longest I've ever been in F 16. It was 13.2, sorting 13 hours. Wow. It was extremely painful. I'll bet. And you know, we got, I can't remember how many aircraft, eight-ish. Eight or 12. And the, one of the flight leads in my formation. I'm a wingman just a young, young punk and it's day into night and then there's weather now in Korea.


So it's raining and you're sleeping, you know, it's, it's a long, you're popping drugs to capable stay awake and then it's time to get your game on. 'cause you're gonna, you're landing in weather at night, wet runway. And when he, when my flight lead took off 13 hours prior, he had a, a, a brake failure. And at night, you know, you ambient light es you, you're gonna turn some lights down or turn 'em off or you know, pop 'em to pull out the bulb. And he, he was getting annoyed by his brake failure light. So he pops it out so you don't see it anymore. 13 hours go by and he completely forgets about it.


So he's in the F 16 in front of me, he lands brick one, puts the nose down, applies the brake, and nothing So backup, you know, at that point is to put the hook down and take the cable And if you take the cable, the runway's completely shut down. So I'm this lieutenant, I I'm in the touchdown approaching his aircraft in front of me and I, he's like a border border or I can't remember what he said, but he's like brake failure. So you know, you know you've been flying for 13 hours, it's raining. The last thing you're thinking about is your instrument departure when you're just trying to put this aircraft on the deck and all you wanna do is get out of this cockpit, but pour, rain, wet, runway you gotta take off.


And now we gotta divert up to Suan, which is just another base. So your asses and elbows just trying to pull up charts and land this aircraft safely. But that was the longest sortie I ever flew was 30 years. It's a long Damn time. Yeah. And it's no bigger than this seat. I mean it's, I gotta fist width between the top of the helmet and the canopy and you got little rails you can put your arms in. I'm, I'm not a big guy. I'm, there's some, I got a buddy who's six five and he flew Vipers Man, But it's actually sitting height, so it's from your butt to the top of your head. If you have short stubby legs, you can be six five. But if you got a or no vice versa.


If you've got long legs, you're fine. If you've got short stu legs and you got a long torso, that's the issue. Yeah, that's the reason why the seat is, is banked back there is because it just fits into the cockpit. The ACEs two seat. Interesting. So anything significant operationally happened in Italy. We deployed, this was late nineties, early two thousands before nine 11 we were still doing Operation Northern Watch, Southern Watch. So you had the north swath in the, in the south swath of Iraq. That was no fly zone for them.


They'd launched their megs to do these mock runs but they wouldn't get anywhere near. And then we would sit there and patrol, you know, every once in a while you'd go after a couple targets, AAA pieces that were getting too close to the no-fly zone that were a threat to us patrolling. And then we ended up in a, we, we took on the Sandy Roll Seesaw as ES sixteens, which is a challenge, leave that to the a tens and the Hilos. But we deployed to inter Lake Turkey, we'd fly across to the Northern watch Kuwait, we'd do the Southern Watch. So we did a bunch of those deployments. And then nine 11 hit and I was, I was in my second year, I had one more year left at Aviano and I was in my, I was in my boss's office, the oh six.


And I walk in and he's got the only TV on base 'cause this is again 2001 and in Italy and it just didn't have that kind of technology. And we're watching the tower go down and we immediately went into alert posture 'cause we didn't know what they were gonna expect of us. You know, after, you know, in reflection it was, it took a while where there was any true movement and deployments. And so we can do much from that location. Takes a deployment to get And that, that takes some effort and there's a cycle process. There's units back in the states that are on. So it's, it just depends on where you're at.


And you, same with the seals as far as when you're tasked to go do something. Yeah, but we're certainly not going to respond like you typically would. So as things began to heat up, I got selected for weapons school fighter weapons school now called the Air Force Weapons School. 'cause there's more than just fighters there. There's everything in the Air Force inventory has a weapon school now, but back then it was called the Fighter Weapon school. It's the Air Force version of Top Gun, but it's six months long. It's like getting your PhD in all things tactics.


So I was selected for that. And then I went to Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas, which is pretty much all the all thing tactics. What is, so what exactly is weapons school? So it's a six month long pro program. You go under the banner of your MDS, your air airframe. For me it was F sixteens. So I go to the F 16 fighter weapons school and the hierarchy of within the fighter community is you start off as a wingman and then eventually, maybe a couple years you'll go in as a two ship flight lead.


So now you can lead around a wingman and then from there you'll go to a four ship flight lead. So now you can lead four aircraft from there, you'll, you'll be an instructor, your next step is to be an instructor. And then once you become an instructor, you can become a flight evaluator just given exams, check rides. But once you become a seasoned instructor, you can apply and compete for fighter weapons school. And the idea behind fighter weapons school is to hone your skills tactics, techniques and procedures for all things F sixteens as well as everything else in the inventory. And you become a weapons officer. And so every unit's gonna have a dedicated weapons officer who's more or less in charge of that organization's preparation for combat.


There might be a couple patch, they're called patch wearers. It's a bullseye patch gray. The commander might be a patch wearer. The do might be a patch wearer, there might be a couple. But the dedicated position that your, your more or less your commitment to go, if you go to this school, your commitment is to be at least for three years a patch, wear a weapons officer. Okay. And you are the expert. You are teaching your youngest wingman to your most seasoned ip your responsible for, for training them and preparing them for combat deployments. And it's cyclical.


You know, you'll, you'll go through different phases. You'll, hey, you know, here's my training plan for the year. We're gonna focus on air to air, we're gonna focus on cast during the, this month and then we're gonna do our combat prep for the specific mission we're gonna do in Afghanistan, Iraq. And then we're gonna deploy. And so he's responsible for, for developing that. You go to Korea to be a weapons officer, your primary job is to prepare for war against North Korea. So he's, he or she's focused on developing those plans. Interesting. So that's the role behind weapon school. And it's six months and it's the most intense thing I've ever done. Really? Oh yeah.


It's, you sleep, eat, and breathe all things tactics. You have no responsibilities other than just to graduate. You know, the day you show up, you get a manual that's stacked that high on the research philosophy or radar philosophy. It's kind of a haze, but they're like, Hey, here's your manuals. You have two days to study this and you're gonna have an exam. You know, so it's just this overwhelming fire hose effect because it's, you know, you're taught all this stuff going through the ranks to up to instructor pilot that's 5, 6, 7 years before you get to this point post pilot training.


But you take it to a, a whole new level, you know, you'll fly one mission and it and it's phase based. It's that building block approach. So you start off BFM that, that one V one dog fighting skills, you gotta hone those skills. Then the, the two B two and then the four V four and then these huge massive employments towards the end of the graduation to include all the air to ground missions. So you're, you're learning everything you possibly can throughout each phase. And you might fly a one hour flight ass sorting BFM one mission. You'll put five, six hours of prep into that.


You'll fly for one hour and you might debrief it for 10 hours. You're dissecting every single thing that you did to hone your skills and become the best tactician that you possibly can be. You can be going to debrief sun setting and by the time you come out and sun's rising, you go grab, you know, dinner at the two or breakfast at the two five club or something across the street at Nellis. But that's your life for six months and everyone's, you know, on edge and am I gonna survive this program? Am I gonna make it through? Yeah, because there is a washout. Right. And it's very intense.


Interesting. Yeah. Let's talk about when is the first time that you, you flew a combat mission. There's certainly different flavors of combat. Some of the missions up in Korea, you're flying the patrol along the board of those are considered combat. The northern watch, Southern watch some, every once in a while you would employ against some AAA piece out in the middle. Honestly it wasn't till the, towards the end of my career when I deployed to Afghanistan at the heat of ISIS 2015 doing counter terrorism missions that it was like every day you're employing, Do you remember the first one?


I do, yeah. So our configuration load out what we're carrying for, for munitions. We have all my bros are gonna gimme shit if I can't remember, there's a GBU 38 and a GBU 54. These are 500 pound bombs. They're guided either coordinates that you put in or laser you can use your targeting pod and, and a laser de designator with the same PRF code and, and designate a target. But those are typically not fast movers. Those are stationary targets. Buildings, KS 19 piece out in the open or camouflage, you know, based on the intel you're trying to figure it out.


And we carry a maverick. So that's the tank buster. That's I think a 300 pound warhead that it's a, it's a missile and that's can be guided saying, but it's typically guided. It's, it's, the way you employ it is a two ship. So you got one aircraft that's gonna roll in three to five nautical mile wheel rolling certain altitude and point at the target general area, put the thing on the thing launched the, the maverick and it who, it just rockets off your aircraft. And the other wingman is up, stacked up high. And through all the coordination, the nine line, the the verification of of targeted identification, the designator up stacked up high and, and he's just staring at his four by four inch screen targeting pod.


He's got the thing on the thing and he's lays in that target 20, 32nd time of flight and, and Shaq the target. And so my first employment was against a vehicle that was on the move. And you know, depending on your timing and, and when you flew these missions day nights, sometimes it got hot. It was like every time you went up it was kind of your, you're getting targets. And the way that it was run back then was just kind of a progressive approach on we're not gonna hit your average, what were they called?


MAMs male or military average male age. I can't remember the, the three dash one term for 'em. But it, it wasn't like we were just going after your basic terrorist, they were progressively looking for a, a higher value target based on resources and, and you know, all the intel and, and scenario and what was going on at that time in Afghanistan. So I had one vehicle that was, had five MAs. The, the, the males, all terrorists all verified.


We'd been tracking it for days because how it, you know, they'd, they'd find one guy hu meant we'd figure out who it was and we'd watch 'em for the next, you know, proof of fly or you know, what is it called? And you were in on this planning process? No, most of this was done. I did a little bit of at the jock at, at Bagram, but it wasn't, most of us was we, we were just getting the intel feed before we took off. We'd fly a four hour shorty refuel every once an hour kind of thing and we'd be given a a region. We flew outta Bagram so we're centrally located. So we were flying all over and it was pretty hot along the Pakistan border up by ta.


Tajikistan was pretty hot. And then some in the mountains up in the northeast corner. But we would, we'd have more and more confidence as things developed and we're like, okay, this is a high probability sorting kind of thing. And we get the initial intel and then once you get on on scene in the ao they would give you, you know, a intel update and a nine line if there was a potential for a target. And now you're building your situational awareness over the target area. And once you get the information you put in your systems and now you're just trying to get eyes on to the target.


And then you gotta go through the verification depending on who you're talking to. Most of it, we're talking people who are in the jock with feed from, you know, high def predators. And then, you know, we had a certain type of munition, the predators had hell fires, but depending on how big the target was or how critical it was, you were gonna choose the platform that best suited that target weapon area in the, the target set. And this was a vehicle that had five terrorists in it and it, we decided to, it was on the move.


So we decided to do a maverick attack and my wingman was gonna be the shooting platform and I was gonna laze it. And as, as soon as he rolled in, he neglected to go master arm hot. So there's, there's an option on the, on the master arm switch that goes simulate off or master, I'm hot. Well it's just a habit pattern to go into sim because training, you know, 99% of your flying is training. So he goes to sim rolls in shoots, shit doesn't come off the aircraft 'cause it's loud, it just whoosh. And so he has to recover 'cause you have a very, very small window in range kind of thing.


So as soon as he comes off, he spooks the vehicle. So it stops all five just run. Oh Shit. So we burned the target at this point and we're like, that's, that was our chance. They're, they're gone to the wind. So we leave and we stand off out of earshot, but we have enough gas in a couple hours left. So we just wait for the next, you know, update. Well lo and behold they decide, oh, they're gone. Let's get back in the vehicle. So they all slowly one by one come back and they're like, holy shit, this is developing, let's get back in this.


So we get a little bit closer and again, continue to, to earshot and then we switch roles. So I'm going to roll in and employ and, and my wingman lasers it just, But he was pissed. Hey, had his chance. So you did it. Yeah. How'd that feel? It's pretty intense. You know, it's, at the time it's like Isis, you know, we're watching people orange jumpsuits stuck in cages drowned and burned alive. So there was, there's a lot of rage, I guess in our mindset changed too because what we're taught in survival training, you know, be able to talk your way out, resist the, the any torture you might experience if you're ever caught and how to evade.


And once that all started developing, it was, all bets are off, man, I'm bringing extra nothing compared to what you guys are carrying. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna bring an extra couple clips. I had one dude who was carrying a machete that was strapped with his leg, like, that's gonna do anything. God bless him. But it was like, if you have to go down, you either get hit your engine fails, good luck. Yeah. You know, I'd fight to the death kind of mentality versus, you know, play your game, figure it out, try to manipulate your situation until someone arrives kind of thing.


But you know, and it was real, I mean we had two guys that got hit, total golden BB kind of theory. He was doing an appointment and, and whether it was a AK 47, some guy on the side of a mountain taking, you know, blinking shots, put a hole in his ventral fin, those fins in the back of the aircraft, put a big old hole right through that, no idea until he got on the ground and did his post-flight check. But he's like, holy shit, there's a big hole. And then one guy, he was flying too low too long and they took a shot at him and it hit his amram, his a one 20 missile, which is on the wingtips, it's for air to air employment, which is never gonna happen in Afghanistan, but it hit the missile and the missile caught on fire.


So the, the, the wing tip of his aircraft's on fire. And so he's emergency, he's trying to get back to Bagram and I'm sitting supervisory position. And so I have a radio with me and I hear this and I'm going out to see this, but thankfully the airflow eventually put the fire out. You didn't have to punch or anything like that. But we're flying a single seat, single engine aircraft. So it's very reliable. GE and Pratt Whitney, depending on what airframe you're what what flavor F 16 you're flying. But it's still only one engine and it, you know, there's no glide ratio in the viper.


It's gonna fall like a rock and you're gonna have to punch. So How did it feel for you though? You described your wingman's approach and miss with the sims and then you just breezed right by your, your approach. It's satisfying too grotesque, you know, in combat the highs and lows you experience are, it's, it's all too familiar with, with any type of combat. And I, I think the most intense emotional experience is, is having to make decisions that will hopefully save the lives of the friendlies on the ground.


But you also have to deal with the consequences of your actions that you're taking the life of the enemy. I I pray that when I meet my day, it's, I'm judged based on, you know, making the right decisions based on the information I had at the time. And, but it's heavy. You, you gotta deal with it. It happened a lot on this deployment. You took a lot of lives, A Quite a few, you know, When did that start to affect you?


What did you start thinking about answering to God at the end? It's always been there and I think it's, you know, Was it there on the approach? No, no. There is a moment that, and I don't know if other fighter pilots experience it, but it's like right before you push the button, squeeze the trigger, there's just this intense, not apprehension, but just massive adrenaline rush on, do I have all the information that I need?


Am I making, and I don't know if it's the same for pulling a trigger on a gun, but I've employed it all. I've shot the gun in anger. I've 500 pound bombs, mavericks. It's, there's always this, I hope this is the right decision, but, and I I think you have more time to think about it when it's those scenarios where it's an element of surprise. There are situations where they're shooting at me and I have zero hesitation. I wouldn't even call it hesitation. It's just this intense feeling of I hope this is the right decision.


'cause it's, you know, I, I think it's one thing to look through a scope or be close to the enemy, but I'm, you know, up at 20,000 feet. Did it make you feel like your career was complete? Yes, I'll be honest, absolutely. You know, timing's everything. See, I think there's, I think there's like in any combat role, fighter pilot, ground guy tank, whatever it is, you know, the mission is to go and to kill people.


And there's a selfishness in that. And I think, I think a lot of people think they may have a failed career if they never get the opportunity to take somebody's life in combat. And that's how we think of it. We think of it as, I never got to kill somebody, But is this how we're trained? I think it is to like that. I think it is, it may be not how we're trained, but it's how the culture is, you know, because I mean, and how fucked up is that, if you think about it, I never got the opportunity to fucking kill somebody To employ in anger.


Yeah. Whereas, you know, most normal people would say, you know, I never, I never had to do that. I never had to kill somebody. And so I think the culture, you know, makes you, it, it, it manifests that inside of you. But, but at the same time, you know, when you're talking about meeting, meeting, you know, God or Jesus and answering, answering, you know, to all those scenarios that you played out, you know what I mean? There's also, I mean, there is a selfishness 'cause I know what you're talking about.


And, but it's also comes down to, you know, I mean, you're a Christian, we're gonna get into, you know, we're gonna get into that your experience later. But, you know, I think it all comes down to what's in your heart. Right. You know, you think you're doing the right thing. Right? They think they're doing the right thing. They're just doing what they believe is right. And you're just doing what you believe is right. Right. Absolutely. And if you don't do that thing, and several employments, I had quite a few, it's like, if I don't, 'cause right now they're getting shot at and who knows how that's gonna develop.


They're hunkered down, the threat's got RPGs and they're, you know, they're pinned down. And so if, if I do hesitate or I miss a switch, or I'm willing to make that decision based on knowing it's helping my side, I guess. Yeah. No, I mean it's, And they're thinking the same thing. Yeah. If they don't plant that bomb on the side of the road and kill Americans, then more of them are gonna die. Yeah. It's just a, it's a, it's really kind of, you know, it's just fascinating to think about.


Yeah. And Because everybody is legitimately just doing What They believe, what they think is right. So who sets the guidelines? You know, who God. Yeah. But when did that, you know, when did you, when did that kind of stuff start entering your head? It was always there. 'cause there's always that moment when you're pushing. There's always the free fall of the munition, you know, the time of flight, anywhere from 20 seconds out to a minute, depending on, you know, how you're releasing it.


But that whole time is just like, it's very compartmentalized. It's like check and double check that I've done everything that I possibly can to mitigate any collateral damage concerns. But then the whole flight home, you're thinking about it and then going through the debrief and, and analyzing the BDA after the fact. I mean, you, I don't know if you ever fully get over it other than you know, it's there. And I'll have to answer for it.


Well, I mean, on the other, on the other, you know, we're, I mean, we're not talking about civilian casualties here, but then on the, on the other hand, everybody's very aware of the consequences. Everybody's, everybody involved, you know, is aware of what the ultimate consequences. You are aware what happens if you go down, you talk, you know, orange jumpsuits, beheadings burning you alive, whatever, torture. And they're, they're just as aware, Right? The consequences if they get compromised that there's gonna be a 500 pound bomb, you know, that lands on their vehicle.


And so, you know, it's voluntary. Everybody's, everybody on both sides is fully aware of what the consequences of engaging and more is. I guess that's why we sign up to serve. Yep. So, you know, I don't know. I think a lot about it, but, you know, the whole thing is, you know, Jesus knows what's in your heart. And I think that's all that matters. Absolutely.


We're definitely influenced by our experiences too. And that's why, especially the older I get, the more centered I want to be unfollowing Jesus. And I mean, look, look how screwed up our world is. And it's easily, it's easy to get caught thinking the sky is falling and, and the world's gonna end. But if you're centered in your faith, we're not in control. We're all sinful. We have free will. And that's probably our demise, you know, but we're not in control.


I hope I made the decisions that I did in combat for the right reasons. How long were you over there? Fighter squadrons typically do like six months rotations. So that time was six months in 2015. Before that, they were anywhere from 90 days to six months we were coming and going. We'd spent half aviano that central located. I mean, you were barely had time to enjoy the country 'cause you were constantly coming and going.


You'd come back to the states to do red flag exercises, big coalition force type exercises with hundreds of aircraft at Nellis Air Force Base in Las Vegas, where we spent six years for various assignments. But yeah, that, that deployment was six months. How many missions did you fly? Do you know? I was flying every, every other day. Probably every two days. Sometimes I was in a leadership position. So, you know, you got the squadrons and then above that is the group and the wing.


I was at the group level, but flying with the squadrons, I was just old into my career. I was 20 year point. So I would apply as much as they'd let me. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy man. I haven't done one of these type of interviews in a little bit. Yeah. It's That you, you strike a chord with the whole feeling complete in a career. And I don't know if it's just the fighter pilot or the operator mentality.


It's a world fighter mentality, man. It is the warrior mentality Because that is certainly how it is in our world. I've done things that are, that take me off that track with thunderbirds and tests and aggressors a but it's almost a, a blessing and a curse. I mean, you get to experience, maybe not, you get, you experience something that, I mean, there's just next to nobody that experiences that. No. In fact, I've been speaking more keynotes and stuff and one of my stories is combat.


And, and it's like I almost have to take a step back. 'cause even doing interviews and talking about it, it's like, you gotta put this in perspective. How do you apply this to someone who doesn't necessarily go to work? That's life or death situation other than, you know, our frontline providers. It's, yeah, it's, it's a tough conversation to have too. I'm struggling to articulate exactly how I feel at this point. It's just because it's definitely there.


No doubt of it. Especially as you get older, you know, and kids, and Would you want your kids to go to war When I want them to go to war? Oof. If your kid wanted to be an F 16 pilot or whatever, whatever the equivalent is today, You call me old, You know. It is, it is, it's almost something. Would you want legacy platform? Would you want them to have those experiences? If you ask me what I want them to serve, I would be honored.


I I will never pressure my kids. If they want to be whatever they want. I don't, I could care less. I just want them happy and to pursue something that they're passionate about. Not some societal expectation. Sports, employment, jobs, whatever, career academics. I just want them to pursue something they are passionate about because that's exactly what I did. And I feel very blessed and happy of what I went through. So if they wanted to serve, I would be very proud and honored. And I, there's a chance a couple, couple of my teenagers might, but if they don't, I don't, I don't care.


As long as they're living a life that they're happy with, I certainly don't want them serving just because of me. Now, to get to your, I've been avoiding your question. Would I want them to go to war? I would say no. And that's, I dunno if that's selfish and the fact that I don't want my kids to at risk. And the shit I've seen and been through, I, 'cause there were plenty of times, not even in combat, just I was a split decision of death because of just the nature of the business. You know, I on a Thunderbird show and I delayed a rejoin too long and the aircraft pulls nine Gs.


I pulled 10.5 Gs because I thought, thought it was gonna hit the ground. And, you know, I recovered a hundred feet from the ground, which is in a fighter jet that's, that's damn close. And so it's just like those split decisions is, could have gone completely different. I've had plenty of people, good buddy of mine, I was stationed in Aviano, Trojan Gilbert. He was in combat and he was strafing and recovery for strafe is like 75 feet. So you could get in amongst him and, and when you're shooting the, the gun and he ended up dying in, in combat. And so it's just like, it, it's, it doesn't take much, you know?


Yeah. But you could also get hit by a car walking across the road. Well, I, I think, you know, I'm, I'm more asking, would you, you know, do you want I think about this all the time, you know, especially With kids. Yeah. You know, and I mean, you know who I have on this show and this, the stuff that we talk about and the toll that it takes and the burden you have to fucking live with afterwards and all. I mean, I don't know what, I don't know what it's like for pilots, but I mean, the suicide rate amongst special ops guys is just astronomical. You can see it. You can see the load.


We're all carrying it. I mean, immediately. And I just, I think about that. I mean, it really fucking changes you. How, like, how do you see it, body language carry themselves, Whether You can see it in their eyes. I mean, it's like stoic, emotionless, lack of humor. Is That just a fucking heaviness? Is that because of enduring all the experiences? Or is it the intensity of the experience?


Or is it, I Don't know. I think, I think the verdict's still out on that. I think it's just all of it. I think it's, I think it's resentment because other people didn't have to experience it. They don't understand. I think it's the experience itself. I think it's the guilt, it's the loss. I think it's all of it, you know, wrapped up and, and that's the product that you get. I think you guys certainly have it a lot worse because you're, you're down there, it's a lot different from 20, 30,000 feet. Yeah. Maybe, maybe not. But you know, it sounds like you're struggling with it.


Yeah. Maybe that's what brings me closer to my faith. Hopefully. It's not like me trying to justify, but Yeah. How did you find your faith? So I grew up, we went to church I in Georgia, but it was more of a formality. I think the, the extended family was, it was part of the expectation, but I don't remember much of it.


Sunday school getting donuts or Krispy Kreme afterwards. That was about it. Once we moved up at age five, we didn't step foot in a church. It wasn't just, it wasn't a part of my upbringing. I always believed there was, you know, something. I just didn't, I was ignorant. I just didn't have the education or mentorship. And it actually wasn't until, in fact, I didn't even know if I was baptized. We grew up Lutheran and then married my wife. And she's the area, very strong Christian.


And two, 2011, I was, we were, I can't remember where we were stationed, but we were on vacation in Minnesota, her parents' house, living on a lake cabin on a lake. And our kids are, I can't remember, two, four and six, two girls and a boy. And our four year old's gonna be baptized. And, And so that's part of the trip to up north. And, And so we're up there for vacation. Things are all going on. And, and it's 4th of July and we're, we're having prep for fireworks.


We get the whole, all the dads are getting together. The kids have been playing on the lake all day. And it's evening now. They're, you know, shepherd inside, take baths and get in their jammies and, and get ready for the fireworks. And we go out back, not the lakeside, we go up garage. It's like 300 yards away, tree lines. It's, it's outta earshot and everything. And my 4-year-old daughter, Maddie, she sneaks out of the house, sneaks down to the dock, she's looking for a toy, she left and she reaches over and falls off the dock into the water.


And I'm up completely earshot away. Can't see, can't hear anything. We're in the garage working, music's going. And all of a sudden I over, I'm overcome with panic. I just complete panic hair in the back of my head. I just, I start freaking out and I just run outta the garage and I run around the house and I don't even know where I'm going. And I just run towards the water and I'm, I don't even know what I'm looking for, but I'm just panicking, starting to yell. And all of a sudden I see a body out in the water and it's, it's Maddy face down in the water about, I dunno, 50 yards off the dock.


And I dive in, pull her to the dock and resuscitate her. And she, you know, she comes back pretty quick and it just, I'm screaming to God, you know, please save my daughter. And we take her to the ER and she gets checked out and absolutely nothing wrong. No idea how long she was down. The doctor thinks she was down for probably about two to three minutes. And the sheer divine coincidence of the entire situation is that we were baptized just hours before together because she was scheduled to get baptized.


And my wife says, Hey, we don't know if you've been baptized. Do you wanna get baptized with Maddie? And I'm like, sure, I'll go along to get along. I believe in something. Sounds like a good idea. We bond and this was literally hours before saving her life. And, you know, it, that was God, divine intervention. I, you know, there's no way, it wasn't, 'cause I was, I was heads down in the garage, couldn't hear anything, and I just sheer panic. So he was getting my attention. And I'm still, you know, processing my faith.


It's, it's a journey. I'm fully committed. It's, you know, a common question when you go to interviews and stuff like that. It's like, what are you reading? You know, what's the latest book you read? I'm just reading the Bible. I find my guidance and messages and you name it. I'm reading the Bible just to, because I think that's the answer to everything. When did this happen? What, what's the Timeline here? 2011. This 2011. But This was 14 years ago. Yeah. And so that's what's, that's what brought me closer to Christ.


And it, it, it's only getting more and more intense or matured over the years, you know, going to space. There's just moments that you're trying to make sense of everything. And it's just this, it's a battle. It's a, it's a journey. It's, it's challenging. 'cause back to that whole, you know, we have free will. We can think, we have the freedom to think anything we want and make the decisions that we want. But I'm trying to focus my life on making the decisions that, that puts God first. And that, you know, it's kind of why I want to speak more at this point in my life, is to share my stories.


And hopefully God can use me as a voice to get his message out. Have you had any more experiences? Nothing that intense. You know, there were moments on orbit where I'm trying to reflect and, you know, it's this, I had this overwhelming sensation of, of feeling insignificant on orbit. Just looking down, knowing there's 8 billion people down there on the planet. And you know, I'm traveling around the, every hour and a half and 17,500 miles an hour. And I'm just trying to make sense of it all and, and put significance behind it.


And I've been reminded constantly when I get into the word and and start reading, it's just like, it's not about me. It's it's, stop making it about you. It's, there's a greater good, there's a greater cause. There's a higher purpose. I'm just, I'm so stubborn and I, I I need to learn how to listen better. 'cause that's what I, you know, that's that journey, that's that struggle that I feel is like, we just constantly bouncing off the bumpers through life. And it's like, it's selfish endeavors. And then I gotta bring it back to more of a centrally focused faith walk.


And yeah. A bit of a ramble. Well, that's a pretty big experience. It was for me, how Bad it Was. And you, you said your daughter was in there for they've estimated 20 minutes? No, Two to three minutes. Two to, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Where the hell did I get? 20 minutes? Yeah, she was, we even two to three minutes. I mean, holy Shit. Yeah. I mean, she was blue when I pulled her up. Never felt so helpless in my life, you know, feel like you're invincible. What did you do? CPRI Started resuscitating, she started, you know, after 30 seconds or so, she starts coughing up and getting a little bit of her color back.


And she comes too. And then we're worried about, you know, brain function at that point and oxygen deprivation and take her to the ER and like check her out. And absolutely nothing wrong with her. She's a healthy little 4-year-old pigtails else. Yeah. Now she's a pain in the ass. 17-year-old. What do you mean reflection when you're up in space? I can certainly talk about this when we get to space, but it's, it's, they call it the overview effect and it affects people differently.


It's the, this literally, it's, it's a cognitive shift that happens in your perception of, it could be your perception of visual, what you're seeing of the, of the planet life perspective. It can be spiritual, it can be intellectual. But when you see the planet from, especially with the altitude that we went to, it's the highest that anyone's been in 50 years since Apollo 17. It's the highest earth orbit ever flown. And it's, and it's almost like this, my immediate response or feeling was like, it's this visual illustration of what life must have been like back at the creation of the heavens and the earth.


Because all you can see is oceans in continents. You can't make it any details. You know? 'cause when we, that's on the, the apogee, the furthest part of the orbit, it's, it's highly cyclical. So it's pretty close on the pear g the backside was really close, 190 kilometers. So it's 1400 by one 90. So it's, it's very far. And then we skim and when you're skimming the atmosphere, it's like, you can see contraras, you can see geographical features, all these land masses and Yep. But up above it's, it's, it looks like, you know, what the planet must have been looked, looked like.


It's creation. So when you have this perspective and you're going through this overview effect, it's just, for me it was, it was, it was that feeling initially of, of insignificance and, and trying to make sense of it all. And it's what's unique and it's almost like this. And that's why I was so interested in, in some of your podcasts, like the, the NDEs. And when Pastor Burke talks about some of the, some of the things that he's interviewed, the 1500 people with the NDE experiences, it's like, and this is by no means anywhere near what they've gone through, but the, the light, the radiant light projected on the earth versus seeing it from the surface, looking through the atmosphere.


And it's filtered by all the different gases. And it's just this radiant glow. And it's almost like this transcendence of your senses. It's, it's not just visual. It, it, it's almost like you can feel the radiant glow of the light of the planet. And it's, it's bright, but it's not like looking up at the sun kind of blinding light. It's just this radiant and it's constantly evolving because you're traveling so fast. And sunrises and sunsets are happening every 90 minutes. Our orbit was 106 minutes just based on its shape. And it starts off the phenomenon.


It's called the thin blue line. It's the dawning of a new day. It's just this arc of a blue, purple-ish hue as the sun starts penetrating the atmosphere. And it just, it just grows and, and starts to split into this radiant sunbeams. And then it starts to light up the entire planet. And then vice versa on the backside, on the, on the sunset as you see the, the night start to eat up. And then even at night. So when, when at night you're seeing all the cultural lighting. We saw the northern lights, saw all the green beautiful waves. You see all the stars, billions of stars.


'cause you don't have the light pollution that you're used to seeing. The moon obviously glowing. You're seeing strings of starlink satellite systems. And then you have this pulsing of the Draco engines. It's just these constant engines that are firing to keep you oriented in the capsule based on, you know, the priorities to point the satellite, the antennas towards the satellite for communication purposes. So that puts out this like constant hues of orange and yellows and, and all of that together. You're just constantly seeing something new and it's just, it's not something you stare at a sunset for five, 10 minutes as the sun goes down.


It's just this constant evolution of, of this radiant glow. And it just feels like it's, it's more than just visual, if that makes any sense. Again, it's, I'm having a hard time articulating, it's only been, you know, five, six months since we were up there. And that's, you know, ISS they're up there for six months. They're at 400 kilometers. We went an extra thousand kilometers past that. So slightly different perspective. Yeah. Does that, does that strengthen your faith?


100%. I I am a firm believer. God created everything. I, I don't see how it couldn't, it'd be a sequence of millions and millions of miracles to happen. You know, you look, you look at the planet and then you look at the other direction. It's, it's intimidating. I mean, it's black. There's to think what's out there endless. You know, it's, that is intimidating.


I'm hoping at some point in my life I'll make more sense of the experience. And I hope I didn't miss my opportunity while I was there trying to absorb. 'cause we're, you know, you're very operated mindset. It's, you're focused on the mission. We got 40 science research experiments. I don't wanna screw it up. And we got the spacewalk on day three and the starlink test going on and all this radiation testing we're going through. And you know, that's, you got this mission mindset, but this is also something that very few people have experienced. And I, I hope at some point I can communicate and articulate that impact it had on my perspective.


Yeah. See, I don't know, man. You know, we're, we're talking, you know, back to the decision making and all this, you know, killing people, combat, what's it gonna be like when we meet him? You know, things like that. I mean, I just, one, if he was done with you, then I don't think he would've experienced that up there. You know what I mean? I think he's still working on everybody no matter what you've done. And, and it's those experiences that, that draw you to the light.


And I, you know, I don't know. I I think about this kind of stuff all the time and I think, is He still working on you or is the book's written? You're just, I think he's working. You're in your next chapter. I think he's working on you all the way until the end. I, It's tricky world, you know, I think there's only two influences in this world. There's fucking good and there is evil and that's it. And it's kind of weird the way you just described the earth with the lightness and the darkness and, and continuously rotating. 'cause I just, I don't remember who I was talking to or how this even came up, but I had described it as I was talking to somebody about the end, kind of like revelations type stuff.


Like the end, because everybody's all, you know, is the sky falling? Are we in end times? I mean, a lot of people think we are and everybody's looking for the signs. And the way I described it was, I think If, I don't think anybody knows when the end is. I mean, even in the Bible it says nobody, Jesus doesn't even know when the end is. And and the way I kind of like think it's happening is if, if you look at like a marble, like a two-tone marble, you know, but maybe it's fluid in there and, and the two colors are just constantly fighting each other for what takes over the marble.


You know, I think that's very similar to good and evil. And there are times that it looks like evil is potentially taking up more surface area than good. And then, and then things start to change. And then you see, they, you know what I'm saying? And I, I think that's just constant. It's just a constant battle for total control of the planet And what that looks like. And it's, it's, it's the two influences, you know, going to work against each other and, and even like this conversation right now, you know, that we're having, it's gonna, it's gonna get people thinking and people that it's gonna get people thinking that have never thought about that before.


And the colors are gonna start to change and or good is gonna start to overcome more darkness. And, and the way you just described the planet with the, with the, with the light and the dark. I mean, that's kind of how I think of this all man. And, and it's just constantly evolving. It's always changing just like that marble, do you know what I mean? Absolutely. And, and, and he knows how tricky evil can be. I mean, we were both immersed in a culture where that became the normal.


I I, I got to kill somebody. I finally got the opportunity to kill somebody, or I never got to kill anybody. You know? And that's, that's not fuck a good way to think, you know? But I mean, you get, you, you enter into, I mean, we, you enter into the military at a young age. You're with all your idols, the people that you want to be the, the F 16 pilots, the, that, that have, you know, the lineage all the way back to World War I and you wanna live up to what those guys have done.


And I joined the seal teams and I wanna live up to the, to the Vietnam generation and the World War II guys. And you know, like, like it's just, it becomes you. It becomes you, you immerse yourself into that culture and then it seems good. It seems good. It's a fucking deception. It's a deception. Whether you're doing it for the country or whatev Yeah, yeah. We all did it for the country. Right. Well, who says the country's good? Right. You know, and who says that country's bad? And yeah, we can talk about nine 11 and all that kind of stuff and you know what I mean? But you know, what were we doing there for 20 years?


Right. 20 fucking years. You know? And so, And so when I say like, he's still working on you, I mean, it's not over, you know, you're either gonna succumb to good or you're gonna come to evil. And I think, I think there's seasons of it. And when you start steer 'em one way, the other way is trying to pull you back at both of them. You know what I mean? And, and, and they talk about deception and how, how Satan is the master of deception. And he can, he can. And he uses, he uses temptation, you know, whether that's money or sex Yeah.


Or look up to a culture. Culture. Yeah. You know, and, and, and it may seem good and may, you know, maybe it is, but it's, it's, it's, it's, you know, we're just fucking humans, man. Yeah. I love that analogy. I mean, my first thought was, and I didn't even comprehend it until you mentioned it, but you talk about good, evil, light and dark. I felt this warm glow looking on the planet, just loved it was mesmerized. I wanted put my eyes off it. And you look through the Ford Hatch towards space and it's just this intimidating, it's almost like you're at that cliff scuba diving and that black abyss over the ledge, you know, you feel a lot more security probably where that ambient light's coming from.


Yeah. There's something there I like. But how do we, I mean, you talk about that marble and the constant, whether it's a struggle or not search, but constant evolution looking for equilibrium. And this is rhetorical, but how do we influence more good than evil as that morph continues to happen with the marble of good and evil? Yeah, That's a good question. Or Do we, it's from God's hands.


I mean, they say everything's in God's hands. Right. But it, I mean, I think, you know, we talk about free will and I think that is, that is really the only free will that we have. It's good. And evil is good and evil. You can either choose to believe or choose not to believe. 'cause everything else is so fucking contorted and twisted and decept. You know, it's, there's just so much deception out there. And I think that, that, I think that you cannot, as hard as this sounds, I think you cannot succumb, you cannot sacrifice your values for temptation.


Does that make sense? You Should not, or you physically cannot. I think. I think you should not, because that is staying true to yourself, which is good. And in temptation is everywhere. It's money. It's sex. That's culture. It's, it's, it's all of that stuff. And, And you just see people every day, you know, they sacrifice their values for temptation and they justify if you catch yourself justifying, you know, why you did something or, or do you know what I'm talking about?


We've all done it. Right? Absolutely. We've all done it. I did this to this person. Probably wasn't that great of a, you know, wasn't a good thing to do. But now I'm stuck in the justification process. Like the, well, I had to do that because this happened to me and that happened, they did this to me and so this is how I justify it. Or, or you know, somebody fucked you over or you fucked somebody over and, and you have to then, then you catch 'em justifying or justifying yourself. Why, why you made the decisions that you made. And that alone in itself is, that's succumbing to evil. Evil. Do you think I've always tied authenticity to being true to your values?


Do you think you can be authentically evil or do you think people are naturally, authentically good and as long as they're authentic, they can maintain true values? I think that we are more evil than we are. Good. Because it takes more effort to be good and not succumb to temptation than it does to be evil and succumb to all that shit.


Because the reward doesn't come until the end to be good. The reward to be evil, Which Takes is immediate. Yeah. It's an immediate reward. So we're evil and weak. Shit. Hot. Yeah. You wanna take a break? Sure. Let's take a break.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting visiting patreon.com/vigilance elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. That was a good conversation. I have a lot to think about now. I'm 51. Yeah. Yeah. That was heavy. Where were we? I have no idea.


Yeah. Any more thoughts on that? Plenty. But that's what he is doing. He's at work. You know, he's got my attention, that's for sure. I just wish I could, I mean, he's trying to save us from this. That's the whole thing, right? Well, look how stubborn the prophets were, man. He had a tough time listening and he is telling them outright, I'm gonna die for your sins.


And, and they had a hard time believing and they were with him, you know, thankful. We do have the, the stories in the Bible though. Yeah. You know, he just, he sprinkles these things in our lives like, like your daughter, you know? And it's, and that sounds like a very profound moment, you know, not just 'cause you saved your daughter's life, but spiritually, you know, it's, we're all looking for some type of proof. Right. And 'cause it is, it's hard to believe this stuff.


It's, it's just, it is. And but when you get those little, sometimes they're not always little. Sometimes they slap you in the face just like what happened to you? I mean, that's, that's what that is. It's, in my opinion, that's what that is. That is, here's what you needed, you know, so that you can believe. And from what I've noticed in my journey, and I'm not very far along in this either, it sounds like our childhood was very similar. I mean, I grew up Catholic and I didn't really, you know, it was a hassle to go to church.


I didn't want go, didn't wanna go to Sunday school. I didn't wanna do any of that. I never, I never took it seriously until what I guess about two years ago. You know? And ever since then, like I just, I, I'm just always paying attention and I see now I even see little things that get, that get dropped, you know? And, and I just look at 'em like, oh that's alright. I'm on the right path. Or that's the sign that I needed.


And I think it happens all the time. Absolutely. But we just don't, we don't have the humility Yep. To listen. We think we have all the answers. Yep. Or we're so distracted in our own Yeah. Bullshit that we're not, it's impossible to see it. 'cause we're not, we're not looking. And so the the, you know, the more I can get out of the noise and, and start paying attention, it's just like having your eyes wide open. You know, everywhere they, they come all they come all the time.


It's pretty cool, pretty cool stuff. Especially when you know it's real and you know what it is And you're convicted. Yeah. It's just building that conviction is what's tough. Yeah. Though that stuff that you were talking about with Earth though, that, that just made me, I just had that conversation or just used that marble reference like, I think it was last weekend. I can't remember who the hell I was talking to, but that's just how I envision it, you know, that's just how I envision what's going on in the world and how it's all, how it all plays out.


Yeah. But, but what got you, so what got you interested in becoming an astronaut anyways? Relationships that I'd built and fostered over over the years. When I was coming off the Thunderbird assignment, I met a gentleman by the name of Jared Isman, very successful entrepreneur, no military background, but started his, his very successful multi-billion dollar payment processing company, parents' basement when he was 16. His passion has always been aviation.


So he progressed, started the hobby early 18 years old and just worked his way up in the civilian world. And he started a civilian air show demonstration team, former fighter pilots, former Thunderbirds. And I was not a part of that, but I had met them while they were doing air shows just through the community. And then that's when I first met Jared. And then a couple years later, I'm the commander of the aggressor squadron for the Air Force. So there's two units within the Air Force that have dedicated missions of, of doing adversary support op for just replicating the bad guys.


China, Russia tactics. And that's your sole purpose in life versus, and there's only two units, one in Vegas and one in Alaska. Otherwise if you're like stationed in Italy or Korea, you're, you're generating your own bad guys organically. So you'd be in your F 16, you'd dumb it down and, and simulate eight foreign tactics. Threat tactics helped me train and then we'd swap roles next day. It's not a very good use of resources, but there's two units dedicated to, to do this. And, and one's in Vegas where we have a lot of the red flag exercises, the big coalition exercises, the weapons school is located there.


So there's a lot of reasons why people go to Vegas, to, to train airspace is good area 51 area. And I was the commander of that organization. So that's, that was my job. And his airshow gig went on for about two years and he wanted to do something bigger. And he's always been a PATRIOT service has been a big part of, you know, who he is. And he had the resources to kind of, you know, develop some of this novel ideas. And, and one of 'em was, let's, let's turn this fleet of fighters doing air shows into a commercial adversary organization.


And now we can provide this service to the military DOD Air Force, Navy Army and in a casserole and, and the Marines and it's gonna be a fraction of the cost. So instead of doing it organically all over the world, you know, 20 grand an hour at the cheapest, let's do something where it's a fraction of the cost using old fleets of fighters that he will acquire a fours L one 50 nines f ones countries that are either disbanding their fleets of fi old fighter jets. Not that there's not a big market out there people, there's not many customers or their upgrading their fleet of generation aircraft to the next level.


So he goes out proactively and, and acquires a fleet from New Zealand, a fleet from Czech Republic, from Spain, from France, and builds the largest privately owned fleet of fighter jets. Wow. And this is while I was an aggressor. So we had a little bit of interaction. He's just bouncing ideas off me and just seeing if it's, you know, what, what's the likelihood of the Air force, you know, interested in this kind of concept. And so he builds this company, you know, build it and they will come kind of, before he even had a contract. And they did put in a lot of hard work. And, and eventually when I retired, I was coming off Afghanistan.


I'm like, the last thing I want to do is go fly airlines. That's a typical career path coming outta the military. And long story short, my wife was diagnosed with cancer when I was deployed right before I was deployed. And she's got to pick up the family, a a 10 a an eight and a 6-year-old move from a foreign country back to the US establish care in Boston with her oncologist and her husband's deployed to combat zone. So God bless her and, and her service to her country. So I was coming off of Afghanistan and I, the last thing I wanna do is go fly airlines.


I, and it's not my, it's not my jam. I I needed to do something different. So he was building this company and I'm like, Hey, you got any room for an old fighter pilot? 'cause I was staring at like, if I stayed in the military beyond 20, it's, you know, colonel, you're gonna one year remote here and a joint staff here and you have less and less control over your career. And we didn't know what Kristen's future was gonna look like with, with her issues. So he brings me on the team and he secures a contract with the Air Force, just a basic proof of concept contract.


And that just ignited, the industry turned into a $6 billion. It was like four primary players in this field. And they would just acquire all these fleets of aging fighters, kind of sweetened them up with, with better avionics, more capability. But the platform was, was still kind of a third generation, fourth generation. So it gave more iron in the sky for F 20 twos and F 30 fives to train against. So we, we, we established this first contract in Vegas, started supporting the Super Bowl of all Super Bowls, red flag exercises and weapons school. And we did that for about five years.


That was a blast. But I was, I started off flying, but I'm like, I kind of wanted do some different, so I got involved in the business development side. So I did that for about five years. He ends up selling the company 'cause he's going public with his, with his other company. And as soon as he left the, the culture changed and I lasted about a month and I'm like, I'm out. And so he pulls me over to shift four to do business development or strategy fish outta water. So I was doing FinTech, trying to figure it all out, just learning from him and his team.


And they're recent, recently gone public. It's, it's kind of a big deal company. But he started having conversations with SpaceX. So he starts building this relationship and it ended up being the, the first opportunity for a commercial flight, the first all civilian mission to space. So he secures the relationship and, and, and the contract for this mission. And you know, he, he's got a core of individuals like me and he brings us all together and he, he's like, Hey, here's, here's my vision and you know, we're all excited.


We might get to go to space. And he's like, no, this is not taking your buddies fishing. You know, this is something bigger. We're gonna, we're gonna make an impact with this. So that's where we started to develop. And this was 2020, right in the middle of Covid. We came up with this concept of the first all civilian mission space. We're gonna randomly select his crew and within six months we're gonna train them for space, take elements of NASA's training. 'cause they take three to four years before they go to space. So we, we obviously don't have that luxury and resources. So, and, and commercial space is about to make this huge paradigm shift in their philosophy.


There's only been, there was only two, I think civilians that had been to space one on a souse or both on soy use, I think, I'm not sure someone's gonna fact check me on that one. But, but this was like, this was the big deal. And so we randomly selected his crew and we wanted to partner with a nonprofit so we could have a continued impact, positive impact on life on earth. So we, well back up even a second, once he pitched this idea, I'm doing whole FinTech VP of strategy. I'm like, I'll do whatever you want.


This is more up my alley. And so I, I take on the role as the mission director. That's a little false humility on my part in the fact that a mission director sits in mission control and controls. That's not what I was doing. I was doing all the legwork, the coordination, the fundraising, the logistics, sitting through the training, but more as just because I was doing all these cats and dogs. So to, to, we ended up partnering with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital because he's, he's done other, he supported Make-A-Wish.


He just, this means a lot to him. And we had this platform and this opportunity to, to continue to improve life on earth, but let's, you know, let's explore what's out there as well. So we ended up giving one seat to St. Jude and then we were gonna do a sweepstakes for another seat and a contest for the fourth seat. So we ended up selecting Christmas, I think it was either right after day after Christmas or not. We, we have a conversation with the CEO at St. Jude and we ended up giving one seat to Haley Arseno, I think she was 28 at the time. She was a cancer survivor.


She beat cancer when she was 10. And she went on to be a physician's assistant at St. Jude because they saved her life. Great story. She's, she's a rock star. So we picked her and then we did a sweepstakes, the Super Bowl commercial in 21. And that kicked off our sweepstakes to raise money for St. Jude. Everything. Wow. A hundred percent for St. Jude. Whatever we made in this project with St. Jude ends up being $250 million. Wow. In, you know, less than, you know, a six month period. So we do sweepstakes 30 days and then we're gonna randomly pull a hat, a name out of the hat and, you know, and each seat had a quality or concept behind it.


Leadership, hope, generosity and prosperity were the three seats, if you will. Jared's leadership, hope was Haley Pros, generosity was the sweepstakes donations. And come to find out, we, we picked a name out of a hat and the individual who was selected medically disqualified himself. And so based on his generosity, he's like, I, I gotta give the seat back. I, I, I can't do this flight, but I appreciate the, and it, and we're like, no, this is your seat. You can do whatever you want with it.


And so he actually, through his generosity, gives it to one of his buddies who also made a donation. And that was Chris Am broski. And then we did a contest for the last seat. And that's the whole, you know, he was an entrepreneur. He had many opportunities or he, you know, through his hard work created opportunities and entrepreneurship and, and that he's a big believer in that. So we had a contest, you know, someone who was starting a small business and we, social media helped us, all these marketing companies and helped us. And we cel a panel of celebrities picked, you know, the best video promoting their small business.


So Dr. Cyan Proctor was the individual who picked for that seat. So the crew set, it was like end of February, beginning of March, immediately pick 'em up, take 'em to training. And over the next less than six months, they go through training and we do various things for the training centrifuge, the altitude chamber for pressure, altitude, just getting an idea of your hypoxic symptoms and stuff like that. And, and then all the simulator training. We climbed Mount Rainier for some experiential training. Some of the things that astronauts already do, we just kind of fighter jets.


We train them. Jared and I obviously flew. And the other two crew members or yeah, we'd swap the three in our backseats. So we'd give them experience in fighter jets and blah blah. So we go, we do this and it's hair on fire for six months just coming and going constantly going to headquarters, SpaceX headquarters in la We go to Johnson Space Center for training with NASA collaboration elements. And then we go to Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral. 'cause all human space flights outta there. Majority of the launches, almost 95% of 'em. There's been a couple that weren't off of Pad 39 alpha, but it's the historic one.


Shuttles Apollo right there in Cape Canaveral. And then they go to space. They spent three days in orbit, very successful splashed down in the Atlantic. And, and you know, we wrap it up in September, did a Netflix documentary called Countdown five part series. Kind of explains the entire project. It's pretty cool the week or the, the month leading up to their launch conversations about the next project began because we're having too much fun. But this is, we never do things.


It's, it's always what's the next step up. And so we started to formulate a program and which became the Polaris program, which is a three part up to three missions. And it's a, it's a developmental space flight program. And this is analogous to Project Gemini. So if you look at NASA's history, you got initial space blight with Project Mercury prove that we could get to space. And then you leapfrog, that was the fifties. And then leapfrog over to the late sixties and seventies when we went to the moon. You know, the PLO program.


Well in between there in the sixties, over a five year span, there's 12 missions called Project Gemini. And the purpose behind that developmental program was to solve some big challenges. They had to figure out how to dock vehicles in space to do a space walk, to do long duration missions, longer duration missions than mercury multi-crew missions. These are all things they had to solve before they headed to the moon. So in a similar fashion, we kind of, we kind of built the Polaris program off of a developmental concept where we're helping identify what challenges does SpaceX and and other companies face trying to get back to the lunar surface and Mars and beyond.


The first two missions of the Polaris program are aboard the Falcon nine with the dragon castle. And then the third flight is supposed to be the first human space flight of Starship, which will might be launching in the next couple hours, test flight eight. Wow. Largest rocket ever built. Bigger than Saturn five. That's the vehicle that will, that I believe will go back to the moon And that will go to Mars. So that's the idea behind the Polaris program. And then the first mission we did in September, it's called Polaris Dawn. And based on our conversations with SpaceX and Elon about what do we want to accomplish again, what challenges, well we gotta do a spacewalk it.


The idea is that we want hundreds, if not thousands of people bouncing on the surface of the moon. We gotta build a spacesuit. So, and we gotta do a spacewalk. So let's do the first commercial spacewalk. Well we're pushing the envelope. So let's extend the capabilities of the Falcon nine and, and the dragon capsule and go further and fast. You know, further and further than someone anyone's been in over 50 years. And you know what came out of that is let's set the earth orbit altitude record. It was originally set by Gemini 11 back in 1966. Pete Conrad and Dick Gordon went up to 1368 kilometers.


Put that in context. The station's right around 400 star, star links right around 3 50, 300, 3 50 kilometers. Where do we want to go? Well, ideally let's, let's go touch the lower portions of the Van Allen belt. Higher radiation level caused by the gravitational pull. And let's just, let's push the envelope. So it was about the spacewalk, it was about the altitude. And then communication's a big challenge, especially when we talk about going to Mars eight months, you know, the, the broadband requirements and the latency issues.


Imagine sending back a, a combine that's 30 minutes old, if not hours, what's it, it becomes obsolete at that point. You've already solved whatever issue you're working on or your situation's a hell of a lot worse. So starlink is the future of communication with it being laser based. Let's see if we can get it to work from space for the very first time. Works on earth, great. We would take these dishes. We actually took some to the Ukraine in the beginning of the war to drop off. So St. Jude satellite hospitals. 'cause they were getting destroyed in the beginning. So they had to relocate and take all these patients and kids to Poland and Macedonia.


And we delivered some, some starlings. So St. Jude could set up their hospitals and have telecommunications or telemedicine capability with doctors back at, at Memphis. So works on earth, we gotta figure out if it works on, in, in in space, which was a cosmic feat in and of itself for the engineers to figure that one out. And then, oh by the way, we're gonna be up there for five days. That's the life of, you know, that's about as long as you can exist up there in that capsule alone, not docking with a space station.


Let's fill it with science and research and we'll focus those 40 experiments on again, what are the challenges the human body faces for these longer duration missions in the future? 'cause that's gonna be the li you know, kids' opinion. That's the biggest limb factor. Limiting factor is gonna be the human body. Hmm. Because austere environment of space is, it's tough, you know, besides being a vacuum, you gotta deal with zero gravity, loneliness, psychological issues, just we are meant for one G on earth. Yeah. So, so those were the four main objectives. And then we spent three years training for those objectives.


And how did you get picked? So based on my contributions during inspiration four and the fact that I had operational test background, I did a lot of tests. There's a unit called the 4 2 2 testing evaluation squadron at Nellis. Where we do, we test new weapons, new software, new computer systems. And on the platform, it's not a test pilot Chuck Yeager type developmental test that's done at Edwards, that's done testing on the platform. This is more specific to weapons and, and software upgrades and capabilities.


So I've had background experience in doing operational test and this being a test program, it it, it was kind of a logical fit. I caveat that with there are plenty of people in this world that could have been in my seat. I I know I'm very blessed to have this opportunity. And again, God's influence for sure, especially going through the training. 'cause you got Jared, very experienced astronaut, been a space already, already highly intellectual individual, knows these systems inside and out. And oh by the way, we're, we're going up in the same capsule he's already been up in, so he's, he's, he didn't even have to study.


He does 'cause he is a dedicated individual. But, and then we have our two other crew members and we kind of, this is a collaboration partnership with SpaceX. So we gave two seats, two SpaceX, and we selected Sarah Gilli and Anna Menon. And they were both engineers that were involved in the first mission. So Sarah, she was graduate of CU Boulder, one of the smartest individuals I've ever met. She was hired as a SpaceX engineer to be the lead astronaut trainer. So she teaches astronauts how to operate the vehicle so she knows the systems inside and out.


In fact, she's teaching our instructors things as we go through this program. And then Anna Menon, she's got a master's in biomedical engineering. She used to work at nasa and she was hired by SpaceX to, to pretty much write the procedures, the nominal procedures, contingencies for our vehicle. So again, these two know the systems inside and out. And then you got kid outdoor education, barely graduates college. So I know my place, it kind of tainted my, my attitude or approach in the beginning. And it took some failed training events to, to wake me up.


And that kind of gets back to that whole, it's not about me. There's, there's, there's a lot riding on this and I need to step up because I'm being way too reliant upon my crew to pull me along. 'cause you know, we go into this program, it's developmental. We only have three years to, to focus on these huge milestones. So it's like, hey, we're gonna assume everyone's knowledge is right around here and we're only gonna focus on this, this top tier stuff. And I'm kind of going along, get along. I'm also, I have this fear of failure, fear of judgment and doubt. Not that they would ever judge me, but it's like I'm hanging on and I'm, you know, when I'm asked questions, it's like, I'll deflect with humor.


I'll respond questions with questions, phone a friend, use way too much leverage on the crew. Not fully grasping, Hey, this takes a full team. This takes all four crew members. Because there might be situations where, you know, they lean on me in time of need and if, if I fail them because I didn't get my game where it needs to be, this could go really bad. And, you know, my wake up call was actually, you know, it is a training scenario. We're in the simulator. There's, there's kind of three levels of training that we did. We did physiological training.


That's the centrifuge, the altitude chamber, the vacuum chamber, the zero G flights. There's the, the practical training that we went through. Experiential mountaineering, scuba diving, skydiving flying, fighter jets. And then there's the procedural where we spend a majority of our time and the simulator. And they would give us very difficult situations, scenarios, you know, some very unlikely. But, you know, it's to test our knowledge and our experience and our teamwork and all that stuff. And one of the scenarios was, Jared is incapacitated for whatever reason he's out. And now we gotta do an emergency deorbit. And based on the configuration of the cockpit or the capsule, there's three displays.


And Jared and I sit in the middle as the commander of the pilot. And we are the only ones with access to those three screens. And that's where all the systems and procedures are. And then the outboard seats, Sara Nana, mission specialists, they, they can't see the screens when they're strapped in their seat. You know, 90% of the mission we're, we're out of our seats floating around and doing whatever. And you have access to the screens. You just float underneath. And well, Jared's incapacitated, well in nominal procedures, he's doing everything. And I'm backing him up. I'm just kind of verifying what he's doing action wise and checks and balances while he's out. So kids there to save the day and I fail miserably.


It's the most humbling experience. 'cause I can't keep up. I make the wrong decisions. I can't rely upon these two because they can't see what I'm looking at on the screen. It was just, it was an epic fail. And that was the attitude adjustment that I had. I'm like, I gotta step up. I gotta, I gotta change. I gotta be more humble, you know, have more humility in the fact that I need to rely upon my, and be honest with my weaknesses and lean on my crew members because they gotta get, help me get my knowledge where it needs to be. And I need to be, I need to be authentic in the fact that if I'm gonna set goals to get my knowledge to where it needs to be, I gotta be true to myself and, and know where my limits are.


But it's, it's got to get to a certain threshold. If, if, you know, because again, getting back to this is a hundred percent, this is zero fail. We have to, you know, have mission success or we're gonna set the entire space exploration program. Not just SpaceX, but everybody back. Yeah. And it, you know, we're doing things, we're doing some crazy shit. Yeah. Anyways, that's a lot. That's that. Wow. And how long was this timeline? Three years. Three years. We were supposed to launch it. The big, the biggest challenge in talking about space, I go on all, all day long, how smart these people are.


The long pole in the tent was the development of the EVA suit. So they had to build a brand new suit that, you know, the IVA suit they wear to and from the station. It's, it's meant to pressurize in, in the case of a, a depressed situation and keep astronauts alive. But it's not in, it meant intentionally to go outside of the capsule in the vacuum of space. So they had to build a new suit. So they took the, the prototype, the, the IBA suit and spent years enhancing, you know, with a big focus on thermals. 'cause the 250 degree plus or minus swing when you're either in the sun or in the clips of the plane.


Wow. So it's plus or minus 250 degrees. Mobility is a concern because it's pressurized. So, and we had to come up with a way to bring the entire capsule down to vacuum. 'cause we don't have the luxury of an airlock like they have in the space station. So we have to bring the entire capsule, which means we're all four gonna be pressurized, which has never been done before, never had four astronauts involved in the same spacewalk. So we had to come up with this novel, pre-brief approach profile where we're gonna bring the, the, the pressure down in the capsule, increase the oxygen levels.


'cause we're all, we're trying to mitigate the risk of DCS. What's DCS? Decompression Sickness. Oh, okay. So nitrogen bubbles. Sc scuba concerns. Yeah. Because if we, if we do it too rapidly or 'cause, 'cause on the, on the space station and the airlock, they're gonna pre-read a hundred percent oxygen and it's gonna purge all those nitrogen bubbles outta your system. So DCS isn't a huge concern. It's still minor, but it's not huge. We don't have enough gas oxygen on board to purge our entire system. So we have to come up with this stair step approach where we'll increase the oxygen, mitigate the risk, bring the, the pressure down so we get closer and closer.


So we're, we're climatizing the body to those lower pressures with increased oxygen levels. And we're not eating up our, our gas consumption too soon. Anyways. So back to the suit, their big focus in the development of over that three year period was thermals mobility. They came up with these new funky joints, certain bearings on all these joints to have mobility because you want it pliable. When you're not pressurized, you wanna be able to move, you know, it's a one piece, it's got a big old spiral zipper around the waist.


It's just a zipper, you know, you just cinch it down as, as maybe almost like a dry suit. Okay. But it handles pressure. So I, we were just over five PSI delta. So as we're coming down, you know, we're at 14.7 at sea at, you know, sea level. And then, you know, as you go up to the Mount Everest, it's, I don't know where it's at, you know, nine 10 PSI. And then eventually you're gonna work it down until you know you can't survive anymore. And that pressure delta is always gonna be a plus five. So as long as we maintain that plus five, the suit's pressurized and we can bring it all the way down to a vacuum and then open the hatch and go outside.


And so that was a big focus is coming up with all these different thermal layers, like 12 different layers. The the, the visor had to be changed. They added a helmet mounted site or, yeah, more of a hud not a queuing system. We didn't laser PP it just projected like pressure, temperature, duration. Like a heads up display. Yeah. Okay. That's exactly what it was. A little monocle. And it's just, this team was insane. They would, it's like a monster garage. So they would piecemeal, I'd be walking around this Frank Genine suit, this glove is, this arm is completely different and this bearing's different. And we would be trying out all this stuff.


We'd go home on Friday, we'd fly back on Monday for more training. And it's completely revamped. Hey, we're gonna try out this HUD with this monocle, see what you like. Give us some feedback. And and this was what it was like over the course of, of two and a half years going through this program is developing. And you look at the, the initial like, holy shit, I'm going to space in this suit to the final product. It was like, it's, it was insane. Damn. And that took, you know, decades for other EVA suits to be developed. And billion dollar programs. This was done on, you know, millions.


I don't know how much it costs, but, and in two and a half years, granted, I mean it's umbilical, so we're attached to the vehicle to pump in that oxygen and nitrogen nitrox. But full faith and confidence, this is only, you know, it's probably revamped, you know, it's been six months. They're probably on, you know, version six, six to nine at this point on a new suit. And they'll come up with some self-contained. They, they got it. You know, they're, Wow. They're all like, I was like, I'm like the 51 year, I'm like the oldest dude. They're all like 20 something 30 year olds.


Brilliant, brilliant. Very passionate. I just, I love that organization. 'cause Elon and Gwen, they, they set the vision. There's no doubt this is the vision for the organization, but they're very flat structure where everyone is empowered and everyone feels empowered. And that just breeds and fosters this environment of, of passion. So, you know, they're willing to work those long hours and long days because they're, they're doing things that are changing the world, you know, starlink and everything they're doing at SpaceX and, and what they're able to accomplish in such a short period.


And, and they have this, you know, the fail fast mentality. Like when you see Starship, if it blows up, it blows up. Doesn't matter. We're gonna learn so much from that and they'll take it and make the next damn version even better. So, But what do you telling your family? You gotta be worried about this. Right? I, I'll tell you it was, I, yeah, we had our moments. It was, it was tough. Yeah. Deploying to combat is one thing, you know, when you intentionally sign up to go to space on a developmental test space flight, especially when you thought we were into our retirement years.


Yeah, it was, it was tough. God bless her for, for hanging on and putting up with me. Is she glad you did it? Yeah, I mean certainly I pride is not a great thing to, to, but she's proud of, of all the accomplishments and what we did. And she's very thankful. It's over obviously. And I'm safe. Like I said, she's, she's a believer and she knew it was in God's hands, but it's still a leap of faith, especially watching that rocket go off. Being strapped to that rocket is an unwavering level of trust.


'cause I'm not in control, you know, fighter jet. Yeah, Yeah. I'm doing the inputs. I can control that. And oh, by the way, if shit's not working out, I can punch any e jack rocket chip's. A lot different. Yeah. What's, I mean, how, okay, so how long did it take you to get up there? So, And how did, how exactly did this go? Was the spacewalk at the same altitude as the No, everything was done. Different altitudes, highly elliptical, meaning we was, we'd go far and then pass on the backside really close. So 1400 kilometers by one 90, our entry altitude was 1200 by one 90.


So that was just to kind of go through some checks in the systems. And then after a couple orbits, we bumped up, we did some phase burns to get up to that 1400. We set the record, we did about eight orbits at that altitude to do some radiation testing. And then we brought it back down to seven 50 ish. And that's where we did the spacewalk. So was that the last thing? No, that was day three. So it was five days. So the first day bleeding into the, the second day was the altitudes. And then we phased down immediately.


And then the third day is when we did the spacewalk. And then the rest of the days were all assigned some research, sterling testing everything else. Well, let's walk, let's walk. So initial entry into space. So even, I Kind of touched on this earlier, I Mean even the, even strapping in, you know, I, I don't know if I told you it's, it produces 1.7 million pounds of thrust. So that's equivalent of, of 70 F sixteens, 6 69 F sixteens because I'm a fighter pilot. One F 16 is mach two 1500 miles an hour pulling nine Gs.


This thing is like the equivalent of 70. And what's the big delta? People ask me what, what's it like comparing to find a fighter versus a a, you know, spaceship. Spaceship is, I'm in control in, in a fighter. So if, if I'm not digging the G forces, I can ease off in, in a spacecraft. It just continues to accelerate. Doesn't give a shit how you feel. And it's different G-Force. So in a fighter jet, it's, it's head to toe. This is the Z axis I believe. So it's centrifugal force that, you know, when you pull back on that stick, it's, it's centrifugal force that causes that GForce and that pooling of the blood in lower extremities.


The, the fear of passing out because the blood leaves the brain. That's why you wear the, the GSU and, and do the G strain to kind of restrict that blood flow. That is a lot different because in a spaceship, based on the orientation of the seat, the GForce is through the chest. So it's this and, and it, and it builds up to about four and a half Gs. And so once you, you know, right before liftoff this rocket is alive, it's venting, it's hissing, it's making all these knocks and pings, it's swaying. So the strom back gets retracted and it's just sitting there balancing, just waiting to go. And you can feel this sway and it's just like, Oh man.


And you, all you're doing is watching the clock. You're strapped in. You're, I mean, they, they cinch on you, you know, in Apollo 13, they put your foot on, you yank it and they don't, they don't mess up the suit, but it's pretty damn tight. And advisor's down and you know, here we go. You know. By the way, how Long are you in there before takeoff or before launch? What do you call it? Launch? That's, That's a whole different story. I, I have an old man bladder. Yeah, I was wondering that. I mean, besides that, I mean I don't, I mean, I don't know how you work in, in pre mission going to combat, but me, I feel like I gotta pee like yeah, every, every two minutes. Like, oh shit, I gotta go again.


Oh shit, I gotta go. Like then you hear the helos, oh yeah, that I'm a guy. Gotta go. People always ask me, what was, were you scared? I mean, that's a lot of anticipation, Dude. I, I wasn't scared. I was scared about drowning in my own pee. I peed eight times 'cause we, we went delay after delay for weather and I would, I couldn't hold it. So I'm, you know, we wear these, they're called mags, maximum absorbency, garment depends. And I went eight times and I'm drenched and I'm freezing. I got trench foot, it's just like pooling. And it's like I'm in the middle of this and I'm freezing my butt off shaking.


I'm literally just shivering. I'm like, please, let's just get to space so I can get into some warm clothes. And then I'm thinking to myself, zero gravity, is this gonna float up into my helmet? You can just see the, the headline now astronaut drowns in his own hang. He, I don't know. So that's what was going through my mind during this launch phase. But back to the launch, it just, you know, the, once the clock expires, those nine Maryland engines, they just, they just come alive and it's like an earthquake. It just shakes your world. You know, you can't concentrate on anything.


It's just, and it's like slow mo 'cause it just lifts off and it just slowly starts to build and accelerate and faster and faster. And the first first segment is two and a half minutes. And you're watching the clock and you're watching your, your profile and you're going up, it's a inclination of 51.6 degrees and it takes you right up the coastline. And the reason why is, is if anything happens, the capsule will eject off the booster and splash down in the Atlantic Ocean. So you have all those resources along the coast versus going directly out, you know, over the Atlantic. And now you're in the middle of the ocean and you know, you never get recovered kind of thing.


So it, it just, it it's accelerating and you're going faster and faster and faster. And, and two and a half minutes is you're waiting for miko main engine cutoff and the G-forces start to build up and it's, it's four and a half G so it just feels like somebody is just sitting on your chest and there's a lot of pressure on the neck. So it's hard to talk and breathe and it's just, it's an endurance event. So in a fighter jet, it's just, you pulse nine Gs and you deplete your energy state. So you can't, can sustain nine Gs. But four and a half or two for, for two and a half minutes is, is fairly intense. And then miko happens. And when miko happens, it's just a big old boom and you get launched forward in your straps and you float because of that deacceleration because that, you know, you're no longer connected to the booster and you're waiting for the separation to happen.


And it's the longest 10 seconds of your life because you have to have the adequate separation for the second stage to light. This is a big old Maryland vacuum engine. It's only one engine, but it's massive, 220,000 pounds of thrust for one engine. And as soon as that light it, as soon as that engine light, it's just a bam, you're back in the seat and now you're, you're on a six minute ride and those G-forces build back up to four and a half. And now you're just on this trajectory. Eventually you get to about 200 kilometers and you, you level off 'cause you're kind of above the atmosphere and you're just accelerating and you're trying to get as fast as possible. And you get up to 17,500 miles an hour is is orbital velocity.


It keeps you in orbit. Otherwise you get pulled back down into earth. 'cause gravity's constantly pulling on you even at 17 five. But you're just falling in the same orbit all around earth. But if you go slower, eventually gravity pulls you back into the atmosphere, you hit all the gases in the atmosphere and you slow down drag. Hmm. But once you get up there, you accelerate 17 five, mach 25, you're going five miles a second and you're waiting for that CCO to happen second stage cutoff. And that's where that second stage will separate. And when that happens, again, it's just this boom, you've separated and now you're floating and now you're in that, that transition that, you know, fluid shift organs are shifting brain lift.


Did I explain this? I don't even remember if I did or not a little bit. I talked about the space adaptation, the disorientation that tumbling. Other things that happen is the, the fluid in your body is shifting, so it's free floating. So your organs are actually kind of moving around and your, your brain is floating in CSF, but gravity's pulling on it, well up there it starts to shift up and it floats inside your skull and it causes this like space fog. It is almost like this fullness. And if you see images of us, we look full like bloated, swollen. It's almost like if you hang upside down from your bed, that blood rush, it's just constant.


Hmm. And it's, it's something you have to get used to and it it can have an impact. Like I had this chronic headache, mild headache. I actually, I did an experimental surgery for this mission a couple years prior. One of the big concerns is intracranial pressure. So the fluid in your spine, the CSF in your brain, the pressure changes zero gravity. So it actually applies pressure to the ocular nerve and changes the shape of your eyeball. It flattens your eyeball and it affects the visual acuity. It ac actually can cause temporary blindness.


A couple astronauts have had temporary blindness, Linus. So you imagine the concern you're on your way to Mars and you go blind or you lose significant visual acuity. We don't know much about it because we've only done non-invasive experiments, contact lenses that take pressure measurements, little guns that you squeeze and point into the eye, take measurements. But those are all non-invasive. They're not, they're not as as accurate as we would like. And, and nasca, NASA being somewhat risk adverse. They've never been a invasive experiment.


There's no real volunteers and commercial isn't really a thing yet. My kid's dumb enough. Yeah, I'll do it. So I signed up for this experimental surgery where they're going to surgically implant a transducer into my, underneath my ribcage. And that transducer takes measurements and it's got a catheter that runs up into my spinal column. So they drill a hole into my spinal column and they slide up about 10 centimeters of this catheter. And now that fluid can flow into the transducer. And we have this wand just, you know, brush the wand over the transducer and it takes a measurement. So you take measurements before, during, and after and now you can, you can understand the pressure changes so we can learn more about it.


Unfortunately the, I did the surgery and for some reason the, the, the technique used the catheter backs out of my spinal column. And so I just have a big hole leaking CSF and that was debilitating. I am, I couldn't function. I literally just, you know, lay down. I couldn't, I couldn't, you know, it's just this massive, massive headache. And I have the most utmost respect for hydrocephalus patients. The swelling of of the brain, just, it's absolutely debilitating. So they had to do emergency blood patch into my spinal column and then eventually I had to do another surgery to, to remove all the shit in my, geez, I had 11 surgeries the one year leading up to space.


Damn. Random shit. Damn Appendix, gallbladder, ERCPs, this hernias, you name it old. But it was a, So you go straight up to sorry. Yes. Yeah, you go straight to you did, you said there was some, you did a couple of orbits at a lower altitude and then shot up to, what was It, 1408.1 was the rec is the record, which will be broken in, you know, in, in no time once we continue to explore and push the envelope.


And then we did that for eight orbits because the radiation level was, was a concern cycles on the hardware software as well as the human body didn't want to expose too much. It was the equivalent of like three to four months living on the ISS, what they're exposed to. And, and our eight orbits, because it's a pretty intense band of radiation called the vennel limb belts. And then we brought it down to seven 50 ish, I think it was. And you were up there for how many days? Three days? No, up there was just eight orbits. So 106 minutes times eight, whatever that equals hour and a half, I don't know, 12 hours, 12, 14 hours.


So when you were up there, I mean, could you see the whole earth at once? No, there was, I wish I had pictures. Do you have pictures? Oh yeah, absolutely. iPhone. That's, we took thousands of pictures with our iPhone. Can you send me some? Absolutely. They're all, they're all over the internet. We have a flicker page I'll send you that's got really cool. We have videos, time lapse. The best pictures actually are from outside the capsule. It looks like CGI looks fake. It's not just like the moon, but it's just, they modified again, standard SpaceX, badass. They had a camera outside a selfie cam with a fisheye lenss outside the, the hatch, the nose cone.


So it had this beautiful picture of the, the spacewalk just time lapse of all the, you know, the, the evolution of the light, all that stuff. So I'll send you plenty. So could you see the whole, No, you could see good portion of it, but you couldn't, we weren't far enough away. There was enough underneath. And the, you know, there's windows aren't that great. I mean it's, there's two windows. They're about that big. And then the Ford hatch, the actual hatch has a window in it. What's it like looking out into nothing Very eerie.


Sometimes depending on the lighting, but you could see stars and sometimes you couldn't, especially when the, the dracos are firing. It's you all you see is this hue of, of yellows and reds from the, from the fuel exhaust. But there were times where it's just billions of stars. I mean more than you could ever imagine. We did see constellation of starlink. It passed like 70 kilometers away ish. Which it's pretty close. I mean, relatively speaking. They track all that. It's called MMOD, micro meteorite orbital debris.


Any shit that's, you know, worthy of Well, anything that big would put a hole in your, in your capsule. But What was, I mean, what was the, what was the routine up there? Were you guys just, did you have to be, were you doing stuff or Oh Yeah. Or no, it was, it was constant. We packed a lot. 10 pounds of shit into a six pound sock. It was, it was a lot. 'cause we wanted to make it. I mean, how many astronauts have there been, you know, it's, we gotta maximize this opportunity and leverage every minute and second we have. So we had a very intense timeline.


And then you talk about all the adaptation to the environment. It's just like you're, you're challenged to do any Downtime Sleep. I slept maybe three, four hours a night if I was lucky. It's tough. I mean if you're a back sleeper, it's, it's okay. 'cause by the time you fall asleep, you're flat as a board levitating, like exorcist type above the bed. And the, these seats are like bucket seats, almost like a racing kind of seat. But you loosely connect the super, the seatbelt. 'cause you would float away, but by the time you fall asleep and falling asleep is tough because since you're floating you feel like you're falling.


So it was just the, once you hit like rem it's like you get startled and wake up 'cause you feel like you're falling. And so you go through this cycle until eventually you get so tired. I'm just, you fall asleep and then when you wake up, you're just this flat as a board. Wow. We'd have these little, you know, down sleeping bags, just these little profile kind of things for comfort. Jared would sleep up on the top. I think Sarah slept on the bottom. I slept in my seat and you know, it was just wherever you could find space. What are you guys eating? You know, it's like, so people ask why do you mountain? What, what does mountaineering have to do with space fight?


Well there's, there's a lot of consistencies and you know, when you, when you climb a mountain and we did, one of our guides took us, ed Viser, I don't know if you know Ed, he's only American to summit all 14, 8,000 meter peaks without oxygen American. Anyways, he took us down to co epoxy Ecuador in 19,328 foot volcano. Multiple days. Get up close to the summit. By the time you get up there, man, you're, you're hungry, you're dehydrated, you're sleep deprived, you're dealing with oxygen, you know, issues with altitude. You're in confined space in the tent and very consistent to how you feel in a capsule.


And this gets to your question, you're just not that hungry. You're eating camp food because we're gonna bring this entire capsule down to vacuum. So if there's much, if there's a lot of water in any of the food, it just DAPs it. It's just gonna freeze it and you know, it's not gonna taste good. So we had a little bit of fresh food to kick kickoff cold pizza, these empanadas and little, little Hawaiian roll sandwiches. Otherwise that was gone. I was the only one eating. I mean I'm, you know, being an endurance guy, I'm just like, rah. And I felt great.


So my crew members were like here kid. And so I was the only one eating this stuff. But otherwise it's like cliff bars, beef jerky, that kind of stuff. Yeah, just to sustain till you get five days. Five days. I mean you didn't really want to sleep, but you felt like you had to do something. You wanna make the most of it. But all of our time was science and research. And then the prep leading up to the spacewalk, that was a big deal because you guys, I mean how, how much time do you get to look at earth and look at, look at the vastness of space? I mean little, a couple minutes Glimpses.


Yeah, because in the, the brightness of the, of the sun, it is, it's, you know, it's not worthy of pictures. So it's not like we're focused 'cause it's so bright and it's dark in the capsule. So it's really tough photography wise. It was more the transitions that were like, oh my god, that's amazing. The thin blue line. And then as sunrise and sunsets happened that that was really cool. The low altitudes catching, you know, crossing over, you know, Egypt and the Gaza or Giza and the Nile and Suez and Israel. That was beautiful.


'cause your, your profile, the way you fly around the earth is, it's, it's pretty consistent. You're, you're descending over Europe into Africa, India, Australia. And then you start climbing back up through the US and then back down. It's just how the orbit is with the rotation. And interesting. This, how long would it take to orbit the earth? It's 106 minutes for our orbit. 106. It's usually like 90 minutes for like the station hour and a half to get around. We were an hour and 46 minutes. That's because of this highly elliptical profile that we did with the, the furthest is called the apogee. And that was a 1408.


And then the, the lowest closest on the backside of that orbit is called para G. And that was the one ninety, a hundred ninety kilometers. Which is like you're skimming the atmosphere. It's, it's close. Wow. Yeah. So we were just doing, you would catch a glimpse while you're doing all the science and research blood samples and simple stuff that we don't think about that we have to solve for like triage. You know, you stick a hundred passengers on a, on a starship that's headed to Mars, shit's gonna happen.


Cardiac arrests you are gonna have to incubate CPR, whatever. Those aren't easy things to do, especially in the volume of like a Starship where you don't have leverage per se. Whereas small capsule do, we had to do a CPR test, little compression thing, little trainer kind of thing. Click, click, click. And just simply getting leverage to do CPR for two minutes 'cause it's equal. And opposite reaction you push and now you're floating. Yeah. How do you get leverage? You just put your feet on the ceiling And so you'd have to move the patient over to one seat because you can't get to the patient underneath the other two seat. It's, you gotta think about every little detail airway assessment.


So the shape, everything changes shape wise. So you airway becomes more constricted. So if you're gonna incubate and need to stick something down someone's throat, it's a different shape. So we don't know exactly what those changes are. So I did a endoscopic camera exam of my airway. So this camera, this long little antenna, just stick it down the nose, down to the airway and you're taking images before, during, and after the flight. And all the smart people will go back and take this information. CGMs, someone's gonna have diabetes who goes to space. A simple CGM little device doesn't work so well in space.


So just simple stuff, drawing blood. 'cause you know, as soon as blood it's floating. So you're so used to gravity on some of these devices that, that draw blood. They weren't working in space so we had to test new ones to draw blood. So what does there have to be suction? There's a little bit, it's like a part of it was centrifugal force. The one we tested didn't work. It was a device you just slap on, you push a button and it's supposed to like draw, but it, it was having difficulties because zero gravity, the fluid is just floating man.


Another cool test was, it was an ambulance in a box, literally just a suitcase pelican case. And it had all these leads. And so you go in cardiac arrest, we're sticking all these leads on doing a and we can do an EKG and oxygen, blood pressure, pulse, anything and everything. All that's fed through starlink down to the smart doctors on earth. And they can monitor patients from space with this new device and it's never been tested before. So Very Interesting, cool stuff like that. Yeah, yeah. Wow. So let's, so the space walk, So this was, I mean that had to scare the shit outta you, right?


Yeah. It's I think getting town to vacuum, Especially looking out into nothing That was the fear came before that. And it was as you started to go down to, to vacuum. 'cause this suit, it's the only spacesuit that is a single panel of a, a visor. This iridium whatever glow gold plated kind of thing. It is the only suit that's a single layer. You know, the EMU suits they wear, they're multi-layered and you know, different shades and stuff like that. So it's literally just this thin between you and death, you know?


'cause if, if you lose pressure, pray that it's a slow leak and you can repressurize the capsule in time, but Probably not. Yeah, I didn't want to think about that too much. But you're, you know, you're, you're watching, you're watching the, the one in the hud 'cause that's your suit pressure and it's, it, it should be additional five PSID above whatever the capsule is. So, you know, if we're at like 10, I hope I'm, I'm reading 15. And then as it comes down, you know, eventually I see five and I know the capsule, we're in a vacuum so we can just simply open the hatch.


And so that is just a, and then it's just this whole compartmentalize the box breathing. You know, I'm just, because you're in this confined space and if you're claustrophobic at all, I mean there were, there were events in training where you're, you're playing along with the scenario and you're rushing around because something happened is, you know, emergency situation and the visor is down and it's 12 layers thick. And the idea is to retain your heat. But that is a huge concern because at some point you cross a threshold where your body can't cool itself anymore, you're just gonna cook inside the suit because it can't cool fast enough.


The airflow isn't that great. There's some vents right here on the vis just right by the visor and the gas from the umbilical. But if you catch yourself overheating too fast, it's a point of no return kind of feeling. And you start to like have this hyperventilation feeling. 'cause you're just trying to calm yourself down. And so you would experience this in training because you're, you're jumping all around and you're at one g having to fight the pressure of this suit. And it's just, so, it's almost like that meditative state you had to get into for the spacewalk because of you did not wanna like ever get yourself anywhere near, I never did.


You know, you, especially where I was sitting and what I did, my role during the, the spacewalk, 'cause I stayed in my seat. So we only had enough gas to send two astronauts out, 15 minute increments. That's all we had. But technically the hatch, it's literally right there. I mean space is right there. It's, I just didn't get to stick my head out, wanted to. But I'm locked in my seatbelt. And same with Anna. And then Jared and Sarah were the ones that in the middle seats did the swap. So it was one at a time, One at a time. That's all it fits.


'cause you're pressurized. So the volume in the capsule when you're pressurized, especially Jared's not a, not a small human. He is six something, six two or six four, I don't know what he's, but he takes up a lot of that volume. You know, I'm just a widow guy. So I, and I'm over my side, nana's over her side and Sarah's small. So, but so enough room for him to get up, do his thing. 15 minutes, did some mobility testing out there. I mean The outside holy shit, by yourself. I thought that, I thought you'd have a buddy or something. You have a Kevlar cord for Tether and then you have the umbilical.


So it's, and then I guess I could, I could grab him if I had to. What are they doing out there? Mobility tests. He got a beautiful view. So as soon as he opened the hatch, well we actually had an issue with the hatch opening I can talk about. But as soon as he got the hatch open, man Earth just filled that entire, it was, it was unbelievable. And I got a great view of it. And Jerry got a great view about halfway through his window, sunset happened. So it got all black. So Sarah actually went out and it was just black. We were in the eclipse of the plant.


So it was pretty dark when she went out. There's ambient light from the capsule and, and there's, there's lights up there and she's got a light on her visor, but it's our camera. But the hatch. So our protocol was, Jared is going, once we get down to vacuum, everything's good. He's going to unlock it, break the seal, get out of the way, and it's gonna be automated because they were concerned about him exerting too much force and generating heat. And that was a big concern. Well, as soon as he unlocked and and broke the seal, it would automatically close on its own.


Come to find out the residual pressure from our suits was forcing the, the hatch to close. So he would open a little bit more, but it wasn't enough. Finally, you know, again, based on the training that we went through and the rehearsals and these scenarios, we were, it was meant for it. Our backup game plan was just to do a manual. Jared's just gonna open the hatch. So that was the, the first issue, the only issue that we had was he had a default to a manual with Hatch opening, which was kind of cool. And so he opens it and, and there's earth and he goes outside first commercial space walk.


It was, wow. It was surreal. And a lot of people love, there were a lot of doubters out there. You know, social media's an evil thing. But a lot of people doubted what we were doing, what SpaceX was able to accomplish. I'm sure Elon gets it constantly. I mean, just starting the rocket business and doing boosters landing on, you know, on drone ships and now catching boosters with chopsticks. It's, it's, it's not a matter of if it's just when, when are we gonna accomplish all these things?


And, And so, so he comes back in and then Sarah goes out and then she gets her 15 minutes. And then we're just, our role in the, in under underneath was just to manage the umbilical cords and safety monitoring the systems. 'cause if anything happens it's like aboard, aboard, abort, get back inside, close the hatch repressurize. And we could, you know, we could live in those suits for hours if not days pressurized. And we would eventually, you know, repressurize and deorbit if anything ever happened. But Man, Yeah.


How long do you think it'll be before the majority of Americans have been in space? You know, it, it's absolutely inevitable. I believe it for sure it's gonna happen. The concept of launching these starships and as soon as it starts taking the first human, it's, it's not gonna be long after that. It's 'cause they're already building out the, it's called Eccles or the architecture, the infrastructure inside these, they have prototypes of, they got 'em down in star, star base in, in Texas where they do the launches is mockups of what it would look like in theory. And it's almost like these little cubicles, they're spiral stacked inside this immense, you know, it's, I don't know if it's 30 by 30, 30 foot diameter and cross, but it's, ours is 12 feet.


I think it's 12 feet. 12 or 14 feet. I think it's 12 feet is the diameter of our capsule. This is like 30. And it's like you have all this volume to float across. And, and, and the idea is these little cubicles, almost like these Japanese trains that have little, just enough space to lay down, but hundreds of these spiral stacked up inside this capsule. And you got multiple levels. So now you have all the living quarters and then you got the eating quarters and then you got the, the operations where the crew of, you know, six to nine people in charge of the vehicle are gonna operate. And then you have all these passengers that are just going for the ride.


But I think we're ways away. I I think we're, I feel like my kids are gonna take a school field trip there To, to space. To space to lower earth orbit. Yeah, but it's this, this thing is the lymph vac the body. You know, if 50% space adaptation syndrome gets sick, could you imagine a hundred people? No. And 20, 30 people puking. What A shit show. Oh, It would be bad. So hopefully we can solve some of that. I don't know if it's drugs or I don't know. What's it like coming back?


Well, another thing we did on orbit is the Starling tests. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't, I mean I can briefly cover this, but so the idea was gonna do a, a, a global music event. Sarah Gillis is a professionally trained violinist, absolutely beautiful, Extremely talented. And we're gonna do this global event, this, you know, flash mob where all these orchestras around the world are gonna perform and, and she's gonna perform in space and it's all gonna be broadcast via starlink because it's never been tested up there. And we, you know, we weren't sure about the, the probability of success. It was just an unknown.


'cause you gotta, it's all lasers, you know, and these little glass, I don't know what they are on the, on the actual starlink that they had a line all these things and, and they're traveling 17 five and you're traveling 17 five to figure out the math to make all this happen. And now you're passing through their orbit in your elliptical. 'cause they're circular, they're at three 50, let's call it. And you're passing through 'em. So you gotta communicate. And it's just like smart people figure that stuff out. So we didn't know if it was gonna work. As soon as we got up there, they're like, we think your wifi is working. Can you guys get on your iPhone and see if it's working?


We literally, And so the way you communicate with anyone in space is it's ground stations strategically placed all over the planet. And as you're going around, you're communicating line of sight to all these stations. Or you utilize what's called TDR satellites, just national assets. I think there's only five or six out there and it's high demand national security kind of stuff. And you timeshare based on if you're on the ISS and you know, if we were gonna utilize that, it's gonna be about maybe 80% coverage. Otherwise we're in blackout. We're not talking to anyone kind of thing. Starlink is, is hopefully gonna change that. And so they say, Hey, we think it's working. Can you guys get on your iPhones and check literally ding ding, ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.


All these messages start populating in my phone. And we're like, can we call our families? We literally, I call my family. So I, I dial my wife and she patches in and we're FaceTiming, my kids are at school. I got two in high school, one in college. They step out of their classroom and everyone picture we have, we have like snapshots of our phone and there we are talking to our family. And I can only think back to when I met my wife and I'm in Korea and she's back in Minnesota and we're using these MCI calling cards and I get maybe five, 10 minutes out of it. And I, well I deployed to Kuwait and I got two phone calls, five minutes each over 90 days.


And that's all I talked. And oh, by the way, I proposed to her the day before I deployed and we got married three days after I got back from my deployment. So And so we're engaged. I talked to her twice. Jeez. Anyways, so I think back to, to just, I dunno, what was that 25 years ago? And now here we are. I'm in space. I'm 1400 miles up. I'm traveling 17,500 miles an hour. I'm currently over Africa on my way to India and my kids are in school and I'm talking, you know, it's just absolute mind blowing what what we have access to.


Yeah. So talk about information flow. I mean we took some starlink to Philippines. So St. Jude could set up some of these at, at remote locations. And so all these people who live in jungles now have access to this telemedicine. Otherwise who wouldn't, you know? And it's just now we got starlink down to our phones and it's just live in a different world. We do, we do Man. So coming home, Hmm. So it's a drawn out process to get ready 'cause you gotta strap everything in 'cause it's a violent ride.


I think it's more violent coming home than it is going up. Your body is deconditioned. So you're used to zero gravity. But we've only been there for five days. I mean these astronauts on the space station when when I come, when Butch And so come home in a couple weeks, you know, they've been up there for six plus months. They're way deconditioned. So it's, it's tough 'cause you're not using the skeletal system, your ligaments, your tendons, your muscles like you normally do. That's why they dedicate hours, three hours a day to working out, up there on the station. But our five days, you still feel deconditioned.


So the moment you start this reentry and what happens is you, you turn the capsule around, you fire the Draco engines into the direction of your velocity and that slows you down. So as as, as you begin to slow down now gravity starts taking over and, and you enter your, your deorbit profile and as soon as you start coming down, you hit the atmosphere. And that's what really slows you down. 'cause you have all this drag and, but it also generates plasma heat fire. So that's what you enter the blackout phase.


So as you start the, the first step of the whole process is, is to separate from the trunk. So you've got the capsule and then you got this extension. It's called the trunk. It's got solar panels. 'cause this, this entire vehicle is energy depleting. So we need the solar panels for, for energy. For power. So you separate from the trunk a couple hours prior and it's just this big old and that's okay, we're committed 'cause we can't survive in this capsule for, for too long. We gotta come home. So you're coming home anyways. You get in your suit, you get in your, your your seat, you strap in and, and, and engines start firing. And it's just this constant repetitive as these engines are firing to slow you down.


And then it just, it just slowly starts to build this vibration, this chatter. And, and as you start to hit the atmosphere, it's, you got your two little windows and you can see just enough. And you initially see like these sparks almost looks like campfire sparks up high. And then all of a sudden it turns into like these streaks and then it just turns into fire. You were literally on fire and it's like, I think it's like 2,600 degrees. So it's, you're cooking and you're praying that TPS the thermal protection system, the, your protection on the belly is, is working. Yeah. 'cause if any MMOD hit that stuff, you didn't know about it.


Well you probably wouldn't find out. You just, you wouldn't survive it. And then you hit blackout and it's just, you're hauling ass and it's shaking. And you start to build up those G-forces again. 'cause you're slowing down. You're going from 17.5 down to like 350 miles an hour. So this is just massive G-Force. So again, four and a half, but it's a lot longer. And the fact that you haven't been at G'S on orbit 0.2 feels, whoa, I feel heavy. Four and a half. It's like, okay, I don't know how long I can sustain this before I feel like I'm gonna pass out.


You're so hyped up on adrenaline anyways. And then you're just watching the clock for certain milestones. You're looking for those drug shoots to come out. And then once the drug shoots come out, it's, they'll pull the shoots eventually. And those are explosives. So it's another big old, you know, the panel gets blown pulled and you know, it's, they're superimposed images on our display so I can actually see it happen. So it's, the first point of relief is, okay, the drugs are out, they look good, they're not tangled or anything like that, like a parachute. And then the big moment is when those shoots come out and it's just a big hole. It's almost like a car crash. It's just this boom, big four, four big shoots come out.


And then now it's just a soft ride down. The, the impact is, is like a car crash, like a fender bender. It's pretty, it's pretty intense. That's why it's only built for water landings versus land. You, you'd break your back if you landed on the, on the land and then you're just trying to get used to gravity and you're bobbing you know, waiting for them to pull the recovery. 'cause again, it's SpaceX. They, they got everything in top fashion. They have this dedicated boat. It's literally within a mile of where you splash down. They know exactly where you're gonna end up. They pull that boat, they send out special ops guys a bunch of PJs.


They all have military backgrounds. They're on their jet skis. We and, and their fast boats. And they pull right up to the capsule. They, they, you know, do some sniff tests. 'cause hyper goals is a big concern. It's just this fuel that can kill you if you breathe too much of it. So they do a sniff test to make sure there's no leaks. Put some straps on the capsule. Then they pull the big boat up right behind you. They get this crane and they just literally just pick you up, put you on the deck, slide you right up to a deck where the hatch is and they open the hatch. Doctors come in, check you over, gimme a thumbs up. 'cause millions of people are watching the broadcast and you don't wanna, when you step out or you can't stand up or for whatever reason, they check you out.


And then one by one it's like wave to the families and crowds. And then they do a med check. Helicopter comes, get in the helicopter and they buy you back for the reunion, the family reunion and the hangar. How was it seeing in your family? It was awesome. I think that was actually one of the highlights. 'cause it was, you know, getting motioned, just thinking about it. It's just like this relief knowing that she's at ease now. 'cause for me, I'm living and breathing And man, I'm, I'm on cloud nine. This is, this is, this is my jam. But for her knowing that it's like it's over and she can kind of just let go because she's trying to hold it together for the kids this whole time.


And you know, from the launch to the spacewalk to the splash down, it's just all these and having to think about the inevitable, I mean, not the inevitable, but God forbid the worst thing that could have happened. You know, having to live with that, thinking about it for years leading up to this, it was just kind of a emotional, it's over for her. Damn. That's a hell of a journey, man. That is a hell of a journey. Yeah, it's, it was only September 15th we splashed down launch on the 10th.


We were up there on the 11th, September 11th. Talked to Folds of honor in space, which was cool. We called Dan Rooney and a couple of the families, the CEO. So that was, that was cool. Sarah did her music event and Anna wrote a book, child's children's book for her kids. So she read that on, on orbit. We all kind of got a, a little taste. Very Interesting. Yeah. Is there anything I should have asked that I didn't ask?


That was a lot. Well, you know, when we met at inauguration, you had offered to take me up at an F six. Oh I did. You did. I'll settle for the first podcast in space. Oh, the first podcast in space. I think that is definitely, that's right up your alley, man. That would be awesome. We got the connectivity for it for sure. Yeah. Shit, we could do it live. Why not? What you gotta pick your, who would you interview? All right, let's turn the tables. Let me inter let me ask you questions. Who would you interview in space?


Well, I mean, you know, Elon seems pretty fitting. Mm. So, but man, that would be, that would be really something, wouldn't it? Yeah. But Would you go Yeah, the space, that was actually one thing that, that upon reflection, getting down and, you know, I'm trying to make sense of it all and I keep on ego wise, they bring it back to myself and what was it, what was, you know, the significance of it all and blah, blah blah. And then I have the conversation with people and they're like, oh my God, what was it? Like? They immediately go into this mental simulation where they put themselves in the situation and it's a hell no.


There's no way I'll go, ah, I just don't know if I could do that. Or I'll sell my firstborn to go to space kind of attitude. And that's what makes me realize, okay, stop making it about yourself. It's, it there, it's so much more than that. It's about inspiring this next generation to want to go to be that person. I talk to my wife about this all the time. I mean, I, I think the possibility of our kids going to space is greater than them. Not, things are just evolving so fast. You know, I think it'll become the norm before I die if I live up, you know?


Yeah. And it's not, it's not just the moon and Mars. It, it's gonna be low earth orbit as well. I mean, they're gonna create habitable structures, whether it's a bunch of star, the volume in a star ship is equivalent to BISS. So the entire structure of the ISS up there is the same as a star ship. Wow. So now SpaceX has dozens of these lined up down there and just waiting to launch, to test. They can manufacture these and they give us the numbers when we go down there for tours and stuff. It's, it's, it's crazy. It's mind blowing how quickly they can build these rockets and they're only getting more and more efficient.


You know, that's his business model. It's like, okay, widget X, the production of widget X by company Y is slowing us down. Let's bring this in-house 3D, print it and do it ourselves. And that takes out that whole delay. So, you know, they become more and more efficient and they're, again, they're, these engineers are empowered to do that, you know, with the, with the ability to take risk as, as needed. You know, safety always being the primary concern to, to, to be able to create all these starships and, and it will be, you know, reality when they're launching all the time.


Yeah. Constantly. And now you, you take these starships, one of 'em, how about docking three, four of these together and now you have three or four space stations up there, create hotels and, you know, whatever research laps and 3D print and organs. It's a fascinating subject. It's, I guess, you know, the new frontier. Well, Scott, what a, what an interview man. What covered a lot of ground there. And man, it was an honor to, to sit here with you and, and learn about your life and got into some pretty deep discussions and talking about space and God and everything.


Man. It's been, it's been an honor. Thank you. Honor's mine, man. I just appreciate the opportunity. What you're doing is, is absolutely amazing. And all the power to you. I wish you a lot of success and 'cause you're changing lives and just getting the message out what, whatever it might be, you know, it's, is this is the message that people need to hear. Not necessarily my story, but, but all the things and people you interview and, you know, you've talked about like, like dj, you know, he, he would never have a, a platform like this. And now everyone knows his story and the sacrifices that he's made and there's dozens and dozens more like, like DJ that you're allowing this opportunity.


So we owe you the Thanks brother. It's cool to be able to do it. Thank you. Thank you. But alright, Scott. God bless, brother. All right, brother Michael Rosenbaum and his small Bill costars take you behind the scenes of one of the greatest shows of all time. We're gonna watch every episode, join us. It's Big talk. You remember when I had to shave my head? Oh, I think I was angry with this one on Smallville. Yeah. I mean, I get it. The scene you did. And this is the one that got me fired.


Okay. What? Here we go. I love the excursions with me and Welling. It's everything that Superman stands for. It's ville ville. We always talk about it. It's a great thing. The Smallville Rewatch podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.