
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Brett Cooper, Welcome to the show. Thank You. Happy to be here. I'm happy you're here. We got a lot to dive into. You ready? Yeah, for Sure. Anything off the table? No. All right. All right. How's it going? Independent. It's awesome. I'm having a ton of fun. Are you? It's Very freeing. Is it more challenging than you thought it would be? Yes and no. I think I was surprised about the things that have challenged me. 'cause I, I knew going into it that there was a lot that I didn't know that other people had managed and that I didn't have a hand on. And that was one thing that I never really loved, was that I didn't completely have a hold and a, a sense of everything that was going on in terms of my career and brand.


So weird to talk about yourself as like a brand, but sort of how it ends up being. And so it's been really nice to dive into that. But of course there's a, a learning curve with that. But it's been very freeing. Well, we'll dive into that later, but, nice. I just wanna say, man, like I am, you're 23 years old, right? Yeah. Very sharp. 23-year-old. And I just have a ton of respect for you. I don't, yeah. I don't dabble with the genzer as much. I don't get the opportunity. But, You know, I've been, I've been stalking you for a little bit. Mm. Sounds kind of creepy. But, but no, like, you know, I, I saw, you know, obviously the transition from Daily Wire and kind of disappeared for a minute and you pop back up and like you got spun in your step.


You're just, you're crushing it, man. And it's, thank you. It's really like, I got a ton of respect for people that can walk away from, You know, something where everything was handed to you, maybe not handed to you, but I mean, everything was taken care of over there. Yeah. And now like you're tackling this thing head on and it's tough, man. Yeah. It's tough. It's a tough business. And I just wanna say, you're, you're doing amazing. Thank you. And, and like I just, I wish the best for you. Like it's really cool to watch your journey, but it's Been rewarding thus far. So. Yeah. I mean, you came out with a big bang. Yeah. And that's, that's cool. Everybody starts off with a introduction here, so, okay.


Brett Cooper, you're a conservative and cultural commentator who has captivated audiences with your sharp insights and relatable perspective. You're a former actress who brings a unique blend of entertainment and politics into your audience during your nearly three year tenure. At the Daily at the Daily Wire, you amassed 4.5 million subscribers is the host of the comments section with Brett Cooper. You're the host of the Brett Cooper Show now where you tackle current events, cultural issues, and personal stories. You've attracted over a million subscribers in just one month. You're the vo, you are a voice for Gen Z, challenging the status quo in sparking conversations on topics often overlooked by the mainstream media.


And you live on a farm here in Tennessee with your husband and your, your one year anniversary is next week, correct? Yep. Congratulations. Thank you. Congratulations. So I wanna do a life story on you. Okay. I know there's a lot there, especially for a 23-year-old man. You've been through, you've been through it and there's a lot of depth that I don't think, I don't think you've really gone in depth on a lot of this stuff on other podcasts. So very rare. Yeah. I wanna be the one. Sounds good. I wanna be the one that that gets it. That's What my husband said last night as we were leaving dinner with you guys. He was like, This is the podcast. Talk about that stuff. And I was like, I know. What'd we get? Are you, are you nervous?


No, not at all. I love talking about this Stuff. You think you're gonna get emotional Probably. Right on man. Good. So what do here I, Here I cry easily. It's like a therapy session. I know. And I loved therapy. People rag, rag on therapy a lot, especially on the right. And I sort of do. And I think people like overuse it. It was incredible for me. And I Like, when did you start therapy? I was like 14, 14 years old. A lot Of shit going on. Yeah, I know man to work through it. But No, but I, I think that's the thing that, not to go completely off topic, but it, there was a time in my life when I needed it, when there was so much going on that I couldn't comprehend And I, I didn't have the tools to navigate through.


And so that's why I sought out help. And I went through a few different therapists trying to find somebody And I found somebody who was yes, very empathetic and would listen but was solutions focused of like, This is how you navigate this. This is what you need to say to this person. How do we, how do we better your communication so you can get what you need in this very, very chaotic family structure that you're living in. Like it was very, it was giving me the tools I needed so I didn't need to go forever. Like I got through that period And I got to a point where I was like, I don't need to go trauma dump every Thursday afternoon. So I haven't been back and I've wondered if there was like, you, You don't go today. Interesting. Yeah.


Last year I thought I might need to, I think I need to. I've been kicking around the idea of going back. I haven't been in probably seven years. I think Yeah, If you find a good person, again, somebody that's not an enabler, which I think is hard to find. You look up like therapists in Nashville and the first person that pops up is like the person who was in Matt Walshe was what is a, a woman? And you're like, oh fuck. Like you're not who I wanna talk to. But if you find again, a good person that is focused on providing you tools so that you can make your life better. 'cause they can't change your life for you. Yeah. But if they help you break down the things that are in your way, the things that are out of your control that give you a set of tools you can move forward, that's an incredible, whether that's a therapist or a life coach or just a mentor in your personal life, in your church, everybody should have something like that.


Yeah. You know, a lot of times I think people just break it down themselves. Yeah. You know, just hearing yourself talk, you realize, realize how insane you are and, and, and work through a lot of those issues yourself. But yeah, I think about going back, I mean with the, with the rise of the show and You know, just a lot of people coming at you, it's, it can be enraging. Yeah. And, and that's something I'm kind of working through, but you dealt with that at a young age And I wanna talk about that later too. Yeah. Sounds good. So, but we have a couple things to knock out here. So I have a Patreon account. Yes. You know that I do. Where's your subscription network? We have, we have our own Brett Cooper Dot com. No It's called Cooper Confidential.


Cooper Confidential. Nice. Yeah. What do you do on there? I do a weekly advice video. Do you remember like Dear Abby in the newspaper? Yes. I was obsessed with Dear Abby and so I have people send in questions because a lot of the times when I get emails from people it's like I'm having trouble figuring out something in a relationship or with college or I know that you've dealt with this with your brother or your parents. Could you help me through this? So it's like these long, long questions that I've never really had the avenue to answer before because I can't just email people back all day long even though I would love to. So we open up the question portal every week and people send in their questions and then I answer them in just like a casual video and we just kind of work through them together.


Cool. Basically. So we do that and then we have ad free episodes and then like a monthly subscriber only newsletter that's much more personal stuff So. Nice. Nice. Yeah. Well This is from John Wallace. Okay. Could you comment on the current state of conservative politics now that the new administration is actively making changes and disrupting the liberal agenda and then there's a follow on. Is there more unity or is there behind the scenes drama and power grabs occurring? Oh gosh, unfortunately I think it's the latter because I think that was actually my first episode that I did on the new show was sort of about that. I think that we are being very sore winners unfortunately.


I think the right is so used to losing and we talk about a victim mentality all the time of You know, the left victimizes themselves. So we've been in a culture, it's like the a perfect culture for nonprofits where it's like the life's getting us donate now, whatever. Like we've just been in that mindset that I think now that we've won in such a, a massive way and we've won culturally, I think everything, everybody was just like, ah, we don't even know how to function. So I have a lot of hope. I'm really excited about almost everything that Trump is doing and his cabinet is doing. I love the people involved. I love RFK Jr. I'm a massive fan of tulsi. She, I know her, you know, as you know her in our personal lives. I just think that she is one of the most like magnificent people. Like he's surrounded himself with excellent individuals, feels very different than 2016.


So in terms of the administration, I feel really, really strongly in a positive way. But in terms of like this weird industry of like right wing commentators and whatever, like you go on x I'm like, oh can you like, can everybody just like chill? It's crazy over there. So I think when you get out of like there's a lot of ex that does feel like the real world, but I'm also like moms in Minnesota aren't like caring about this stuff. Like random people just like trying to get through life and hoping that gas prices are gonna go down. Like they're not seeing our end fighting. So I, so I think it's a, it's a double-edged sword of I feel a lot of hope in terms of where politics are going And I hope that the right can get their act together and start or stop like pointing fingers and Yeah, it'd be great to see a little unity.


I mean people are just so far apart nowadays, You know, but Yeah. But I think a lot of people are exhausted from it too. Yeah, I know. I am. Yeah. I'm so fucking tired of politics. Yeah. I can't even, I think people in this world are, I think just normal voters are, I think it's just been, it's probably one of the reasons why he won. People are just like, I can't do this anymore. Like I don't care what you're gonna say about me. Like I just want my life to be better. Yeah. So I think that that part, again with normal people, I think that there has been some unity. I hope the pendulum just like starts slowing down a little bit here. Yeah. You know, I think maybe hopefully, You know, hopefully everybody's learned some lessons.


Yeah. And maybe we don't need to go so fucking extreme and Yeah that would be amazing. But probably way off but probably wishful thinking but, but so everybody gets a gift. Oh I'm so excited about this. Yeah, Yeah. Yep. So there they are. Oh my gosh. The magnificent vigilance elite gummy bears legal in all 50 states made here in the USAI Can't wait. I'm so bummed 'cause I wanted to bring you a gift 'cause I know that you give people your gummy bears so I gave you your gift last night. So for anybody watching, I gave Sean some of our chicken eggs in one of our duck eggs because We get plenty eat those this morning.


We didn't eat the duck egg yet. I don know that one's special but we didn't. You gotta have like a special omelet for that or something. Thank you. Thank you for those. Did you I'm just gonna say it. So yeah, you got this cookie idea. I know you gotta do it man. I know. You gotta do it. I desperately wanna have cookie company Would crush it. It would People love food man. I know. You gotta do it. I Love, I love food. I mean it's like the Yeah, Yeah. Your husband was telling us at dinner last night. You like the cookie monster over there. Six cookies of one sitting. Amazing. Yeah. But alright, so let's, let's dig in. Yeah. You ready? Let's do it. So you grew up in Chattanooga, right?


Yeah, Well we moved around a lot but I called Chattanooga. I split my hometown depending on how I'm feeling about it between LA and Chattanooga. But I was born on an island in Washington state called Orcas Island off the coast of, it's in the San Juan. So out past Bellingham and my family just randomly moved and my brothers had gone to summer camp there for many years. And I think that's one of those places where you're either seeking something or you're hiding from something basically. And I think my family was, my parents' marriage was never really strong. My dad was very unhappy and they just needed to like escape. They went to like the tiniest island possible. It was like idyllic in hopes that that would fix things.


And so that's how we kind of ended up there. So they were there for 10 years. But my brothers are 12 and 14 years older than me. So I was born at the tail end of that stint And I think then they kind of outgrew it and my brothers were, the education system wasn't great on the island. And my mom had tried to homeschool them 'cause she had homeschooled, she ended up homeschooling me. But I think every kid is different and homeschooling just wasn't really Working. Why were your parents not happy? They're very different people. Incredibly different people. They were friends in, my mom had a previous marriage, so my brothers And I have different dads and he died of brain cancer when they were very, very young. So I Think, wait a minute. Hold your, your brother's dad's, your brother's dad died of brain cancer when they were very young.


How young? Like three and five maybe. Shit. Yeah, it was really, it was. So we have my oldest brother Chase and then two twins. So my mom had tiny children and a terminally ill husband flying back and forth between Mayo Clinic. It was awful. Damn. And I think his brain cancer made their marriage very hard as well 'cause everything obviously just flips. And so he passed away and my mom is chronically efficient I would say. And she was like, well I, You know, my sons need a father And I don't wanna be alone.


And she had known my dad in college and they were good friends and he's, he's a wonderful guy. He's very sweet but they're very different people. And I, they dated for a short amount of time and it was always long distance. 'cause he was in North Carolina and she was in California, which is where she and her first husband and the boys lived. And so they didn't spend a ton of time together. I think it was very like rose colored glasses and it just wasn't from the get go. I don't think it was right. They're very different people. I think they would've been much happier with different, you know, my mom's very headstrong, very dominant personality. Super, very, very similar. And I think that she needed somebody who could stand up to her and combat that.


It's like when I met Alex who was my husband, it was like I'd finally met somebody who was like a sparring partner of mine who wouldn't like put me in my place. 'cause that sounds bad, but who would willing to like push back and go, no, you are in the wrong here and here's how you could be better And I could do this. Like I was so used to being able to do that with other people and to have somebody who was not gonna be a pushover basically. And would be willing to debate things with me and discuss really like heavy and interesting subject and wasn't intimidated by me in the slightest. And I don't think that was my dad. He needed somebody a lot softer I think. And my mom needed somebody who was probably more dominant. And so I think it was just always very outta box.


Like we talk about, You know, masculine and feminine traits and finding that into marriage in a relationship. I think they were always off balance. So it was not great from the start. I don't think Your father wanted you aborted. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. When did you find that out? Oh gosh. Probably when I was 15 or 16. 16. How did that come up? We, I was living in LA it was a child actor. Everybody there was super pro-choice. I think I had been on some set and everybody was like wearing their Bernie pins or whatever, pro-choice.


And I just like very innocently asked my mom, I was like, what? Like we just like talk through this issue. She was super, I think that's why my brothers And I ended up the way that we did. Like my oldest brother And I are very, very principled in our values and very comfortable like speaking about 'em openly. 'cause it was like the dinner table and just like even being in the car with our mom was like debate was accepted. The hard conversations were not to be shied away from, whether it was things that were going on in our family or things going on in the world. It was like, no, let's break these down together. She's a very like introspective, she's not academic but she's incredibly intellectual. And so that was just a normal thing. So I was like, let's talk like I don't, let's talk about abortion.


Like I don't, I just don't understand like what are these two sides of the coin? Like I just didn't understand the issue. And so we started talking about that, You know, it was just like over the course of a few months. And I think that she had kind of weighed whether to bring that up. But that was what really changed her mind permanently about abortion was when my dad came to her I was like, I don't want a child. Like their marriage was already not great. It was an accident. I don't think he really got along with my brothers very well. And it was just like, I don't want this child. So you, so you're living in la the abortion topic comes up, you, you bring it up to your mom And I mean how did she bring that up to you?


I don't even remember. I mean, but I, it's, it was, it was probably something that was very straightforward. She doesn't mince words. She's not somebody who is I guess soft or like brings anything in, You know, just very Matter Of fact. Yeah. It's just like this happened and she had always been in her mind she was like, I think she was more pro-life, but kind of understood the pro-choice argument in terms of like government overreach and You know, it is woman's body. And then what was actually an issue that she had to decide and was put in front of her. And I think that complete, she had to reanalyze the issue from a com, like a much more personal perspective.


And I think she basically said to my dad, she was like, if you want this so badly, you go make the appointment. And he couldn't bring himself to do it. Damn. 'cause like he couldn't even, it was just like such a, like a threat basically of like, I don't want you have, he just wanted her to go do it. Yeah. She was like, I'm not. And that was, it was all like Here. I mean how did you, do you remember like her telling you? Yeah, but it also didn't surprise me 'cause I knew my dad. My dad And I had never had a great relationship. It was just kind of like, okay, yeah, I guess How about today? Much better. Have you ever asked him about it? No. Will


you? One of the best parts of having my own show is getting to do what I love with a team that I love to work with. If you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who love it as much as you. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passion and employees who are a good fit for all of your roles? ZipRecruiter And right now you can try it for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. ZipRecruiter is the top rated hiring site according to G two. And their smart technology shows your job to qualified candidates immediately hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. ZipRecruiter. The smartest way to hire


this episode is sponsored by ROKA. ROKA is a performance eyewear brand for people who want to invest in themselves. ROKA manufactures premium sunglasses, prescription eyeglasses and readers and cuts all of their lenses here in the US at their headquarters in Austin, Texas. ROKA recently partnered with one of my favorite guests, Dr. Andrew Huberman, to launch a new line of glasses called the Wind Down Collection. Guys, I've tried these. You know, I have problems sleeping. I absolutely love, love, love these frames and lenses. They're available with and without prescription. And have a proprietary red lens that helps filter out short wavelength, light, short wavelength. Light is in pretty much all artificial light and it's terrible for your sleep. ROKA let me try a pair of these things And I could feel the difference whenever I wear them. I wear 'em in the evening after the sun goes down. I pretty much started at dinner And I wear it until bed. And lemme tell you these things work with so many options And I wear wellness products out there. It's a relief to know the glasses I'm wearing help. Two things, I really care about my vision and my sleep. And as a business owner with all the decisions I already need to make every day wearing a pair of roca's glasses is one of the best ones I've made. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off site-wide at checkout. That's ROKA dot com with code SRS


Maybe one day I've talked about having him on the show and break, like trying to break through a lot of different things. I have a lot more, a lot more empathy for him as I've gotten older And I understand it more because I think that I saw him for his faults in my parents' marriage, which they were, You know, they both had their faults. But outside of that marriage I think I saw a a broken man who was just not the right relationship. He'd had a really hard family life growing up. Do you think he'll watch this? Yeah, probably. He watches everything.


Well that'll probably strike up some Questions. Yeah, for sure. Like I had done a, I think he watched the video I did with Raylynn where we talked about this and we sang together 'cause she has a song about her mom almost aborting her. So I believe he watched that. But And it's never come up. How often do you talk to him Every month or so? I definitely still have some boundaries up for sure And I think he does as well. But I think in one of the greatest parts of growing up is seeing your parents as humans with their own childhood, their own baggage. God learning so much about, like I knew what my mom had gone through as a mother of losing a husband.


One of my brothers died at 17 years old, going through a really, really bitter divorce and being in a very unhappy marriage When my other brother now has schizophrenia. I mean she's just been like hit after hit her like joke is like, was like gingis kahan and like former life, like what happened. But seeing that but then understanding things from her family and her past of like, you see this full human being that as a kid you don't, you can't comprehend. And I think I got to start seeing that at a younger age because of her honesty and her transparency and even her honesty about my dad of things that he wouldn't bring up, but of her comfort in being able to say X, Y, Z happened.


It's not really my story to tell, but You know, this happened with your grandfather and your dad. And he went through that and being able to like see that, You know, 17, 18 years old was like, oh god, okay, so this was not the right marriage. This was a hard childhood and This is somebody who has really been lost, I don't think has ever found like true fulfillment. And I look at him and I'm just like, I just wanna give you a hug basically. And it's really helped our relationship. And the other thing too that I never expected was marrying Alex and bringing somebody into my life who didn't carry the baggage in the weight of growing up in this environment and didn't experience the heartbreaks and didn't experience feeling let down, didn't experience growing up in the shadow of schizophrenia and death and divorce.


And was able to look at my dad as just a human and was able to find him so endearing and funny and kind and then being able to see him through my husband's lens of like picking up the phone every time he calls and being like, hi, I just talked to Mike. Wow. I mean it's, and that's made me so much better. I mean, it, it's it's pretty amazing. It know, I want to dive into all of it, but yeah, it does sound like you had a really tough childhood and, and You know, a lot of the stuff we spoke about at dinner last night, I mean, You know, a lot of people don't get out of that. You know, it just carries on from generation to generation to generation and, and somehow, You know, you broke through it.


You're obviously a very strong woman, but what, what did your, what did your parents do? What did your mom do? She was a stay-at-home mom. She was a stay-at-home mom and your dad. He worked in finance like, and not finance in any kind of like, like really cool or you know, very well Like he was a like a banker at a local bank in Chattanooga doing like nonprofit stuff. And I don't think that's ever what he wanted to do. He was good at it but I think that he, there was, he would've been a great professor. He's super academic, very esoteric. So I think that's probably also, you know, there's such a lesson in, I think I learned a lot from watching him.


There's such a lesson in that of you don't, you don't have to like love everything about what you do but if you don't find a sort of fulfillment and passion in some sort of your life to fill that void and to fill that cup, you're always gonna be searching and you're always gonna feel lost and you're always gonna, You know, substitute it with other things and other vice. And so I think there's often people kind of like joke about the cliche of like, do what you love but it's like if you don't have some kind of like, if you don't feel like what you're doing is important or like it speaks to some part of you and you can't identify that, then you have to find it in some other part of your life and if you don't have both, I think that's what I watched with him where there was like, it wasn't in his career, it wasn't in his personal life.


He wasn't happy in his marriage. Our family was a mess. Yeah, yeah. Trapped. Yeah. What were you into as a kid? Everything. I basically did everything 'cause I was homeschooled so I was, had the time to do so many things. So I was obviously into theater And I was a dancer so I did ballet, I was a competitive gymnast, did community theater, singing lessons was super weird and outdoors. It was like the home like homeschool kid that was like sitting under the tree, like looking at leaves and like digging holes with my hands. And we like lived on like five acres, 10 acres in Chattanooga. Had to save the earth club in like second grade. And because I was homeschooled there was like nobody in it, right?


It was just me and like one other friend. My whole family sails very randomly. Like my dad grew up in North Carolina so he would sail. And then when we lived on the west coast, Norca Island, my brothers learned how to sail. And so I would go on the Tennessee River at our like tiny little like boat club thing where they would have tiny little, You know, like kid sailboats and opties is what they're called. So I would sail, I rock climb Chattanooga's a huge rock climbing town. How Much did you guys bounce around? So we went from Washington to Chattanooga and then when I started acting we bounced around.


Okay. Okay. And so I was like, I just fell in love with it and my mom was very against it. But I also think she saw kind of an out, like a way to escape her life in a way. My brother had just died and I saw an emotional outlet that gave me the ability to be creative and escape my life and what was going on and the intensity of that and gave me a, a creative outlet And I just kept wanting to do more. I was like, I would, I would go on like I wasn't allowed to have a computer but I would go on her like desktop and be like, Annie like auditions nearby. And I be like, there's one happening like an hour away. I wanna go do this musical. And so we would go audition, my mom would drive me like an hour plus to rehearsals into shows and then I was like, I think I want to be on Broadway.


And so I wrote a letter to a manager in New York and was like, I wanna be Jane Banks and Mary Poppins and I'll like, I will fly up to meet you and do an audition and then you'll help me get this role, whatever. I was just super motivated And I think she saw kind of an escape. But she also, after my brother David died, her perspective as a parent changed where she was like, if I had known that David only had 17 years, mm what would I have said yes to? And obviously not give into your child every whims, but if there was something he loved more than anything, what would I have done? Let's rewind a little bit. Yeah. Before we get into the acting super from Washington to Chattanooga, how old, how much older were your brothers than you?


12 and 14 years. 12 and 14 years. Were you close with them? Are you close with them? Yeah, I was never super close to my oldest brother Chase because when I was born he was already going off to boarding school. He knew he wanted to be in the military so he went to the marine military academy in Texas. 'cause the Marines don't have a college but they have a high school. So he did that and then basically spent the next four years working to get into a service academy and got into all of them and chose the Air Force Academy. So he was, and he spent every summer, You know, at the summer programs at the Naval Academy, at Air Force at West Point. Got his pilot's license at like 15 years old. So he was super incredibly motivated, knew what he wanted to do with his life.


So he was kind of outta the house by the time that I was born. So I didn't get to know him as well as a kid. I think I was probably around 15 years old when we really started getting close when all this stuff and we can talk about later. That happened with my older brother, my other brother. We really got close then. But Reed and David are the twins and so I grew up with them and was super close, Super close. 12 years older. And you guys are super close. Yeah, and David died at, 'cause we were all living together. So like when I think about my childhood, You know David died but I was five years old so I don't have a ton of memories unfortunately. But it was just like me and Reid and my mom That's A surviving twin. What kind of stuff were you experiencing in home with your mom and your dad?


I unfortunately didn't know anything different. Like it was icy. I never saw any affection. There was a lot of disdain for each other. We lived in a big house, it was like very long. It would be like on opposite ends of it basically. And to their credit, I think that they tried and they tried for me and especially after David died and my brother Reed really started struggling. I think that the damage after that was irreparable after losing a child. But they did try in their own ways. But it was like, I'm so grateful that I'm here And I wouldn't change if the world, but it was, it's like I look at that as like that was probably a marriage that never should have happened just because they're so, so different.


Like, and it's not like a different like complimentary way. Like it's just like you are just, and there's a lot of affection there and you spend 20 plus years with someone 'cause they were married for a long time and they got through the divorce and they're, they're friendly now. How old were you when they got divorced? 15. 15. Okay. And that's when I had emancipated myself as well. We'll get there. Yeah, we'll get there. Let's go back. Yeah. So your brother dies At five At age five. I'm age five. He's 17. He dies on a, they went to a school in Chattanooga. They were on the rowing team. They were both super athletic, very artistic. I mean they were like the most well-rounded guys.


They're both brilliant, incredibly artistically talented. Like I can't even, I have my own creative talents, like I can't draw for crap. And they were both, I mean brilliant but also brilliant at math. Like my brother Reid had a perfect SAT score. I mean just so well-rounded, incredibly athletic. They were on the rowing team, just good guys. And out of nowhere David had a cardiac arrest and fell off the rowing machine right in front of Reed. They were 17 years old, identical twins. They never had that like separation that like psychologically twins have to go through.


And if you're not a twin, like I don't even think I can understand what that feels like. But I've talked to enough twins now I've talked to Reed, You know, 17 I think This is the, we're going into the 18th year since David has died. So he's now been gone longer than he was here. And I've spent enough time talking with Reid throughout that period of like they had never, they were still one person. They had done everything together and he watched his brother die in front of him. There were no defibrillators in the gym. There was nothing anybody could do. He was basically dead on site. And it was Valentine's Day in 2007 and yeah it was, I mean that changes the family forever and it's, there were so many different, it's like a grief is such a patchwork, like a quilt in my opinion.


'cause everybody's perspective and journey is different. My mom's journey was completely different than my dad's. You know, This is not my dad's biological son. He never adopted my brother's. They had a lot of, it was very tense like the week before David died they had a huge, my dad and David had a huge blowout. David even went to my mom that week and was like, why are you still in this marriage? Like this doesn't work. I think she had a ton of regret over that And he, so my dad's journey was completely different And I think he's, but it does just because he wasn't their biological father.


I mean he had spent 14 years with them. It was very different than my mother's Reed's journey as a identical twin was completely different. Something that none of us could ever understand. Older brother Chase had a completely different journey that I don't even think I really know much about. He's very, he's military, he's like closed case done and he was far away at the time he was in college then mine was completely different than anybody else's because I didn't know it. I did like I have these memories of things we would do together and we would wake up on Saturdays and he would make me waffles and we'd go like ride in the car together and that kind of thing.


But you, my grief was like growing up and everybody has all of these memories with this person and you don't, Do you remember how you found out? Yeah, so it was Valentine's Day I got a phone call from the school and again that's like the, my mom is so, I truly think it's one of the best things she's ever done in terms of raising us. She was so honest, there was no hiding anything. Which I think in the world of helicopter parenting and trying to protect your kids and kind of putting them in this glass box, like that's become very abnormal.


And people would look at our life and be like, why would you not shield them from this? But I'm very glad that she didn't. But it was just like looked at me and went, David's collapsed. We need to go to the like put down your Valentine's that you were, we were like having a Valentine's Day party and we have to go. And I remember getting in the car And I had like the Valentine that I had made David And I was just like five years old and holding it I, God I haven't talked about this in so long. So I watched all of it. I got to the school as who's being put in the ambulance.


I, And we went to the hospital and I had like a nurse take me out as they were, You know, talking about what was going on and they had no idea what happened. I was wearing lime green clogs And I remember, 'cause it was, we were there until very late. I was walking through the halls of the hospital. I could hear my like hand Anderson clogs like clump through the hospital hallways. It's like funny the things you remember. And they were in like a very dark purpley room and I had no idea what happened.


And I think it's some kind of like, like epigenetics if something, You know, environmental happened. Genuinely, no idea at the time. Nothing came with the autopsy. We all immediately, especially Reed, You know, we came to Nashville and went to Vanderbilt. They have one of the best pediatric cardiology programs in the country. Probably the best did, I mean hundreds of tests to figure out, You know, was there any risk for Reid And there was nothing, nothing. And David always drank Red Bulls in the morning.


He would drink like two Red Bulls a day. He would drink one on the way to school and my mom would always kind of like David, he probably shouldn't drink that and he would be mom, everybody's drinking them. But she said there was like a gut feeling of don't think This is good for you. And she asked the doctor at the time like, do you think This is like his caffeine intake? Like what? Like there's no, we have no answers What could have happened for a completely fit, no chronic illness, no history of anything collapse and die within 15 minutes when you have an identical twin brother standing here with no problems, who's still to this day, doesn't have any problems, never had any scares or anything.


And she was like, could it have been, you know, let's talk about what he, my mom was very matter of fact of like let's figure it out. Like what happened? We need to, You know obviously like prevent this from happening to any of the other kids. She brought up the Red Bull and they like laughed at her and last year study came out that over like from the last 10 years about the cardiac effects of drinks like Red Bull Shit. And so that's just like one thing, but again you have no, they threw around something called Long qt, which is a rhythmic condition which I actually, I go in for like EKGs and testing. We all do like I don dunno if Chase still does, but every five years or so we'd go in And I'd get routine testing and they noticed something a few years ago.


So I came back up to Vanderbilt, we did all of that but it was nothing worth really addressing. But I monitor my caffeine intake for that reason. I kind of always, I look for like defibrillators in rooms at gyms and that kind of stuff, but nothing serious. But that Long qt that was just kind of a shot in the dark of like maybe it was that and that can be just spurred by environmental thing. So yeah, that's completely outta the blue. What did the Valentine's say? I think it was just happy Valentine's Day. Like love Brett to David with Little Heart. It was a lollipop. It was one of those ones you get at the store where you have the little note that like sticks up on it. I still have it.


You still have it? Oh yeah. I had a little book that I made him after the fact my mom was, and she's so intentional about everything and she faces it head on. Which I think when you were in the fog of grief, I look back and I'm like, I don how you did this. But if she knew even at that time that like my experience was gonna be so different than everybody else's. And so she, You know, put all these little papers together and made a booklet and she was like, I want you to draw out your favorite memories with David. She knew I would forget them. So I have this whole little book of like my terrible stick figure drawings of You know, going skiing and you know, making waffles in the morning.


And I would love when, You know, David would be like in the car for me and he would like play float rider or whatever. Like so I have all those written down and she has those in her house that I can go back and look at. But I'm very like she knew even at that point that it was gonna be a very different journey for all of us. And I think that she handled mine very, very well. And I, You know, she ended up running a grief organization for many years called Compassionate Friends, which if anybody out there has experienced the death of a child or sibling is an incredible organization that is just about the death of a child. There wasn't a chapter in Tennessee region.


And so she created one and ran it and through that I met kids that had been in a very similar situation as me where they lost somebody that was older than them. And again, it's so weird 'cause you grow up and you watch your family struggle and you, You know, you hit every Christmas and every anniversary and it's, you're, You know, no Christmas was never the same in our house. Like you ca holidays after losing somebody so close to you will always feel just empty. This goes like, This is a deep cut. I was like an English major, but Alfred Lord Tenison is a very famous English poet and he has a very, very long poem.


It's basically a book called Im Memoriam that tracks his experience through grief after losing his best friend. And I remember I read it in college And I was just like hit. 'cause I'd never heard anybody show the waves of grief over like the course of, you know, 10 years of like, and there was these moments each year that he would cover in the poem about holidays and Christmas specifically while like there's something about those days that are so, You know, they're about family and about community and about coming together in love and how can you do that when you've lost somebody that's so important.


And I'm just seeing that was like, okay, it's not abnormal. My family is feeling. And having that community through that organization was really helpful. And through that I met other kids, like I said, who had lost siblings. The were older than them because you, you grew up in the shadow of grief, which changes your childhood forever. You grew up desperately wanting to have the memories that everybody else does of like, you got 17 years with, I got five, You know, three of which I have no concept of any memory. One of which he was at a boarding school. So it's like maybe I got one year and then you feel kind of stupid 'cause it's like should this even impact me? It was five years old but it com it completely changes the trajectory of your family and your life.


And then I was, I I was literally, I almost said subconsciously, but it was much more tangible than that. I didn't think I was gonna live beyond 17 years in one week. 'cause that was when he died. Wow. His birthday was February 7th, he died February 14th. 'cause you, you idolize this person. And I've talked to people who have lost, lost parents at a young age and who have lost older siblings. And I had, you know, 12 years of still looking up to him. He was still my older brother. I mean it's it's not just one year though, You know what I mean? I mean that even though you don't have a memory of the first three years, I mean it's there.


Yeah. You know, I, I see it with my kids. Yeah. You know, one and three And I see my youngest, you know, totally infatuated with my 3-year-old. And I mean, so there's still that, there's that bond, you know, that's, that's it's real forming every minute of every day. Yeah. She doesn't wanna do anything that her brother's not doing and, and so Well you don't have a memory of it. It's the psyche's in there. Yeah. It's ingrained And it's hard to rationalize that when you feel ridiculous. But it's like that bomb, that idolization that you see with your daughter and your son of like, you just keep having that.


And I was like, I wanna go do the things that he did And I wanna be as smart as he was And I wanna be as good of a person as he was. And then you get to that point And I didn't like see a life beyond 17 in a week. And I remember it was my birthday's October 12th, I had midterms, it was a week after that. And I had like an English midterm and then it was like my second year at community college And I had Spanish midterm later in the afternoon. So I was sitting in the parking garage in my car sobbing. 'cause I had like made it, I felt so guilty Man.


What age did you start thinking then? What age did you start thinking you wouldn't make it past 17? Probably like tween years. When I really started to be able to think critically about the entire experience. And as it got closer then it was like, like it genuinely, it felt like such a betrayal. A betrayal, Yeah. Of him. Of like how did, how did I get here? Like why am I, how do I get to live longer than you? Especially when you idolize somebody for so many years, like you're a much better person than I was.


It's like you deserve so much more and why am I here? But that's also like on the flip side, it's such a fire under your ass of like, I always say I feel like I'm living for two people. 'cause there were, he had such big dreams, like he was so smart, he was so creative and it's like I never wanna waste an opportunity. So my mom gave so much to me and pushed so hard to, for me to pursue the things that I loved that would, You know, make me better, happier, more fulfilled. Does that turn you into an overachiever? Sure. Yeah. We're doing pretty damn good.


I Know. Yeah. I don't even think about it as overachieving. It's just like, just don't stop. Push it to the limit. Yeah. Well I mean, You know, we have a, you know, This is a huge veteran audience. Yeah. And lot of kids you know that have lost parents, lost siblings. Yeah. I mean what advice do you have for them? Especially the young kids? I've seen it. Yeah. You know, I've seen, I've seen my friends die. I've seen their five year olds Yeah. Show up to the casket with an American flag over it. They don't know what's going on. No, I think, Or maybe they do, You know, but I don't think you understand the magnitude of it until later.


You understand the magnitude because they're gone. But I, you, as you get older, you realize the magnitude of what that means for the rest of your life and what you'll carry. So I think that would kind of be the advice is just no it will never go away. And that's not, that doesn't have to be a a bad thing. It's just like, I think people think of like, oh you're grieving, you're in mourning. And we would have, You know, family, friends and even people in our family who would say like literally somebody in our family told my mom, it's been 10 years, why aren't you over it? But you'll never be over it. And you can choose to let that cripple you or you could choose to let it fuel you.


You can choose to let it determine your life in a really negative way where you are constantly living in the shadow of this. Or you can make a choice to live a life that's great in spite of it and in honor of them. Which I think is the decision that I made pretty clearly at a very young age. Like I remember at like 11 years old being like, I'm doing this for me and David And be very clear about it. And I was probably like a chronically self-aware kid, which is very abnormal. But you have to, you make a very conscious choice because it's been 17 years And I still, on the anniversary of his death was like sitting in the bank parking lot just like crying a couple weeks ago.


But it's also really special because you have the opportunity to never let somebody's legacy go away and be able to like speak their name and share their stories for your benefit but for other people's benefit as well. And so yeah, it will never, it will, grief will change over the years. It will feel less all consuming. You might go, You know, when you're in the thick of it. I think my mom would say she never felt like there would be a day that she could get through without consuming her. She can now.


She thinks about it every single day. It drives so much of what she does. It drives the fact that she's never given up on my brother Reed who struggles so much. But it changes and it does get easier and you learn how to cope with it better. But it'll always be there. And so you should try to look for the beauty in it. And the other thing that she always said to me starting from when I was very young is that, You know, grief wouldn't exist if we didn't love so deeply. And that's a blessing that you got to love.


It's kind of like it, You know, it's love that doesn't have anywhere to go anymore. So now you can choose where you're gonna put it and what you're gonna do with it. Do you believe in God? Do you think your brother's watching over you? Yeah, I think of every time I see a cardinal, do you know the idea with Red Birds that they're Oh yeah, I know. And I drive out of our house. We live in the middle of, You know, the backwoods. There's one spot where I'm driving out on this dirt road and every single day without fail, even in like the season when cardinals should not be there, drives right in front of my car.


How does that make you feel? Incredible. And it wasn't there all the time. Didn't see him a lot say him because I literally, I'm just like, Hey, that's David. It's hard this summer I was really going through a hard time, felt very lost, was really questioning of what I was doing was right and some, you know, career decisions that I was gonna be making. And that's when I started seeing him. And I haven't gotten a day without seeing him since. And what did that tell you? Because That I'm doing okay. Lean into your gut. Yeah, We did all sorts of things. My mom visited mediums that went right after, I mean I haven't done that And I kind of want to, but she like she did, she went to multiple mediums like one in New York where you're, you don't tell them or even his assistant like who you are or anything about you and you go to this hotel room and he would just like sit there.


It was like talking about it is so weird. And both her first husband and David popped up. Are you serious? Yeah. And we're like, there's a a 17-year-old young man here who wants to speak to you. I mean it was like, I was actually just thinking about this meeting the other day. I was googling trying to see if I could find him and need ask her mom the name. 'cause I would love to go just do this. But yeah, she was able to speak to Don, her first husband, to hear from him. She had a miscarriage between the, between the boys I think. And I'm pretty sure they didn one of the medium things that baby came in, said something, You know, the lights just di behind you twice.


I saw that. I believe in all that stuff. Me too. I know it's real man. There's not a, there's not a doubt in my mind. Yeah. Which also is another part of this that can be very special. Again, it's all like it. It's something that's really hard to hear and it's hard to implement, but it is about perspective at the end of the day. If you can think of it as I will let this drive me. I will be a better person in spite of this, I will live for both you and me And I will make you proud and I'll know that you're always around me. Like that's pretty cool.


It is. Do you think he's there right now? Absolutely. I think I'm so like selfish, but I'm like, he doesn't go day without being with me. Yeah. He's got a bunch of people to bounce around with, but I'm like, no, here You're the baby. I know, exactly. I need to send him over to my other brother though. You need to go help him. We'll talk about that in a minute. Yeah. Let's take a quick break. Sounds Good.


Want to help optimize your life? BOND CHARGE is a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products designed to help you perform better. And they've got your wellness covered. My wife tried their red light face mask and it has been a game changer. It's now part of her nightly routine and it could help you with reducing wrinkles and wound healing. Just use it 10 to 20 minutes a day while you're winding down. Their mask can help remove sleep. Disturbing blue and green light offers both near infrared and red light in one device and has zero EMF radiation or Flicker. Plus, its lightweight and comes with a one year warranty. BOND CHARGE ships worldwide and has incredible products like EMF protection gear and infrared sauna blankets. There's a 12 month warranty on the red light therapy devices ready to feel better. Go to BOND CHARGE dot com slash ss and USE CODE SRS to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A g.com/s RS and use the coupon code SRS to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


While we may have won this election, the fight to restore a great nation has just begun. Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge is America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile help support the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life in our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT and get a free month of service with promo code SS. Switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend your freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT.


Part of the reason I do what I do is for my family, I want to leave them a better country than the one I was born into. I also wanna make sure they're taken care of financially and that's why I make it a priority to help protect the money I've worked so hard to earn and save. And one of the ways I do that is by diversifying into gold and silver. Precious metals have been a store of value for thousands of years, and they are known as a hedge against market risk and inflation. If you're interested in learning about how precious metals can help you, you should reach out to my partners at Goldco. They're an amazing company. They support this show And I trust them right now. They're offering a free gold and silver kit. All you have to do is go to sean likes gold.com. You'll also learn about a special offer to get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver for qualified orders. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. S-H-A-W-N likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours.


All right, so we're back from the break. Yeah. The medium stuff. Yeah. Have you ever heard of the Long Island Medium? I think that's what they call her. Yes. Yeah. Wasn't she on some reality shows? Yeah, I think she's been on a ton of stuff. Yeah. But my wife's, my wife's family had some crazy stuff happen with with that. They went to, I think I They do like a show. Yeah. You know, and it sounded like it was pretty intimate. And without getting too into detail about her family, she had, she had some family members that they lost their dad and they went to this, they went to this medium.


It's kind of like, You know, just entertainment. Yeah. And you know, she was like, oh, the medium was like, oh, You know, I'm getting this and all these people raise their hand. I'm like, no, it's not you and oh, like they're saying this and all these other people raise their hand and it's like, no, it's not you. And she said, they know that you go in the closet and spray your dad's old cologne in total privacy to remember him and her family member just started like crying immediately.


And then, You know, then there was a little bit more, I can't remember the rest of it, but it's like, man, that stuff is wild. Yeah. You know? Have you seen the telepathy tapes? No. I'll have to ask the team downstairs about it, but there's a, I'll butcher the explanation, but it is, it's a podcast that it's been blowing up and it focuses on nonverbal people with autism Really, And just telepathy and all of that. And not just being able to communicate, but like being in separate rooms and like, this person will have like a ball or something and they'll have this person in the other room and it's like, so what are they looking at?


And it's like, purple ball. That's so crazy, man. It's, It's just all like, It's like some type of connected consciousness. Yeah, Yeah. The brain is like, there's so much we don't know. And I think that cannot be fully explained and probably never will be explained. And that's probably, You know, faith. But Yeah, I'm with you. You know, it's like I just, I don't think any, I don't think that we are aware of our full capability. You know, I've, I've doven into the subject several times with the psychic type stuff and the remote viewers and stuff like that.


And I think that's a fascinating subject. And You know, there's, of course there's everybody else who claims it and, and which is just complete bullshit. But, but yeah, I think that the, the human mind is capable of so much more than we can even fathom. Yeah. You know, and it's, I think it's been dubbed down just from century to century to century into, into what we are today. But, but I mean, and, and a lot of those guys talk about it, You know, like how, how they think that it may have happened and, but yeah. And, And I use, I mean, I just, in a weird way, I use that in business and what I'm doing and there are no fucking limits, You know?


And, and like we're just capable of so much and we put these false limitations on ourselves and, and trap ourselves in these little prisons. Yep. You know, and, and it, a lot of people, we all suffer from it somewhat, right. But some, a lot more than others. But we just, anyways, yeah. I just, I think that we are capable of so much more than what we're doing and if you can wrap your head around that and start to realize there are no limitations, then Amazing things can be accomplished. And you're doing that by the way, so congratulations.


Congratulations. But let's lighten it up a little bit. Yeah. So you moved to California, you start getting into acting. Yeah. Yeah. So I, At least I think that's lighten it up. I don't know how you feel about California maybe. No, no. California is fine. No, I spent, so I've spent 10 years of my life there. It's like, I think of my childhood in Chattanooga and that is where the most formative things in my entire life happened. You know, it's where I lost my brother. I mean, it's just like that's, I'm rooted there in so many ways. But I, my adolescence was spent in LA and my mom was born there and my, they had lived in California prior to me being born.


They lived in northern California. So in a lot of ways for her it was just, You know, going back home. Yeah. I started, I mean that had to be a culture shock, right? Oh, completely. Went from Chattanooga, Tennessee. I hated it to la I hated it. You hated la Well, I loved What I was doing because I, I didn't ever think of acting as a job. I didn't think of it as a job until I was like 15 and started, You know, I was going into college and had to start thinking of it as like a career and a job. And then I was like, oh, I don't, it was just fun. Again, it was like you go through something so intense as a small child and you have nowhere to put that emotion and to have something that allowed me to, You know, walk around in somebody else's shoes and to kind of safely express things I didn't feel comfortable expressing in our home.


Like I would, after my brother died, I would hide in cabinets. Really. Like I would live, like, I would go in the kitchen cupboard and like shut the door. There was like a cabinet in our house in North Chattanooga where I would do it. There was a house, a cabinet in on Signal Mountain where I would do it And I would lock my, like I was just a shut down and acting gave me the, well, Hold on. Why would you go in the cabinet? I was just wanted to be alone. It was safer. You felt safer. Safer that I could be somewhere that was like my own space. There's like, I mean I still do that sometimes. Do you still lock yourself on the camera? Not in a, not on a cupboard, but like there was, there was a day I was working on the show And I just felt so like, like last week I felt so overwhelmed and it was like every noise in the house was just like too much.


And I went And I literally sat in my dark closet, close the door, didn't turn the light on and just finish writing the show. And I was like, I just have to be, they each kind of like turn stuff off. And I think I felt that at a very young age of there was so much noise, like emotional noise. There was my brother, there was my mom and dad grieving individually and fighting and a lot of change. And I felt like I didn't have something of my own. And it being a small confined space just felt like that pressure of like This is safe and acting gave me the ability to I guess be big, to like express things in a way that I wasn't able to express.


Like I, my mom would always say like I would go on stage, I'd become like an animal. Like I would just like light up. I loved being able to not be Brett and be somebody else and experience their experiences. That's why I loved doing things on stage. And You know, I went, I love theater theater's my first love I would say. And ended up going to LA And the reason why I went to LA is because if you're under 18 and you wanna be on Broadway, there are height limits and you can't be taller than five feet most of the time. And I was super tall, like grew like a string bean. So the manager that I had written a letter to at eight years old saying I wanted to be on Broadway was like, you can go home to Chattanooga and you can just keep doing regional theater and maybe audition for a show here and there.


Or you can go to LA if you wanna keep acting 'cause you are five foot two and you're 11 years old and you're not gonna be hired for anything. You've got seven years to kill basically. 'cause they won't. And the reason for that is when you're at the very back of the house on stage, they want you to look significantly smaller than the adults on stage. There can be no confusion about whether you are an adult or you, whether you are a child on screen or on stage. So it makes sense. But that was heartbreaking for me 'cause I, all I wanted to do is be on Broadway. I was like At eight years old you knew you wanted to be on Broadway. Oh Yes. I was like, that's what I wanna do. We would go see Broadway shows, it would like come through Atlanta and we would drive up and see them. And I was like, that is what I wanna do.


Would you act just as an 8-year-old just playing around? I mean, yeah. So yeah. What would you do? I would act out things in our front yard. I was constantly writing stories. And the funny thing is, I, we went and saw theater. We didn't have television in our house. We had a TV And I was allowed, we were talking about this last night, I was allowed to watch the Andy Griff show And I love Lucy and that was all. So I wasn't like, I was watching movies and TV shows, like I wanna be on Disney Channel or whatever it was. But I just, I read constantly. I love stories. At the end of the day, what drives me more than anything in like this career still today in acting is a love of story, is understanding why people do the things that they do. How stories change us.


I've been personally positively impacted by stories, whether they be through literature or on stage or on film of seeing yourself in a character or being able to put yourself in their shoes. And that being an incredibly transformative experience. I don know for me politics is storytelling 'cause it's all about human nature. I think that's why I am interested in it because it's, You know, it's reality tv, it's a, You know, Shakespeare tragedy, whatever, depending on the day, those can kind of be interchanged a bit. But it is about story. And I love every day getting on my show and being able to tell a story and bring people in and weave that together and take them along on this journey and have a beginning, middle, and end.


And hopefully leave them changed at the end and like have them think about something in a different light or feel something through me telling this story. And that's why I loved acting. So I didn't at, You know, 11 years old, I didn't care if it was on stage or on film. I was like, I just wanna tell stories. I just wanna act. So it was both a hobby and an escape. Yes. When Did you I don't think I could have like said that at 10 years old I was just like, I, You didn't realize it was an escape? No, I was just like, I love to act. When did you realize it was an escape? I think a lot of things clicked for me around 13 years old. 13, 14. It's when stuff really took off with my parents.


Divorce got messy. It's when my brother Reed had his first psychotic break. It was when I think I just became a lot more self-aware as all of those things were happening. And I think that's when I kind of realized like, oh This is why I love it 'cause I'm not me. And that was also why starting to do things on camera for like this whatever industry I've ended up in of like this like cultural commentary, whatever it is. It was so weird for me because I was, I was just being Bret, being Bret was very hard. It was the reason why I never sang in public. My first professional job actually was singing, first time I was ever paid was to be in the Atlanta Symphony operas production of La Oam.


I'm a classically trained singer. I've been doing it the longest out of any of these things just 'cause I was in like choir when I was younger. And to this day I am petrified of singing in public because it's, it's me. Like I can sing in a musical And I can be a character and I'm on this ride of, You know, whatever character I'm playing. I'm, You know, getting through the entire show, beginning, middle, and end. I'm not Brett, I'm this person, but if you ask me to get up on stage and just sing you a song, it is like I have like stripped down And I might be better at it now that I've gotten so comfortable of like I'm sitting here, I'm just being Brent streamed millions of people.


It's like, You know, I have however many billions of views over the last three years. So I've gotten more comfortable with it. But I spent over 10 years avoiding just being Brett and being a character because it helped me. I think that helped me understand me more. Do you think you still have a lot of walls up? Yeah, for sure. I've gotten, I mean I would've never cried in front of you five, six years ago. I remember the first time that I ever cried in front of somebody. I was sitting in the Burbank public library sitting outside the grass having a picnic with one of my good friends at the time in LA. And something had happened with my brother and that was the first time I ever cried in front of somebody that was not my mom.


Like even like showing any kind of emotion in that regard, terrified of letting people in could not like, I felt like I'd been burned enough by my dad. I couldn't let him in and like he wanted to let me in either. That was just like I was really having a hard time processing things. Have you ever thought about psychedelics? No. I'm terrified of Them. Why? Things that could go wrong, what could go wrong? My brother is, but I don't think my brother did them well. But I look at my brother who has basically tried every single drug in the book and didn't do anything that was intentional or for healing.


And so I, I think I've, my impression has been tainted by that. But we even were like talking last night of like, maybe that would be good for him to go do something that is intentional and tailored for healing. Maybe it would be good for you. I Know what I did do though was, have you ever heard of em? EMDR And that was kind of the, and that's not even close to psychedelics, but that was probably the most transformative thing I ever did in therapy. I don't think I, and that was like, I wouldn't be able to be here having this conversation with you without that of like tapping into things that I had never even considered processing or thinking about the way that they impacted me and my childhood.


And there were so many things that I had forgotten that in doing that therapy And I did multiple different kinds. I did the rapid eye movement, which is harder for me. What ended up really working are the eggs that they like put in your hands that are a little vibrating things and you hold 'em and they go. And that was super, I mean it was like I locked in immediately and it was like floodgates, floodgates of everything I watched and saw. And even things were relatively recent that I was, You know, it was going on with my brother and his schizophrenia of stuff that I just didn't consider and time. It was like so normal to me at that point.


So that was The thing about psychedelics is the walls completely come down and Sounds scary. It is until you do it. But they can, they completely come down and there's aspects of yourself that you never realized were there. You, you find out who you are and because the walls come down and some of the walls, I think at least with myself, You know, I didn't, you don't even realize certain walls are up 'cause they've been up so damn long. Yeah. And then when they completely go away, you find a lot of things out about yourself.


Might be something to look into. Maybe not. I don't know. You'd go with my brother, Would I? I said no. I could go with my brother. That could be really good. Yeah, that could be really good. Did we talk about this on your show? Can't remember. No, I Don't think so. Yeah, I did it And I didn't realize I had all these walls up and it just changed it, it changed the entire trajectory of my life and it was already, it was going like this, but with my family, with my wife, with my son at the time, You know, I didn't have my daughter yet.


And it helped me be in the more, in the moment it helped me be more open with my wife. It took a lot of the fear that I didn't even realize I had business wise. And then my business went straight up. Yeah. Because I realized I wasn't beholden to anybody. And all the fears of, well, You know, the fears, the fears of being in the limelight and, and having millions of people following you and, and feeling beholden to an audience. I mean all of that shit went away. It all fucking went away man.


And I'm just, I'm a huge proponent of it. I've seen so many people turn their lives around with get rid of addictions, anxieties, depression, post-traumatic stress, all that kind of stuff, man. Like the walls come down and your life trajectory just, it's, you find out who you are and you lean into that and it, it, it, it also kind of reassures that your intuition is pretty much right on the money. Yeah. But yeah, Probably good with, I don't think I'm somebody that's super anxious but there is a perfectionism that is ingrained in me.


I think when you And I really, I mean even yesterday on Alex's and my drive to dinner, I was just like, I don't even know what set it off but I'm such a, my entire childhood between David's death and my parents' divorce and my dad is somebody that desperately wanted to please and could never really please. And there was so much going on that I was constantly a peacemaker. And I, it's ironic that I do what I do, but I rocking the boat in my personal life is incredibly difficult.


I can stand up to people in business. I've done really hard things when it comes to career and business. I've taken a lot of risks. I put myself out there. But when it comes to like my personal life, there are like little minute things of where I feel like I'm gonna let somebody down and disappoint them. That I'm like, I allow myself to be a doormat 'cause I'm so terrified of the repercussions of not, of being too loud, of being. And again, I think that goes back to acting of like it gave me the opportunity to be big, to be a hundred percent me. Even though I was like playing another character. I went from being in this house where I felt like I had to be in this. Like I had put myself in this cupboard, make myself small.


So, 'cause everybody else was dealing with much bigger things. I was like, I remember thinking that as a kid, like I'm, whatever I'm going through, it's not as important. Like I'm, I was aware enough of that And I just desperately wanted to keep the peace. I was like if I can fix this situation, if I can just keep people like together and happy and like we can just walk on eggshells, we can get through this and maybe they won't fight, maybe he won't drink. Maybe Reid won't do X, y, z. And I think I still carry that and it's this, it's so ironic because I get online And I, especially three years ago when I was first starting shared things were very controversial. I think now I, it's more culturally acceptable to talk about what we talk about it and what I do on the show.


But three years ago it's like ironic that I have, so I carry so much weight and anxiety in my personal life. Like I, and This is why Alex, I'm so like he's the greatest man of, I could not like let him be angry at me. Not even be angry, but just to like, oh Brett, why? Like I was petrified And I couldn't like, I don't even know how to describe it. Like I didn't even wanna take a like one misstep And I think another person would've seen that and kind of rolled with it and been like, great, she's gonna do whatever I want. And he looked at that and he was like, that is inhibited. That's like a problem that you can't even, that you burst into tears and are hysterically crying at the thought of disappointing me over you burned chicken for dinner.


And I was just like, because I, this person that I respected and loved so much already early on in our relationship And I was like, you're just another person I can't let down, I can't let you down. He was like, it's a chicken. It's like if you can't even, and that's probably the thing that my mom and looking at our relationship has had like the most gratitude for Alex for helping me with is standing up for myself in family in work. I don't think I would've done anything I did in the last 12 months without him. I don't think I would be as confident in my family and navigating the relationships and anything in my personal life without having that person who looked at me and went, that's really not normal.


Like what happened to you to make you think that This is so, but I still like, I've gotten a lot better but I still will just be like be set off. I had another like chicken incident the other day where I opened a package of chicken and it was mislabeled And I was like had this recipe that I was making for dinner And I thought it was one kind of chicken And I opened it up and it wasn't And I was just like, just like, oh no, it's all gonna be ruined. And I like threw the package of chicken And I was like, oh my god it's whatever. And he came home from the gym and he was like, what the hell have I like walked into? And I was like, you're gonna like be disa disa disappointed. And then it was like five minutes later I was like, oh I'm doing it again, aren't I? The lights just flickered And you hear that and you're like, and you But I mean like the most loving, supportive relationship with the most, like he's so even tempered.


It's one of the things that I love most about, he's like unflappable. He has like had the most normal healthy family. They're in incre, I love my in-laws. And he met this girl who is like, has been through all of this stuff and he is You know, absolutely undeterred and is so steady and never looked at it as like you're broken, you're whatever. It's just like This is like your life will be better if you, anyway. So that's probably what I would, It's interesting That would help me with that Because you're overconfident, You know what I mean? Yeah. Maybe not overconfident. You're very confident. The Brett Cooper that we all know is very confident.


I'm incredibly, there's like nothing I can't do in my mind. Then behind the scenes you're very self-conscious. Yeah. Which I feel like to an extent is like a healthy balance because I, not the way that it manifests in like my very personal life where I still am having to, that's such like a weird lefty like psychological term. But like I'm learning those things but I'm having to let go of that 'cause I'm not in a relationship or an environment where that's gonna hurt me anymore or I'm gonna feel any repercussions for that. I don't need to keep a boat steady anymore. And I still like will have moments where I feel that. So that part of it isn't healthy And I know that. But I do think there's something to be said for when I go to work, when I turn on the camera, when I'm talking about the things that I care about that I know are good for people.


That I believe in that I believe in truth, that my voice doesn't waiver. That I have lofty goals for myself. That I think about my brother. I'm like, I'm gonna live for both of us. I'm gonna do all these things. I'm never gonna say no to an opportunity. I'm gonna take a huge risk. And then, but I also go home And I know that I'm like, I'm not really the shit, I'm not the most important person in the world. I don't think that I am, I, I'm not in it for fame or power, money, whatever it is. I genuinely love what I do. I love telling stories. So I think there's an aspect of it that's I think probably has helped me a little bit. But the self-conscious aspect of it certainly doesn't, You're a wise woman man.


I'm being serious, especially for 23 years old. But just in general you're very wise and You know, it's, it's super impressive to me that that's how you've taken your brother's death is living for him. And I mean that's just something we talk about so much right here because we, we talk about a lot of loss 'cause Yeah. My background and a lot of the guest background being military special operations, we just, it's just part of it and It's powerful. I, I'm not the only person who comes on here and breaks down and cries. It's you have a something in this room.


Well the thing is a lot of people will take death and they will, they'll take the loss of a loved one and it will debilitate their entire existence. You know, and when people ask me for advice on, You know, how to deal with loss or I ask a guest on how to deal with loss to include you at 23, having been through it at five. I mean it's like that's how you have to look at it. That's how you, that's how you have to look at it. You do you think that person would want to watch you suffer? Yeah. And mourn and and and ruin your entire life outta grief and no man, that's not what they would want.


Yeah. They would want you to win. They would want you to live your life to the fullest. And so I think it's just amazing that you've already figured that out and sound like you figured it out a long time ago. And so I don know how good for you such shocks me Intuition man. Yeah, powerful. It's very, it's genuinely thinking back and now looking at kids that I meet that were, You know, this age and looking at young people and knowing that at 12, 13 years old I was tangibly thinking I'm going to break a cycle. That's weird. So I mean it's powerful but it's like, I was thinking that already, it's Not normal. No.


It shouldn't be weird. That should be, I wish that for any young person that's, You know, I haven't, I didn't have the worst childhood in the world. I had something that was very abnormal and it was very hard. But I know that there are a lot of kids that have gone through far worse things and very different things and we've all had our own different walks of life. And I think that there are some of us that see again, that see that as fuel and that are given the gift of being able to be like chronically self-aware or just aware of your situations to have that light bulb moment. But I was articulating that in my mind and to other people. I remember talking to my like Sunday school teacher at a young age and being like, I will not replicate what I've seen because there was so much unhappiness and so much my parents were both brilliant individuals and that marriage held them back in a magnitude of ways.


And there was so much unhappiness already. And then adding in my brother's death, death adding in, You know, schizophrenic diagnosis, adding in my father's major depressive disorder, adding in suicide attempts into our family. It was like, I'm not, I'm going to do everything I can. 'cause I knew there's more to life than that. Did you go through family suicide attempts at a young age? Or is this later on? No, I was Young. Did You know that?


What was the first one? 12, 13 that like those years shit went down basically. Yeah, my dad, there was a lot leading up to that of threats of it. And my mom had dealt with that. That was something she didn't share. I think she was right too. I don't think it's my right to even share that here and talk about his family because that was very personal and they worked, they, she fought those battles in private.


It was a heavy weight to carry. And then, yeah, around it was 1213. It was, there wasn't any hiding it, it was in front of us and not, You know, physically, but it was, we were involved. I was driving around Chattanooga with my brother Reed at 3:00 AM looking for him, standing on the Chattanooga walking bridge, wondering if he had jumped. 'cause we had no idea where he went. We knew he was somewhere. Geez. So there's incredible unhappiness.


This was common. That was the only time that I think a step was taken and that I was, That My brother And I were involved. It brought into the kind of the circle of it. Where did you find him? He came home. How did You know it was a suicide attempt? Gave us postcards as he walked out the door. He, he gave everybody a postcard. He couldn't really understand it. And we put the pieces together and they're very ominous.


And I, You know how I was telling you at dinner last night that I had a Nancy Drew fixation And I would go, I busted my brother's high school party and that kind of thing. And I, anyway, we were given these, I guess I went back into Nancy Drew mode. We were given these postcards and I was like, something's not right. My mom was super confused. Reid And I were watching some movie on the couch. He walked out of his office, gave us a postcard, gave my mom a postcard and left, didn't say a word. And again, I was just like, something's not right.


I started looking around the house And I found a manila envelope with a suicide note on his bedside table with ever all of his information will testament. And I brought that into my mom and we called the police. Holy shit, I'm so grateful he didn't do it. What was it like when he came home?


I ignored him. I was so angry. I don't think he wanted to see us. Anyway, he went straight to my mom. And then looking back, I don't know, I ignored him 'cause I was so hurt. I just went into my room. I don't even know the right, You know how to handle that until 13 years old. I don't know what I did was right. But I really shut him out after the fact. And we already had, even at that young age, we were like, 'cause I'm so much like my mom and I've often wondered if he saw that and kind of resented it.


'cause they had so many problems and he wanted me to be something that she wasn't and that I wasn't, there was already a lot of anger there and a lot of hurt. I'd been let down a lot. He wasn't super involved. And that was when I started asking questions. I think it was, I was probably 13, I need to get my dates right 'cause that kind of led into that whole period of all the curtains were pulled back. That's when I learned about his family and everything he had gone through. And suddenly it all made sense.


I, And even with understanding that and going through the process of learning it over those years after the fact, I was, it was like, it was just really hurtful. But I often wonder again, what's the best way to, as a kid, what do you do? I felt so much guilt being like, did I, should I have, You know, that goes into the whole doormat kind of thing. Should I just have tried more? Should I been what he wanted? Try it not of should I have kept the peace more? Is there anything I could have done that I cause any of this?


'cause there was so much anger And I was so hurt that he would've attempted to do such a thing. And it really made things hard after that. Where do you go from there as a family Divorce? I had him blocked for a long time. Which again, I look back And I was that right? But I mean it was like fireworks And I just couldn't, that's when I went into therapy around that time because then that I had, you know, I was living in California, still acting.


I would spend six months at home, six months in California. He stopped coming out to visit. My brother was full schizophrenia in and out of hospitals, homeless. There was so much going on And I just had to shut everything out. I, It, it took a long, again, it's like, in a way, moving back to Nashville or moving back to Tennessee Is what I needed in a lot of ways. I needed to meet Alex. I think I needed to be closer to my dad.


I needed to leave my mom. I had spent basically every waking moment with her. We were probably a little too connected. I think there was some co-defendants that we needed to let go of. 'cause we had been through like shit together. It was like me and her through suicide and divorce and schizophrenia and death and an acting career, whatever, like living in a tiny LA apartment. And I think that I needed to literally move across the country and unwind some of that. And she knows this And I feel comfortable saying it, but I, I became a spouse to her. She was super lonely as you would be.


And I took on a lot of that weight for her. And I wouldn't change that 'cause she really needed it. But I had to get here and separate. And it gave me the chance to connect with my dad as an adult in a way that I hadn't been able to with a lot of just like, I'm gonna let it go.


We all value our freedom, privacy, and financial security. But cyber criminals don't. Hackers, scammers and thieves are trying to steal what is rightfully yours every day. I'm always looking for ways to protect my family and to keep their personal information secure, which can be tough in my line of work. This is why I trust Identity Guard. With Identity Guard, you're not flying blind. They monitor your identity, credit and social security number in real time. So you get instant alerts before the damage is done. When you sign up, you get access to their USA based customer care team who is available to you 24 7. You also get up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, dark web monitoring bank and investment account protection and home and auto title fraud alerts. Listen to this offer from Identity Guard. Identity Guard is offering our listeners a 30 day free trial and 60% off when you go to Identity Guard dot com slash ss. That's 30 free days and 60% off at Identity Guard dot com slash ss. That is less than what you're paying for that streaming service you forgot to cancel this month. That's I-D-E-N-T-I-T-Y-G u.com/ss to sign up for a 30 day free trial and get 60% off. Certain terms apply. So be sure to check the site for details.


Cozy Earth products are designed to transform your five to nine the time that matters most into you time at the Coziest sanctuary. Cozy earth's bestselling bamboo sheets are buttery soft temperature regulating and crafted for five star comfort every night. And cozy earth's lux bath sheets let you wrap yourself in everyday indulgence cozy earth's lux bath sheets. Bring spa-like softness into your home. These bath sheets are huge ultra absorbent and so, so soft luxury starts when you rest. Give Cozy Earth to try risk free. They've got a 100 night sleep trial and a 10 year warranty on all Cozy Earth bedding and bath products. Sanctuary awaits at Cozy Earth love them or send them back. But trust me, you won't want to. Luxury shouldn't be out of reach. Visit Cozy Earth dot com slash ss and use my exclusive code SRS for up to 40% off Cozy Earth's bestselling sheets, towels, pajamas, and more. That's Cozy Earth dot com slash ss. And if you get a post-purchase survey, tell them you heard about Cozy Earth right here on the Shawn Ryan Show.


How did you reconnect with him? I mean, after all that It was very clunky. What was the initial, I mean, I told him that I was moving back and he drove up to Nashville to help me move into my first rental house. It was so uncomfortable. I was so, we were both so awkward. How long had it been since you'd seen him? A couple of years. How long had it been since you'd talked to him A while? Yeah. It was very hard. It still is. I don't think I'm, And I think I could be a lot better still.


I think now I have let go of expectations that I don't think will ever be met. And now I look at him and look at our family and it's like, all right, so we're all here. This is the, my mom would always say, she says this in terms of family and emotions and politics and philosophy. But in order to assess anything, you have to look at your current reality. You can't think of idealism of what you hope people would be like. What you hope the world would be like of what a politician you would love for them to do of what you hope somebody would do in your life. You have to look at things as they are and go from there.


And I think I'm at a point now where I look at him, I look at our family and I'm like, This is where we're fricking at. This is what we've gone through. There's no changing that. I'm 23 years old now. I don't, you have no financial power over me, you have no anything. And it's like I have to look at you as a human being who has been hurt, who struggled so much, who I probably hurt and you hurt me and just go from there. 'cause the last thing I wanna do is So the next, You know?


And even when we were really struggling and we didn't talk, that wasn't what I wanted. It's what I felt like I needed. I think I needed to block a lot of stuff out. I just assess everything. But I didn't see that as being healthier. Right. And I don't wanna live a life of regret of I pushed somebody away that needed me. That I'm at a point now where I think I'm grown enough, I'm mature enough, I have my ducks in a row that we can have an adult relationship and not have the kind of father, father daughter.


Like it's never, it's never been us. It never will be us. But I love him. I want the best for him. He's given a lot, especially recently to my brother who really struggles. He really showed up for him in a way that genuinely took me by surprise. Which was incredibly like, I think healing in a way is that you're putting somebody else first and you're giving a lot. As awkward as it was, did it feel good that he was there? Yeah. You want your dad to show up.


What was the conversation? Well, there was nothing of substance. It was like, where do you want your couch and I'll hope you move this in and that kind of thing. And we'll He Lived in Nashville when he was really young. And actually the neighborhood that I first lived in was like two blocks over from where their little house was. So that was funny. We talked about that. He watches the show. He Does. And that was really special. Did he tell you That? Took a while, but he did. And he was, I don know hearing that somebody's proud of you when you've always wanted to hear that, doesn't matter how late it is.


Still feels good. I bet he is very proud of you. Yeah And I think he's doing a lot better. Again, the most important thing I've learned from that there's always something that you can learn from these situations. They kill you or they make you better and smarter and more introspective. But a lot about what works and doesn't work in a marriage. The finding compatibility. And then I think with him the most important thing is finding purpose. You have to find something that drives you.


'cause a life without isn't very, very lonely. You have to get over yourself to pour into people and get over your own bullshit. And I think having a career or something that drives you helps you kind of get out of your own head and your own issues. And I think it was just a domino effect of all of that and a bad marriage and all that. So it's, yeah, it's funny 'cause I was, sometimes I was reading a Reddit post at one point somebody had sent me about me and it was like, does Fred have daddy issues? Like I had no idea.


It was like, I guess she's like become, You know, she speaks about it in a way that is Like she's learned from it. And that's, that's what I always, I would never say I have daddy. I think I have family issues. I think as all of us do. I think we all have things that impacted our childhood. But it was really helpful for me to hear stories like this. You know, I love coming of age novels And I love family drama And I think the reason why I loved it and hearing, You know, stories spoken in this way 'cause it made me feel less crazy. It was like nobody's family is perfect.


Even meeting my husband of like outside perfect family, they all love each other. I was so stressed the first day I met his parents. I was like, I don't even know how to operate in like a functional, people love each other. You all are like functional. You're all productive members of society. This is great. And then you beat 'em and you're like, oh no, you've all got your, you've got your shit too. Everybody's going through something they have no idea the white people carry. What's something you would want your dad to know about you? What would you want to tell him? I'd wanna tell him that I forgive him and I, That I desperately wanted to make him happy.


I think he, he spent a lot of our, You know, my time growing up with him butting heads and being in totally different realities. Kind of, of like we were just in totally different planes of existence. Like ships in the night or, and it was rare at a very young age. We had a great relationship. You know, my earliest memories are being in the hiking backpack. You might have one with your kids where they like sit above your head head and picking wild blueberries in blackberries on Orcas Island. And you would do warm mo milk and poetry and we would sit in front of the fire and he would warm up milk and he would have like coffee or tea and he would read out loud.


To me, the reason why I love stories is because of him. And I think when I became older and more headstrong and we went through my brothers death and just so much changed that changed our relationship dramatically. But I've never stopped loving him. And we fought constantly and a lot of it was rooted in, I'm just trying to make you happy. How about, I love to hear that You wanna go to California now? Yeah, let's do it. Nice. So you got to California. Yeah. Was acting.


Yeah. I love, I love it. There's Very few things that I love as much as acting. Again, it goes back to story, it goes back to storytelling and escape industry is not for me. I mean, you got into it. So you got into it by writing letters. Yes. As an 8-year-old. Yeah. And painting pictures, really ugly pictures. I wrote a letter to a manager who would, rep was representing a ton of kids on Broadway. Said I wanna be Jane Banks, Mary Poppins. They were on Broadway at the time. And I drew a picture of myself on stage and my mom helped me make little velvet curtains that went on the poster board. And it was me in my face. My, I had a bowl cut with bangs.


My bowl, my bowl cut in the Jane Banks costume on a stage. And I sent it to him and he had that up on his wall for like 10 years, however long I was working with him. He was like, nobody has ever like, This is so wild. Nobody's ever done this. But I knew what I wanted. I was like, I wanna figure out how to make this happen. And I found him by watching YouTube videos of interviews with young people that were on Broadway of these like, You know, eight to 15 year olds. And I started putting the pieces together. I was like, he's in all of these videos. He represents all of these people. Damn. Yeah, I'm, I was in it. It's like that always sunny me where he has the, I was like putting all the pieces together.


People was talking about that with conspiracy theories. I was like, how do I get on Broadway? Yeah. And I, And I just, I chased it then my mom was like, I don't wanna take you to la this sounds awful. And I begged, I begged, I begged to begged. And so we would try it here and there. We would do like three months at the beginning of the year, which is called pilot season when all the shows are getting green lit. And then we'd go home for the summer and then I'd come back in what's called episodic season when all the shows that are working, they're running and we have guest stars and recurring roles and that kind of thing. And we would audition for those. And You know, it's funny, all the hate comments that I get from people, they'll usually go back to acting and they're like, oh you're a failed like D-list actor.


It's like, yeah I didn't become, you know, Zendaya or whatever, But I worked consistently. Like I was able to cover an apartment. I put money away to be able to buy a car at 16 and help put myself through college and You know, paid for my acting classes. Like my parents didn't just give me my money to just like go spend at a young age was put into an account. There's, You know, coogan accounts where the state takes 15% that I received when I became 18. And we put all of that back into acting. So acting classes, improv classes, dance classes.


She never wanted me to feel like it was a job or like I was benefiting it, You know, from it. 'cause like what 10-year-old should be making tens of thousands of dollars for counted TV shirts. That's a mind fuck. And you emancipated yourself at 15? 15. Yeah. And that was for a myriad of reasons, it was, family was the root of it because my parents' divorce was incredibly hostile and went on for a long time. And it got to the point that I was being used as a upon of, You know, I was 15 years old and there was like, if you give me custody, I'll give you your money back or whatever it is.


And you Just, You know, my dad was like, you need to come back to Tennessee and live with me. And it was just like I became used in that way and didn't like the feeling. And I don't think my mom liked it. That wasn't how she wanted to end that marriage. And again, I think my dad felt really out of control And I just wanted to remove myself from the equation. I was like, you don't get to use me in this. So that was a big part of it. 'cause I was, You know, I was working, I was working as an actor. I was about to graduate, about to graduate high school. I had a full-time job at Trader Joe's 'cause I always worked outside of acting to make sure I had, You know, fun money.


'cause I didn't use any of my acting money. That was all just in other accounts. So I wanted to go hang out with a friend or buy a dress or whatever. I had to, you know, babysit and go work a trade, whatever it was I could cover, You know, living in an apartment with a roommate. And How do you find a roommate at age 15? I had a good friend of the family from Atlanta, like at a summer camp that I had gone to. And she was a couple years older and she was moving up to LA right around the time that I had emancipated myself. So she moved into the apartment that my mom And I had shared. And so I emancipated myself. Another big part was my brother's psychosis was really hard.


He was, it'd gotten pretty violent And my mom was kind of torn in a million different directions of the divorce was happening in Tennessee. I was in LA my brother was in LA 'cause he had had been bounced around and struggled and went to India for three years to find himself. And I did every drug in the book and came back just completely different and really did not get along with my dad. They had a huge falling out and he came out to LA and just continued to struggle. So he was homeless at the time. And I had some concerns with like, that sounds bad saying it out loud, but like CPS oh I didn't want, like, it was, it was not a good environment.


And I was in therapy at the time and they were just like, again, You know, this isn't normal. Like the person that lives in the bedroom next to you having, You know, hearing voices and having a psychotic break and knives pulled and chasing through streets and You know, he, when somebody is going through psychosis, they're not the person that You know, and they don't see you as your sister or as their sister or their mother. They treat you differently and they would think of you as a girlfriend, an enemy or whatever, whatever was happening.


Can't control it. And I just felt like I had all of this autonomy And I had so much control in one part of my life. I was like, I have a, a career I guess. 'cause I've been acting And I make money, but I, I'm about to go to college. I was about to turn, it was the summer before I turned 16. I had graduated high school. I had this like worked the, you know, 6:00 AM shift at Trader Joe's every day. Worked six to two and, but I'm basically like this adult. And yet, You know, I couldn't go work on set without my mom. When you're under 18 for good reason, your parents have to be within eyesight and earshot.


And at the time I was working on that TV show Heathers, and they had planned a second season that was gonna be shooting internationally and that was in the middle of all of this. And I was like, how am I gonna get, how am I gonna be able to work and do this when there's a war happening in Tennessee that my mom has to handle when there is a, a different kind of battle here with her other child that she has to manage? And I was just bounced in between it. And I think that there's part of me that hears me saying that and is like, that's so selfish to be like, I'm just gonna remove myself from it. But I had the means to do that.


And I think it made it easier on everyone too of like, there was a weight lifted off of my my mom 'cause there was just so much legality of, again, if anything ever happened with my brother And I, wow. And if I got wrapped into this custody thing when I was like on the cusp of adulthood and was making strides again, was about to start college. And so it was un it was not contested And I didn't go to court and bring my family in and be like, I hate all of you. I'm leaving. It was just like, I even had a conversation with my dad. It was a hard conversation, but I had a conversation with both of them and they were both very in supportive of it. And I was like, I can't be in the middle of this battle.


I've done it for too long and I'm not leaving you. I'm not saying I don't wanna be around you. I'm not saying I don't wanna be in this family, but clearly you have crap that you need to work through. I don't wanna even say it's crap. It was heavy, heavy things in their lives And I just need to be let go. And it was a very, You know, It's not a, it's not something I suggest. I wouldn't go around and say, if you're having a hard time, just go emancipate yourself. Like I was, it was a very unique situation. It's a very heavy thing. My oldest brother, that's when we got really close, had to be brought into it as like an advocate and You know, if everything failed and fell apart And I couldn't make money anymore, I was gonna go, You know, live with him.


Or he was like, I'll come out to California and I'll take care of you. But I just was literally like two coasts, these, these like battles. And both of my parents I think acknowledged when they were confronted with it that it was like we are putting you in the center of things that you, You know, your future at this age when so much is about to open up for you shouldn't be dictated by what's going on here. And it really, in a lot of ways, it didn't change how we navigated our family. Like I was still super close to my mom when they divorce was finalized. She moved back to California, she bought a home, moved back in. My brother would, You know, come in and out depending on when he was in a hospital when he wasn't homeless.


I saw my brother constantly, he's homeless in Pasadena for years. And I would go out and find him. I was telling you last night, he, He loves fine cheeses and so I would go and take him to Whole Foods and with his like shopping cart of things and would buy him the things that he wanted. I would go like literally like find him in the park wherever he was. So it's a, it's a very, like, it's a, it was a nuanced thing. I didn't say screw you, I don't wanna be in this family anymore. I'm never gonna speak to you. It was, I need to be legally released from the liabilities of being in this mess, of being taken from you and put into a system at 15 years old because of things that are going on that I don't wanna say I could have handled.


But that I felt, I mean I'd been going through it for a a while And I could have, You know, I was able to remove myself from the situation in many ways, but through CPS and stuff with my brother and You know, I don't want the liability of your divorce and this being messy and a, a judge dictating where I go and what I do when This is your war and I'm paying for my own life Man. And I'm graduating high school at 15 years old and you're about to tell me that everything that now, You know, my life could be because of my brother or because of a divorce.


So it just, it protected, You know, it removed the, the protections of being a minor that for me ended up, I I think were more of a danger in that, not a danger but that we're, it was gonna make things very difficult. So it was a, I think it was a very important thing but again, I don't re I don't recommend it. It's very severe. I mean do you hear yourself right now? Yes. In it's at 15. It's crazy with everything you've been through, you graduate high school, you emancipate yourself, you have a full-time job at Trader's Trader Joe's and a full-time acting career and you're caring for your schizophrenic brother.


Yeah, I mean for that summer when I emancipated myself, he was homeless, he was refusing to take meds. My mom had kicked him out, You know, before that And I emancipated myself and she went home to deal with the divorce and to divide their assets and help my dad sell the house 'cause he had to move out. And her going back there I think helped make it less contentious. It was really hard when they were apart. So she had to go handle that and kind of close that chapter. And so it was just me and Reed and some days it was funny and go sit with him and his dudes in their shopping cart.


There's a, there's the main street in Pasadena, California, there's a place called Earth Cafe for anybody who lives in LA and then across the street there's a church and then there's like a shopping strip mall, there's an alley and that's where he slept with a couple of other guys, all their shopping carts. And so yeah, I would go bring him like a little gift bag like here's some water. Like I'm not, I haven't given up on you. And sometimes it was funny and just like I was with him and some days he would be, You know, passed out in front of the target me not knowing whether it was an overdose, whether it was heat stroke.


'cause it was, You know, August and Southern California getting calls from people in his homeless community that had little flip phones saying, And I, one of my, my community college was in Pasadena so I just so happened to that was not really intentional but I went to Pasadena City College for a lot of my community college classes that in Santa Monica College. But You know, I would get calls when I was leaving school from his best homeless friend Jason being like, Reid really needs you And I would have to go find him. And yeah, there was one time when he was high on something pretty, I'm pretty sure it was meth and was sitting on top of the rubble of a recently demolished house saying that he was Jesus when nobody could get him down.


And so when you talk about grief again in like talking to people and saying, You know, what advice do you have? Grief isn't just about death. I Grieved my brother David, I grieved the life that I didn't have with him. I grieved his actual existence And I grieved my brother Reed because he's nowhere near the person that I grew up with. I don know if he ever will be like, I was sitting with him last week at visitation hours at his psych hospital And I see it in his eyes and he has this like, he has a twinkle that he's always had and he's very, he's very smoky.


He's always been very mischievous. Everybody loves him. Like even just like sitting in the little like cafeteria and watching nurses and people walk by and they're all like, oh you Reid sister. Like we love Reid but he's, there's a lot of him that's gone. He doesn't speak anymore. Sometime in the last three years he stopped speaking. So when he is outta the hospital and he has his phone, we will communicate through text or he will write something in his notes app and show me in the hospital. He doesn't have his phone, especially in an involuntary hold.


So he has a little notepad. And so we, You know, sat for an hour talking and writing things back and forth. But I've had to I think let go of the hope that he'll be who I knew as a kid. I don't think that's fully gone. There's always part of me that's like, what if if he did psychedelics, if he woke up one day and said I'm gonna make, I'm gonna change my diet, I'm gonna change my lifestyle. And This is the thing that's so infuriating is our medical system basically sets people like my brother up to fail I, and it's this endless cycle where without his meds he's a danger to society.


But with the meds they're debilitating And, And he's so unhappy and they pump him, You know, through it's so dehumanizing. He is like pinned down and injected and they caused, you know, paralysis and tremors and You know, whatever it may be. Some of them were really scary, had cardiac effects with, You know, our history was so scary and nobody ever talks about diet or lifestyle or other options.


He was in an involuntary hold in Idaho hoe for almost three years. I didn't see him for three years. He stopped speaking somewhere in there, which I don't blame him. These places are not, they're not like pretty rehab places. There aren't places like that. There Isn't a place where he can go like live safely in like a nice assisted living rehab. If there is, somebody should let You know. They're like really shitty halfway houses or psych facilities where you can't leave where you have no rights. And so I don't blame 'em for shutting down but you're put on these meds because you can't function without them And you're given the crappiest food.


And I was so angry just like last month that I'm his guardian. By the way, that was another thing we dealt with last year of we had to fight for so many years. My mom did to get information about him. I mean he would be arrested, taken to hospitals. We have no idea where he is. He would be switched from doctor to doctor to doctor. Literally like trying to chase him down to get information, not in like a we need you back but if like how could we help you? We didn't even know where you, where you are. And so we finally were approved guardianship and Reid knows And I think he was happy that it was me but he trusts me a lot, which I'm really grateful for.


But though he was released from this involuntary hold and he was put, he had a halfway house and seemed to be doing better. But You know, I was talking with my mom and it was in Idaho, it was in Boise. He only got to Tennessee recently. It was a whole other situation. He had kind of accidentally got here. I had to think maybe it was a a god thing 'cause my mom And I had been talking it like it'd be really great if he could get close to you. And he just went missing one day and showed up in Tennessee. So worked out. But The point being he was there for three years, he stopped speaking and there were no changes to his diet.


He was fed the worst food, his hospital food. I was in visiting hours last week and we were given like crappy cartons of milk and like Teddy Grahams and all these studies are coming out about, You know, the effects of carb and sh carbs and sugar on the brain of the, and this has been happening for years of, You know, keto diets being instrumental in keeping schizophrenia at bay. And we have people that have literally removed the voices from their brains have been able to now they live totally normal lives, are in relationships or getting married by living a very, very strict lifestyle and diet.


And no doctor has encouraged that and it's such a missed opportunity. It's like he was there for three years and he came out worse Man. And now we're back to square one and it's this awful cycle of, again, of course he's getting worse. Like you go into these places, I've been visiting him for years at various different hospitals. It's awful. It's it's prison. It's maximum security of like in order to go back and visit him, I go through like mazes of hallways and doors and keys and whatever And I have to, I can't even bring him like socks. Like you're not allowed to bring anything in 'cause they could harm themselves. Like he's, it's, I Like again, I, I look at him, I'm like no wonder you stopped speaking but what other option is there?


And we've brought him home. He is lived with me, he's lived with my mom, he's lived on the farm, he's tried everything and it's just a constant cycle of meds, off meds, jail hospital, out meds, off meds. And I don't know if that'll have no idea if that'll change but you kind of have to find peace with the fact that maybe that's just again going back to like This is the reality and I'm, it's not what I hope for him. It's not what I hope for our family. But I've, You know, found peace in that that I want him to know that I'm never not gonna be there.


Like even if it's three years, if you end up in Tennessee in your first week and an involuntary hold, I'll be there. And I think he, he feels a lot of shame 'cause we went through hell together and I've seen a lot of things that I think he never wanted me to see. He's done things to me that I think he's incredibly embarrassed of And we like don't really talk about it but I've tried to let him know as many times as possible without getting into it that it's like I know it's not you, I'm still gonna show up and it's even harder for my mom but with, You know, I don't wanna put words in her mouth but I think that it would be very easy for her to let go easier and just to say you, You know, you are not trying to make any changes in your life.


You are taking advantage of us. You don't wanna use the time when you were on meds and you're doing better to try to change something in your lifestyle to do anything. You would refuse therapy. Like you would only go to therapy if I went with him. That we did that for a while together. But I had to go with him. And I think that, You know, my oldest brother has always advocated more of like let him go if he wants to do a shit ton of drugs, if he wants to go be crazy and not accept help, let him go be crazy. You can't control that. And I think my mom is like, I'm not a parent yet, I don't know what that feels like but she already lost one so she's tried to let go.


She not at a ton of times of like get outta the house. Like if you're gonna act this way, go be homeless 'cause you can't do this under my roof, which you should have done. And I give her so much credit for 10 years later she shows up at a halfway house and he needs a new set of clothes and a new, You know, bedroom. 'cause he has a little room in his halfway house. She goes and gets it. Bam. Brad, how do you stay so strong?


I don't know, I think there's a had a beauty but there's a, it's kind of an advantage to this going on for my whole life basically to where I don't see this as some catastrophe Every time something happens, which seems like a really fucked up thing to say but it's like at this point it's like okay that's life. I'll handle it. I don't have to say it's normal 'cause it's not, my family's not normal.


My relationship, my brother, brother is far from what I would hope or want. But I think I learned really, really early on that life is messy And I think it's hard learning that as a kid. But I also, I wouldn't be me without it. I think I went through hit after hit after hit and they were all very different men just saying, okay, I'm gonna pick up the pieces. I'm gonna keep going. What can I learn from each of these things? When's the last time you offloaded like this? My gosh a while.


Have you ever Yeah. How's it feel? It feels really good. I think I did earlier on in being with Alex of there was so much I had to share and in the back of my mind I was always kind of like, It's Gonna scare you off. But it didn't. I shared a lot of it in therapy again that therapist in LA I credit her to so much I wasn't able to verbalize any of it and so much of it hadn't happened at that point.


But I was not able to even and break down what I felt 'cause it felt just so commonplace for me though it's been in different periods, I don't make a habit of carrying around open wounds and baggage. I don't think that that's the healthiest thing but I think it, you can't go through life suppressing And I think that both Reid and my dad suppressed a ton. And so I think that while I might not offload in this capacity, especially not in a public capacity frequently, This is probably the only time I've ever done it publicly.


I'm not afraid of it in the slide. I would rather it be out there. I would rather be vocalizing it and processing it. And even if I'm not speaking to someone about it, I'm never not thinking about this stuff. It's all very like, you know, in my face, especially with my brother, it was never something that I was able to hide from it. Like in the moment I was able to process it And I think about it constantly. I think about what life will be like in five years. I think about when my parents pass away and if Reid is still here, what is that gonna look like? I think about our family and how if You know, if things haven't changed, how will I care for you?


What do you need? I think about my dad And I think about repairing that and moving forward from that. That I think about trying to, You know, protect my mom and make her life easier. 'cause she spent so much of her life fighting and rebuilding and things being crushed. And so I, these are all things that I consider and by default then I process everything. 'cause I've seen what happens when you run from the things that have hurt you or the things that you can't control in your life. I think my brother, I think a lot of his situation, I never wanna call it like a problem or, but You know, when David died, he was 17 years old, he went to an all boys school.


It's not really in the environment that you are vulnerable and you process grief, especially when it's so public. He refused therapy. You'll tell my mom I cried once, I don't care anymore. I'm over it. And then you get, You know, 10 years down the line and we're sitting together and he is has now struggled with drugs and addiction and alcohol and is hearing voices And he finally says like I, I think about him every single day. They were talking last night. But he kind of looks like Jesus in a lot of ways. Like he like keeps his hair super long and stringy.


He's super skinny, he's really tall, he's like six four and he has a huge beard And I would always be like, read, please shave it. It's so ugly. Was like scraggly call it his like flavor saver. And I was like, oh it looks so disgusting. And there was one point where we were having this conversation how my sweater's getting all over my hands and he was like, I look in the mirror And I see him, he walks through life with this person that he is permanently intertwined with and who is not here anymore. Who he sees every single time he looks in the mirror.


And so I think that, You know, again, I've watched what happens when you don't process things, when you don't put in the work initially to go through the motions and feel, You know, the depths of what pain you need to feel and how you're gonna learn from it and repair and rebuild. I've seen my dad run from his family in his past and replicate mistakes that his father made and refuse to speak about it. And I think that there's a lot, like my mom did that a lot too because she, she had to because she had other kids and she had a husband that was struggling, that was suicidal and so she just kept going And I watched all of that.


I was like, I'm not gonna be that. How did Alex handle this? Your husband Like a champ. His, his mother-in-law who, or my mother-in-law who I adore. I think she was more concerned than he was. She was like, oh the girl's kind of like, she's got a lot of stuff. Love you Des I know you're gonna listen to this. She's gonna be like crying the entire, she cries more than I do. She's saying something. But, but no he's, I it's, it's truly like remarkable. He is completely unfazed and unflappable and not that he doesn't care.


He feels very, very deeply. And I think rather than looking at me and seeing something that was, you know, oh you're, You know, damaged goods, you have all these problems, it was like, I don't wanna put words in his mouth but in the way that I feel, it's like he stepped in and was like, I can create a bubble around you that's safe. And I've never had somebody who is as stable who like can take hits and redirect And I can. But I think I'm, You know, been through a ton, I'm, You know, emotional and in times like This.


Is that, Is he the first stability that you've found in life? I think it's the purest form. My mom was very stable co I mean a constant. But she's your mom, she's gonna be there. I found stability in external factors like school. I threw myself into academics. I had my like high school transcript put on my wall 'cause I was so proud of it 'cause I could control that and that was stable. But I say that it's pure because he doesn't have to be here. He didn't have to choose me and he did.


And he is unwavering And I have some incredible friends who have, You know, have seen me through a lot of these seasons who have been very stable, who have been very gracious and have, You know, I've introduced them to things that are definitely out of their element through my family and have stuck with me. But it's very different when you, You know, fall in love and marry somebody. How's it feel to lean into that? Oh it's incredible. I've never felt safer. I've never felt more feminine or like I'm a very capable person.


Like I've navigated a lot, built a career, You know, independently as a kid. I, I've lived alone, I've traveled like I've done a lot And I met him And I was like, I don't have to carry everything. I don't have to put all the pieces together by myself. How'd you guys meet through Daily Wire? How though? He walked in for his second interview And I think his first one was over the phone And I was the first person that he saw at Daily Wire and apparently I was scowling at him and he walked in and he was like, oof, I don't know who that, I didn't have a show yet. I didn't have anything.


And he was like, that girl is like we're gonna be enemies in his very Alex voice, which You know, know of. Like very sarcastic and funny and in my mind I was like, who is this person? It just like something clicked. I was like that, that's somebody. And then at the time I didn't have an, I was like in a cubicle and then they put his cubicle directly in the row behind me and this man has the like most explosive boisterous laugh and there's like a pause when he's like telling a joke and then it just, it like, I mean you can hear it if he was downstairs right now and have all this soundproofing you could hear echoing through the halls and it is like the most captivating in endearing thing.


And I would just hear him all right, he would be right behind me And I would just find myself turning around like who is this person? And he kind of reminds me of my brother in a little way. Like he has this like twinkle in his eye and he's really spunky and he's really, really smart and he's interested in a million different things. And again I could just like no matter where he was in this huge office I could hear, I was like that's Alex And he is laughing. So then I was trying to look him up 'cause I'm a girl And I was like I'm stuck this guy who is this. And I was been told like, don't shit where you eat, don't like whatever, but I something about it I was like who is this? And I could only find him on LinkedIn And I didn't have like a, I think I'd like forgotten my password.


I couldn't look And I could only see like part of his profile And I like scrolled all the way down And I saw Chatanooga Tennessee at my brother's high school and he went to high school with him and it was like whew. And then I would see him going and getting water if he drinks more water than any person I've ever met in my entire life. Which I were very different 'cause I like dehydrate myself on a daily basis and so I would go like position myself by the water cooler and there was one day where he was walking through and he was getting water so I don't remember what comment I made but I sparked up a conversation.


I was like I desperately have to like how do I bring up trying to do like how do do I and somehow it came up And I was like oh you're from Chattanooga. Like I wasn't gonna say I was like stalking you on LinkedIn and then I think I ended up like talking with him in the break room for like two hours that day. I don't even know what I was supposed to be doing. I dunno what he was supposed to be doing but I was just like, I think that's my person. He felt the same way and he like Right off the bat It was just like there was something and he's always said he felt really similar and wavered back and forth 'cause he was always like, I'm never going to take somebody that I work with. That's crazy. And he had a conversation with his mom and she was like Oh don't do it. What if he break up with her? What if it's awful? Like she just started the show and he was like, if I ask her and she says yes we're not breaking up.


Like that's it. Like I think that's, I think she's it. And asked me out in the parking lot, I was like shit my pants. I was like oh my god. And then I went on one date and it was like shut down the restaurant, You know to Lockland table and eat Nashville And I mean it was like they had been closed for like an hour. I had no idea. He's great. Yeah it was just, I was like instantaneous And I went home for Christmas that year And I went into my brother's yearbooks that have been in my mom's desk for 15 years and his picture was right there And I would sit in her office 'cause I wanted to see my brothers and all their friends.


I would flip through like while she was working I'd flip through the yearbooks, they're called the Facebooks. I would see all the pictures of the boys And I would find my brothers. I had no idea that he was in there. Did he know him? I knew his little sister. We had had play dates and, 'cause he's a few years older than me and we always lived like five miles away from each other and had no idea. It was really good friends with his other younger, his younger brother's best friend and our moms had mutual really good friends and never crossed paths. Did he know your brothers? He knew of David. I think David has a, a memorial statue at McCauley in, I think David died the year he was an incoming freshman.


But it rocked the school obviously in a big way. And we had that statue put in. It's this big flame, it's like the eternal flame that's still there and at the school. So he knew that but he didn't know them personally. They were three years older than him. How long did you guys date before he got married? A year and a half. How'd he propose? He, I was in Budapest filming pen dragon for daily Wire and we had been out there, he had planned on coming with me and he was training for a triathlon and he tore his ACL and his MCL and had to get surgery like the week that I was leaving.


And so he couldn't get on a plane. He had all this recovery, he was like locked up and all this stuff. So in his mind he had just bought a ring and he was like, how the hell am I gonna propose? I can't even like bend my knee. I like what am I gonna do? I can barely walk. And so unfortunately, but also fortunately I was in Budapest alone for like eight weeks I think. And I think that was a really good test in a lot of ways 'cause we were an ocean apart an entire time zone apart. And it kind of reminded me, I was like, oh yeah, I can, I can survive alone. Like I'm not with a person but I want him. And I was a good reminder 'cause I was like, I don't, I don't need you at every moment of every day even though we spend so much time together.


But I want you here, I want you in every aspect of my life. Which was, I already knew that I wanted to marry him but that was just kind of a nice, I don know confirmation. And then he flew out and he spent like two months in Budapest and then went home for, he had a client that needed to be, he needed to be in person. Yeah, he flew out and proposed like the second day that he got there and he proposed at Fisherman's Bastion in Budapest, which is like the right outside of the Buddha castle. I had an inkling but I had no idea.


I was sweating profusely. He was so nervous. He made me walk from my apartment all the way across Budapest over this huge walking bridge 'cause he thought it would be so romantic to walk like sunset. And we had to hike all the way up to the fashion. And I was like, and then we got up there And I was like, oh what's happening? 'cause I saw on his Apple watch something popped up and the photographer was like, I'm, I'm at the spot. I was like, oh god. So then I started having like heart palpitations because I was sweating. I was like hiking up these like stairs. I was like, what I'm getting proposed to, I'm dripping in sweat. I had to like take off my jacket and he was like trying to get me to like go where the sunset was. Where he had like picked out the spot And I was like, I have to get water. I have to get water. And then there were so many people there and apparently he had gone the night before and it was empty and he had like walked around with all the, and he had talked to like the concierge at the nicest hotels Budapest and was like, if you're gonna propose, where do you propose Budapest?


And while I was on set the day before, he had like scoped out all these locations and apparently at sunset the night before, nobody was there. Everybody was there that night, everybody. And I am like, yeah, it goes back to the scene of like I'm on camera 24 7 but I'm 24 7 but I don't like attention in my like normal life. And so I was like, oh my god, does he not know me well enough to know that I don't wanna be proposed to in front of whatever. So I get my water and I'm like stressing, oh my god it's happening. We come around this corner, we're walking down these stairs and there's a violinist. I'm like, oh fucking hell. I was like, oh there's a file, there's a show. What's going on? I don't not want the romantic gestures. And it wasn't for me, it was just this violinist was just there like busking and there was like, I don't dunno, this sounds so bad or racist or whatever.


But there were like four Asian tour groups that were there that night and they all had selfie sticks and they were all there And I was like so overwhelmed And I, I looked over at him and he was like also so strong and thankfully where this moment where he had picked out, it was like, it kind of ended up being out of the way. But I was walking down And I was like, please God don't have this person serenade me like in front of all these people. We just walked past the violence. So it then it ended up like we got to this point but I had like amped up over this like 45 minute endeavor of getting here. Like oh my god, oh my god. Oh my god. And then it was totally normal. It was just like in a really sweet spot and you could see the whole bastion, you could see the entire city. Yeah, he proposed there and then we spent the next eight weeks in going between Budapest and Italy where we were filming the show.


It was great. And then we got home end of December. It was like day before Christmas I got home from Budapest and then started planning our wedding in January and got married March 30th. So three months. Where'd you guys get married? The venue at Birchwood. My best friend owns it. So it was down in Franklin. We're all passed here. Franklin like Columbia, wherever it is. But yeah, it's pretty cool. One year next week. Congratulations. Thanks. It's been awesome. Sounds like it. Yeah. I've seen so many people. I don't know your experience with this, but I always say like the first year is the hardest and it was hard but not because of him.


It was hard just 'cause we had things going on. I had work things. He left the corporate world and started a whole new business. We took a huge risk and bought this farm that definitely couldn't afford at the moment but we were like, we desperately want this. So we just like, were planning a wedding and doing that. We were like basically like flat broke after we got married because we had just bought this, You know, all this land and put a wedding together and he was starting a business and then I had a huge work transition And I had family things and it was, there was just a lot of things we had to go through and deal and build and he was the easiest part.


Did your family go to the wedding? Yeah, Reed wasn't able to be there, which really sucked. But Did your family like him? They Love him. My dad loves him. My brother Chase loves him. My mom loves him. They sometimes talk more than I do. They're on the phone at like midnight talking about chickens and what kind of eggs the chickens are laying and all that kind of stuff. They love, I'm terrified of birds and they love the birds. But yeah, they get along really well. I'm happy for you Brett. Thank you. It's been really, Seems like an amazing guy. Yeah, He's great with The little I know, You know what I mean? From last night and and going up to your place. But really happy person.


Yeah, I can see it. He's very joyful. You picked good. I know. I'm proud of myself. Should be. I broke a cycle. You should Be. Yeah. But let's take another quick break. Yeah, sounds good.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show and their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance Elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Sean Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright. All right Brett and Cookie. Cookie. Cookie was born when? Eight weeks ago. Eight weeks ago. Yeah, we got her last night. So she had to make an appearance. There she is. And all our glory. Cute as hell. Alex wanted me to not say that we had gotten a puppy last night when you gave me the gummy bears.


Be like, actually I brought you, your wife really wanted a dog. She does man. She's got puppy fever. She should be in here to beat cookie. Oh Yeah. But so let's move back into acting. So we got, we've Rerouted about 10 times. Yeah, we, we, we went down some rabbit holes and it's been amazing. But so you started, where, where did you start kind of getting into getting into political commentary? You worked for, you were at PR U for a little bit, right? Yes. So it was 2020 I was at at UCLA and, And I lost basically all my friends due to politics.


I think it's a very common story that a lot of people have. Well I know Cookie, I've been through especially young people and in 2020 where I didn't really say anything that was, is this not gonna work? Cookie, you don't wanna hear about me being canceled. I think she might distract. I'm gonna get Alex, Alex come up and getter. I don't think you like this So cookie's not, she's a little cam. He's a little camera shy. No, she, she Misgender my dog. My bad. I know. I'm sorry. No, she's camera shy.


It's funny. Our other St. Bernard, I brought her and did a livestream with her right after we got her And I was still doing comment section. She fell asleep on the desk and was just like, oh, she's a lot more chill. No, I, there was so much political unrest obviously through Covid and we had, were getting into the midterms just past the midterms and George Floyd and BLM And I never intended to make a political statement. I just kind of realized that things were, there wasn't as much love and tolerance as I thought there was.


And I knew that most of my friends thought differently than I did. I was in a very liberal industry. I was still acting when I was at UCLA And I knew, You know, people would walk around with their, I'm with her pins. I had really good friends, You know, during 2016 election that literally had like I'm with her painted on their nails and all this stuff. So I knew that I had different opinions but I just never brought it up. I didn't think that it was for a workplace. I was also very young. I didn't vote in the 2016 election and it was still kind of, I knew what my values were, what my principles were, but I didn't really understand how that translated to politics and current events. And I kind of had to learn that. And it came to a head in 2020 and yeah, I, I literally did nothing other than saying I'm not a registered democrat And I not, that's what you said.


Yeah. And I'm not voting for Bernie or Biden in the midterms and there was already some unrest because one of my best friends at the time, my big and my sorority actually, she was voting for Biden because Bernie was too extreme for her. She even got flack like, how could you do that? He's like some establishment politician, he's a shill, all of this stuff. So she got a ton of hate. And then I come in here and it's like, yeah, I'm not good for either of them. And things started to change then and it wasn't like a you're canceled, we hate you. But it was a lot of vitriol, a lot of questioning.


I had communist manifestos chucked at my head And I walked into a party, literally had one, Hey Brett, like fucking read this. Literally thrown at me when I walked into a party, people knew that, you know, I had family from the south, my dad's whole family like going back in our lineage. Like I could be like a daughters of the revolution. I have a, you know, direct line back to a revolutionary soldier. Deep, deep roots in the south in North Carolina. And my grandmother was raised on a tobacco farm, very poor. And we were just talking about family and history and they heard that and they were like, so you own slaves. And so then like drunkenly at parties they would say, yeah Brett's like they're a racist friend from Tennessee, her family owned slaves.


Just things like that. Are You serious? Yes. And it got more and more heated And I was supposed to live with this whole group of friends going into my senior year. And This all came just because you said you weren't gonna vote for buddy nor Bernie. Yeah, that's It. There was no mention of anything else. No, I think they understood it. And then we had a conversation later And I was like, I mean I'll at the time I wasn't like gung ho for Trump but I wasn't anti him. I was just like, yeah, I'll vote for Trump. He's our president now. I think he's doing a good job. He's the Republican but he says makes sense. I was never thrown off by any of the media hit pieces or things that he said. I was just like, hey, he is just like an abrasive guy, he's an entertainer.


It was like totally normal. I was like, okay. And my mom was very, And I was You know, living at home, going to school. So he would talk about politics a lot and she was never his biggest fan but voted for him and really respected the fact that he was a businessman. And that made total sense. My brain was like, yeah, why would I not want somebody who has run businesses and built empires to run our country That makes total sense. Like I, it's him or these people that have been in government for 50 years and have done Jack shit. Like it just made like was so clear in my head, didn't even think of it being majorly controversial. Especially when I knew that my friends And I had differences and we had never, like I respected them, I accepted that we had different, it was just so, I just hadn't been faced with that yet.


And then suddenly it all flipped and then after Covid, you know, everybody had gone home and we were in these group chats. We'd be on Zoom together, we'd hang out, You know, in that weird twilight zone of people playing like games over Zoom and have hangouts and whatever it was be in all these group chats and they would, You know, say things like, You know, we're road tripping to the beach. And it was like June of 2020, his friends like getting out of their homes in Chicago and going to South Carolina so they could go to the beach while simultaneously shitting on Republicans being like, yeah we just saw like a idiot with a Trump flag on out of his car. My dad said that if we had hit him he wouldn't have given a shit like that kind of stuff. And I'm like in the group chat and you're saying that to me like I hope we just run over all these Trump supporters knowing that I was in there And I was still just like, oh it's fine.


Like It was like an indirect shot. Yeah. At you. And I went along with it. I was like, oh that's okay. Like they still love me, we're still friends, I'm still in the group chat, we're still gonna live together. And my brother Chase, You know, I wasn't really listening to my mom and she called him And I was like, I think you need to talk to Brett. This is weird. And he called me and he was like, You know those aren't friends. You were about to go live in like a tiny two bedroom Westwood Westwood apartment with these four people and they can't even respect you for having a different opinion when you've spent the last two and a half years not bringing anything up. Not not starting fights, loving them, caring for them, being supportive. That's not what friendship's about.


And that's kinda when it clicked. And so I told 'em, I, You know, it had really reached ahead where it was like we were, it had gotten less indirect And I had a conversation with like each of them individually And I was like, we're going into this election, I can, I trust that we're all gonna be friends after this. And it was like, oh I don, I like, oh it was just very, very intense. Maybe you should live this after all. And I was like, maybe I shouldn't. And that was around the time when we got, You know, my sorority basically like turned fricking upside down during BLM and girls were getting called out and kicked outta the sorority 'cause they racially profiled people because there was a guy who, You know UCL is very public campus, it's not closed off, it's in the city.


Sorority row is just in a Westwood neighborhood so anybody can walk up. And there was a couple of guys that were coming in and breaking into the sorority houses and trying to attack young women. One of 'em was black and they were trying to find this guy. And so one of the girls had seen a man who was an exact description wearing the exact hoodie walking sisterly around campus and wrote in our group chat, I think I saw him, I'm gonna send it to the police. And it was a black guy and she got absolutely tarred and feathered for racially profiling. Wow. Like publicly in this group chat of like, I don't remember her name, Becca, whatever it was of like you, This is so disgraceful, you really need to check your privileges. She was like called in front of the board.


I was watching all this transpire like, have we lost our ever-loving minds? There's a man who's breaking into sorority houses and This is, that had been going on for months at this point and the campus was like sort of shutting out. But some people still lived on campus. It was like a ghost town and like these houses were being broken into and this girl was absolutely like destroyed in front of everybody. And then there was all this stuff of like, well we as like the Panhellenic council and You know CAPA Delta has, we have to make a BLM statement. I was like, we're a fucking UCLA sorority. And then Kappa Delta, like the head chapter made a statement that wasn't good enough and then that was super messy.


And Amy Coney Barrett was a CAPA delta. And so right after all the BLM stuff, when she was nominated Kappa Delta, the head, you know, chapter made a, a statement as they should have saying This is now our most, You know, successful alum. She's, You know, going to the Supreme Court and they had to apologize for celebrating because she was anti women's rights. It was a mess. And then the thing that I was just like, I'm done with all of this. I had just said, okay, no I'm not gonna live in this apartment. But I was like, maybe I'll stick it out in the sorority like the last year. Why not? Maybe there's, because I kept thinking if campus reopened, it was nice to have like a place to go and study and activities to go do.


And I was like, I might as well already paid. And they sent out the house manager mom person sent out a letter talking about the election, telling us all that she hoped we vote correct, we voted correctly and we voted for women's rights. And that we didn't forget that said there was a man in office that was gonna take all of that away from us. And that she, You know, being older than us knew all of this was wiser and that she hoped that we showed up and voted correctly. I was like, I can't fricking deal with this. I mean it's just like, yeah. So then I, that was at the end of 2020 like going into the fall semester. So I basically just disconnected from everything, which honestly was like the greatest gift I could have been given.


'cause I think it wasn't a bad thing. But I'd gotten really engaged in UCLA life over that year and a half. 'cause I had gone to community college and then I transferred into UCLA as a junior man, had joined the sorority, had gone to the football games, had gone to the parties, had met people, was gonna live on campus, all of that. And Covid just pulled me out of it and recalibrated me in a lot of ways where I had to become very intentional about my values and my principles and the people that I was surrounding myself with. I became super lonely 'cause the world was shut down and my family was one of the only ones that was like, yeah sure, let's go to Yosemite and my brother's gonna like fly across the country and come vacation with us. I'm gonna go outside and not wear a mask. I was still working at Trader Joe's so I was with people 24 7 And I didn't get sick.


I was fine. I was like, what's happening? Like the world moves on. I was able to focus on where I wanted my career to go. 'cause I was at that point where I was looking at the, You know, the Hollywood industry And I had already kind of at that moment thought that maybe acting wasn't for me. Not that I didn't love it, but I hated the, the way that the industry operates was like, I looked around at the people who I considered mentors who were older than me in the industry. And I did not like the lives that they were leading. Why? What about it? They had no control. Control over What? Like their own personal lives. I mean it was like a good friend of mine was on a, probably one of the most famous TV shows of the last 20 years was a lead role.


Had to live out of state for months at a time. Husband stayed at home and raised the kids, barely saw them. Kids went off to boarding school. She was not engaged. You know, friends of mine who were in their thirties who I would be on TV shows with. They would, You know, we'd work together. They'd go on and they'd, You know, be a series regular on a Netflix show and they'd be 30 something living in a town home with four other adults. Wow. 'cause they couldn't afford their own home. Wow. People who didn't see their kids. And the thing is, even at a young age, I did not like the fact that every part of my being was just a tool for you to use. Like you have an audition at 2:00 PM today.


You have to be there at this time. Turn your entire life upside down if you book it, you're flying to Vancouver tomorrow for four months. And it was hard as a a kid too 'cause you were, I loved it so much. But you would've friends book a job and it would be one of your best friends. And they'd literally moved to Vancouver for however many months or years 'cause they were shooting a show. Or to go to Arizona or Texas, wherever people are. 'cause so few things actually film in LA these days and go abroad. And I thought about what I really wanted in life And I wanted to be a mom. I wanted to get married, I wanted to have a family.


And I really wanted, and this probably is, you know, now in knowing what You know about my family and talking about this where I had a lack of control, I don't think I was the right person to just hand that over where it's like you tell me where to be at any point. Like it could just be for an audition in Santa Monica at 5:00 PM that's really annoying to get to. Or it's, I'm moving abroad for however many months I'm gonna be away from my whole community, family, whatever it is. But also you tell me, You know, dye your hair, you are not skinny enough. You are not fat enough. You need to, You know, you're just a shell for somebody.


Which is a really beautiful part of acting. And it's one of the reasons why I fell in love with it. But it got to a point where it, when it, when I started thinking about it instead of a hobby and an escape And I thought about it as a career, I was like, I don't, I don't think this works for me. And I didn't like the fact, I didn't have control over the projects that I did. 'cause I was in no position. It was a working actor, but I was in no position to like pick and choose my projects obviously. I just did. I went where the work was. I didn't like that. I hated the characters in almost every script I was sent. I just like, they were bad people. Like the stories that I was, You know, being put in to tell.


I would go and audition for these roles and be like, what is, like, what is society getting from these stories? They're so awful. Like all these character, they're, they're bad people. I'm putting like filth into the world. So that was really hard. I felt just like such a values disconnect. I felt trapped. And so then I thought, okay, maybe I'll go work in production. I could change things. I could go be a producer. I could go tell stories. Then I worked at, it was kind of like my dream job, honestly at the time, worked at this production company that I massively respected the work that they were doing. It was very story first and character first. It was like big budget independent films. Like they weren't going through any huge studios and was working for them in 2020.


'cause I had already kind of been thinking through all of this while I was in college that, You know, I answered myself at 15. We've already kind of like gone through that. So I was making my own money paying for my life. It now it be had become a job. And so I had a couple of years to think about that And I was working at this production company in 2020 happened, George Floyd happened and my job changed from receiving scripts and passing them onto the producer on the basis of, or the production team on the basis of it being really good characters and good people that would leave an audience changed. And a story that was worth telling because it, the whole idea of this production company and what I was supposed to seek out was that at the end of the film you were better in some way.


It's not hitting over the head with a Bible. It's not like This is a feel good whatever it was just at the end of it, something's been sparked in you and there's good people in it who are complex, who are broken, who you see heal. You're pumping good into The world. Yeah. And it changed from that to, we have way too many white stories. I need you to find me a Native American story right now. We don't have any trans stories. We're gonna be attacked. Go find that. So it became identity first. I was like, oh God. Like so I can't even, you know, I'm an entry level person. I can't even change it from here. So I felt very lost there. And so I did finish up my time at UCLA.


Again, I'm very, you know, find the good in everything. Find, you know the lesson that you're gonna learn in this experience. What good thing can you take from it? The good thing that Covid gave me was that it removed me from all those environments. It took acting away. It took production. Like the whole industry basically shut down UCLA, shut down my social life sorority. Everything went away And I just dove into studying what I believed in and trying to build something for myself. So I did a, a business program at uc, Berkeley's Grad School for Business, high School of Business, which is where you as an undergrad could go and basically get a, a condensed like MBA.


And so I did that, which I would've never had the time to do, but I was able to do it 'cause it was remote. I did what every, You know, English major who's confused about her future would do. And I studied for the LSAT And I took the lsat. I was like, I'll go to law school. And at that time I was super engaged in politics. I was like, I'll go be a two a lawyer, I'll go into constitutional law. I've been shooting for years with my brother. I felt like the world was under attack. Like had no idea what was happening. My mom, You know, was a prepper, had become a prepper. And I was like, I'll go into two A law. And then I was like, well hell, what am I doing? Like I shouldn't be a liar. I hate, like I don't wanna go read contracts for all the rest of my life. And I had talked with some constitutional liar and they were like, there's too many lawyers right now 'cause there's too many grad schools. 'cause it's, there's a financial incentive for universities to create grad programs 'cause the government gives UN or the government gives subsidized limitless loans for grad school.


So they, that's why grad programs for lesbian dance theory, that's a joke we all make Exists. Interesting. I didn't know that. Because You don't have to have the financial incentive to be able to make money after or have a job afterwards. You have limitless loans. So every university and their mother created a law school and you can see in like times of recession lawyers spike. 'cause people can't get jobs. They just go back to grad school, they get a student loan. It's happening right now. Interesting. And so I talked to some lawyers and a mentor of mine who worked at the Foundation for Economic Education And I kind of missed a chapter but I'll go back. But I was writing for the Foundation of Economic Education.


She knew that I was gonna go to law school. Her name's Hannah Cox, people have probably seen her on Twitter. And she kinda, she gave me an assignment and she said, I want you to, I told her about this conversation that I'd had with these constitutional liars who were like, I don't think This is, this isn't what it's cracked up to be. And I think that your skills are better used elsewhere. Like if you wanna do advocacy, you can do everything that we're doing except signing the briefs. Do you need to go put your life and career on hold when you're already engaged with, You know, in that year when everything shut down. And I had no friends that I found community at PR U And I was like, I'm an actor. I can do things on camera. I can help produce things. You want me to make social media videos for you so I have nothing to lose at this point. I'll go be an outward, You know, conservative. So I started making videos that way and made videos for young Americans for Liberty and got hired there And I was obviously an English major.


What Age were you when you get jumped into Prairie? U 18. 18. Yeah. And you found them? I reached out, they brought me into their office and had a whole tour. Yeah, they're head of PR now. Her name is Sabrina. She was running Prager force, which was their student program, which is still I think an incredible program. She knew that I was in LA And I had joined Prager Force to just try to like meet people and they would do monthly, like Zoom calls for like all the lonely, You know, teenage conservatives around the country. And she was like, oh you're in la you should come into the office. And I really like all of this.


I give a ton of credit to her 'cause she brought me in and she said, I think that you could have a real voice. Like could we, what can we offer you? Would you like to do videos for us? Can we give you resources like here we can all You know love to be friends with you. Like she gave me a community and she really helped put me in the right direction and said I think you could do something here. I had never even thought about it. I was like, commentary, like, what do you mean? And so everything spiraled from there and started working at, You know, doing videos for young Americans for Liberty and got a job there and got a fellowship. I was a Haslet fellow at the Foundation for Economic Education and was writing for them. 'cause I had a writing background through school had gone to like, you know, the TPSA events just became engaged purely out of a utilitarian, You know, standpoint of I just, I needed community And I felt so lonely.


I never thought like I'm gonna go be a right winging influencer. This is gonna be like, I'm going to go do commentary. I just wanted people And I thought I had, You know, a unique skillset that it was kind of missing on the young, right? Like there were no younger voices Will Whit at PR was the only one. And so she started making videos here and there and grew an Instagram page from zero to like 7,000. But yeah, I was still thinking I'll go to law school and I'll just go do constitutional law. Like that's how I'll make a difference. And Hannah Cox at Fee said, she gave me a writing assignment. She said, I want you to go, she tell me why there are so many lawyers. Like okay and, and then tell me the economic ramifications of that and how the government has screwed with the free market in that regard.


That a great assignment. Wow. And I did that And I was like, holy shit, I can't go to law school. Did you hear, did you ever hear from your, your old sorority friends? Well I, not my friends, but I've heard from girls who were in my sorority at the same time who knew me, who like three years later were like, you probably don't remember me. But we were in capital, we were in the same pledge class. We were like, You know, pledge class after me And I wish I had known you at school 'cause it was so alienating. We just, I mean we couldn't find each other. Damn. Yeah, I don't really have, so I have a couple of friends from UCLA but they weren't from my time there. Yeah, Gotcha.


Yeah. But that's how it all kind of started. So I withdrew from law school my, the day of my orientation, I was like, This is not for me. It was after that writing assignment. After all those conversations, I was like, I'm not gonna do this. I was living in Idaho with my mom 'cause I had she after the divorce and when Covid happened she was like, This is the sign I need to get out. You know, you don't need me anymore. I had applied for, You know, law school at UCLA at Pepperdine Loyola Marymount. And then she had said that she wanted to go to Idaho. So I was like, I'll apply for University of Idaho, why not? And they had a dual JD MBA program, which I was really interested in. So rather than three years, it would be four years I'd get an MBA and a jd.


So I got into that and she bought this farm site unseen in Idaho. Instead of getting the hell out of California, I don't wanna be, You know, carted for a vaccine. I don't wanna wear a mask. So left, my brother left. We, it was my brother Reed, he was doing really well at the time. And we all moved to Idaho and Reid And I got a little duplex And I quit Trader Joe's in LA And I came to Idaho And I was writing for fee and doing all these like conservative non-profit stuff. I was working as a waitress at a steakhouse in Boise, which was such a fun job. People like crap on serving. I had a hell of a time serving. I loved that. And yeah, I, so I withdrew.


I had this whole plan ahead of me. I was like, I'll go to University of Idaho 'cause I didn't wanna be in California either. And my whole family's here now. And I withdrew and my mom looked at me and she said, you have to figure out what you're gonna do with your life. Like you can't just, are you just gonna live in Idaho and be, You know, a waitress? Like you need to come up with a plan. And so I got a permanent role at Young Americans for Liberty being their marketing strategist. And I did social media for them. I did copywriting for their development team, which in the nonprofit sphere is, You know, sending out emails for development is fundraising. So brand campaigns for them. And I had like a big girl salary, which at the time I thought was like, I'm making a lot of money.


It's like more than my, you know, minimum wage or Trader Joe's. And although Trader Joe's actually pays very well, we're a great company. If you need a job, it's the best place to work. Oh, hands down. But I'll keep that in mind. I know, yeah. If everything goes to hell, we'll both be back there. I'll be in the box stocking the milk again. That was my favorite job. And yeah. And so I kept doing that and then randomly got a, a DM from Daily Wire who said we were looking to start a show with the young person. We love your social media and what you're doing. And so I took some meetings with them, they sent me some videos to react to just to like hear me on camera.


And I told you this at dinner last night, but I haven't shared this publicly. My brother's most recent, well now it's second to most recent Psychotic break happened the week that I was offered the job with Daily Wire. It's like December of 21. And I was really weighing a lot of things And I was petrified to take this job. 'cause as I've kind of, You know, set the scene for you, my mom And I were super intertwined. There was a lot of weight to carry. I felt like we were, things were good for the first time. Like she was happy she bought this farm that she's always, she had always wanted to have a farm forever.


My dad never wanted, her first husband ever wanted her to have a farm. And I was happy, You know, I was living with Reid. Reid was doing great. He was even talking about going back to school and it just felt like things were humming. And I had a, I had a job where I was, I felt like I was making a difference And I thought I'll just meet like a nice guy in Idaho and I'll live near my mom and we, I'll buy a farm soon. And You know, I had horses at her property and it was all normal. And I was like, I can't leave this. And she'd had a pretty hard conversation with her where she basically grabbed me by the neck. 'cause I would, didn't even, like I was petrified to even take the call with Daily Wire and send in a tape. 'cause I was like, I just like, I was so outta the game. I hadn't auditioned in so long 'cause I hadn't been acting in a couple of years And I felt like that was behind me.


And it's such a testament, I think to like risk taking and betting on yourself is habitual. I don't think that's something that is ingrained in most people. It's certainly not in me. It's like a practice that I, like every couple of years. I gotta, I just did it a couple months ago. You have to take a leap and shake something up and challenge yourself if something isn't right. You just, you have to do it. And I was definitely at a, a stall in my life. I didn't, I just, You know, I was a waitress. I was withdrawing from law school, I was working this marketing job but You know, it was remote so I was working as way whatever it was. But I was comfortable and with acting, the beautiful thing about it is that you get told no 90% of the time from a really young age.


I had learned how to get rejected. I didn't care. I was like at, You know, 12 years old, I would go in and you bear your soul to somebody and you're performing, you're singing whatever it is. And they go, okay, thank you. And you walk out the door and you, 90% of the time you never hear anything from 'em. So if you're somebody who likes like gratification and that kind of thing, to be an actor that's not some kind of celebrity, it's really hard. Like it does that just doesn't work that way. Because most of the time they don't give a shit about you. Like they, you don't hear anything from anybody. They don't say who's really great, we're going in a different direction. You maybe hear that 1% of the time. You just go in and you do it. So that was like such a crucial part of my growing up And I hadn't done that in two years. So this felt like a huge risk. I was getting, you know, having not like sort of audition for this and sent in a tape.


They, because obviously they're gonna have a show with you, they wanna see like what are this girl's values beyond, You know, social media? What can she do in a longer format? 'cause I've basically only done tiktoks and that kind of thing. And I ba I got up to the deadline And I was like, not gonna send in a video. And I went over to house And I was like bitching and moaning about it and saying, I don don't think I'm gonna do it. I just wanna stay here. I'm gonna be in Idaho. And she grabbed me by the neck and she said, I don't care. My mom rarely swears, Tracy basically said like, I don't give a fuck if you decide not to take this job or do whatever, but if you stand in front of me and say you're not even gonna try, then I'm incredibly disappointed in you. And hearing her saying she was, I was like, okay.


Because that's like she is the person. Like I wanna please her the most. We've been through everything together. I respect her so much. I was like, if she's sang that and she was like, you're then you're not the person that I know that I raise you to be. Wow. Who took every risk? Who put yourself out there constantly that went on stage and was an animal that tried everything that would go in that has, you know, for the last, You know, it was eight years at that point. 10 years really? Yeah. I was 18 so it was 10 years, a decade of auditioning and being on stage and You know, being, You know, rejected and getting up and trying again. Even if you never got a role and you're gonna stand in front of Nancy, you're not even gonna try. And I was like, you were right. So I went home And I recorded it And I got the job and then I had to decide whether, and then she was like, if you don't wanna take it, you don't wanna take it.


That's a once in a lifetime. Like they weren't gonna come back and ask me in a year. Like, you want someone to do a show? They would've found somebody else like on social media to do a show with. And the part that I had talked to you about last night is that I was trying to decide whether I wanted to uproot my life and do this and leave and start this whole new thing. And I could tell in my brother's eyes that something was not hap like not right. He was on his meds, he wasn't taking drugs. Voice is a very clean city. Idaho's very buttoned up. We lived in a very, like in the outskirts, he had no access to anything and he just started to crack and just the drugs just weren't working anymore. And you can always tell when he's kind of, when you hear, when he's hearing the voices, because when you're having a conversation with him, if you've had a conversation with anybody that has schizophrenia, they're talking to you.


But they're also talking with the voices that they hear and they're telling them how to respond to them. So our conversations really slowed down. He started to get more unstable and it was like two days before I had to make my decision about whether I was gonna leave and do this, take this job. And he asked me to come downstairs And I walked down to his apartment, which was under my house or our house. I had a little apartment upstairs, he had one downstairs. And he looked at me and he gave me this purple crystal that I still have and he put it in my hand and he said, you need to go to Nashville, it's your destiny. I was like, read, what do you, what do you mean? And he was like, you have to promise me that you're gonna go.


You have to go. I was like, for this job, he was like, you ju you must move, you must be there. And he was like, they're telling me that you have to go. And in my mind I was like, okay, your voices have told you like some crazy things. Like we have spent the last 10 years like I don't even know. I don't wanna know if I wanna trust these voices. And he was like, I'm telling you, This is your destiny. You must go. And I was like, okay, well whatever. And I woke up the next morning and he was gone and he had a full psychotic break and the police found him. It was in December out on a bench in the cold, completely in a full psychotic state. And that was the last sort of coherent conversation we had was him telling me to go.


And I take, I take that stuff seriously. Like yeah. But I knew that I probably should go And I knew that it was a great opportunity and it was risky, it was scary, it was gonna be alone. But I also knew that I was gonna be working with a lot of people in this world that I respected. I mean I'd been listening to, You know, Matt Walsh and Michael and Candace and Ben. You'd heard 'em all before. Yeah, I, yeah, in the last couple of years I'd listen, You know, was a big deal. Yeah, huge deal. And I knew more than anything that what I would get from it, even if things didn't work out, even if a show didn't tick off, even if they never, You know, if we never developed a show, if it never got greenlit, whatever it was that I had the opportunity to work with people who were better than me at what I was doing, who were principled, who were great at what they did.


And even not in like this weird industry, but who just seemed like good people. And I got there and those individuals, like, I'll always say this, but You know, you hear Matt Walsh online, that's who he is in real life. Like Michael Knowles. He walks the walk like I had to, it was like crazy, You know Jordan Peterson, I'm doing my show and he was like, I wanna meet the internet girl. And he is like walking in and wants me And I, but I get to have these like should you do the tiktoks? Right, the YouTubes, The tiktoks and the YouTube. Yeah, exactly. And so in my, in my mind, like I knew that it was a huge deal but I was petrified and again I was comfortable And I said, okay, screw it.


I'm gonna go do it. They brought you on to do a show and so walking in there for the first time, I mean how, how often was it that you were listening to them? I mean was it pretty frequently? Yeah. You were listening to 'em all, all the time. Yeah. And so you walk in and there's, I mean Ben at like 15 years old when I was, we had that conversation about abortion. When I learned that my dad wanted to abort me, like when I was looking up, You know, information, it was his debates that came up. Wow. It was like, you know, him at college campuses, you know, my love listening to Michael, Michael made me think about God in a way that I hadn't in a really long time and just kind of shut off from that.


Especially living in LA that's the most secular yeah. Place you can be, especially in Hollywood. So these were people that meant something to me and You know, still do, became very good friends and mentors and we'll always be grateful for that. And Were they all there when you walked in the door? No, Jordan wasn't there yet. And it took me a while to meet them because You know, I was in development for the show. So like I was brought on to do the show, but I was like social media content creator. And then we took a few months to do the show. So when the show launched, that's when I really got to know them because then they were like, oh you're legit, you're, they gave you a show, How was it made? And Candace for the first time, Terrifying.


Are you kidding me? She's like, so I had met her, I'd gone to Mass and she was, You know, George is Catholic and she had not converted at that time but I knew like she sort of knew who I was and she filmed in a different part of the studio than I did. So I didn't really cross paths with her and her husband George is like, it's so funny if You know him, but he loves YouTube. So he would watch my show and be like, Canice, This is a girl at Daily Wire. And she's like, I haven't even met her. Like who is this? And then I accidentally parked next to her at Mass one Sunday and This is like the Michael Knowles effect of like, I need to go to mass, I need to get my life together, whatever it was. And I was like, oh my God, can This is hair.


And then I saw George look over at me and apparently he was like, that's the girl at Daily Wire. And that was like the first time she had ever like seen me in person. And then she was in the office like a couple of weeks later and officially met me. But she's one of those people, you're talking about this downstairs that she is this like firecracker of personality and you like see her on screen and you're like, oh my God. Like I don't even know what to expect about this person. And she is one of the warmest individuals. She's incredibly charismatic, she's incredibly loyal. And I would, You know, hear things around the office of of like, oh Canice Owen, like Canice walking in. And it was like everybody like revered her and kind of feared her and she just comes up and gives you like a huge hug. So yeah, that was really special. And Matt, You know, I think the first time he ever like really officially met me was when his team was like, you gotta go on her show to promote something that he was doing or help her promote her show.


And we just had a ton of fun And So it was welcoming right off the bat. Yeah, they were. Were you, I mean how did it feel walking in there starting a show with the people like, I don't know if you'd call 'em idols, but Yeah. You know, people that you look up to in the industry And I mean now you're right there with them. That Was a fish outta water for sure. Imposter syndrome. But also, You know, you were, I'm very overconfident so there was some imposter syndrome but it was like, yeah I can do this And I can talk to a camera. I have opinions And I don't waiver and what I believe And I have fun telling stories and that's what I got to do every day. That's what I still get to do is like what I loved about acting, what I loved about working at that production company and searching for stories at the end of the day was telling stories with interesting characters and with interesting meaning that leave people changed that leave you thinking about something in a different light that make you feel something.


And I got to do that every single day and it was a really nice marrying of all the things that I loved. So I wasn't acting and there's always a part of me that's like, You know, I love that, I love being on stage. I'm doing my tour in the next couple of months, which I'm so excited about 'cause I love being on, like I love feeding off of an audience and This is like the whole, I love entertaining And I love telling stories in that medium. So I was able to kind of like mesh together all the things that I cared about and it was not the career that I ever expected for myself. But I think it's really beautiful because you, if you follow the things like if you find the, if you find the core of why you love what you love, 'cause it's usually a lot deeper than what you think.


It's not the superficial like, I like this job because of X, Y, Z, but it's like why does that fill your cup? Is it the people? Is it the things that you accomplish? Is it the feeling that you're making it, whatever it might be? Is it the storytelling aspect? Is it the solving of a problem? Whatever it may be. And if you can't do what you, You know, dreamed of as a kid or You know, spent 10 years of your life in LA like I did thinking like yeah, I'll just go be an actor forever and work in this industry. I'm totally content and fulfilled now with what I'm doing because the meat of why I loved all of that I get to do every day And I get to do it now.


Especially being independent. I get to do it and I'm in the driver's seat. I get to decide, You know, who I work with And I can, You know, honestly tell my audience that if I'm sitting down with somebody, if I'm collaborating with somebody, if I'm partnering with somebody, it's 'cause I want to, it's because I trust them. How did you, before we get into independent, how did you guys come up with the concept? How did, how did you come up with the comments section? So it's a funny story 'cause there were two different sides of it. But I had had the idea for a very similar show that I pitched to PR actually. And it was like a quippy funny, I literally, I still have the pilot actually and it's me in my LA apartment.


I've got my leg up on the chair because that was my whole thing at the beginning of comment section. Like I always had my leg up And I was going through news stories from a more like right wing common sense perspective. And I even read some comments And I had all the funny memes and edits in there And I edited it myself and iMovie. And my purpose of that was, it was, You know, trifold I think 'cause one, I didn't feel like there was enough content on this side of the aisle that was short form that would reach my generation. 'cause we have the, You know, attention span of a pee. And that was why I added in all the edits and the memes and the sound effects, which is a lot of YouTubers doing at that. At the time I was a big fan of this girl named Emma Chamberlain who had blown up on YouTube, You know, over the past 10 years or so.


And she always had really funny edits and sound effects and they would keep me just captivated in these videos. And I also felt like there wasn't anybody that was like me speaking to young people. Like, like I said, will Whitt was the only one, I had a lot of people that I would find on YouTube and You know, I would listen to Dennis sometimes and who would pop up on my YouTube feed or Michael and You know, Ben and Ken would watch Candace's. I was like consuming her stuff during BLM, all of her live streams and her rants and all that. But there wasn't anybody that was, there wasn't anybody who was young or just like an average girl. Like the young women that I saw were like the Trump admin interns and they're like pencil skirts or like the Fox News women or they were like the, You know, the hunters in Montana And I wasn't either of those.


I was like, I'm just kind of a, I don't know, I'm, I'm not, I'm just sort of in the middle. I'm just don't wanna really be preached at. But there's a lot of stuff going on in the world that doesn't make sense and that's chaotic and I'm losing friends And I feel alienated and lonely and if I feel this way then I know other people do. So maybe I could do something about it. Was it all you, you came up with it all? Well but so that was my side of it and so I had this pilot pitched and so Mo Wire approached me, I was like, actually I had this idea for a show and they have a, obviously a very strict pitch policy as anybody does in entertainment. And they're like, actually we can't, if you pitched it somewhere else, like we can't accept your pitch, aren't even hired yet. And so we were just sitting in this Zoom meeting, they're like, This is our idea, You know, it'll be a short form a show we want, you know, really funny edits and memes and you'll read comments.


I was like, This is like This is perfect. This is like the meaning of the minds. And it was so cool. And I think people assume, and I've said this before, that it was like the suits there that were going, we need to reach the young people. It was like the entire show was created by people that were around my age. They were all newly graduated. I think the oldest was like 24. So it was created by out of necessity for the content that we wanted to consume made by us for people our age. And so we had, they got the green light to hire me even though I don't think the suits knew, You know, why I was being hired. But they were like okay, You know, try it out and somehow got it green lit even though the execs were like, we don't really, we don't understand the show but if you think it's gonna just try.


So we had no money. Tiny budget, you know, I was in the back of a studio that was shared by two other people, had like a little tiny corner. We had no paid ads, nothing, no marketing machine. They were just like, see if anybody watches. And it was just really, really, it was perfect 'cause the people that we were working with, we just had like, that's how you kind of know that something's hopefully gonna work and that you've created something great when it's like we've all felt this need for something that's very similar. We all came together and had already been thinking about this. It was like, this has gotta be magic. And they brought the comment section, like the name, they had already had the name and they had tried the concept with another young woman who had worked there previously. And what they brought to it was having it be driven by comments of like, that's a unique, You know, kind of value add of don't just talk about your values and opinions, but like what are normal people on the internet saying.


I was like, that's a great addition. So they contributed that part and we developed it for three months and then launched it in end of February or March in 2022. And in the back corner of that tiny studio with no money, no paying ads, nobody really paying attention. We hit a million in four months. You hit a million in four months. Yeah. You amassed 4.5 million in three years. Yeah, It was a rocket ship. We were the fastest growing show and on, You know, the right, we were one of the top three fastest growing YouTube channels on all of YouTube. Wow. Again, no money, no anything. I mean we had money, we had support, you know, they gave us like $10,000, $20,000 to buy the cameras and build, you know, a set and get like the headphones, the mic and all of that stuff.


But it was a lot of, it was organic of people just sharing it. Wow. Seeing People. So they gave you a $10,000 budget and you created a 4.5 million viewership. Yeah. That's fucking insane. Yeah. In three years. How did that rank against the other shows? We, Ben always had significantly more. I helped paste A lot of them. Yeah. Any jealousy? No, I don't think so. Felt good. Yeah. I mean I was just like shocked as anybody. I was like, I don't even know how, I was like, This is wild.


No, and I'm so, And I like, I think about, You know, my brother saying that and all of these things that have now happened since then and I'm, I'm really, really grateful for the shot that they gave me and, And I had great people, You know, that core team who launched the show with me that was like dream team and we were, it was so much synergy and it made me like doing that show every day. We did 10 episodes a week, sometimes more, but two episodes a day. It made me so much better. And basically every aspect of my life I get comfortable being Brett on camera not being behind a role. Kinda like we talked about very early on I became incredibly articulate in my beliefs.


I became unwavering. I think I became less of a people pleaser in my work because I had to go on camera every day and share what I thought. And I was getting death threats and being called a trans phobe and a racist and whatever. You're a POS, Did that bother you? Not really actually. 'cause I felt so strongly about what I believed And I felt like what I was doing was important 'cause I would meet people in person. I think that was really, really helpful. Who were my age or around my age who said like, thank you for saying what I'm too afraid to say or what I, like I felt And I felt crazy for thinking this and you make me feel like I'm not as alone, especially young women who came up to me and said that.


'cause it was, it was all born out of, out of purpose of me feeling that exact same way. Did that start happening immediately, Pretty soon after? Yeah, it was very weird. But thankfully because I had been enacting, my mom was very proactive in conversations like that. 'cause she was like, at any moment any of these auditions, You know, I was auditioning for things like Wolverine and or Disney Channel, whatever these things that, You know, if I had actually booked any of those, my life would've blown up in an instant. And we watched that happen on a regular basis. People that I knew was in acting classes with. So we had lengthy conversations about fame and influence growing up because my mom was like, you could walk away from acting in a moment.


I wouldn't care. 'cause I would believe that what you learned was important and you had a great time doing it. You have no pressure to do this. But if This is what you are going to be doing and you're auditioning for these huge things that could literally change your entire world, you need to know what fame is and you need to have such a secure sense of self and understand that the reason why you have that and why you would have the money and the power and the influence is because of those people. So you better not act like a piece of shit basically. Good advice. And you can't compromise that. And it was like, that was from a young age. 'cause again, you never know. You could have booked something and then suddenly you're on some show every week and everybody knows who you are. So it was very proactive and that, You know, when I left to move to Nashville, she had the same conversation with me again.


She was like, I don't know if they're ever gonna make a show with you. I don dunno if you're gonna become some well-known person, don't forget everything that you've, we've talked about over the last 10 years. 'cause it's still applicable. And I didn't, She was right. Yeah. And it happened really fast. So I think I was prepared, but I remember the first time I was like actually recognizing public. I was in my pajamas at Costco And I was like, maybe I shouldn't wear my pajamas out in public anymore. Maybe that's not the best thing to do. Yeah. What did the execs think? I mean, 1,000,004 months. It Was like shocking. What were they saying to you? Well, they brought us into a meeting and one of the asked, like turned to somebody on my team and was like, so how much money did we put like behind this?


Like how many paid ads? And he was like, none, nothing. And they were just like, okay, like I guess let's just keep going. But yeah, but I just tried to like stay in my lane and keep going. I was undeterred. I was like, This is a rocket ship. Let's just keep growing. I mean, with that kind of a success and that amount of time, I mean that's damn near unheard of. Yeah. What was, what was your motivation to go independent? When did that pop into your head?


I was ready for something different. You just wanted a new challenge or? Yeah, I mean I, You know, we've covered a lot of different things and there have been different moments in my life where I had to make kind of like a, a decision that was like, You know, that leap of faith and that risk. And I hadn't taken one in a while And I felt very complacent And I was good at what I was doing And I was doing it every single day and we were making a difference.


And I was in a very good rhythm. But I had gotten complacent. Was it freedom? Yeah. You ordered more freedom. What was the final straw? I mean there was a almost nobody would give that up. Yeah. And start from scratch and that's why I respect you so much. That was, it was terrifying. I had to, You know, I, Alex And I had a conversation, many, This is not like a, like This is a lot of thinking and praying and analyzing and we looked at each other and we werere just kind of like, are you willing to, or we basically willing to lose everything and start from scratch.


'cause again, we had, You know, Alex had just started his own business. We had bought this farm that was like, it was a stretch, but we really wanted it. And I was like, I could leave and it could, could backfire on me immediately. Nobody could care. Maybe I wouldn't make any money, maybe I would have no anything. And I basically just had to to decide like, does that matter to me? And it didn't. And it worked. Yeah. And it wasn't 'cause I was like million. Yeah, A million subs and one month when you launched your new show.


Yeah. It was very humbling and gratifying. I was like, okay. But it was, I mean it's terrifying. And I literally like, our conversation was like, are we willing, my mom had just decided to move to Nashville. I was like, are we willing to like go move back in with her and like literally start over if like, you're funding our life now Alex And I can't help at all and I'm making no money. Like if all of it went away and at the end of the day, like I don't really care about being famous, like it comes with what I do, but I would be very, I would be just as happy if I was telling stories in a different capacity.


Again, it's finding the root of what you love to do and then applying it. I don't need this to survive. I don't crave it. I do it because I love sharing stories with people. I love hopefully making them think differently about the world. I love making people feel like they're not alone in whatever they're going through. Whether that's like on my subscription platform where we do our Dear Brett series And I'm able to talk to people like I had a girl last week, you know, talk to me about, you know, she has a grandfather with dementia who is, You know, forgetting who she is and has gotten violent and is like, how do you, how do you go through that? Like how do you still love somebody and be there but protect yourself and know that You know, that isn't the person that You know anymore.


I got to talk about my brother, which I don't often get to do. And it's like I, I've had so much crap happen in 23 years. It's like I hope that I can make somebody's life a little better if they haven't experienced this and they're now going through it for the first time. I hope I can make you feel less crazy about the world and feel less alone. But I don't have to have 4 million or a million subs to do that like that. That isn't why I do this. I could go work, I could go back to Trader Joe's and I'd be happy. Well you just described the why. Yeah. And you definitely, you hit it and you seem very fulfilled. Yeah. That's good to see.


Not a, a lot of people have that man. Yeah. Not a lot of people feel fulfilled in what they're doing. Yeah. And that was the first step to freedom of being like, I'm okay if this doesn't work. And I'm willing to willing to fight to make that happen. When you left your maid of honor best friend was her, Reagan, is that her name took over the comments section. How did that feel? Friendships are hard. Are you guys still friends?


I wouldn't say so. Would you like to still be friends? Of course I talked about that actually in another Dear Brett thing. Adult friendships are really hard. You always think it's gonna get easier, kind of just gets harder. And with more people knowing who you are and having influence and having eyes on you, then you kind of question people's motives in being friends with you. And it's kind of like a hard knowing how to meet people.


And so I'm, I'm like loyal to a maybe a fault, but I like Do you feel that she was disloyal and taken the role? No. She can do. She's an adult. She is. She. And This is what I will always stand by. You have to make the decision that is good for you and your family. I did that and she did that. Why do you think the friendship fell apart if you wish her the best of success? Friendships are hard.


Do you wanna say anything to her? Mm, that's difficult question that at the end of the day, I do, I wish you a success And I wish you well. And I hope that she chases the things that she wants. And I never wish that, You know, to not work for anybody. And I mean that genuinely I people, I, you know, there have been so many people that have come in and out of my life over the years And I think that it's important to, I let go.


Can't control everything. Even though you might like to, people make their own decisions, sometimes it hurts. But at the end of the day, everybody's figuring it out and we make choices. We live with choices. We do what we believe is best for us and our goals and our dreams. So yeah. Good for you. I think that's a healthier way to handle it. Good for you.


How long was it after you left the daily wire that you started it? I, My last day was December 10th And I think we started the show at the end of January. I believe it was a good rest period. I had a lot, a lot to consider and recalibrate and reflect on. And it seemed a lot longer in the moment. 'cause you go from to silence, it was really nice. And I had to think about a lot of the things that we've just spoken about. And I had already been thinking about that for months leading up to that of the why and the how and what can I build and how can I produce it in a way that is authentic, that is meaningful, that doesn't compromise values.


And I wanted to do right by people. I care so deeply about this audience and this community that I've built And I, I know that they trust me And I care for them And I wouldn't have what I have today. I mean, they've changed my life in a myriad of ways where it's like having this community of people that tunes in and watches you. It makes me better, it makes me articulate, it makes me have more integrity with myself. Like they hold me to high standards and encourage me to continue holding myself to high standards and think about the impact that I'm having in the world on a much broader scale.


I wanna make sure I'm being consistent with what I say on screen and what I'm doing in my personal life. And if I'm saying I believe in independent voices and freedom and doing what you believe in and standing strong in that I have to do the same And I can't, like it just forces you to go, like I think if you are a person with integrity and you have eyes on you and you're speaking about that, I, I don't know how you can not do that behind the scenes. I just like, I, I can't comprehend that.


And so I think it was really good, You know, I spent months thinking of like, what is the best way? What does this next chapter look like? And there was a lot that I wanted to consider in terms of, You know, Alex's and my life And I do want to be a mom and that's the thing that I've dreamt about for my entire childhood and, you know, life and now and how can I build a life and a career where I get to do what I love, but I get to be the kind of mother that I wanna be and have the kind of balance that I hope to have. And again, it like, if it didn't work, if nobody cared, I would be fine.


Like I would, You know, having babies, working a job, being with my family, being with the people that I love might not be as like exciting some of the stuff that I get to do. But it's, that's like really good life. And at the end of the day, that's what I think about And I now have the freedom to build that. What are you thinking about having kids? Oh, I hope soon as possible. Really. Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. How will you balance it all? I think I've put myself in a very good position over the last couple of months of thinking of, you know, having that in mind of, I have, You know, I've scaled back a ton and which I think has made me better actually and probably made me better on camera and what I do.


But I'm building a life and putting something in place and Alex actually has taken on a much bigger role 'cause he's in advertising. So he actually handles a lot of that side of the work for me. And he manages a lot of the business side of it, which is he's much better at it than I am, which is great. Where I have a lot more free time than I ever, You know, kind of expected. So I look at that and I'm like, This is is obviously how I wanna fill that time. And I think I, I actually just recently did an episode about this 'cause there's this whole idea that, you know, started in the eighties of women being able to have it all. You should have it all and You know, be this girl boss. And it's ironic that they said have it all because they never intended children to be included in that.


But women thought that they were. And so they would go work there, you know, nine to five jobs and climb the corporate ladder and be like, how do I, now I can't, like I can't have it all. I'm, You know, Campbell's burning at both ends. And so, You know, I'm not there yet. I don dunno exactly how on a day-to-day basis that will be managed. But I know that I'll be saying no to things and life is prioritizing things based on the stage of life that you're in. And if we weren't planning on having kids, if that wasn't my future, I would probably be building a very different career. Maybe I wouldn't have, You know, taken a shot to try to go build something myself.


But it was important to me to be able to say, I wanna have the freedom to say now and not have to go Be, it's the same thing with, You know, with acting of I wanna be in control and know that I can be the kind of wife that I wanna be and the kind of daughter that I wanna be and the kind of mother that I wanna be. And it's a real privilege and a blessing that I'm working on building that. And I still get to do what I love. But I probably, I probably won't do it. I don't know, like the analogy that I made on my show is that like, yes, a woman can have like eight children and go and have, You know, be a partner at a law firm to X, y, Z but she definitely won't be the, You know, super engaged homeschool mom that drives her kids to like every single appointment and thing that, You know, a mom that prioritizes being at Homewood and that mom that homeschools all of her kids.


She might have a part-time job, she might have, You know, so many of the mothers that I know do work, but they have built a career and a life that allows them to be the mother that they wanna be. And so they have, You know, it's like, like I think about my mom, she didn't work, but she ran organizations and she would write for the newspaper and she would teach cooking classes out of our house just 'cause there were so many things that she as a person just enjoyed and wanted to share with people and would do things here and there to keep herself engaged. And it was so impressive, I think, to my brothers And I to see as someone who is so engaged and so dedicated to the career of being a mother, of building and nurturing productive, intelligent members of society.


But she had so many interests and she like built so many different things and she was so impressive and she brought us along with all of it. And so she gave up a corporate career. She was in textbook publishing, she was working at WW Norton. She walked away from that. She could have had a totally And I asked her about that growing up. Like, do you regret that? She was like, well I often think about what it would've been like if I had stayed in the, You know, the more commonplace path of pursuing that, You know, I'm gonna go be the partner at the law firm. I'm gonna go be the president of publishing. I'm gonna go run this real estate agency. She worked in real estate Later on she was like, but at the end of the day, that wasn't what drove me.


And so I found other ways to be fulfilled in buildings and she built incredible things. She ran that incredible organization. She ran a cooking school when my brothers were younger, but it was like out of her house. So I like have always thought about that and knowing that my career might look different than a woman who decides to have a, You know, a full-time Manny or not have kids. And I never wanna shame women for doing that 'cause every person is on their own path, but no individual man or woman can have it all. We talked about that when you came on of, You know, you give and you take, and there are times when I've been so ingrained in work And I've had to scale back And I just know that it'll be about prioritizing what is important at that moment and building something where I can give to my family in the way that I wanna give.


There's not a lot of people doing it. You are in a very unique position here and I mean, who will you look to for advice? Especially with the mom stuff? Yeah. And the business stuff. I mean, Candace seems to manage it all. Yeah, Candace does and they keep it all in house, which is wonderful. And You know, she and George run everything together, which was really the, I loved watching that. And I looked at Alex And I was like, I want that. I don't wanna, I don't wanna offload this to anybody else anymore. Like, I trust you. I don't trust a lot of people. I trust you and let's do this together. And he, through helping me build this, gives me the, he's giving me and our family the freedom to be able to go, You know, have a farm, have a bunch of kids by, You know, This is not what he is like, sort of in line with some of the work that he does.


But he's taken on a huge bulk of it, which I'm so grateful for. But yeah, for sure. And then the other one is Liz Wheeler. She's incredible. And she is, she's a mom. She has two kids. She is at the Blaze. She has a podcast and her husband works and she is the most dedicated mother. And she, You know, when she's doing her show for an hour and a half during the day, her husband is with their kids. And then for the rest of the day, she is like, they're never out of her sight. And that's good to hear. Yeah. And they go wherever she goes. And like, if you hire Liz for a speaking engagement, if you had her on your show, she would be, she would have her kids there.


And if she can't have them there, she says no. And if it means missing out on something, she says no. And we had a long conversation about this actually last year, where she was like, you have to put yourself in a situation where you have the freedom to do that. And if that's the kind of mother that you wanna be, if you still, if you feel called to this vocation to do this work, you have to be able to set those boundaries because otherwise you're gonna be pushed around. You're gonna be told what to do. And she set just an incredible example. And I don't know if she talks about that often. She talked about it in a, a speech. She was given an, an award recently, And I went and saw her talking. So she talked about that, but I don't know if she's talked about it very publicly. But she's been a wonderful resource and inspiration in that regard.


They'll have staff, You know, they, You know, have family that comes and helps and that's their support. Which, you know, my mom a saint, I was leaving Idaho, she's like selling the stream farm and she's coming here to be in Nebraska. She was like, I wanna be here. And, You know, Alex's family is here and we're gonna be this village. Because she didn't have that. And I, that was really, really hard on her. And she didn't have that kind of, You know, when her husband was dying of brain cancer, she had nobody nearby to, You know, care for my three brothers when she had to go to the Mayo Clinic for three days at a time or anything like that.


And she was like, I'm going to give you the support that I never had. We're gonna do this and I'm gonna be down the street from you. And if you're busy and you're doing a show and there's this opportunity that you don't wanna give up, I never want you to feel like you have to say now. Like, you will have to because you'll, you'll be prioritizing things, but I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna support you. And that was, you know, Liz has done that with her family. And so she is like, she's really, really wonderful. She deserves a lot more cred than That's cool, man. Yeah, she's great. She's super consistent too. She's like a firecracker. I bet she is. Yeah. And a very good mother. So yeah, it's what, it's, it's a weird industry and it's a unique situation, but it's also not because every family is thinking about this.


I think This is a thing that women think about all the time when they get to this point in life and how you are gonna balance it and what you're gonna prioritize. And I think that society has like become very skewed where for so many years, like starting when my mom was having kids, I mean, she was absolutely crapped on for choosing to not work. And I was like, you're, This is so embarrassing. You're giving up your entire career. How could you do this? Like, you're just a mom. You're just a mom. And then we just went so far in that one direction. And then now on the right, I see like if you go on like right wing Twitter, And I get called like, You know, ally Beth, ulus Wheeler, And I, Candice, we get called like undercover feminists because we actually have a job and we work and it's like, guys, I sit in front of a freaking camera And I like talk about the things that I care about like a couple times a week.


And then I go outside And I like birth cows and take care of chickens and cook dinner and You know, write about things that I care about. I wanna write a book this year. I'm like, I'm gonna go do that. But it's like, it's really not that big of a deal. Like, so now I feel like the pendulum has shifted in this other direction where there's so many women, and Ellie, Beth And I talked about this very recently, where it's like there's normal women who are balancing it all. And in this like economy especially, it's rare for a family to be able to live off of when come. I don't think it's comfortable for a lot of people. And so now we have these people on the right that are, You know, sitting on their high horses saying, that's so embarrassing.


You're a terrible husband. If your wife has a job, you're a terrible woman. If you don't give it up or whatever it is. If you have a side hustle, it's like, for the entirety of history, women have worked and contributed to their families. But that's, You know, I quoted, You know, Proverbs 31 in that episode where I did where, you know, she contributes to her community and she's engaged and she works in the fields to, You know, bring food. And I was like, when we, You know, when we were in agricultural society, women were engaged in the family businesses and you read, You know, Jane Austen stories, they worked in the dress shops. Like it was, it was always a very specific class where the women didn't work.


And we had like the 1950s where there was that period of like the housewife, but even that was like a very middle class, upper class idea. And I feel like now on the right, we've glamorized that to the point where so many people have now looked at women and been like, fool, you're an embarrassment if you work, that's feminism running through your veins. I'm like, actually, I think it's just Everybody's got an opinion. Yeah. And you're at a level where a lot of people wanna drag it down. Oh, of course. And you know, being independent, it's kind of like being a free agent. Everybody wants a piece, everybody wants what you have. Yeah. Everybody wants to consume you. All the sharks are after you. How do you, And I know that's happening to you from conversations we've had offline.


And so what I am curious about is how do you, how do You know who to trust? How do You know who's not full of shit? Especially in this industry. Everybody's full of shit. Yeah. Have you found anybody that's not I have, I found you, you Had a great team around you. Yeah, I have a great team, many of whom I've worked with for a while or worked with at the beginning of starting all of this. And I think keeping it small is key for me right now. Keep a lot of it in house. I've had tons of requests and offers to outsource to X, Y, Z and I'll never say that.


There isn't a time where I would consider like, okay, maybe I could work with this person or build something with this person or do a collaboration. But right now I'm at such a peer, like we're, we're just building this as this tiny little team and it's working and it's humming and I'm learning so much. And I trust every single person that I interact with on a daily basis that they have, You know, that they're a person of integrity, that I trust them, that they have my best interests at heart. That we have a, a shared vision for what I want to accomplish with every video that I put out in the world. I wanna make sure that every single thing that I do matters. And that I'm not just doing something for views or for clicks or because it'll be a means to some end, but that it's like I'm sharing something that is important and they get that.


And so we're, You know, and they push me in the ways that I should be pushed. Question things that need to be questioned. Like we have hard conversations of like, okay, you wanna do this, but why? Like, the why is like we keep hammering back to, there should be a reason for every single move that I make or video that I put out. And so right now it's just, it's people that I, it's funny you say, how do You know to trust? It's just, I I it's a very tiny group. Small Pool. Yeah. And, And I think it takes spending more time learning about the opportunities and the options and not jumping into anything too quickly.


And I also think building something that I'm proud of that can stand on two legs where, You know, there's a lot of freedom in not needing somebody else. And I feel like I'm in a very, very, very fortunate and lucky position where right now, I, I can say no to things And I'm very honored, I'm grateful, but I can do it on my own. And I don't wanna expand this bubble and invite people into now again, start telling me who to be, where to go, how to do what I do, who I don't know intimately. 'cause it's a very, and we've talked about this too, off camera, but it's a weird situation when it's a brand, but it's you if you hand the reins off, You know, to somebody else and you lose control.


And it's like, I don't like what you're doing to my brand, but that's me as a person. Yeah. And if I don't have control over that, like at the end of the day, I have to live with myself and look in the mirror. And so I wanna make sure that, you know, again, it's like the business of self here and the business of personality or whatever it is. So you just have to constantly thinking about that. Yeah. Which also, You know, it's important for the audience, it's important for what you're building, but also as a human being. Like, again, when I go to sleep tonight, when I look at my husband, I have to feel like I'm being consistent.


I have to know that I'm having integrity with myself, with an audience, and feel really good about that because it's so public. Good, good. What do you see it developing into? I don't know. I'm excited. Who is the cookie company? We talked about that earlier. You gotta do the cookies. Yeah, you've gotta do the cookies. I'm excited. I'll be your best customer. Sounds good. Guarantee it. I have a subscription and my wife. But No, I'm not sure. And that's kind of the exciting thing. I think that you have to be nimble and flexible and, You know, my life is gonna change and when you get older, I'm gonna be, You know, hopefully be a mom and have other things happening in my life.


And I think you have to be adept and nimble, and I'm gonna let that be the driving force. And then everything, You know, we'll have to work around that and still build something that I'm proud of. And I dunno, like I really, it's such a, it, I, I wanna build something big that's meaningful, but I don't have an image in mind of what that is. I just wanna be able to continue sharing goodness and entertaining people. Like I genuinely, I love telling stories. I love making people laugh. I love making them feel like I'm an entertainer at heart, which is so weird to say in this whole world, but it's like, I, I do love making people feel something.


I love sitting in the audience and watching something that moves me to tears. I love watching a great film. I love reading a book that I can't put down because it's completely changed the way that I've thought about the world, And I love being able to do that. And so I don't know the, You know, the avenues that that'll take me down. But I think if I keep that as the forefront, I'm sure I'll have a great time. Build the foundation, stay true to yourself and just be open then. Yep. But Brett, amazing interview and I mean, I don't know if you ever think about this, you know, but if you don't, you might want to.


But just think about all the people you know that you've, you've influenced And I mean, you're an inspiration, You know, I mean, at 23 years old, you've already built a hell of a legacy. Yeah. And, and you're making it okay for people to talk about what they believe in no matter what that is. And you're a pioneer that takes a lot of courage. So congratulations. Thank you. And you inspire me. I'm grateful. It's really cool. So, Well, you're paving a path of your own. And you were asking about people that I look up to. I mean, you are like, I hope all of you're viewers though, And I think they, you guys do, but it's, you are the real deal.


And like who you are sitting across from me being on camera, doing your interviews, that is who you are. And you are like a steadfast example of integrity and consistency. The, And I think especially in this weird political world, I doesn't exist. Well, that's also like in every industry in Hollywood and entertainment, there's so many people when it comes to this world of having influence and it's pretty great. It's very special. Thank you. Thank you. Well, Brad, I wish you the best success and thank you. Thanks for having me.


Expert entrepreneur, ed Mylet is on a mission to max out your life. I exist here weekly so that you can make your dreams come true, become the man or woman you're capable of, and then pay it forward. It's time to get laser focused on peak performance. Clarity equals focus and focus equals success. That's what I'm here to do every week with you. Max out The Add mylet Show, follow and listen on your favorite platform.