
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


At Sierra. Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Guys like me. Don't trust the VA. We just don't. You're not going to be getting your sex changed at the VA anymore. That's not what our, our services are for. And everything that we're taking away to that would take away from money that I could be spending on something else that are helping vets directly. We're not even getting primary healthcare. 480,000 VA employees. And there are 450,000 active duty Army that's 30,000 more than the active Army members. I hope you're taking this in 'cause I, I am the guy you're trying to reach. Secretary Collins, Welcome to the show, Sean.


Glad to be here, bud. It's honored to have you here. So the new secretary of the VA. Yep. Lots of stuff to work on. Ooh. It's a, what do we call a target rich environment. Yeah, I'll bet it is probably even more than I know. But, but, so we got a bunch of stuff to talk about today, a whole lot of topics to cover, but I'm just, how did, how did secretary of the VA pop up on your radar? Well, I think it come about a lot of things. You know, the president and I had known each other for a while. And when I was in Congress for eight years, especially those last few years, I was in leadership and I had to, was the ranking member of the VA, not the VA committee, but the judiciary committee, which put me in close proximity to the president because we had to deal with the sham Russia stuff.


We had to deal with the Mueller, we had to deal with impeachment. And so he and I got to know each other pretty well and, you know, from my fighting, you know, during those days, to keep the truth just out there about what we were seeing. And so we just had developed a, a closeness and we've kept it up over the time when he was out and when he started campaigning again, I would be out there and I'd show up and, and after a while, about a year or so ago, he, you know, he said, look, I, I think, I think you need to come with me. And he just said, you know, you know how, if you've ever been around him, he's just like, I just wanted, you know, you need to come with me. And this was a year out. And I said, Mr. President, I said, you, I said, let's get you elected. We'll talk about whatever you want to. And after that happened, we had some conversations there, some other ideas that was thought about. But then I had some ideas about this and it came about.


And I said, you know, this, this will be a a, a good spot. It takes my career, takes my passions, and puts it in a position that is, is most well known as a politically sensitive department because of Congress and, and everybody on the veteran thing. I said, I think we can manage this 'cause we're gonna have to make some change that actually matters. And I said, we're gonna have to work at it hard and I think we can do that. So he, he agreed, brought me in. We discussed it for just a little while. And then I asked him, when he said, he said, you wanna do it? I says, yes, sir. He said, I said, what do you want me to, to? I said, what, what do you want me to do, sir? And he said, just take care of my veterans. Nice. And that was just, that Was it. Nice. Did you intend to do that? You Better believe it. Perfect. Perfect. Well, before we get too far into the weeds here, everybody gets a gift.


Alright. Even the secretary of the VA. All right. There we go. I Love it. Vigilant, sleek, gummy bears made in the US and they're legal at all 50 states. I love it. Don't worry about feeling weird after you Have we go some or anything? I love it, but alright, so everybody gets an introduction too. So. Alright. Doug Collins, secretary of the VA. You are the 12th secretary of the Departments of Veterans Affairs, confirmed by the Senate in February of 2025 to lead the charge for our nation's veterans. You earned a degree in political science and criminal justice from the University of North Georgia. You earned a master's degree in divinity from New Orleans Baptist Theological SE Seminary and pastored Chicopee Chicopee Baptist Church for 11 years.


In 2006, the people of Georgia's 27th State House District elected you to represent them during your first term in the state legislator. You graduated from Atlanta's John Marshall Law School and established your own legal practice. You are the US representative from Georgia's ninth Congressional District from 2013 to 2021. You are a veteran who served as a chaplain in the Air Force Reserve, including a deployment to Iraq in 2008 with the 94th air wing. You remain a colonel in the Air Force Reserve. You're a husband and a father, and most importantly a Christian. And some of the things that you've already done, you've already cut DEI programs and shifted $14 million to VA healthcare and caregiver support set up telehealth and remote and, and rural areas, changed the flag policy to only American and POW flags and over 1 million dis disability claims in 2025.


Already. That's two week faster than the normal that we've seen. Yep. So what are some of the things that you want to change about the VA? I have right now the size and scope of the VA. I know your Doge advisor is here somewhere today. Yeah. And so what, what does that look Like? Yeah. Well, he's my, he and a great part about, it's, he's my VA employee who helps me with liaison to them, which is a, a great thing. 'cause we've incorporated the whole work of what I think the president's new vision is into our organization in a way that works with us and not against us. I think that's one of the things that there's this idea out there that, you know, there's this ominous, you know, thing happening in DC And the truth of the matter is, is no, we're, I'm still the secretary of VA and it comes through my desk.


We make decisions and mine will always be for the veteran. And then, you know how that works out through our VA employees. The, where we're seeing the most issue right now is, is Sean. And this is something almost for any many military person, anybody that wants to think about it. The first thing, when you come into a, a branch or you come into anything, it's, it's, you're told about the culture. Okay? The culture is this, the culture, you'll be a airman, you'll be a, you know, navy, you'll be a seal, you'll be a, whatever it is. You got the culture. Well, the only thing interesting is, is, is in all fairness, Sean, that's culture is at the end of the, of the pipe. It's what comes out of the pipe. It's what goes in at the top that gives you culture.


There's this idea of somewhere that you out there that you all of a sudden, you know, you can just pop up culture and, and that's just not true. You've gotta have people and ideas at the top that then permeate through the system, sort of like it just like you were eating. So, and it comes out the other end. Well, it comes out as culture. And so really that's the first step for me, the first step is, is developing a culture that says, we've done it this way for so long. Is this still the right way to do it? And that's, you know, look, I'm running against people who don't wanna change. I'm running against, you know, media union bosses, members of Congress and the Senate who just, you know, they've put in, here's their problem. They've invested so much in a system that's not working that now it's hard for them to admit maybe we need to do something different.


So, you know, all the things we're gonna talk about today is gonna come back to that culture issue. So that's why I'm out here talking to you. That's why I've been on, on social media, you know, Twitter, anything else I could find, just tell the truth. And I fought back against the lies. I'm not, I think the sum up my first five weeks is you may have been able to be, VA may have been a whipping post for a long time. Some of it I'll agree with you probably needed to be, but nobody's ever stepped forward to fix it. So here's my thought to everybody. We're not gonna be your whipping post anymore. I'm gonna tell you the truth. And I'm gonna give you the answers that we need to do. And I'm gonna take care of our veteran, number one, and I'm gonna make sure our VA employees the best that we can. So it's a lot goes into it, but it's culture that has to start at the top and also has to filter down and buy in.


And that's what I'm fighting the most right now. Yeah. You know, I've, I've got a whole slew of complaints about the VA and you know, it's funny, but it's not, I mean, I haven't stepped into a VA. I got a hundred percent Yeah. I haven't stepped into a VA in almost 10 years because my experience has been just atrocious. It was, here's these pills we can't see. I mean, I remember just going to my, I can't even remember what they call the appointments where you go in and you get checked out. Your consultation Stuff. Yeah, the consultations. I'm having doctors come to me, they don't even know what a Navy SEAL is. They're asking me why I didn't go to medical when I'm, when I'm, when I'm attached to a fob base, they don't understand what combat is.


My doctor shows up in a sweatsuit, barely even speaks any English. And it's just time and time again. And then if you know anything about my show, it started with all special ops combat veterans. And everybody has the same complaints and the same issues and, and it, it, it is created. Look, I don't know any, any one of my friends and I have friends with the top war fighters on the planet. None of them have a good experience at the VA. None of them have anything positive to say about the VA. None of them trust the VA. And that's why I quit going. Yeah. I mean, I have more friends that have died of suicide and drug addiction and depression and PTS and everybody's struggling with, especially the special operations guys with the, with the traumatic brain injuries.


And we just aren't getting any answers at all from the VA. And so, and, and then it's just created this distrust. So what I do with my check is I, I buy my own healthcare instead. I use the VA because I just, I don't trust the system. I don't like the system. I get treated like shit when I go there. It's like, like it, it is like I'm faking an injury or something. And, And so it, I just got to the point where I just threw my hands up and I was like, man, fuck this. I'm not doing it. Yeah. I'll, I will, I will personally pay for my own healthcare on the civilian side, which is much, much better than anything I've ever had in the VA. And so, and then you see a lot of these therapies, and I wanna dive into this too, but I mean, I'm just gonna share my experiences with you because I think you need to know, and I mean, I just talked about traumatic brain injury.


I mean, these guys have been breaching doors with high explosives for 20 years. They can't remember where the hell they are. They can't remember what they're doing. The short term memory loss. They drive somewhere. They're driving their kids somewhere. They forget where the hell they're going. They're, they're, they're, they, when I say they, I mean we, you know, we're, we're a temperamental, we're quick to fly off the handle. There's chemical imbalances, there's the burn pit shit. And now all these different, I mean, it, it's across the board. I mean, you see in all these nonprofits that are stood up by veterans and they're, they're, they're the ones that are actually taking care of us.


Hmm. It's not the VA. And psychedelic therapy is one of the big ones that, that we've seen a tremendous amount of benefit from, especially with traumatic brain injury. I mean, Stanford did a study, fly these guys down. They, they, they do a brain scan. They fly these guys down to Mexico doing iboga treatment. My friend Trevor's, he's ambio life sciences. There's all these black holes in the brain, you know, on the brain scan. They go down there where it's, where their brain's not working. They do the ibogaine treatment, they fly 'em back up to Stanford. Oh. Magically the entire brain is lit up. I mean, here, I just wanna, I have to tell you some of this stuff.


Yeah. 'cause it's important. One of my, one of my best friends of all time, I've known him for probably at least 15 years, we contracted at, at CIA together retired Green Beret. Sustained. One of the biggest blasts I've ever seen. Somebody walk out alive from massive traumatic brain injury. Then he gets shot in the head, his wife call. He's been hiding this stuff. His wife calls me and she's like, Sean, he's bedridden five to six days a week. He can't walk without a cane. 'cause he has vertigo. He can't go outside even on a cloudy day without his sunglasses because the light sensitivity's so bad.


He can't, we haven't had sex in over two years. He goes down there, nobody can help him. Nobody at the VA can help him. He goes down there, he does the ibogaine treatment, he leaves his cane there at the facility. He comes home, doesn't need, he doesn't need the cane anymore. Doesn't need the sunglasses, is not bedridden at all anymore. The all the vertigo is gone. And then he goes home, has sex with his wife. And it's, and that was probably nine months ago. Mm. Same it, it was like one week to fix that. And I don't even, I don't know. I mean, like I said, I, I haven't stepped foot in the VA. I just gave up on it. Yeah.


But why, why aren't they looking at stuff like that that actually works? Instead of doing the same old shit, oh, here's some pills. Here's this, let's go do a brain scan. Oh, we don't have any answers. And it's, it's, it's discouraging. And you know, that's not the only nonprofit that's vets that I'm talking about veterans exploring. I can't remember. It's vets right vets.org. But, but treatment solutions. But why isn't the VA get, I mean, and, and then we have the, the veteran suicide epidemic. And the numbers are all over the board. They say 22 a day. I hear reports that it's actually 40 a day when you start looking at the, the, the overdoses and stuff like that.


I mean, so what's the plan here?


When was the last time you checked on your home title? If you're like me, the answer is never. There's a growing real estate scam targeting American homeowners and their home equity criminals. Forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee and file with your county. Boom. Your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or a foreclosure notice. Stop what you're doing and find out today if you're already a victim, use promo code srs@hometitlelock.com and you'll get a free title history report to find out if your title is still in your name. When you sign up, you'll also receive a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property's title, urgent alerts. If there are ever any changes. And if fraud should happen, their US-based restoration team will spend up to 1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. Your satisfaction is guaranteed and you can cancel at any time. Get peace of mind now@hometitlelock.com, promo code SRS or click the link in the description.


Going online without express, VPN is like not having a passcode on your phone. You're just making it insanely easy for anybody who steals your phone to also steal your whole digital life. Every time you connect to an unencrypted network like in a hotel, your online data is not secure and hackers on the same network and try to steal your personal data like your passwords. Express VPN stops hackers from stealing your data by creating a secure tunnel between your device and the internet. Express VPN is so easy to use and super secure. You just need to fire up the app and click one button to get protected. And it works on all devices. Your phones, laptops, tablets, and more. I know for me, helping to protect myself from hackers is a top priority. And I really like that Express VPN can be used and trusted when I'm on the go or in the studio. Secure your online data today by visiting express vpn.com/ss. That's E-X-P-R-E-S SV vpn.com/ss to find out how you can get up to four extra months for free express vpn.com/ss.


Yeah, well look, Sean, you've expressed a a as you were doing there, what you're seeing with your friends, you're seeing with everybody else. And I think it's the, it's the battle we face. Okay? When I was in Congress, we'd have, I think the interesting part, and this is one of the things I told all the, the senators, especially when we're going through confirmation, which I had to go through to get this, I said, 60% of your constituent calls, in other words, 60% of the calls to your office for help in some way involved the VA, either VA ha or health benefits or their regular or their other benefits, disability benefits, other things like that. 60%. Some of 'em looked at me like, no. And it was interesting. The staff would be sitting in the, in the side going 60% of What?


60% on all their calls. So like a phone call to a congressman or a senator, I need, I'm having trouble. 60%. Okay. And that's, and some would actually be higher. Some actually maybe a little lower. So just average out around 60%. Like I said, some of the members were like, I don't know. But yeah, there's staff sitting there and saying, yeah, it is, it is because I hear it all the time. Think about that for a second. Let's just ponder for just one second that, that many people, and we're talking thousands with each congressman, each senator a year calling about a organization that is supposed to be already set up to give them what they have earned to give them the benefits that they have earned through congress action.


This is none just dreamed up by a president. This is all from statutory, you know, law, but yet having to call them because they can't get the help they need. Only in Washington DC do we call that normal only in Washington DC do we call that? Okay. I call it failure. And I've called that out since the day that I got sworn in that we're not going to allow any more this discussion that it's okay to have to call for what you should be getting already. Now if you don't want it, don't take it. Go outta the way. That's why we have choices. That's why we have other things to do. But when it gets into the stuff that you're talking about, this goes back to that culture argument that I was talking about to start with.


It gets into the situation where we've just sort of done it this way. We, and, and the argument at the VA is, well, everybody complains. Everybody does. Rightfully so. Even if they're new employees, they get well, the VA's awful. And there's been a lot of problems and probably in a lot of stuff to back that up. I'm not gonna disagree with you, but there's also a lot of times when you got the ones who are trying to do it or getting bogged down in the people trying to get in a system that is broken. So it'd be like me, I I do a lot of counseling. I have it for years, of course when I was pastoring and a chaplain and everything else, I count. And if you, in a relationship, the relationship starts, let's say with with a man, you know, husband and wife and a member. It doesn't matter if they're military or not, but if they have a relationship and they have a issue in which one does not trust the other, and you come into that position, then they've, they've now developed into a problem where they don't talk, they're fighting.


They're, you know, maybe gonna get divorced or breaking up, whatever. And then I walk into the room and I say, I want to help you, but the only thing that I can give you, the one thing you got to have to fix the relationship is the one thing that's broken to fix the relationship. You gotta have trust. If you can't have trust, you're not gonna fix a relationship. You can smooth it, you can face it over, you can do whatever you wanna do, but you gotta have trust in the VA. We're a similar situation in the sense that people have for so long said, I have to do it by this prescribed method, by this prescribed way, or there's gonna be a congressional person, you know, say something or do something, or I'm gonna get complained about or we're gonna do this. Or the union says, we gotta keep your job. So you just keep doing whatever you're doing.


We will protect your job and, and go forward. So when it comes to new ideas, there's, you know, there's some good things that you were never hear about. But when it comes to ideas such as you're talking about with a new generation of, of war fighter, this new generation of war fighter doesn't come that they're starting to come to the VA. If they have issues of prosthetics, they have issues of, you know, they've lost limbs, they've done stuff like that. That, because there's some of that we do probably as well, if not better than most anywhere you're gonna find. But when it comes to other areas like the traumatic brain injury to like the issues of sleep deprivation, the issues of addictions, those things we're stuck in a system that is not allow it.


Now in the Bronx, there's a clinical study on psychedelics that we've actually been a part of, and it's working. We're seeing tra you know, tremendous change. Bobby Kennedy, who's now the new HHS Secretary, health and Human Services secretary, he and I sat in my office two weeks ago and talked about this very issue and how do we get it incorporated in some of it, we're bound because we're actually a healthcare, actually hospital healthcare organization. We're bound by some of the laws that Congress has made that have, have bound us into what we can use and what we can't use. I I'll use the big example there is marijuana. Marijuana's always been a, a fight treatment, you know, in some areas. And you've had a lot of con you know, congressmen say, we're not gonna do that.


We're gonna keep it where it's at. And so that it binds us a little bit. But in one of the areas I'm looking at to get what you're talking about is, a number of years ago, Donald Trump actually promoted a thing called right to try. It was legislation in in which, if you were dying, if you had other issues, why not let you try something? What are we hurting here? You know? And, and if it works, then it's a miracle. And we, and we're good. We're actually exploring right now, among the many things that I'm shoveling as fast as my shovel can shovel, is to see is there ways under right to try that we can expand some of those programs right now into psychedelics, into others treatments, you know, from ran from hyperbaric to everything else that says, is this working?


You know, is it working? How do we expand it out? We know from case Case like what you just talked about, that it is working. We know from experience that in some people this is, this is, you know, a dead on treatment for what they need. But I've gotta get a mindset change that says, and this is what I'm facing almost all the time, is, well, you can do that, but there's a risk, Sean, getting up outta bed in the morning and going to the bathroom and taking a shower is a risk. I'm gonna fall and bust my head and die. That's a risk. Getting up and walking in, getting a car is a risk. I want us to help the people who need help. But then there's also another generational issue we're having right now.


And the generational issue is something that's gonna be a little bit harder for me to tackle because it's not just the VA assimilating itself to the, the younger war fighter, the G Wat fighter, my generation fighter, your generation fighter who are not joiners. We don't join Kiwanis, we don't join Rotary, we don't join, you know, for most of this generation, they don't join the VFW, they don't join the American Legion. They don't do those things. They go with their buddies. They, they're drawn to nonprofits who are actually doing something on 10% margins instead of the opposite way around. 90% of what they do is going to fixing something. Instead of 90% going to fix the organization, 10% may be helping. These are kind of things that we gotta deal with.


So now I've gotta get 'em back just like you to say, how, what can I do inside the VA to make enough change that I get, that I can get another shot? That I can get another shot to say, look, if you want the care here, fine. But if not, we're gonna pay for it in the community. See, that's another issue that, that the previous administration, the last four years have been horrific for expansion of care, which Donald Trump promoted in his first term, and I voted for when I was in Congress. They just went away from it. Sean, they, because it's a mindset. You've got to understand the mindset of the VA and the mindset that the Biden administration and the previous administration spent tens of billions of dollars, well over a hundred billion and tens of thousand employees, well over 50,000 in the last four years alone.


Four years. And you know what our metrics have either just stopped or they've actually went backwards. So all these people that are screaming, you know, that, you know, you can't cut anybody, you can't change it. Well you've tried that now for, for the past 10 years. And you know what GAO says, government accounting offices said, you're on the high risk list. VA has been on the high risk danger list of race fraud and abuse and poor quality healthcare in many of our facilities for 10 years. That's just unacceptable. But yet, if I, but yet the past three or four weeks, if you've watched any of the headlines, I'm being skewered and pillared by some of our VSO community and some of our members of the Senate and the house that you're, you can't change.


You're gonna, you're gonna hurt wait times, you're gonna hurt. You've done that already. Our wait times are not where they need to be. Our backlog is too high. It was, it was under 60,000 when Trump left office. It's over 225,000 now. And that's with all the numbers I just told you. This is just bull crap, okay? We can't keep doing the same thing the same way. So really what those folks on the hill and some of those outside and the outside agencies and groups are saying is the VA, oh yeah, we know it's bad and you just gotta keep throwing stuff at it because it protects our jobs, protects our workers, and protects the system. See, that's what I see. I see a bunch of bureaucrats that don't actually give a shit about veterans.


They only give a shit about the VA and not, not that the VA is actually doing its job that, I mean, I've got a stat written down here, four, there are 480,000 VA employees and there are 450,000 active duty Army. Yeah, that's about Right. Now how about right? And, and veterans all over the country have been dying, waiting to get treatment, commit suicide, dying, you know, 'cause they, they can't get, so with four, with 480,000 VA that's 30,000 more than the active Army members.


How, how can't they, why can't they get in? Or why couldn't they get In? Well 'cause a lot of it. Think about that organizational structure. Where is most of that organizational structure going? You know, I've been told since, you know, we started the confirmation process and we started asking these questions. Well, pact act did this pact act forced us, you know, and by the way, that was Biden thought of it at State of the Union, a few months, acted it, not really thinking about cost. And by the way, when the House and Senate, I speak hill because I was up there for a long time. Here's what you do. You wanna make somebody think you're doing something, you pass a bill, you leave a lot of the stuff in the middle, either unfunded or open-ended, you get the president to sign it and then you declare it a victory.


Nevermind going to the actual agency that's gonna have to, to, to do this and give them in help and instructions on how to make it happen. But I was told that was why, it was, why the monies and everything increased so much. Well, I've asked, where are these, where are these employees that were hired for, for PAC Pack? I mean, if we've hired all these employees to do pac, where are they at? And only get one off answers. Like, well, we've had to do something here. We can't, All right. I come here to, to share the truth. I I, I'm, I'm just not BSing anymore. I mean, I just can't, I, I don't know what every I, but I can't tell you where all 480,000 of those people are. I can't tell you.


Now here's the interesting issue. You were in the military, you were in the SEAL team, you know, if you went to your commander or you went to your headquarters head, they could actually look down a list. They could pull every base, they could pull every unit. They could pull everything and by the line item tell you who was assigned where and what their billet number was, what their pass number was, and everything else, you would know exactly where they're at. I do not have an HR system that allows me easily to do that. Think about that for a second. Let that sink in when all these other issues we're talking about is out there. So I can't even, at this point now, I'm working on it. That's been one thing where I've already hit the ground running.


I've got some people that are helping. We're gonna try and fix that pretty quick because if I don't know where they are, then this organization is functionally not ready for, for action. It's just not. And you've got a lot of things. We, I mean, we've had organizational structure at the, you know, cutting bureaucracy at, at the, in the, in the management level in Washington. And across the, the, the plaintiffs is gonna be something, was one of the first looks we're gonna be, I don't need six people. I mean, it'd be like, I'm, I'm trying to put this in maybe ways that your guys will, and foot and gals will understand and watch this podcast and listen, it would be almost like having in one unit, having six in from Air Force having six shirts in one unit.


Which one do you go to? Who do answers to who? And then also having two or three chiefs above the six shirts to say, well go get that approved. Go get that approved, go get that approved, go get that. Oh, and then by the way, we'll have to go find the, we'll get the wing commander to sign off off. So from an Air Force potato, it's just bureaucracy layers. Some of these were started for real reasons, you know, that hey, we need to manage our, our like central, our vision care, which is these our bishop division, but they were supposed to have 20 and 30 people. Now some of 'em have three and four and 500. They just grow for the sake of growing. But not nobody has called it, like, I'm trying to call it now in a real sense of a way, is to say, what is our return on investment?


Are we helping a veteran? Is the veteran being helped? Not a, a press release from the hill, not a bill that says you're think you're doing something, but are we actually doing stuff that allows the veteran choice? By the way, the Mission Act, what we talked about is to let you go out in the community. We're gonna pay for that because you've earned the benefit. We're gonna make it to where you can go out into the community and get the care you need. But yet, over the last previous administration, there was, we have documented it, and we're gonna be rolling out more of this, where we saw basically an a turn toward de incentivizing and actually keeping veterans from getting the care they need. Even if it meant waiting longer. Sean, this is this, this, the more I dig, the worse it gets.


And we're just, we're right now making sure that we're starting to get out so that we can have a whole new culture shift to help the people we're supposed to be helping. How is that gonna work? How's it gonna, how do, how do, how do I do that? How do I use the VA to pay for my community healthcare in the civilian market, If you meet, if you meet certain criteria, like distance and time especially, what it was designed for is, especially those who are away from a VA health clinic or VA or a, or a center that where they can get it quickly. What they can do is you, is a real simple checklist to see, you know, do you qualify that you, and most you do in different areas, especially specialty care. And then you, the here's where I don't like some of this and I've not liked it for years.


One, we have a third party administrator, which we're actually looking at, anytime you put another third party, anything in there, it tends to, to bog the system. They're supposed to be finding community doctors. They're supposed to be finding the system where we send them to the VA technically still has a sign off right now where you see a VA doc and they say, yeah, we, we agree. And then he sent them. That's becoming a little bit of a problem because we're seeing, we've seen some issues in which the furs were not happening. Okay. So again, I'm, I'm digging into this. It's not everybody, but I'm seeing it enough to develop a pattern here. You see it, you know, randomly you might think no, but when you start seeing it enough, there's a pattern, the of, of what I call abuse of the law, basically. So you get that and then you go and then, you know, it's turned in, it's paid for just as if you were going to, you know, through the VA system itself.


So these are out there, these part have been there with Mission Act gave that it expanded that, but you gotta also use it. I mean, I can give you the best rifle in the world, But if you don't know, if you don't use it, it's just useless to you. Well, I think a lot of, I think a lot of people don't know how to use the VA system. I'm one of them. Yeah. I mean, and I wanna get into this later, but I mean even, even just to get the, the initial to get the benefits to go through the, the doctor's appointments to, you know, oh, my shoulder's messed up. I got tinnitus, I got TBI da, whatever, all those, what do they call those? The initial appointments? The Consults? Yeah. Yeah. The, the consults. Initial consults, yeah. You know, a lot of vets, they don't even know how to get into the consults or then you get in the consults and it's almost like a damn interrogation.


And it's like, like, I'll give you an example. They denied my tinnitus, dude, I'm a Navy SEAL. I shot a lot of guns. I blew a lot of shit up. I've seen a lot of combat. I have fucking tinnitus. Yeah, sorry lady. I don't know, like what the hell you're talking about. You can't even test for that. Just gimme the tinnitus. Look at my service record. They deny it, you know, and then I gotta go find, then I got introduced to this woman, Peggy Matthews, veteran's Advocacy Service. She's like probably 80 years old. Runs it is is like an angel to me and my guys because she's the one that can right. Take our package, turn it into something and somehow, some way she gets it fast track through the VA.


But for us to like try to navigate Yep. The Veterans Administration, it's, IM, it's impossible. Why should we have that, Sean? Think about that. Well, that's what I'm asking. Yeah. Well, and, and, but I, but I'm also bringing it back is if someone, you know, look, I what I, you know, looking ahead in five weeks of sitting here doing this job, I, I have been seeing the exact same, asking the exact same questions and say, why is it you have to have a VA whisperer, so to speak, to, to get what should be honestly yours to stake and, and, and to, to take part in. Okay. You're exactly right. I mean, right now as we look at this, this is the concern that a lot of us are having, but how many government agencies are like this?


Think about it. You're supposed to pay your taxes. I'll just use another. The IRS, you're supposed to pay your taxes, but yet you call the i the IRS hotline and they can't answer your questions. The very ones who will put you in jail for not paying your taxes can't answer some of your basic questions about how to file your taxes. Well, as we get into the, the process of the VA and we, and I, I was just with local VET center here, and one of the things I asked him, I said, tell me something. Let start telling me, getting up to me. Tell me things that hinder veterans from getting the benefits or, or being a part of this system. Tell me what in our paperwork process, what in our, our, our, our setup is causing us problems.


Because here's what we are seeing though, to those, unlike some experiences you've had, especially a number of years ago, But it, what we're seeing today, there's been an improvement, is that once they can get through the system, we're seeing general satisfaction rating among veterans of, of different generations saying, okay, this may not be, you know, they like the care, they may not be what I want. And it may not be for everybody, but 80, 90%, you know, saying, Hey, I, this is, this is okay. I'm getting what I need, or the benefits of getting their package. But getting to it has been our problem. Getting us through that front line to say, this is an agency that, that is open. Look, I I don't have my phone with me right now, but if I had my phone with me right now, you, I bet your private insurance.


I know my, I know my healthcare with my wife, who I've been on state health in Georgia forever. I can right now pull up on my phone, all my prescriptions, my doctor's appointments. I could talk to my doctor if I wanted to. We don't have that. We don't. Why is the largest? And here's the other thing. We are the largest healthcare system in the country by far, by far. Now there's a couple of privates that like to say, they're close. I have 170 hospitals over almost 1500 clinic C box clinics. And that's not counting the mobile stuff we do and everything else. That's how massive this organization is. Okay? And they've all run on siloed issues. I heard an issue today that was about, you know, just simple things as transportation.


Well, and when the, they were asked for help, they said, well, that's not a VHA issue, which is our health side. That's a VBA issue, which is our benefit side. Well, I'm here to say I'm the secretary of all of you. We're gonna start acting like we're one company and not three companies working in the middle. And we're gotta, and, but, but again, Congress has, has facilitated this. Some prior administrations have facilitated this. Because here's the thing, Sean, how many times do you run across somebody who wasn't a veteran? And especially in, in public life, if they're not a veteran and they run for office there, it's hard for them to have honest questions to a veteran or to veteran service organizations, which may or may not have the interest that they need to be promoting or another organization.


And they say, well, and I had a gentleman on the floor of the house one time and good friend, good guy, never served. And there was a, an issue on the floor and it was wrong. It was just wrong. I mean, we should be doing it differently. Okay? There's a budget item. And I said, you know, and I went to this person and I said, 'cause they're very vocal. And I said, you know, this is wrong. We shouldn't be doing it this way. This should go into the budget. It shouldn't be done separately. This is the way we should be done. And I'll never forget. And it just, it just floored me. The person looked at me and he said, Doug, I know that. He said, but I'm not a veteran.


And he said, I can't have somebody attacking me as being ba as being against veterans. Sean, think about what he just said. He was willing to make a bad vote because he was scared of the political fallout of being seen as against veterans. We've seen this consistently with policy that comes out of Congress for the VA. We've seen it consistently in situations where the VA they will pass budgets and then complain about it. 'cause that's the way you do it. We have veteran service organizations that, that honestly at times seem more at war with me and the VA than they do their, their membership.


Now they're good people. I'm not trying to throw them under the bus. That's not what I'm trying to say here. But if, if your only way that you satisfy your membership is to say, we fought the VA and won. Huh? We're on the same pa we're supposed to be on the same page here. We're trying to help veterans too, but we can't have adversarial roles to fix the problems that you're talking about. 'cause when we do that, we're just simply going in circles. It's gotta be an all in approach. Lord willing, Donald Trump's here. I know I've got hopefully four years to do this, but I really got 18 months. My mission is about 18 months to get in to start making the transformational process, to take the generational change that Donald Trump said he was gonna bring to dc.


And I saw him just the other day. He, I mean we, he and I talked last Friday and, and he said, he said, what about my, you know, and he brought up the community care. He brought up all our, all the folks being able to go out and get the choices they need. And I said, sir, we're working on it. And I said, but I got some problems. We're gonna, I need your help. He said, you know, whatever, do, we'll, we'll take care of it. But these are the kind of generational change we gotta have. And so now one of the things we're experiencing is you mentioned how much we have. Well, we had a, across the board, a reduction in force is what it's called, a riff. Now, the interesting thing is the, the, the legacy media, liberal media, the unions are all going nuts. How can you cut this money outta the federal government? The federal government will never survive if we cut 15% outta the workforce. Well, bill Clinton and Al Gore in the nineties cut 13 to 14%, or 12 to 14% outta the federal government.


Several hundred thousand jobs. Nobody griped. And by the way, we're still 20 something years in the future, almost 30. The government not only survived, it got bigger again. So what we're looking at now is how do we do this? And we go into systems that are broken and take out the, the, the layers that don't need to be there. The things that are keeping veterans from getting the benefits they need, that they've earned, keeping them from healthcare, keeping them from going into the community and getting the care that they need, getting access to, to new treatments like psychedelics or other things. We need to get that, the, that funding that's been there to fund positions and worry about funding veterans healthcare and worrying about funding veterans benefits.


If we can do that, then I, we've got a chance. But what we've got right now is a system. And I have actually some Republicans and Democrats and some other organizations that are simply saying who will, who look on their own web pages or websites and their statements. The VA is too much wait time too long to do this and broken. But yet I've had, I've seen quotes and tweets. Secretary Collins needs to be careful on how he does the, you know, reorganization of the VA. It needs to to be more structured and more, or don't, or, or better yet, some actually said we don't need to get rid of anybody at the VA. What that's basically saying is, for 10 years, GAO has said, we're on high risk that we can't get rid of bad employees.


By the way, did you know that when we had the president sign a bill accountability act back at the end of his term and we fired, there was almost 4,000 people fired at the VA for stuff like showing up drunk in the, or doing other things. We fired them. Guess what? The union and others had lawsuits. And when Donald Trump left office, basically the Biden administration threw some series of, of bad judgment, just basically quit and said, we'll bring 'em all back and give them back pay whether they came back or not. This is the kind of problem we're dealing with, Sean. It's not an easy, just get your, you know, head outta your rear system.


We've got to actually make structural changes so that number one, we can get rid of the bad hire good. And put a culture in that the veteran is first. I've said it every day, I have been in this office and I've not taken a day off really yet. So how do you plan on, how do you plan on leaning that process out for these guys to get Benefits? It's gonna be the in here's where we're starting right now. We're starting a process using career employees, others in the system to say, okay, where, because we're under this to, to mandate to get the the fad out, and then we can use that money to redirect. We've already redirecting over $500 million right now that's in the process being redirected towards suicide, which by the way, I wanna talk about, you need to hear what's going on there and you're not gonna like it.


But I, you need to hear homelessness the same way. We're redirecting that toward prosthetic care. We're redirecting it toward community care. We're redirecting that money. All that money was sitting out here that was, you know, for PowerPoint and meeting notes kind of stuff that we were doing is now going back to the, to the veteran itself. We're gonna have to, as we go through looking for this reduction in force, we're gonna take out folks that are not forward facing when it comes to veterans health. In other words, it's amazing to me. And I don't know if you've read just recently the paper, we let 2,400 people go about two weeks ago, three weeks ago, and all of a sudden, wall Street Journal, New York Times, all the legacy media, the Hill senators and others, union members, Collins is killing healthcare.


Collins is gutting the VA Collins is is calling it. And then they'll say, well, and they'll find somebody who said they had their surgery that was, was put off or that their appointment was rescheduled. None of the people, the people we fired were publicists, interior designers, laborers. I mean, this is what we're talking about here. How has your surgery been put off? Because an interior designer was laid off. It wasn't, it's a lie. But what we have is, you know what's interesting though? If you'd gone back to January 15th of this year and that same surge would've been put off, it would've never made a headline. Yeah. Because now we're doing something. So now we just gotta start trimming those out. Forward facing with the healthcare, with our benefit side are not go, that's not the heirs we're looking at.


We're looking at, I think somebody told me the other day, think about this. We have almost 16,000 contract agents, contractors, all they do is contracts. 16,000. Really, let's take a look and see if we need 16,000 contract agents. Let's see if we need five and six levels of bureaucracy in some of these situations. And instead, take those money, redirect it back to where it needs to go, then you're gonna be able to get, you know, quicker access, then you're gonna be able to cut. Oh, by the way, I'm also gonna look at, you know, if we can, if there's 10 sheets of paper for you to get in, let's see if we can do that with four sheets of paper. Let's see if we can ask better questions and get better results.


Let's talk about the suicide. Do, what do you wanna say about that? Whatever we have been doing for the last five years, for whatever good there was, and there's been some, explain to me how in the past five years, six years of budgets, we've spent approximately $15 billion. And the numbers is, is basically unchanged. We spend $588 million, 588 million on preventive supposed suicide. We spend 2.3 billion in what we'll call treatment of either the mental aspect has health aspect of that, you know, issues that they've had with hurting themselves, other things like that.


2.3 billion, so $3 billion total roughly in suicide. And yet our numbers are not changing. Sean, we go from a low, about 63, 6400 up to almost 7,000 a year. Now you may mention earlier of what's the real number? That's a, that's arguable debate. And I've heard this, you know, from others. It, it actually may be 25, 30 depending on how you classify overdose and how you, or, or also frankly, in rural communities. I grew up in a rural community, suicide is something you don't talk about. And you get, you get some of these medical examiners and coroners in these smaller counties, you know, they may not, they, they'll call it accidental or something else. So we may not know because it's just that stigma of, of suicide that's attached.


So what I'm looking at here is, is what's actually working. What we're doing, frankly, in just all fairness, ain't working. You can't do that much this long and say it is working. So what we're trying to do now, and what I'm beginning to do is I wanna know why that 588 million's going for, I wanna know what are we supposedly doing to, and don't just tell me you're putting a a Facebook ad out there. Don't tell me that you're, you know, running, you know the call the crisis line number out there, you know, which are all fine and, and good, but where are we at actually hitting to the members who are listening to your podcast, who have no want to, to go to the VA? Because here's the other part of that, whether the number's 17 or the number's 24 or even higher, the statistics are pretty good that say that 50% of those folks have never been touched by the VA.


50%, that's just unacceptable.


Rates have dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of us are struggling to keep up with everyday bills and you're reaching for the credit cards to pay for all of it. But homeowners listen up, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is, there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And if you're carrying a balance every month, you're stuck in an endless cycle. Break free today, call American Financing and see how much you can save. And if you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American financing.net/ss.


Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. More than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the meeting of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College's free online courses. I've talked pretty openly about my return to faith on the show, and Hillsdale offers some incredible courses to help discover the Bible's profound lessons about fatherhood, the nature of sin, and the consequences of sin on both a family and a nation. Their online courses are self-paced, so you can start whenever and wherever. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/srs to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss.


Part of the reason I do what I do is for my family, I want to leave them a better country than the one I was born into. I also wanna make sure they're taken care of financially. And that's why I make it a priority to help protect the money. I've worked so hard to earn and save. And one of the ways I do that is by diversifying into gold and silver. Precious metals have been a store of value for thousands of years, and they are known as a hedge against market risk and inflation. If you're interested in learning about how precious metals can help you, you should reach out to my partners at Goldco. They're an amazing company. They support this show, and I trust them right now. They're offering a free gold and silver kit. All you have to do is go to sean likes gold.com. You'll also learn about a special offer to get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver for qualified orders. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. S-H-A-W-N likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours.


So my, one of the things I'm starting and starting right here with you. I'm starting with other things that we're gonna be doing. I'm trying to reach that veteran who's sitting out there who's saying, you know, screw the VA. I went over there one time and they didn't even treat me like I was human. Or they, or that was their perception. You know, look, everybody's got a perception and you know, that may be your perception that you wasn't treated well. It may have been a bad day for them, bad day for you. But then they're sitting in there in their home and they're self-medicating, or they're, you know, going off doing destructive things. They're gonna end up to the point where they don't see a reason to go on. But if they listen to your podcast, if they listen to somebody, I'm gonna sit here and say, look, folks, you know, let's get help.


Let me send, send somebody. Go to an organization you trust. Call your battle buddy. Call your airman. Call your wingman, whoever it is. We gotta get outta this stigma that is, that we don't touch people that are saying they have problems. I mean, think about your friend that you just talked about. He's not gonna run out in the front yard and say, Hey, I'm here. I'm really not able to function today. They're not gonna do that, but we gotta find them. We gotta hit ways that people like his wife and others have the ability to reach out to somebody and say, here's real ways we can help. And get back to the simple fact of, Hey, are we actually treating this as what it is? And that is a serious condition brought on many times by things that were out of their control, or what they saw or what they did.


I was in Nashville today at National Songwriters Association, some folks I've known for years who write country music. So they write songs all over the, the world for, for stuff. You hear on the radio all the time, and there's a, a couple of organizations that work with veterans, American Song, there's some others where they get veterans together and who have had years of not being able to express themselves, not being able, they feel isolated and they get 'em down. They start talking with other veterans and they start writing a song. They say, write a song and it, and they show them and talk to 'em about how to do that. I had a veteran today who told me, he said, been married 50 something years.


He said, I was in Vietnam. He said, I never, my wife never hardly knew anything about what happened. He said, I just, he said, I just didn't talk about it. And he said, 10 years ago, somebody finally got to me. And he said, I sat down and I wrote this song. He said, and it was not the song itself, it's the, it is the action of putting it on paper. And he says, now I'm able to talk to her. I'm able to release that. There's another gentleman, this was a Vietnam. There's another gentleman there who, again, his, his kids. And you, you know the saying, how, how many times have people wanna say, tell me a war story, Sean, tell me, tell me what you did. Tell me what's cool This guy was saying, he said he didn't wanna talk about it. And his kids would ask about, what granddad dad, what Are you doing?


And he couldn't talk about it. He got in this position and a power of a song where he wrote down what happened him at Tet way back when, when he saw his buddies burned up in a tank. When he saw that. And you could see it as if it was today in his eyes. But then he was able to say, if you wanna know it, then listen to this song. Listen to the words that I wrote down. That's a totally different way to look at this stuff. We've gotta reach the veteran where they are. And if it's hunting, let's take 'em. You know, let's, let's match 'em with a, with somebody that, that can talk to them and get them out on a, a duck blind somewhere.


Or get them out in the field. If they can't, if they wanna do exercise, let 'em do that. Or if they just wanna sit and get coffee, or they want to, you know, go have a beer, do something. Instead of just funding $588 million on programming, let's see if our program is actually being effective. I'm just not gonna sit here. I may do a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong in the next few years, but I will tell you this, I will not sit here for the next four years and spend that amount of money and do the same damn thing. I'm just not gonna do it. How will you know if it's working? We'll see if my numbers go down, I'm gonna see how many people are responding. I'm gonna see if we're reaching people that we've not reached for. Because if we're starting to touch them, then we're gonna start seeing them in, into our systems.


In our, I'm looking to use nonprofits, by the way, I'm non-discriminatory here. I don't care if they, they come to the VA or not. I want 'em to come to the VA 'cause we got resources of help. But if they're willing to go to a nonprofit somewhere, if they're willing to go down to their church somewhere, but they heard about it from this weird guy from Georgia who happens to be the secretary of VA to say, go get help, it's okay. Then we're gonna see our communities put back together better. We're gonna see people and families come back together. You're gonna hear it from your buddies. I'm gonna hear it from mine. Because those people, we hear about 'em, but they're not getting help that they need because it's so quiet. I'll use an example for you. My daughter has spina bi. She was born, she's 32 years old now.


If she were to come in here and she roll in in her little chair, she would, she'll knock socks off of her. She's got a smile. She, she's never walked in her life. I mean, you know, I've watched her not experience the quote normal, you know, going on dates and getting married and all that. I just, you know, I've watched it broke my heart for her. She just gets up and goes every day. She goes to work five days a week. She works at a hospital. But if you were to come in here, or we were to take her over here to the mall, people would come up to her and they'd feel sorry for her. They'd try to help her. They'd try to open a door. They'd try to, you know, help her get to what she needs. But if I was to stand up in that same mall and say, folks, I don't know what's wrong, but my mind's broke.


We don't, we don't look to open a door for that person. We don't look to, to run to them too much in our time as we're moving away from them. We've gotta change the whole scenario here, especially in the VA and our veteran community for, for brothers and sisters who we served with, they've gotta know, it's okay. You're not going to Be wrong in reaching out and giving somebody some help. And the person who needs the help needs to see somebody willing to sort of run the mile with 'em. If we can get that, that's how I'm gonna see results. That's how I'm gonna see bottom line. That's how I'm gonna see that our VET centers are, are getting some, maybe some more people, or I'm gonna hear it in the community. I'm gonna see it in our judges who are actually seeing these people in front of 'em because they've crashed their car while they were drunk.


They've, they've gotten to a domestic violence situation because they didn't know who they were hitting and they were hitting their own kid. This isn't playtime anymore for me, Shawn. We've got to seriously deal with this in this country, and we gotta deal with it with our veterans. So for me, that's the way I'm gonna hopefully see it play out. Did I hear You say that you planned on using nonprofits to help? Yes. I'll use anybody that's willing to help. I'll use anybody willing to help if that's a vs. O on the big six VSOs or any of the other. If they're willing to get in the game and help and try new ways. I'm, I'm ready to help. I'm ready to use nonprofits. I'm ready to use somebody that's willing to come in and we'll, we'll work the barriers and we'll do whatever it takes to get there.


Because here's the situation. We're looking at a generation that's, that is not functioning the way we did 20 years ago, even 10, 15 years ago. Because they're more influencer driven. They're more socially media driven. They're more, you know, we just saw that in the last presidential election that the Donald Trump won because he reached voters who nobody were going after. He was speaking to them on platforms that they had never been, they had never heard before. So why would I not use things like this? Or, or, or nonprofits who were, you know, and, and I could name the many, but I wouldn't wanna forget anybody.


I mean, you got all a lot of 'em out there that are putting good money to the actual end putting, you know, lead on the target, so to speak, down range. And they're using very little of it for administrative cost. And, and, and we don't do that. So if you've got organizations that are, have always been doing it, they wanna try new ways, I'm all for it. But you've also gotta be willing to get in and dig a little bit and know that you don't always have all the answers. I Mean, as far as care and some of these other treatments that we're talking about, I mean, is there any way that the VA can partner with somebody other than, other than, I don't know who you guys partner with, the American Legion. We, we, we, we listed a whole bunch of 'em that the modern day war fighter veteran Yeah.


Does not use anymore. They're all using, we are all using mom and pop nonprofits. Yep. So I brought up, you know, how Are You guys gonna get, how, how Are you gonna get people into the VA system more and get 'em to their, to their initial appointments where, where, where they get their disability. Yep. Is it gonna be, it sounds like it's gonna be very bureaucratic and hard to push through. So is is there a way to get nonprofits, like veterans advocacy services? Yeah. Some type of a grant or give the veterans some type to where they can, they can, Hey, Peggy knows the system.


Yeah. She can get guys through, she can help guys through, she can, I mean, is there a way that the VA can partner with these smaller mom and pop I think, Organizations and fund them so that they can get a bigger team and, and, and, and to get more vets pushed through? Yeah. I, and look, and I think one of the things here is, is that you doing that in such a way that encourages good, you know, work. Now, look, some of our VSOs, they offer, you know, free help will get you through, and I'm not criticizing that in a situation, but many times they're willing to go through a situation. Why are we having to use so much help? I I'm actually attaching it, hopefully attacking it at a different end.


Why do we need, as I said earlier, the the VA whisper, why can't we do this easier? But until then, until then, yeah, I'll, I mean, I'll look at any way I can to help organizations that are helping veterans get the, the services they need without having to join an organization, without having to do anything else. Just get what they have, have earned. And also, I can tell you why, okay. Because it's like I mentioned before, nobody trusts the VA, right? When they go to somebody like Peggy, she's like a protector. Guys like me got just about everybody that's been on the show that's been to work. They trust her. They know that she's gonna protect them through that process.


They know that if, if something goes bad, Peggy's got it. Yep. You know what I mean? That's why that's happening. Yep. And that's where we gotta start rebuilding trust in a system that has for, I can't explain this enough, the frustration I have with a lot, a lot of people, I have 480,000. There's, there's many, many, many, many dedicated people who want to help our veterans, period. Okay. They are, I I, I promised them as secretary of VA that they will not have a better, you know, advocate for the good work that they do. And to, and to do it right, to fight, you know, to make sure we're doing what we need to do. But I'm also not going to tolerate status quo. I'm also not gonna tolerate, you know, lower standards.


We're gonna have higher standards. We're gonna push this up. But at the same point in time, it's, it's, it's going to take a holistic look at everything that we're doing. It can't simply be how do we fix the third party helpers here? How do we fix the system itself in instead of, instead of us, me having to hire a driver to get me to the grocery store because I don't know how to drive, how about we make it better where I learn how to drive myself. And I think that's gonna be, and look. But, but again, there's gonna be parties in equities that, that's not the way they've done it. That's not the way they do their business model.


Because if they have people that come to them, they either, you know, get help from outside agencies or other stuff. I'm finding a whole different world that I'm just getting into the background of, of how they, you know, how we're working this stuff. And folks, if you've earned a benefit, take your benefit. You've earned the benefit. But also there's a lot of other more encouragement to go back and go back. And I think that frustrates a lot of veterans. And you've heard this like I have, I want it to be known. Veterans are not victims. We're not, we chose, we went into the profession, we done that. And, and now we're, we're many of us, and you and others, you've talked about, we, we may have conditions now we may have stuff that have cost us in, in that time of service.


And that's why the system was set up is to say, okay, we're gonna do something. You know, the history of the, of the VA was really set up for our veterans who were outside of cities and outside of, of areas where there were not hospitals. The VA was set up because we had so many coming back in from World War. And then of course, you know, as it expanded through World War ii, that wasn't in areas where hospitals were. So that's how this sort of all started. We just sort of lost our roots a little bit because it's easier just to say, well, it's, it's, it's for the veteran, so let's just throw some money at it and let's throw some more people at it. And, but then let's legislate it to death that it can't get outside these boxes because we wanna make sure that we're still in control.


That's a big part of government issue that we have of not just the VA, but a lot of agencies. So how would you partner with the nonprofit for that? Well, I think there's ways that we can look at that I'm exploring right now. We, we can profit, you know, you know, do things together. We can, you know, I can, you know, say, look, you know, this is a group that I, you know, that we're meeting with. What's your ideas? Bringing those ideas to me, I've already met with several that are saying, you know, well, like we have an example right now that is coming out. And without getting into deep, you know, details of that, you know, that that need, we've had, they've had issues with data collection, they've had issues with stuff, and it should be something we are, should be willingly be a part of.


And for some reason, the VA is al is is chose to be a stumbling block there. So it's like, well, I'm now looking at that and saying, no, let's, let's see if we can remove those stumbling blocks. Let's get the data we need. Let's, let's, let's make sure we have this out there so that, you know, we get good answers. Then there's also ways, again, as we look going ahead, is there ways that we remove some of the bureaucratic structure, find ways to then partner with, as you said it, could it be through a grant? Possibly so, or other ways to help other organizations help us get better. That's my goal. I don't wanna, I don't wanna simply put out this idea that we need to, you know, a whole nother layer. You've had VSOs out here helping forever and you've had all these others now just bringing a sort of another layer because this group trusts this group better than this one.


Why don't we actually look at the root cause if you came to me and, you know, my ha my fingers were turning blue and, and I was having, you know, I was tingly and for some reason it looked like a circulation issue. Well, the problem we've had lately is, is we just put your hands in warm water or we get 'em warm and we, we rub on 'em and then they get the circulation back in 'em instead of realizing maybe there's a heart problem here, maybe we're not pumping well. Well, I wanna get back to the question is, is, is the VA heart pumping? Right? Are we putting things into place that help the veteran and not hinder the veteran? And are we getting to a place, and I said this in my confirmation. I said, I want us to become a place instead of init to where we're reactively no to a, to a reactively.


Let's get there. Yes. Where we're actively saying, instead of saying, you know, I'm not sure we can, to say, I think there's a way, we've gotta have that mindset difference to say, look, you have benefits, you've earned, you've had healthcare, you've earned, we're here for a reason, but we're not to make it harder. And that's, I think that's become the adversarial system that nobody sort of talks about here. That it makes it seem, and again, perception before anybody listening to this and screams, oh, that ain't the true world. No, it doesn't matter what I think you think or any other group thinks. When the perception is it's broken, when the perception is it's bad. And when the perception is I'm gonna get told no, then that's the reality. Perception is reality to veterans.


And we gotta break that pro. We gotta break that cycle. What about nonprofits for treatments? There's a lot of nonprofits out there that have, that have great treatment programs that are proven to work, you know, like I had mentioned. Yep. That's, that's, that's, that's probably the biggest one that I know of that's doing psychedelic stuff. There's Tom Satterley, he's a former Delta guy's, got the all Securus Foundation, very therapeutic experience. They lots of coaching that's been working. I mean, is there, is there a way where, because it sounds, look, I get it. Like you guys can't just be like, oh, we're doing ICA treatments now. I, I realize that's gonna be, that's gonna be an act of Congress and the senator, however it works to get that through.


But you know, maybe there's a way where, where the veteran can a look, maybe there's a voucher program or something where the, where I want to try this nonprofit and maybe maybe those nonprofits get, There's some certificated, there's some something to go through a process. Yeah. Some kind of certified from the VA in the, in the in and the VA says to the veteran, I'm not going to give you the money, but when, when you go to vets, when you go to all secure foundation, when you go to Veterans Advocacy services, when you go to any of these nonprofits that are approved, look, you want, you want psychedelic therapy for your term traumatic brain injury.


We're gonna give you the voucher you pick which, which, which nonprofit you want to use it for. When they, and then they email in some kind of a document that says, Hey, we sent this person down. I mean, that would just, that would streamline it so fast. Because then those, then those nonprofits don't have to focus so much on fundraising. So they can get these guys down there and women down there to do these things or, or, or their therapy or their whatever. And then the VA pays that voucher. Yep. Is that a possibility? I think it's a possibility. I think everything for me is on the table right now. And that doesn't mean everything's gonna get approved. That doesn't mean that it's gonna happen.


But it for me is I want to say, okay, if we have these possibilities that we're seeing, you know, the, the, the, the mentoring, the counseling, the, the treatments especially stuff like that, that are working, can we partner with that? Can we, you know, what's stopping me in my organization? Either, either policy wise or or statutory wise what the law says I can and can't spend money on that because there is some of that and I'm, I'm never gonna say there's not. But if it's, if it is something we can now try, then, then I'm going, I'm gonna be looking at this and we're going and we've already started talking to these groups to say, how can that be? I'm gonna go to my people and say, tell me what the problem is here. And, and if the answer is, well we, we can do that better in the VA, I'm gonna say, no, no, no, no, no.


You're gonna do what you're doing in the VA, but why can't I have people out here that can go try this? And how do we do it? Tell me, as I've changed, I've changed my entire general counsel, which by the way, we have a lot of lawyers. I've changed their whole mindset and to say, don't tell me no. Tell me how to get to Yes. If I'm asking you to get to a problem, you get me to Yes. 'cause I'm an attorney as well. I can get you to no quicker than you can get me the Yes. Get me to a part where I can take what you're giving me. And so I'll go to our health people and say the same thing. Get me the yes. Don't tell me the standard line. Like, we found out something today. We had to go. It happens almost every day. I have to ask the question, Sean, and this is how, how it gets very frustrating.


I have to ask the question, is this policy from the VA or is it statute from Congress? Because there's a big difference here. Statute from Congress. That's an, that's a, that's our red line. Okay. I can't, I, I have to operate within the law policy I made, I mean, you know, if there's a policy that you can't have ice cream on Fridays, well we made the policy, guess what? You can have ice cream on Fridays. I can change that all day long. So we've gotta now delineate, because many times in the VA, because they're scared of criticism, they're scared of, of what, you know, members of the congress or, or the media or unions or anything would say about them is that they'd much rather just say, no, we can't.


Instead of, well why? And then if you ask them, well the law just won't let us do that. Well, policy ain't law. We can change those kind of stuff. So I'm willing to look at it from, from all angles to see if we can, and, and if it's treatments, then, then I think that's where we're gonna have to make sure that we're operating. 'cause I can't bypass a law that says I can't do X treatment and just give you money to go do it somewhere else. I understand that. I've gotta work that out in Congress and that's where folks like you and others that can help me. And, and also working with Bobby Kennedy over at HHS to get some of this stuff approved in, in different ways, having a president, you know, who would be willing to, to say, look, let's do whatever we can. That's just when it, it is gonna take the, the push of the veterans to say these are the things that are working for us.


Doesn't work for everybody, but at least for these it is working. I hope you're taking this in. 'cause I I am the guy you're trying to reach. Yeah. And I'm, and not only would that work with the treatment, But it would also help build the trust back within the VA because I agree because guys like me don't trust the VA. We just don't. But we do trust Tom Satterley, who is a retired Delta operator. Yep. He's seen it all. He has seen it all. And I know that he has my best interest 'cause he's my friend or my friend is his friend and everybody looks up to guys like Tom or Marcus Capone who's running vets.


Yep. With the psychedelic stuff. It's if, if, if the VA can be an interim and say, yes, we're aware of what they're doing, they're on our list. We have a partnership with him, we want you to do that here. Go. Yep. That that is a, that is a big step in getting guys like me to trust the VA again. Yep. And then hopefully all these nonprofits can go away because the problems solved. Yep. And, and once this shit's all passed through Congress, then, then we don't even need that, those nonprofits anymore 'cause hope, hopefully they all wind up going away because the problem's fixed. But in the interim it's a great way, one, to get the treatment.


Two, to build the trust back. Yeah, I think you're right. And I think that's what I wanna look at. That's why I'm out in the field. That's why we're doing things like this. It at times, five weeks feels like I've been there five years and in five weeks I realize, my god, I've been there five weeks and, and going and I've had in just in that amount of time we've had to deal with our first start of contract looks where we found, we went through 2% of our contracts, 2% and found almost 580 B and 900 a b and a half about b and a half that are contracts that were, were non-mission critical, non-mission essential. That's just in 2%. We've had to deal with that. I've had to deal with the probationary firings, which helped us get, you know, begin this thing, get started.


We're dealing things. And you mentioned it earlier, by the way, we've had the issue of the flags. We've, we've changed that policy so that we're, we're back to one force under the American and POW flags all we're doing. We, we've took the DEI out, we we're doing that today. Even just as, as we're coming on, we changed the policy on transgender. You're not going to be getting your sex changed at the VA anymore if you're currently in treatment. We're gonna continue that what was started before we ever got there. Just as, as the sex deaths did in his side. But because we don't want anything bad to happen to somebody who's under those treatment. But, you know, from this point on, you're not gonna, we're not changing your sex. You're gonna get, we're gonna treat you with respect and dignity if you come to the VA for all your, for your services.


But we're just not gonna be participating in, in changing it your sex. That's not what our, our services are for. And everything that we're taking money wise away to that would take away from money that I could be spending on something else that are helping vets directly. But we're not even getting primary healthcare. That's the things that we're looking at. So we're in the process of doing as much of this as we possibly can. And so we're taking every new idea, I'm taking it back. Our team is starting to process it and, and we're working toward, you know, this end of making it a much more accessible, much more idea friendly if you would VA that restores trust. I'm hoping that restoring trust in, in the VA is me using social media in every possible way I can to tell people what's actually going on.


And this is that coming on your show, doing other shows and saying, going into the media and going on and saying, guys, no, I'm not gonna let let Senators lie to you anymore. I'm not gonna let union members, I'm not gonna let the newspapers and legacy media tell you stories. Which they, by the way can't back up. This is what I've been fighting. I know we're on the, I know we're getting closer to the target because the, because the the, the flax getting a lot heavier because they don't want us on this. Sean, I mean, think about this. If you redo this and get it done in any circle of life in, in the federal government now any other is, if you talk about a problem, you develop a group that says this is my problem.


And then all along, you never really get to solving the problem. Then what you've done is you've built a group that's perpetuates itself on what the problem. So I don't care what group it is out there, if they're not sort of in many ways trying to either put themselves outta business so to speak because they're solved a problem as you said, or they're perpetuating the problem and then claiming they're help for that problem. That's what we're fighting against. And I wanna make sure that we're in a position to where veterans understand that they, at least from the secretary level here, and what's gonna hopefully permeate down through the ranks, is that this is a condi this is not acceptable. Where we are, there's a lot of things we do well and there's a lot of things that frankly the VA does probably better than private healthcare anywhere else.


'cause we just have more experience in it. But then there's a lot of things that we don't, so why aren't we partnering with the community? Craziest story I heard, we actually have hospitals that are sitting across the, the street, literally across the street from, from world class oncology, cancer centers. And we're worrying about hiring cancer doctors at the VA. I said, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. Just send them across the street and contract the care across the street. I don't need to hire the doctor. They've already got 'em over here. But that's the kind of thinking, Sean, that's your thinking when your mindset is organizational and not patient or in our case, veteran centric.


That's the kind of things you get. What was your conversation like with Bobby Kennedy about psychedelics Eye-opening? Because you know, of course he is very, you know, make America healthy again. You know, getting people, you know, getting the food attitudes out, getting those kinds of stuff. And I asked him specifically, we were talking about this, I said, it's psychedelics because he's, he, you know, his agency would have some, some say in some, you know, the studies and stuff on that. And it was really interesting. Bobby starts talking about this and he says, one, he said, I was a heroin addict. He said, putting stuff in your body. He said, for me to, to begin to talk about, you know, having something put in my body to quote fix.


He said, I'm just, he said, I'm just, that's just nowhere close for me. He said, because of my past. He said, but then he wanted to explain a family member of his, his child of his who had an experience using psychedelics that changed his life drastically. And he said, I would've never thought this would've never saw, you know, sort of, I let him, I would let him explain his, the way he sees it. But he said, this is working. He said, I've changed my mind about this because he said, I actually see it happening and see it work. And and he said in my own, you know, flesh and blood. And I think that's the, the part that, you know, for me began to be exciting a little bit.


And to see here's someone who is so sensitive to those issues of medication. And one of the things too is, and I think you see this as well, the answer to people many times if they're having, you know, episodes and just this idea that the ideas that you can medicate them to health is a is is a problematic to me. I just believe it is. And it doesn't mean it, medicines don't work. That's not what I'm saying. I'm not saying go stop your medication. I'm not saying don't give up, but, but is there other ways to help in that regard that can reduce that dependency? And if we can, that'd be great. So Bobby's the same way.


So for us it was, I got a partnership now that he and I are gonna continue to work on from the research side and from the the other also bringing, hopefully bringing DOD involved a little bit in this as well. 'cause that's part of our problem. Sean, we hadn't even really talked about this, the transition from, from DOD to civilian or what we would term VA our site is, is really bad. We don't do this well and we don't, and it's not just the VA health or VA benefit, not just the benefit. It's, it's, we're not giving a lot of our young service members and even old service members, the transition that they need. You know, we send 'em through the programs. We, you know, you do the briefings, you've been there, you know, and, and, and is it really working?


And the answer has to be that probably it's not working like it should because we're seeing, you know, too many people end up in suicidal issues. We're seeing too much end up homelessness issues or, you know, financial breakdowns, marriage breakdowns. Because as much as for those of us in the military who can gripe about the structure, at times you take away the structure and even the the harshest rebel, you know, who, who rebelled against structure. We say I need that structure. So I think that's where it's really changed for me in looking at how we do this and how we go about it. So again, having partners like that is gonna be, you know, whether it be at DOD, whether it be at HHS or you know, with us at the VA is gonna be very important moving forward.


WW What is the, what is the plan like with psychedelics? What is, what is the plan moving forward? How do, how does it get introduced into the VA? What needs to happen? Well, the the first off we're gonna do is, is I'm, and I'm getting this information now, again, this is part of this, I've, I've already had a few who have came in who've actually talked about it, who wanna talk about it some more. And then we got this study that's being done in, in our, in conjunction up in New York. We, I wanna see if we, if there's a possibility to expand that program. Where is it right now? Again, some of this I'm getting, and, and again, I'm not trying to, to be a, you know, anything evasive here. I've got to get the knowledge of what we're doing and what we have not done.


So I'm gonna get that information and see, I know what the program you're talking about, you know, I've heard about it, you know, as well. So let's get data on that. You know, have our people start, you know, reaching out across the board to say, okay, what is out there? Then we've gotta also then take, take that and look at what is the structural limitations that I have? What is the VA structural problems to either entering into a larger study or entering into a trial basis or, you know, basically possibly even, you know, as you said, early voucher funding or whatever that may be. What are my structural limitations that Congress has put on me there? Is there structural limitations that says you can use X dollars for this, but you can't use X dollars for that.


Okay. And then if there is and we find enough evidences in our place to do it, then I'm gonna go to Congress, I'm gonna go to the house, the House of Veterans Affairs committee, I'm gonna go to the Senate Veterans Affairs committee, and then I'm gonna go to the, to the leadership and say, look, these are things that I need changed. Y'all may not be able to agree on a lot of things here, but these are some things I'm hopefully you can agree on. Give me the statutory ability, you know, even if you wanna do it on a limited basis to start off with, I'll, I'll take that so that I can actually start trying. If I find out I don't have some of the statutory limitations, then I wanna know what policy wise maybe hindering this or is there a policy that can make sure that we're working with partners to do this.


Now again, you said it earlier, the fiduciary role I have, I take very seriously. You get close to a VET, you get close to one. And I, and, and Sean, you may have heard me say this already, in this inter in this discussion, I, I call 'em my vets and my employees. I don't do that to belittle. I don't do that. I just, it's just personalized to me. So if you get close to 'em, we're gonna make sure you're doing it right. My fiduciary duty is, I gotta make sure that no matter how great you think your program is, I gotta make sure that we're not opening something up that, that nobody else has seen. And it would, and that's just due diligence kind of thing. So we're gonna make that happen. One of the things that was concerning me, and I'm gonna to sidetrack to what we're talking about here, is there's a lot of residential treatment facilities in the private sector now that because of wait times for some mental health issues that are now popping up.


Okay, I got no problem with us. And, and Congress is sort of backing this up and we're putting some more money in there for it. But one of the concerns is, is have we created a cottage industry for this now because look, money in DC is like water on a pavement. It's gonna go to, it's gonna go to its lowest part. It's gonna find its way out. Okay? So if all of a sudden people here, there's money in this, then they're gonna be, there's always gonna rise to meet that demand. But is that demand always good? No, it's not because they're doing it quickly. They're doing it for the money, they're doing it for the, you know, the possibility. Not every one of them, but probably some. So we're having to deal with that right now in those kind of programs.


And I'm having to deal with our folks to say, are we making sure that if we're using these, are they up to standard that we need to be at? Because we're, if we don't, then we're gonna be giving money to things that aren't working and in the end hurting us in the long run. And I think that's something that I've got to be aware of. So for me, it really goes down to that. That's where we're already starting. We're gonna have more meetings as, as we go about this to make sure we're getting the information and as quickly as possible, start to find those solutions that we, that we can do something with.


You All know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro, does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


I'm always looking for ways to make sure I feel comfortable in what I wear through the whole day. That's even more important when the weather is changing from winter to spring. And true classic helps make it easy. Their active wear is moisture wicking in quick drying. And for spring they have short sleeve comfort knit button-ups that look as good at the gym as they do in meetings. True classic makes premium clothes at an affordable price with shirts designed for your best features with a perfect fit. Their bestselling t-shirts and more come in three, six and nine packs. The more you bundle, the more you save, plus you get free shipping on all orders. A hundred percent perfect fit guarantee and easy returns. So there's no risk whether you're bundling up for the cold or getting ready for spring level up your style with the clothes that actually fit. Right. Just go to my exclusive link@trueclassic.com slash ss to save. That's true classic.com/ss. Shop now and elevate your wardrobe today.


Would advocacy help at all? Yeah. Does it, does it help you to get veterans that have been through X, y, and Z treatments in front of Congress to vouch? Yeah. I I, it never hurts. It never hurts. And to do that, because again, the be I I've said this for years, the best spokesman for anything is the satisfied customer. You know, and, and I think that's the, the part and the recognition that it may or may not be for everybody, but for me, this worked. And so in conjunction with what hopeful we're gonna do over the next few weeks and, and maybe a couple months is seeing what are our limitations. Beginning the process to say, Hey, this has worked for me. I'm not sure where we're at in the process, but Mr. Congressman, Ms.


Ms. Congressman, or you know, Madam Senator, Senator, whatever. I want you to know, this has worked for me. I just want to give you this information. And I would appreciate if, you know, help the secretary find us a way to this. I believe this could help others. That's always a good, I I would never turn anybody down to talk about what they have. I Mean, the reason I'm asking is earlier you're talking about how media is attacking you about this stuff. And so would, would, would, would a hearing with a thousand, I mean, you're talking to the largest veteran Yep. Population in the world right now on this show. And so would it help if there was some type of a hearing at Congress and you brought in a thousand vets that have been through different treat, you know, whatever, whatever you're advocating for change wise to bring in people that have actually, that has actually worked for in front of Congress televised here it is.


Media put this on. Yeah, I think we could. I I think that's something definitely working with Congress and, and working with the, the two committees in particular to, to say as we go forward, here's things that we, we want to emphasize. And some of that's been done a little bit, but I think it could be done more. I'm not gonna downplay that there's not been an interest in Congress about this, but it's not just the VA committee there, it's, it's the energy and commerce, which does a lot of the healthcare stuff and everything else. So there's different ways. But yeah, I think those are definitely ways if we can get partnership with the Congress to say, are there better ways to do this? And, and I think I, frankly, I think it'll be a Republican and Democrat coming together on it. I think you're gonna see both parties be willing to look at stuff that work.


You're gonna have some on both ends who say, no, we're not gonna touch this. Or, or no, this is bad. But you're gonna have enough in the middle to say, well, let's at least listen to it. So I think as we progress in the next little bit with our information and then working with Chairman Boston, the house and the, and the committee and Chairman Moran and the other side to say, Hey, you know, we've got some ideas here. Is this something we could get you to take a look at? We can make sure you have all the, you know, the, the witnesses you want in dealing with this. I think it'd be definitely something. Now I'm not gonna also fool anybody. You start dealing with everybody's sort of piece of the pie out there, you know, non-profits, VSOs, everybody start shuffling.


You're gonna make a lot of people nervous, Sean, because again, you're dealing in livelihood, so to speak with, with stuff that they're doing and how they've done it. And do we need to change and not change? I'm just not, I'm not bought and sold to anybody. I'm bought and sold to the veteran getting the help that they need and not dying anymore. So look, it, it's, this is where we gotta have it and, and, and right now the bigger fights that we've gotta have is getting a structural basis. These are things that we can work on. But bringing it back to where we sort of started this whole thing is I've got to work on getting the VA in the best possible shape it can be to actually do its mission.


And right now we're probably a little more than probably we are heavy and where our allocation of employees are, where allocation and where our contracts have been spent and how the money is being spent and should be spent differently. Those are the things that we're working on very hard right now. But again, when you got Con Congress, who has put this money out there telling everybody it's gonna work, but the reality is it's not. They're gonna be very hesitant to be told that what they did was wrong or to do it better. And so we're fighting those battles right now that are keeping me away from dealing with some of these other issues on how can we, you know, find you in inventive ways to do things.


How can we actually try things that haven't been tried before? So I'm fighting a bunch of battles on different, different levels right now and wherever veterans can help, that's where I, I would love to have them be a part of this, this solution, Man. It's just a damn shame. You know, you got the entire veteran population that's screaming, we need help. This is how you help us. And then you got the fucking bureaucrats that are getting in the way that are slandering, whatever's happening in the media. And it's just, it's, I think that's what makes it so frustrating is we know what we need and we know what we want and we can't get it done because some fucking politician in DC who didn't ever set a foot on a fucking combat, ever never is making the decisions for us and it pisses us off.


Yep. And you know, but earlier you had mentioned about community healthcare. Yeah. How does that, how is it working now and what would you like to see happen? It's, It's not working as good as it should, I believe. And I think this is where we need to make it easier. And I think, and again, I look at this generationally and, and this, you know, and I don't mean to to put everybody in a pigeonhole here, but we're dealing with different generations of veterans. Okay? I still got World War II veterans, I still got Korean veterans, have still have a lot of Vietnam veterans. And then there's a sort of that if you, if you know your history, sort of that lull time, that seventies and eighties, that was sort of the, after the Vietnam, before Gulf War, that is a veteran that is, has a lot of different needs.


They were in a lot of different things, but just there's sort of the quiet veteran, that veteran middle, and then you sort of pick up with Gulf War and then gwa. Okay, think about that for a second. You go from boomers, or not even boomers, you know, you got pre boomers to the greatest generation through boomers, through x through everything else. The the mentality of those generations and how they interact with the VA is very different. And so the issues of the older ones are more attracted to the VA centers themselves. The, the health, the hospitals, the C box, they want that care there. If as they get older, some of 'em can't drive as far, they can't get that health.


So it's, it's more advantageous for them to go to a local eye doctor instead of driving 80 miles to the, to the VA where they've always been forever. That's the help. But then you get into that Gulf War GWA veteran who has visions of the VA from their moms or dads or, or from others from the Vietnam era, which they were, they, they don't want any part of that, but they want still the help, especially if they're struggling with financially or something else. They want to have the healthcare that they need. And by the way, we've gotta do a better job. I'm gonna take a little turn here for a second. We've gotta do a better job at, at preventive health for veterans.


We don't do a very good job at this right now. We we're trying, but I've talked to, to our folks, so like my generation and others that we have the issues of healthcare and mental health, but just the basics of getting our diabetes under control. Make sure we're still eating right. Make sure we're doing the things that run our cost up long term and also take away quality of of life. If we can do that in the, in the VA system, then we're gonna not only save money, but we're also gonna help people, you know, in, in the long run too, from losing fingers, losing arm, you know, especially the diabetic stuff. We're two and a half more times than the average population for, for diabetes. We're much more high pro propensity for hypertension and blood pressure, cholesterol, those kind of things. Those are areas that we gotta fix.


But if they're not willing to go into the VA to get it or have been turned off from the VA as you have, then the community care needs to be accessed, in my opinion, more readily. Now, the first thing I'm getting accused of, Sean, and I can tell you right now, somebody listening right now, they say Doug wants to privatize the VA. No, I don't. VA will always be there for, for folks to get care. And one way or the other, it's always gonna be there. We're not privatizing anything. If I'm paying the bill for you to go to a local doctor that you feel comfortable with and get the care that you need, that's not privatization. That's simply being smart and also following the law. The law says we're supposed to, but yet we've also gotta deal in the realities that in some of our areas, the private healthcare, public healthcare, the public hospitals have as much of a problem with finding doctors and nurses and all as we do.


And so, like I know down in our part of the world where I'm from in Georgia, the wait time for mental health and, and for psychiatry and some of the stuff like that in the private sector is actually longer than it is unreasonably than it is for the, for the VA. So to dump all of a sudden to put a lot of stuff pressure back on communities that can't handle that. Anyway, we've gotta find a balance. That means we have to staff up in areas that helps us get to the points that we need to be. But that's a generational issue. But right now what's happening, and I I'll just tell you candidly, in the last administration, they moved away from that model altogether. They just seemingly turned their back on getting people into the community healthcare.


If they chose it, they were trying to keep all of it as, or as much of it into the VA itself. And, and if, and if people hadn't figured out why yet, I'll, I'll go ahead and break the, the, the, the sad news is because if I keep 'em more in the healthcare, then I can ask for more money. I can keep more people here. Now there are also things that we do that others don't do. And, but that's fine. But when you're keeping them from the healthcare, then you're also putting them at risk that if they're not getting the healthcare out there and they're not coming to see you, then you're not helping them in the way that you should. So that's the way community health should work. That's where our community care program should be. We're gonna get it back to where that is, is more applicable.


And there actually is some legislation right now, both in the House and the Senate to actually strengthen that by reducing some of the limitations to community care so that it's easier to access. That will help us all in the long run, especially our rural healthcare and especially our suburban healthcare. That sort of middle ground healthcare where they're maybe not too, they're not too far from a health VA center, but they aren't close enough and they just wanna be in their community. Ba Sean, how many, how many of our generation wanna drive 90 miles to a center or a CBO that they don't know anybody? And they go in and their peer group is much older than them probably, and they're gonna sit around and say, I'll just go to my doctor down the street, or I'll go to the QuickCare and, and just if I need something or I'll just keep, you know, doing this myself.


Everybody wants to be able to Do that. So that's what we're looking at. So that's what, so Are You saying it will be a choice? You can either go to the VA, it should be or you can Yeah, that's what I've been advocating There. Is there there's choice in there, there's some criteria that's been set up, you know, because again, with the, the mileage and stuff like that, but even in the house and the Senate, they're trying to refine those down to where it makes it easier to get that community care and what we're gonna, what, you know, what I think is a, is a probably the, the result of some of this, and this is me speaking just as I think you're gonna see as it gets better and better with working with the community and working with the VA you'll start seeing a lot more split care. You'll start seeing some for like instance, I want to like say you had orthopedic issues or you have, we've got some great of, some of our medical centers, especially in orthopedic and bone are probably, some, is good if not better than a lot of the, the private hospitals.


They may go there to get an orthopedic issue, but they're gonna go outside to get their cardio, their, their cardiac care, or they're gonna go outside to get their kidney doctor. So you'll have a split model, which is exactly what the, the law envisions. So you don't have to be stuck to one or the other. You get the best care you can at the way that you want it got. But yet we've gotta get to a system in which we take out the middle people, we take out the processes, we get it streamlined into where VA has the control it needs to make sure fiduciarily, we're doing what we're supposed to do, but not the control to where we keep it ourselves. That's, there's a big difference there. There's a big difference in, in signing off and agreeing, this is the condition.


I see this, I'm gonna give this person a referral instead of saying, well, I see this condition, but let's see if we can get 'em back in in two weeks to talk to 'em again. You know, those kind of things. I'll just say this, in the coming weeks you're gonna see some more of this coming out from our office. I would just say stay tuned. It's bigger than what I can even describe here. We got some other stuff coming out and I'll just say, just bear with us there. We're working through this community care issue to overcome what we've had in the last four years. That sounds good. That sounds that real reassuring. What about the burn pits? You know, a lot of, I mean there's all these weird cancers popping up.


Yep. It's like every day I got a new buddy that's got cancer that, yep. Died of cancer that's got stage four cancer. You know, nobody knows what it's from. A lot of people think it's from the burn pits or the, the, the, the vicinity around high explosives breathing in that shit. Especially in Afghanistan, you know, the burning tires to keep warm. We breathed that in. I remember, I remember spitting in the sink and my spit was gray. Right. 'cause I had breathed in so much crap. Yeah. I mean, it sounds like there's something on going on there with the burn pits. Yeah. The PACT act was designed to, to, to address some of that. The, the problem is, is look, the PAC hat was a, was a good step into dealing with this. Look, I'm a burn pit guy as well.


I mean, I was at Ballad every day in our, you know, while I was there. You'd wake up in the morning and when I first got there, I don't know if it's ever your experience. I got there and I was thought, why is it so hazy around here? You know, I thought, I thought it was an environmental, I'd never been in the desert kind of thing. So I thought, but then I gotta realize that. And it was just the con constant flow of the burn air pit area that was going over our bill, our, our hutches over there. It was just what it was all the time. It was there all the time. I remember riding by and you could see it burning. It reminded me of growing up in North Georgia where everybody in our neighborhood had the 55 gallon drums and had the bottom out and you throw your trash in there and you burn your trash.


I mean, I smelled the same smells and worse that I was smelling in the burn pit. That was, that was used to be when we were burning plastics and crap and everything in the, in the trash bin. So yeah, there's, I think there's a lot to go on there. What my concern was is they sort of took this from the nine 11, if you remember, timeframe wise here, we had a lot of exposure. So President Biden at the time got up in the state of the Union, said, we're gonna address this. Well, all of a sudden they threw a bill together, which had been already been worked on, but they sort of threw out everything they had been worked on and threw this bill together that is part good, but also very rushed. Let's just, I'll, I'll be kind today.


Okay. It was rushed and then thrust upon the VA to say, here, do this. Did you know part of that bill? I bet most people didn't know. Do you know that that bill actually requires the VA to test every veteran the test of have, were, Are you near a burn pit? Were Are You near toxic chemicals? Were Are You near, they ask those basic questions that I'm supposed to ask every veteran. I, I mean, there's over 18 million, 19 million veterans in this country. Only 9 million roughly have been touched in any way by the VA. How am I supposed to find the 9 million if they don't wanna be found? But that's the kind of thing that was put in the bill. And I actually asked one, I happened to have be in a meeting the other day with someone who actually wrote that bill.


And, and they, I mean they were nice about it, but they didn't really have a good answer. And there's no way for me to reach these people. So I say all of that to say that's the, the, the con conduit around PAC Tac was that looking for the diseases. Right now we have basically permissively allowed almost, almost every condition under that. That if you have that, it's gonna be found under the PAC Act. And then how treatment goes from there will be just determined on, on what, like everything cancers of the head, which technically there is no such thing as cancers of the head. It's specifics in there. But that we have a terminology of cancers of the head o Okay.


I mean, we've turned that in, in the previous secretary added in, I think it was the previous secretary and I don confirm, but the, these presumptive conditions were added for hypertension and prostate and everything else. Like, okay, I get it. But you know, we're, we're just sort of at this point just say, if you've been near burn pen Are you can answer one of these questions. You're just gonna get healthcare. And which is in some ways burden in the system a little bit. And the benefit side, the disability side of this. But if that's what the intent of Congress to do is just basically give everybody disability checks for that, then, you know, that's what you're gonna have to look at going forward. So for me it's saying, okay, what are the real medical consequences of this?


What can we do to treat this? This was also something I brought up that was Bobby Kennedy and I actually talked about as well on from, but we talked about it from a vaccine perspective, but also some others, you know, is just saying, you know, how can we, you know, look at these conditions and begin to know that what we're seeing and and the treatments are effective to what we have. And I think that's the question sometimes never asked. So for me, I'm having to live with Pac Tac and say, how do we fix it? It's a good thing to get these people in who have these cancers, who have this to make sure we're treating them, getting the healthcare they need in the community or, or with us. So that's really where for the burn pit people and for the Xbox exposure people we're, you know, keeping that commitment.


And contrary to lies, we didn't cut any toxic exposure funds. We actually, A, the Congress just actually added in more money in this latest CR that was just done. So again, I cannot tell you the magnitude of lies that I deal with on a daily basis. Yeah. And now we got a big one coming in too. And, and it, and not a lot, I can tell you as much about this. We're trying to implement that. So the Dole Act, Elizabeth Dole Act, which is gonna deal with, with caregivers at home and, and, and other things that have been building up over time. I'm now trying to figure out how do I do that and process it properly. 'cause some of it we were not funded for. Here's a, here's another trick, you know, and look, I've been in Congress, so I, I participated on, you know, fortunately in this is we passed stuff, but we don't fund it.


And so we just expect the VA, which by the way, you're complaining about how much money we have now, and you're complaining, but now you're telling me to do something that could be literally billions of dollars and I'm having to find the money. So this is, you know, but I'm having, having a ball It sounds like It. Because I believe in what I'm doing. So with all these, these cuts, it's that did, was it 83,000 jobs right now are on the line at the VA there's About 15%. So give or take around, that's what we're looking at. And so that Money that's going to those jobs, that just won't disappear. That will get no, that will get reallocated into something else like healthcare. Yeah. That's what I mean.


That would be what we fight for is to get reallocated. Some will, some, you know, if you get to the point, probably would go to something differently. I'm not gonna say all will just stay in all that will, you know, especially with what we got going on. That might be my preference. But again, also is, is the workforce slimming and the monies that we can spend going to where it needs to go. And I think that's gonna be the big key for us is making sure that, now again, one of the things is Congress again holds the purse strings, you know, in, in actuality they're the ones that pass the budgets and put the monies in there and everything else. So we've gotta make the decisions so that we do have cuts. We do have things that don't continue on in our budgets because the one thing we've not talked about, and we've had senior military leaders and, and others, our national debt national are in deficits, are a national security issue.


And we can't keep going. The way we're going in this, the VA the VA will always be one that's gonna probably be looked at, is to make us as efficient as we possibly can. And we're gonna do that and we're gonna do our part. We, we are already well ahead and, and working that way. But also I have to be, as I've told our staff many times, I've told, you know, worked at the White House and everybody else is, I said, look, we're gonna do in a measured way, because at the end of the day, I'm dealing with people. I'm the only agency up there that has to deal with cuts, but actually also has to look at doctors and nurses and, and families in the face and say, we're taking care of your healthcare. I, no other agency has to do that.


Pete dod is about as close as you know, I would say that comes to having to deal with the, the, the sort of real viral side of people in, in the decisions that he makes. Life or death kind of decision. Where does my son or daughter get sent kind of thing. I'm on the other end of it, into which that it's very, I we gotta be very careful where we make it so that we're not hurting veterans and we're giving them the ability to get the disability benefits or the other benefits they've earned. So we're, I take it very seriously, but do I think we can get a large amount of that number? You better believe it. I do believe it. Because I know, and one of the reasons I know is because everybody that's coming up who's saying, oh, well all the wait times are gonna go up and all the backlogs gonna go up.


Well, I just have four years of proof that tens of billions of dollars and tens of thousands of people didn't solve your problem. So why don't we try it a little differently here? Let's give 'em a better organization. Here's a better thing. Like I said earlier, give me an h an HR tool that actually lets me know how many people I have and where they're at. Give me a computer system that can begin to, to screen disability benefits and others to help the actual person so that we can take the easy ones, the tinnitus and everything. Let's take those off the table. Let's quit griping and going paperwork and paperwork about that. Let's take the Easys off the shelf so that we can get to the harder ones to determine their level of disability. Let's do things with, with AI never taking a human component out of it.


Because there's always, especially with veterans, there's complex cases. So I'm always gonna have the, the, the person there to go through that and make sure that we're getting what we need to, to get. And not overgive, but not under give either. But why don't we use a computer and AI training to actually say, let's do this better and do it quicker. I'm, I'm all for doing things better and quicker, Sean, look what, what's the old saying? Slow is smooth and smooth is fast. That's where we gotta be here. And I'm committed to doing that. I'm asking questions that others may have asked. I'm just gonna be doing it differently because as I've told all our folks, I, I sit here with you as about as content an individual as I can be.


I've had, you know, 59, almost 60 years of life, I've had the experiences of being around the world, sitting with presidents and kings and, and doing things in Congress and, and being with a lawyer, helping people in court standing beside them on their worst day and helping them out. I've, I've had the privilege of pastoring a little church that grew into a little bit bigger church. I've had a wife that's been with me for 36, almost 37 years. We've been together, 38. I have three kids. I'm at the point in my life to where I want. I, I I, I wanna help others get better. I'm at that point, I wanna turn around and say, for all this experience and where I've been, I wanna make sure we're doing something right. I get as much joy out of somebody that's working for me, coming to me and say, Hey, we got this done.


That's the celebration for me because I've really come to the conclusion over years of work in this and believing this one statement that if I help enough people in life get what they want, I'll get what I want. Well, now we are at a place to really make this happen. So for me, I don't know what'll happen if I get to stay for four years in this. I don't care. I get four years to make a difference in the life of my brothers and sisters and war fighters that gave something to this country. And now my job is to make sure that that country who promised them things, who set it up, actually does it. I can't think of a better calling.


And I'll take the, hes, I'll take the slings. I'll go to Congress and have, you know, the other side of the aisle yell at me and tell me I'm bad. That's fine. You come at me. 'cause I'm gonna do the best I can with what I have, with what they gave me. But the one thing about it, Sean, is this, you're not going to kick around the VA anymore without offering solutions. You're not gonna scare my veterans and you're not gonna scare my employees without this secretary calling you out when you are wrong. And I've seen it so much in the last few weeks. It's disgusting. I've had sitting senators lie repeatedly about who was let go.


I've had sending house members and senators lie repeatedly about, as I said earlier, appointments getting put off, surgeries getting put off. Delays are already going up. It's been three weeks when 40, 2400 people who never touched any of those things were laid off. And you're telling me this is a problem. Where have you been for 10 years? When GAO says that we're as screwed up as we have been. Don't tell me that anymore. We may not get everything I wanna get accomplished. I may not be able to help every veteran, but we're damn sure gonna try because it's not gonna happen anymore. Tired of it. Good for you. I think that's the perfect place to end this and pleasure in there.


I hope these changes happen, buddy. I'm looking forward to the folks like you and others. We're gonna help make it out. Perfect. Thank You Appreci. Thank you. Thank you. NBA veteran, Jim Jackson takes you on The court. You get a chance to dig into my 14 year career in the NBA, but also get the input from the people that will be joining. Charles Barkley, I'm excited to be on your podcast, man. It's an honor. Spike Lee, entrepreneur filmmaker Academy Award winner Nixon. So now you see I got you.


But also how sports brings life, passion, music, all of this together. The Jim Jackson show, part of the Rich Eisen Podcast Network. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.