
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's dog of the day, you could get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 Plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration and max wager amount. C terms is sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER


Whenever fifties open on the ves. Paul, that was like whole hell broke loose. I could shoot the guy, but he was not armed. As I'm working with the guy, the cow comes in, Hey, drag to stop. The gro guy. Gro element is moving on the backyard and there are three guys in ambush lanes. I'm going to knock his front teeth out and I'm going to make a necklace out of it. So actually I woke up to him out like very carefully, lift his upper lip and just drove his two front teeth in. Just pulled them out. And Did that affect you at all? No. No. Killing never affected you.


Drago, Welcome to the show. Thank You for the invitation. It's an honor to be here, brother. It's an honor to have you. So we have a ton of mutual friends and I've, I, I've heard about you since I was in the SEAL teams and you just have a phenomenal reputation and I, I can't believe we haven't not crossed paths until today. Well, you know, I was watching you and I watch your channel. I'm subscribed to your channel, but I never thought, you know, some small guy, a little guy like me will show up over here because you know the guests that you have, there's like world class leaders. World class people. So I never, never even thought about it. And here I, here I am.


So I guess miracles happen. Well, Thank You brother for invitation. I would disagree with you. You're definitely not a small guy. So physical bank and we are still 65 years old, but still holding my 65. Yeah, I'm 65. Wow. Well, you know, I mean this is how the show started, you know what I mean? Was was I don't, nobody's a small guy, you know, that we have on it. True. Some people don't have the exposure that, that, that I think that they should have. And you know, when I started this, that's, that's how I, that's how I wanted it to be. I wanted to get guys that have, and women, you know, that have had phenomenal careers and, and, and very interesting life stories and have been through a lot of, just a lot of everything operated at the highest level.


Traumatic experiences and, and how they got out of those. Because I think, you know, somebody like yourself that brings a lot of hope. And, and you know, I mean we're both very aware of what's going on in the veteran community right now. You know, I think we're up to what 40, 40 veterans a day commit suicide. And I think that, you know, this show and, and getting stories out like yours, it it, it puts it on display and it brings, it brings veterans from all walks. An example. And, and it, it just proves that there's a way outta that, outta that rut, you know, in that gap from service and into finding success in the civilian world and, and that they're not the only ones that are going through that kind of experience.


There's a lot of us and, and I'm one of 'em. And I know you're one of 'em. One of them. And pretty much everybody we've ever had on this show from a military standpoint is also one of 'em. And so I've been, you know, I saw when your book came out and I've been kind of watching you from, from afar on social media and I just, I think you're a great person and so it's an honor for me to have you here as well. Thank you very much. It's, it's great to hear it. I appreciate your kind words, just regular person. I'm American, so I want to be like you guys and that's what drives me.


You are like us 'cause you are one of us. I'm one, Right? I'm I'm American. Yes. Yeah. What I'm, before we get, when did you come over? I came in 1984. So How old were you? I was 20, 24, 4 years old. So I was leaving Poland. I left prison when I was 23 years old. And then I came to US Embassy. I asked for help and I was given status of political refugee and flown to the United States when I started my life. The funny thing is I came to America with not knowing English, having no money. I had a 10 Phoenix German VA coin in my pocket and bag of clothes. Wow.


Well we'll get super in depth on that. But to start off, everybody gets an introduction here and a gift. You know, you got a gift coming if you watch the show, but Thomas gi Drago Jaron, you're a Polish born warrior who grew up under communist rule. You spent two years in jail as a political prisoner for standing up to regime that tried to silence you with censorship and oppression. You came to America in 1984 and became a US citizen in 1991. You're a retired US Navy SEAL who served with Seal Team two and Seal Team four. Running over a hundred direct action missions in Iraq is a lead breacher.


You are a recipient of the Bronze Star with V for Ballor. You are the founder of the Navy SEAL Fund giving back to the brotherhood in Connect Zing a platform fighting for free speech. You're the author of the book, The Pledge to America. You're a husband to Rachel who is an Air Force Academy graduate, father of four, and most importantly a Christian and devout Catholic And American. And American and American. So everybody kicks it off with a gift. So those are vigilance league gummy bears.


Thank you brother Made here in the u s A by Americans. You mind if I just open it now? One, yeah. Have Adam, Adam have Adam. Lemme know what You think. I'm all about sweets, you know, like my, I have embargo on sugar and sweet things at home, but since my wife is not here, What do you think? Oh, I love it. Perfect. And then since I found out you're a Catholic, I wanted to give you this so that, do you know Dom Raso? He was at, he was at two. He's my generation. I Know the name.


I cannot connect with the face yet. Yeah, he's A I know what it is, brother. Thank you. I You're welcome. Yes, He's a seal and he, he has these warriors rosaries made and, and he gave me one a long time ago and I carry it everywhere with me for protection. I mine in my pocket right here. This is It, it is beautiful. But Thank You. My But it is also very important. Important for me, for me has a extra meaning too. So I really appreciate it. Yeah, you know, I think that is, you know, I grew up Catholic then it kind of fell out of it, you know, in the seal teams. I think most people did.


And then kind of found faith again a couple years ago. And I'll tell you one thing, I just think the Catholic religion as it right when it comes to protection and, and talking about demonic entities and, and all of that kind of stuff. So I carry mine everywhere I go, but yes, but so I wanted you to have one. Thank you Brother. Dom's been Dom's been a mentor of mine when it comes to Dom. Yeah, Dom, I Know we talking about, okay, okay. I got it now. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah, Dom. Hi Dom. I mean I, yeah, I just like, if you hear it Yes, I know, I know who he's, yes.


Cool. And so before we get to in the weeds on the interview, which I can't wait. I have an a, a subscription account on Patreon and we built it into one hell of a community. I think we're at about 60 something thousand members now. But you know, when I, I was telling you and your wife downstairs, I started this in my attic and it was to, it was to basically shine a light on on veterans who, who've just, who have done amazing things and are doing amazing things now. And back then, when I was in my attic, nobody wanted to touch me. Nobody wanted to fund anything, advertise with me. And so, you know, I needed some income, you know, to grow this.


And so I started a community on Patreon and that community has just carried me all the way from the attic of my house to the amazing team that I have today to this, to this studio that we're in now. And now we're, we're building a 7,000 square foot studio out in the woods. And, and those, that community has just always supported me and always supported our guests as well. And so one of the things that we do is we offer our tier three members the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And you had quite a few questions.


Okay, So this is from Eric Agar. Do you see any parallels between the tactics used by the communist regime in Poland and what's happening in the US today? And then there's a follow on and more importantly, how can the average American recognize and push back before it's too late? Thank you. That's very important question. I'm glad you somebody asked it. So yes, not right now at this point, but in previous administration there was lot of things that to me seems like deja vu from Mar socialist state run by communists.


I'm saying socialist state Poland was never communist country. People need to understand it. Neither was Soviet Union, communist country, nor any country behind iron Curin was ever communist country. They were socialist state, very dangerous, totalitarian socialist states, but they were run by communists. It is, we used, we say right, there's communist state, communist, communist country. But in reality they were socialist state. That's why that the distinction now that is being made that communist was bad. But socialism is good, is very dangerous distinction. And yes, there are many things that happened in, in the last, I would say four years were very, very disturbing for me.


And I talked to my wife about it quite often. Like, so we agreed that something needs to change because we gonna foul fell like Europe felt with the western Europe right now into the private and perversion. What Are, what are some of the things that stick out to you that, that you Yeah, censorship is the first one is, is the big one. It is easy to explain for people who censor that the government doesn't censor you. It's just private organization like Facebook, when I was heavily censored like LinkedIn, I'm still being heavily censored. But the, the, the problem with it is that they're being coerced by the government and this is the, the very disturbing stuff.


You know, like I'm running my own social media platform and definitely I censor people posting anti-American posts. I don't want them here and they are faster than lightning gone from my platform. But I think that that censorship is very dangerous. Branding political opponents as a criminals, as a terrorists is very dangerous. This is the same thing, exactly what I experienced in socialist Poland, run by communism, by communists like my father. So the, the, the censorship also denigrating moral values, denigrating, patriotism, denigrating the family values.


It is important for socialist state to take control of people. But it reminds me the same thing that happen in Poland when I was growing up. There is another thing too I would like to mention. In America people do not understand a very well concept of desensitization desensitization, de des sensit de de deens Desensitized desensitization. Desensitization, yeah. Oh, I could be a president, president Biden, so I'm getting better. But anyway, so they do not understand the concept of desensitization and normalization of evil.


And that's what it is. So first you talk about it, you give the different names, we just benign. And then you enforce the normalize normal, normalize the evil and, and the entire process. I'll give you example with walk. What is walk? Yes, what is walk or if you talk to somebody and tell the teacher is walk, little walk. It's not really alarming. It's just like, look, maybe a little bit strange guy or woman. But if you look behind that word, what it represents, what is, what is what this word walk is hiding that the private and perversion, that whole process takes different meaning for most of the people.


It's different. When you hear my, oh, the teacher is little at work, but the teacher is pervert, that definitely perks your attention and, and say, Hmm, maybe I don't want to send my children to this class. But, so this type of techniques is not well known and described here in the United States. 'cause people were never exposed to evil of socialism and communism on mass scale and, or let's hope it will never happen. But, so those are the the things when I talk the censorship, branding political opponents as a criminals and terrorists attack on moral values, family values, and most important faith. These, these, these things that happened last four years were very disturbing for me because I knew where it leads.


I, I knew what can happen if it, if it continues. So Yeah, you know, I think the, I think the, the other question that Eric had was, you know, how can the average American push back before it's too late? There's many ways to do it. One of them we are the for, for socialists, for the for the evil. We, me you, we are lost generation. We are all, we don't change. They attack our children. And this is what they are after it. So today, nowadays after seeing what is happening in our schools, it is no longer enough for parents to ask child, Hey, you know, how was your school today?


Oh mom, dad, it was really good. Okay, go play. You need to be inquisitive. You need to find out what is the child is being taught, what is being done to him. And you know, they are great schools in America, but also they are perverted schools. You need to intervene. And this is why there is such a big push from the evil side to get control of our children. So we need to take this control back. And if school doesn't let you change the curriculum or perverted teacher, you need to do it on your own. You need to teach your own children. I'm homeschooling my children after I found out that school was teaching 73 genders and other perversion perverted way of thinking to my kids.


So we pulled the kids out of the school. Not everybody has that has meaning have meanings. Not everybody has meanings to homeschool their kids. People have to make a living. They have to work and they work hard. At least you can come back home instead of spending time drinking beer. Maybe you should spend time with your child asking what he's doing and correct what, what school did wrong to your child. This is important. We cannot go, we don't need to concentrate on ourselves. We know our v moral values are pretty much at this age immutable, but our kids are very vulnerable. And we need to be that example for our kids and stand up to, to to to the, the private and perversion thrown our kids in our sum of our schools.


Can you believe it's already spring? This year is going by so fast and life is so unpredictable. But I know I'm prepared to protect my family from the unexpected. Are you fabric by Gerber Life helps you get term life insurance so you can help protect your family's financial future. Fabric by Gerber life is term life insurance. You can get done right from your couch all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than $1 a day Fabric works for me because there's no risk. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@mefabric.com slash sean. That's mefa.com/sean MEET fabric.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


Part of the reason I do what I do is for my family, I want to leave them a better country than the one I was born into. I also wanna make sure they're taken care of financially. And that's why I make it a priority to help protect the money I've worked so hard to earn and save. And one of the ways I do that is by diversifying into gold and silver. Precious metals have been a store of value for thousands of years, and they are known as a hedge against market risk and inflation. If you're interested in learning about how precious metals can help you, you should reach out to my partners at Goldco. They're an amazing company. They support this show and I trust them right now. They're offering a free gold and silver kit. All you have to do is go to sean likes gold.com. You'll also learn about a special offer to get up to a 10% instant match and bonus silver for qualified orders. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. S-H-A-W-N likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours.


Interesting. Excellent answer. And you know, it's, it seems I moved up here from South Florida where there's a, a massive American Cuban population and they're all saying the same things. It, it seems like anybody that you talk to that moved here from a communist country or a socialist, maybe not all socialists, but Venezuela, Cuba, Poland, they're all saying the same stuff. And it's really, it's just really interesting to hear and I think it's an important conversation. So we'll Leave that. We will live through it. Those people live through it. They've seen the dangers, they've seen the results of the such depravity like communism and socialism.


So they, they do shine warnings. But again, the censorship with today's technology and government coercion takes its toll so people don't hear about it and don't know about it. So yes, we need to be more proactive and especially without children. Thank you for that. So Eric's a huge fan, the guy that asked the question, Eric Algar. So if it's okay with you, I'm gonna have you sign this at the end of the interview On We're gonna send it to him. I'm sure he would love that. So, All right, let's get into the interview. So born in 1960, growing up in communist or socialist at that time. Well, We call it communist, it's commonly known communist.


I just, there's a technicality here and people need to understand what we call communist states behind iron curin. Those are socialist states run by, mostly by communists. We can call it communist state, I call it too sometimes. What Was it like growing up in, in Poland? Well, first thing to realize is that in six 1960s when I was born, it was only 15 years from the Second World War. So the entire generation of people who went through the brutality to the, to holocaust, to experience war personally live in that societies in Europe, in po I'm talking in Poland even more so, because Poland lost around 6 million people.


There's one fifth of population during second World War murdered by Germans. And that was very, I would say there were dangerous time. I don't have a bad mem, I have more nostalgia, nostalgic feelings to this time when I grew up. But I remember now when I, from the perspective of being American living here in peaceful society, I remember how, and I realized how sometimes depravity was taking over, the brutality was taking over, people were ready to fight o on the, on the moment notice, I mean here you look somebody in the, in the eyes and say, hey, hello.


And it was say hello in Poland, they would say, what the fuck Are you looking at? That was the times that the typical reaction would be. And so fighting be beating people on the streets was nothing unusual. Unusual. It was frowned upon nobody like brutal, vulgar people. But it was very common to the point that when there was a fight on the street, and usually you can go in town and you can see two, three fights. If you actually go through the town, people learn to just cross the street that they didn't even bother to call police. So it will later play role in my upbringing when I get a little bit older. But 1960s was very, very brutal time for Portland.


There was the big transition from the wartime brutality experience society to peaceful, more peaceful society. And it was also hindered by the socialist communist ideology that the transition was not very smooth in Poland. So, and also talking about it, I experienced bo the both worlds, the leading as a privileged kid when my father, who was a high ranking communist and government official. So up to seven years old when I was growing up with him being in ho at home, in home, then when he left and the poverty, the, the, the, the lifestyle that I experienced for the next decade is, is nothing unusual in Poland.


But it, for me, it was a stark difference. And then I was sent to my father when I was, I believe 16 years old to Why did your father leave? Well, my father was communist. He was entrenched into their idol ideology. And my mom going to church with us was not acceptable to him. There was two things. One was a fear that he can lose his career as a communist and as a member of Polish government at the time, it was frowned upon going to church, especially having family and kids going to church. Why Was it frowned upon to go to church? 'cause church is very dangerous. The faith is very dangerous for socialist state.


Faith gives you a roots, a a a moral basis that are basically immutable. That you have that morals that communists can't, most likely can't change. So this is something that they, that the first attacks in the communist state was on faith usually and children. And this is why they try to eliminate this. And fate is dangerous concept for communist and socialist. And you will see that if you read the history of socialist states, the first attack usually happened on people's fate and, and and their families.


I think we saw some of that here. Yes, we did. In the last four years especially. There was something very disturbing for me and we need to be aware of It. How did your father leave? Well, he decided as very dangerous for him for his career to stay at home with mom who was devoted Catholic. My entire family, even his own mother, they were Catholics and they didn't approve what he was doing. I'll tell you later when we get to it. But, so he was decide that is, that's not his way of living. He wants to make career as a politician. He wants to make career as a communist. And when I was seven years old, he decide to leave and he just took off leaving us.


Wow. Me and my three si the two siblings. So it was three of us and my mom. So he abandoned his three kids? Yes. And his wife. Yes. Yes he did. And now as a communist, he died as a communist 2021. When I went to his, his, his views did not change. He would be ready to murder people on the spot if, if they were opposed, socialism and communism. Wow. But I'll talk about it too. We, we get to it. His view was very extreme when you get to know him, but when you didn't know him, you would think there's a great older man as somebody you would like to have for the neighbor. Very well spoken, very commanding Polish language extremely well. 'cause he was the, that, that was his major and in, in in style in, in, in, in university.


So very nice man. Until you start probing his views and his internal, internal, internal thinking that become very disturbing that that's somebody you would not want to have as a neighbor. So, So growing up, if he grew up as a Peasant, As a Catholic Yes. Or a believer. Yes. I mean, what what was it that got into him that changed his entire view, do you know? No, it's, it's, it is hard to guess, but this is my understanding of it. So he grew up in peasant family, very, very poor. And what he was offered by the communist state is, Hey, we make you somebody, we'll make you somebody big and you can progress with us, but you need to discard the faith to discard the, all the attachments that are superstition.


They call it superstition. So you need to be free, man, they call it free men. So to accept socialism and communist ideology. And they were like helping him along the way. He was very smart. So he, he's doing very well. He was doing very well at school. And eventually they grabbed hold of him and he, like many other Pauls give, gave in, give up his faith, his moral under his moral views and accepted so-called relative morality. This is another term that is not very well not very popular here and not very well understood yet.


So he subscribed to so-called relative morality and that's where things start changing. That's where people that, that way he become the person he was later in his life. What was it like for you when he left? So there was dramatic change right away because in the first place, What did he say to you? He didn't say nothing, he just didn't show up. Wow. So yeah, we didn't know where he was. Mom tried to hide it from us. And at that time in Poland, there was also a stigma of, for people who were divorced, especially for the kids, they had a special name for divorcees.


So I remember parents saying, hi, these, these kids are divorcees, you don't want to play with them. They, they, they, they got the parents got divorced, stay away from them. So I remember that and that was very, for me, I learned to cope with it. But at the time, I, I see the kids didn't want to play with us. So that was kind of a way, the way it was, you know, that was, we just, that was the reality. And I didn't know any other so And so, I mean, But also li life was different too because from abundance of everything from the legal protection, because you know, when I was kid, I burned the wheatfield by accident.


We were playing with fire, baking something in the fire in the middle of the wheatfield. So we burned the entire wheatfield. So of course the neighbor comes in and, 'cause I will, I was living in the outskirts of little town Gerald Naura that was established in 1200 year, 1200. So those beautiful town. So I burned the wheatfield. So when a neighbor came to complain about it, my father said, just chase him out and say, look, you, you caused problems. You, you'll have a secret police coming and talking to you. And actually they did send the, the goons from the secret police to explain this guy that we're pretty much untouchable. So just leave it and plow the field again. Wow. This is how bad it was.


But I didn't know anything about it. It was just my father was trying to, I guess, protect his family the way it is. It is happening in socialist totalitarian states, you know, you don't agree with I'm have more power. If you don't agree with me, I will send the police on you and you get either arrested, killed, or do disappear. So there was nothing uncommon. Interesting. But then it changed when he left. So I had no protection. We did something wrong, we to get punished for it. And my mom would never agree with it. My mom was always, and it was the biggest fights that with between the, the, the, my mom who was devout Catholic and my father who was totally opposed to any type of faith, he only believed in the party and communist ideology.


That was his, that was his god. So they were al there was always fights. And I remember the time, that was before my sister was born, so I had to be at least three years, maybe around four years old. But I vividly remember that my grandmother from my maternal side came to visit us. And of course she was even more devout. She was like, I would say total fanatic and total Zillow. But you know, there was, this is how they survived the second World war. This is what helped my grandmother and her children. My mom survived the second world war. So when she came in, she had chase us, all of us to church. We are going to church Sunday. So my father, I still remember standing in front of the door with hand outstretched and say, no kid not going to church and you are not going to church because if somebody sees you or kids, I'm gonna lose my career.


I'm going to lose my job. You are going to church. So my grandmother went outside, we were living on the first floor. My mom passed me a football through the window. So I thought it was fun. I said like, well, you know, let's play. And then my mom left. We did went to church, but my father eventually learned to tolerate it. But he was always on the edge, was always nervous, always wanted us to stop going to church. He called the, the, the religion as superstition. And also he used the technique that I see being applied here very often. Basically he was trying to find some articles, some quasi scientific articles. Like, okay, we just find out new things about Jesus.


Let's see what's the, if Jesus was real, you know, I can pick your curiosity, especially if you and he start reading and it like totally interfaith article or book. So my father was bringing it up and just try to either shove it for us to read or read it, try to read it to us, which against protests of my mother, but this is the technique they used to Wow. To, To actually remove people from faith and change their beliefs. How many, so you had two siblings? Two siblings. My younger brother and younger sister. My sister still lives in Poland actually. I, I visited her not too long time ago and I went to, 'cause I was testifying, we're gonna come back to it in the criminal case in Poland against judge who actually sentenced me to prison time.


Where's your brother? My brother lives here. He's here in the States. He's owns his business. He has his great business. He's doing well and he's doing good. I don't really have much contact with him. Were you, so you're not close with her brother? No, no, I'm close with him. I'm closer with you guys. With people like you with fellow teammates. They, the they are my brothers as just a person living in the states. Were You close with your siblings growing up? Yes. Yes. What would you guys do? Did you guys have any fun or was it Yes, We've had a lot of fun. You know, the, the nice thing about it, at that time, we did not have, we did not have the direct strict supervision of our parents.


Kids used to play, like I was, what, six years old and I was going to kindergarten by myself. I was working like the, around the school, going over the, the major street. Actually one of my little friends was killed on that street by the, by the motorcycle. But yeah, we're doing ourselves. So we had the like houses in one hand holding hands with my brother and just walking to the kindergarten there was maybe like quarter mile and through the woods, like not through the woods, but through the like different small streets. Mom told us how to, across the street, you look left, you look right, there's nothing happen. You just go fairly fast to the street but don't run. And then, and then we did six years old play.


Yeah, as long as we were back at home before dark, we were fine. So we were roaming the city. We were just, sometimes we find ourselves like a mile two miles away from the home. God knows where running some streets and just exploring. So that, that was, that was cool. Playing with fires. Now we like we, we like to bake things in fire, potatoes and stuff. This is how I burn the wheatfield in by accident. But that time was father was still with us. After he left, I wouldn't get away with it. So that was the, I have a fond memory. I was poor, but I didn't know they was poor. I thought that was just normal. This is how everybody lived. And I didn't see at that time they notice the richer kids or kids of party communist party members that I noticed later in the, in the elementary school.


That's what, How did your family make money after your father left? My mom was a teacher, so she had a little salary. It was not much and it was not enough to, it was enough to buy food. If she was quick enough in the morning to stay in the line to buy bread, if she was a little bit late, by the time she made to the end of the line, there was no bread. So we didn't eat. But again, it was like really not a big deal. It is just like, well we don't have a bread today. Okay, do we have bread from yesterday or something? No, we don't. All right, so maybe some potatoes. And so mama always tried to make something out, but sometimes when hungry to, hungry to school and there was really nothing there. When I was in elementary school, I learned how to help myself and actually feed myself.


But it's like I'm, I'm not very proud of it now. But at, at the time is I was basic. I was extorting, extorting sandwiches from the kids of the communist party members. So how would you do that? Well, I just beat them up and I told 'em, you, you give me the sandwich. But I remember, you know, in Poland at the time, like people don't want to be seen as poor, right? So a lot of us, like including me, like my, my sandwich, if mom got the bread very often was little bit water sprinkle on it and sprinkle sugar if it was good. We have a butter of those butter a little bit sugar if the sugar was put together. And so, you know, like I don't want people to see it because I see some of the kids eating this big bun, you know, with ham, with tomatoes may on a salt.


I mean there was like, today I'm just looking at this like I would eat one too. So this is something that I've seen it, I didn't want them to see that having like bread and, and little bit sugar on it. So, or it is another technique too, like take a tea and like put the tea on the bread, put some sugar on it. I still like that. And, and, and so we are eating in the corners. Like I don't want nobody to see that have like that nothing sun sandwich, nothing. And then most of the kids did too. I didn't notice that. But then I was, when I started feeding myself of the communist party, it wars little kids then, then yeah, I notice other kids doing the same thing that I did.


And there's a story, like it still touches my heart. You know, when I, when I talk about it, because the first one I remember I seen the kid like little fat kid with a big band, you know, with his, like, with everything on it. If you had the sandwich today, you would say, damn, that looks really good. So I say I woke up to him and just like took it from his hand just to rip it half, half and just eating like, wow, this is good. He was about to cry up there, but like, hey listen, a little shit tomorrow you bring two sandwiches like this because How, how old, so you grew Up, I was seven years old at the time. You grew up, You grew up fighting for food. I grew up fighting.


Well, I didn't have to. If my mom find out what I did, I would be, I would be spunk. I I would, I would be spanked so hard. I would be able to sit on my ass. But, so I was, I had to hide it from her. She would not tolerate it. But yeah. But you know, I, I was hungry. So I figure out these people, the, the, the, the party member members kids, they have everything. They have the, you can tell them the way they dress, the way they carry themselves, the way what they, you know, what they eat the most important. So I figure out, well just help myself. Here's so much has abundance of the bread. So I'm sure he won pure money. I eat half of it. So, so yes sir.


Yeah. I woke up to him and he says, I told him that if you don't bring tomorrow two sandwiches, you won't have a sandwich. 'cause I will eat entire sandwich today. I just ate half. Well he brought the to son, which is he, he found me himself and just gave it to me. So, so as from then on, it came to the point that I had determin That, that started at seven years old. Seven years old. Yes. Well, and then, so I started noticing other kids doing the same thing. And that was a kid in my class, the first grade, who we call him all kinds of names. This guy was smaller than rest. We, we torment this guy.


We're talking about bullying. And so it is brutal. Like you have no empathy. At least I did not have any empathy for bullying to, to the kids that were bullied. It changed. So one day, so he was like the, the, the black sheep in the class. Nobody wanted to talk to him. Even those poor kids, other poor kids, they call him all kinds of names. So one day I was just coming back from, from, from school and I had to travel across town, had to take a bus, then another bus and travel to, to travel, to travel home.


And I don't know, that was I think second grade when I noticed that and my boss took off. I was too, I was late. So I started walking home and this kid is walking and he's already scared because now I'm walking behind him and, and you know, we, we determined him, but I said like, well you know what, hey, what's up? I was, where are, do you live somewhere here? You don't wait on the bus? I say, no, I'm leaving like maybe like quarter mile from here on the, I said, well cool. So let's, let's go. And I start talking to him and find out that he, you know, he's just trying to survive with his mom. He doesn't have a father. And my curiosity pig, I said, Hey, can I just, where where do you live in this building?


Once we made to his place, he say, I'm going right here. So let me see how you live. I was curious. So, oh, okay, so walk, walk in. I said like one room, like half a size of this room here, there is a table, there is one chair and one bed. That's it. And the sink sink, like the, you see in the janitorial closets, there's deep sink when you keep the map and stuff. And, and on the table, dirty table, there was a full can of cigarette butts. So I say, oh, okay, well, well I see one bed, where do you sleep?


I say, I sleep with my mom because we cannot afford another bed. So, you know, this is something that still touches me because this guy was, we gave him so much hell. And then I said, okay, so what, what do you eat? I see one chair. I said, I eat on my mom's lap. So then he says, I say, okay, well where's your toilet? We had a toilet outside. So what do you keep your food? There is, I don't see any food. Well, we eat every day the food. So we don't have any, we don't have any reserves and we don't have any leftovers. So I say, hmm, okay, so this is actually when, so then I think it was the second grade, it was something changed.


And I say, okay, well I I hook you up. So, so then I went to another kid who I knew has like same type of sandwiches. You can tell these kids that dress better. They, they have better food. So I gotta say, Hey look, tomorrow you bring two sandwiches, one for yourself, one for this kid. So he mouthed off to, to me and I just beat him up and drag him in the toilet up there because, and because in Poland during the breaks, all the kids walk on the hallway, just they have to walk. So I drag him in the toilet and just beat the shit out of him and say, tomorrow we bring the two sandwiches. And he did. So I say, wow, that worked. So I gave him the sandwich. I say, look, from now on he will bring you the sandwich.


If he does not, you let me know because I'm going to give you half of his sandwich or just entire sandwich to you. He was very grateful. He said, well I don know what you do it. And then, you know, I didn't let other kids touch him. I didn't let other kids to bully him anymore. And it change. So from then on, I, I think I look at the kids a little bit differently than, than until this time. And that was in second grade? That was in second grade. Yeah. But I was pretty violent too from the beginning as well. I remember in the first grade when we first class up, our class become like, when you go to your first grade, so they, they divide you, okay, you class A, you'll be with this group, you'll be with this group class B and C.


So one of my friends from kindergarten say, oh, this girl has a crash on you. She, I think she's your girlfriend. I got so mad, but not at the kid, but at the girl I went to the girl just kick her as hard as I could. She fell down. They took her to the, the nurse room. And, and this is another lesson that I learned very quick. So she came back all crying to class. This first time in the class in our lives. Her name was Boga. And she's crying at the bench. And I was like, when some of the cows, until my mom walked in, she was a teacher at the school. So she just look around the class, say, look at me and say, who did you hurt?


And entire class, like, that's it, dead girl right there. So I, I was pulled by from the, from the bench by the ear. A method in, in Poland at the time, walking in the middle of the class, my pants were dropped and I was being spank so hard for so long time until I broke down and start crying. When I start crying, she said, okay, now put your pants up and go after there and apologize. So I did when I apologized and then I got spank again when I get home. So when I, but more explanation, why don't do that, I never did it again. And that worked.


Spring is here. And while everybody else was hibernating, you were out there crushing your goals and getting after it. Now it's time to upgrade your gear. That's where ROKA comes in. Hit the road or get outside and performance eyewear that actually keeps up. They are just some flimsy shades that slide off your face and break. These are built for people with active lifestyles. They're grippy, they're durable, and they hold up no compromises, no cut corners. And Rocha is based in Austin, Texas. They look as good as they perform, which is pretty damn good. Their premium optics cut glare and keep things crystal clear. And the fit is second to none for comfort and longevity need prescription eyewear. ROKA offers both sunglasses and eyeglasses so you can ditch the contacts for good. I've been wearing their sunglasses that they send me. And let me tell you, they deliver, they're comfortable, durable, and fit. Great. I love that they have a style for every occasion. It doesn't matter if I'm at the office or in the gym. Roca's eyewear works wherever I am ready to upgrade your eyewear. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and use code SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's ROKA dot com.


I'm always on the lookout for ways to get healthier, especially now. That's why I am so glad I discovered Armor, a colostrum armor a colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely life-changing benefits. Tens of thousands of five star reviews and transformational stories. Armor up colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research-backed health benefits. Armor colostrum can help strengthen immunity and gut health, help improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to triar.com/ss or enter SS to get 15% off your first order. That's TRYA r.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute for or alternative to seeking care from your healthcare providers.


But yeah, so there was things that, that the, the, the, the times that I still remember still affect me sometimes end of second grade later we moved when I, when was leading on days away from that school. So I had to take the bus to school. This is where my father was already gone. So the kids start picking on me. So on the way to school, usually not because it's early pneumonia on the way back from school, I get my ass kicked sometimes by the older kids. They just thought this funny to, to be double me. So I feel like, okay, I don't have a father, so it's, I don't have a older brother to go and stand up for me. I just have to handle my own.


So what I did, I went and find like a rebar, maybe there's that big rebar and I start carrying it with me. I was carrying the, in the, in my book case when they, on the way back, I, I was, I could expect they, they, they would harass me. They would try to kick my ass. So I had this thing here with me in my birthday and I knew they were already walking. This group of kids is walking behind me. So I walk into, in Poland, those buildings, they were like fairly new buildings at the time. You have a stairway, you walk into the stairway, you go up and then you walk to your apartments. So I just walked the stairways. I just waited with this thing and it, as soon that first kid walked in, I hope he's alive today.


But anyway, so that was it. And so I knocked him out. Yeah, the blood was everywhere, I remember that. And then the other kids ran away and the next day they repeat itself. The guy was okay, I guess because he would show up with the head bandaid. So same thing happens again. So I just walk into the, I see these kids walking and ready, making those work warrior grunts. So I walk into the stairways, just wait until they walk in. And I got two of them this time. So they let me along after that they decide, well, is we gonna find another victim? But what it told me is that violence works.


Violence always works. And if it didn't work for you means you didn't apply enough of it. So that's the, that was my lessons that I think the, the first lessons from my childhood that you just have to be violent to, to accomplish things. And that if you can, that violence works and you just need to apply it in the right place. Wow. Wow. So, but I was what, eight years old, nine years old. Those are the first lessons in my life. But society was brutal at the time. It's not excuse. I get a lot of flag now in today's society when I talk about it in Poland. And there, there were podcasts in Poland that I went to. And people are very disturbed that, that I, that how kid like this eight years old almost kill somebody that is so violent where they don't understand that there were different times.


I'm not, but the way I look at it today is this is good. The police society is different. They don't tolerate violence. You know, my mom wouldn't tolerate either, but there was things that she did and that was, that was my upbringing. And when I see today people complaining about this and pointing out how bad that evil it is, I agree with them. And, but I'm also kind of happy that they can speak to it. That they can verbalize this. And there is, they don't afraid to speak that there's a government gun, government goon somewhere behind them looking to how to put them to jail or how to persecute them.


They can speak their mind and their minds. They don't have to agree with me. And very often they don't. And I'm kind of happy about it because the police societies slowly changing more like in America where we can speak. We don't have to look over our shoulder. Well maybe not the last administration, but maybe we don't have to look on our shoulder. I tell, you know, you know what, even the last administration, I never felt that I'm saying something can put me to present to jail. You know, I can say something, I can lose my job, but I'm not, because being the, I never put myself in that situation. But I never worry about being.


What Would get you thrown in jail in Poland for, Well, you, you could stay in line for bread like my mom. And you complain that let's say there's there's never food, there's never enough food for people here. What this government is doing. Well, if there was a neighbor who next to you or somebody who knew who you were and overheard it and he was working for secret police or he was a snitch, you could get arrested. It, it was nothing unusual that police show up on your doorstep. They took you on the police station and say, Hey, tell us about your comments here in the breadline or tell about your comments in that you made in at your work about the disparaging Communist party members.


So in my book actually, I, I described that the, the case when one of my fellow political prisoners was testifying in his defense, his defense was not in defense, it was offense. It was actually laying straight truth to the judge. And judge even I remember judge asked him, well, but this is offending the party member. Do you think it is? Right? So you can see that the, the way the, the socialist state work up there. So you could put you to jail that you know, that that was like people who were afraid the most to get on the political list in Poland. 'cause once you find yourself there, you had always, you are always that troublemaker, the anti-socialist and the communist.


Wow. Take it. You know, you had mentioned people disappearing, being murdered by the sounds like the state. Did you witness any of that growing up? Even today? Even today, they are still looking for the mass graves of some of Polish heroes who were executed by socialist state. Just I think recently they found a grave of big Polish hero Rod Ky, captain Ky, the man who volunteer to go to be locked up in Auschwitz so he can write reports, what's going on up there. And then he escape after a while.


And, but those reports went to the west on Churchill desk. So they knew what was going on in those president camps. So this guy later fought in Wars war Apprising in 1944. He became a hero in, in, in Poland. So after communist took over, he was promptly arrested and executed, sentenced to death and execute like many, many people. And his grave was never found, I think I believe until recently. But there are still people that are missing and their graves are being found in the prison yards, decked in somewhere in some ospi forests in places.


So people are still looking. And there's a IPN organization in Poland, the Government Organization Institute of Polish Remembrance, where they pursue steal the, the, the searching for Polish heroes who disappeared under communist regime. So there was nothing uncommon to disappear. And also please remember that com, every communist system, whether in Poland as a socialist system, whether in Poland, whether in whether in East Germany, Roman, Romania, Slovakia, they had those almost given every four or five years, the upheavals.


So in Poland it was 19 56, 19 60, 19 68, 19 70, 19 76, the people were, went on the streets and there were more the protestors. They were brand insurrectionists, bandits, terrorists and shot at. So every so many years, this upheavals happens and every time that happens, the new crew comes in and say, okay, socialism is great. These people just didn't know how to social, how to work in socialism system. So we're gonna replace. And sometimes they would that, that government before was either killed or imprison as well.


And the new crew come in to build the better the the real socialism and the repeat itself. Every so many years and every time the new crew, the new gang came in, socialist gang came in and they were telling people that we will do it. The right, the socialism, the right way. We'll build socialist the right way. You know, that's you, you never hear in, and that's another thing people need to know. They were not communist states, never, they didn't even pretend to, to build communist states. Even in Soviet Union. You can see if you read that the literature from that time, they all were building socialism, not communism.


Communism is the way my father explained to me is just a stepping stone to further societal development into communism. But you cannot omit a socialism. The socialism is very necessary step. So that's, that's how it happened. And you mentioned about the, asked me about the parallels. I've seen a lot of parallels in the last administration that were very dangerous. And I was, I was afraid, Are You familiar? I'm just curious, sidetrack here. Are you familiar what's going on in Romania? Have you been following that at all? Yes. It, the U S A ID with European Union, this banned election.


They, they, they removed the candidate killen, this is what I'm saying. The European Union reminds me more of the Soviet Union right now than, than with totalitarian control, than the European Union that at its inception, I mean, look at it, people are getting arrested in European Union for Facebook posts and there's not like, well maybe somewhere you heard about the, it is, it is documented. You can see on the, even on the, on the videos, there's video when police coming in, arrest people for Facebook posts, let's say in Great Britain. The, the decay of that society is immense. And I don dunno how long they will last, But it seems like the days of European Union are number, I think that's, maybe that's not that good.


But you see that what happened in Romania, you see what happened in Georgia. You, you see what the assassination attempt in Slovakia when the President Zo Prime Minister Zo barely survived. And same thing in 2014 Ukraine, so the US I-U-S-I-D and there's another organization to working hand to hand with it, I think e and d that did a lot of harm to people trying to subdue them and convert them into the compliant masses. Yeah. So yeah, it sounds, it sounds like it's on the cusp.


I mean, we went, I went over to Romania to interview Colleen Escu. He had a commanding lead in the, in the election. Yes. And they froze the election. Yes. And then I guess they unfroze it and they just pulled him. Yeah, he's not running anymore. They just completely pulled him. This is What I called like here, people don't, don't hear this term. We call it socialist elections. Socialist elections are elections where communists and socialists always win. So there's a socialist election and all the mechanisms behind it with, you know, if you would accuse, let's say in Poland, it was the same mechanism. You, you cannot vote somebody who you really thought could be good person or politician.


You have you, you are voting for people that they told you to vote and they were, the mechanism was set up this way that no matter what, that person would win elections. If you notice in Eastern Europe, first thing they did, when socialists grabbed the power, we start changing the rules and laws to give them the advantage and give them the opportunity to falsify election even if they have to, to, to stay at power. Because they know after four or five years of their, that that socialist I companies, ideology, people had had enough, they did not want any of, of, of that and any of these Marxist goons. And in Poland when I was growing up, growing up, I remember people would hang those Marxists from the Latin posts if they could get away with it.


This is how much hate it was. But there's always segment of the society, like my father, that go get along to go along and try to stay afloat. And they will, they, they, they will do whatever needs to take to stay in the control and control the society. Because we need to notice that Most of the atrocities committed in Poland were not committed by Russians, were committed by poles. They were trained in Soviet Union by, and not necessarily Russians. They were different nationalities, Ukrainians. There were Belarusians who were in Soviet part of the Soviet Union at the time, who trained and who in installed that type of the government in Poland at the time.


So in Poland there, the most atrocities that happened were committed by Polish communists and polls. The Soviet Union the most, I I think no other nation experience the atrocities and danger of communism socialism more than Russians. They were the biggest victims of that system. So there was no polls murdering Russians. There were no Ukrainians murdering Russians. There were Russians killing Russians because evil ideology will do it to you. This is when you subscribe to so-called relative morality.


And this is what you become part of the system that will actually twist you into these type of behavior, this type of morality. So that's very dangerous. When did you, so when did you get sent back to your father? I was, I think I was 16 years old at the time. I was still at the eighth grade of elementary school, but my mama just could not afford to feed three kids. So he said, you are the oldest one, so we can go send you there. And I didn't really want to go, but, you know, I had no choice. The funny thing is, because her father came and picked me up and we, we traveled from my city lots to, after the, all the court proceedings were done to his apartment in Warsaw, I remember his wife opened the door.


He said, okay, so he's, he'll be living with us from now on. I can remember the scree like, what, what, what Are you talking about? Nobody's going to live here with us. So, so you know, the, the tension already started that was not very pleasant, you know, walking the house and there's, you see this, this weird woman screaming and yelling, but I had no choice. So I stayed there and she had the son. So she was, you know, giving me a hard time. So I was beating up his, her son and it was kind of like equalizing. The more I get a punishment from her, the, the more I beat up that other kid.


And eventually I had had enough and, and they had enough too. So they kicked me back to my mothers and those one year. But also I could see at the time my father's mental, mental state and his, his values system, his value system, like I say, mentioned earlier here, when you seen him, you would think, wow, this was a nice clean man. Well spoken and educated man, somebody like would be great to have as a neighbor. But when I start talking to him, I remember I had a conversation at the time that he says, I ask him, you know, what if people are resisting socialism and communism, what, how?


There are some people who will not buy into it. I don't buy into it. Or he says, well, we have a methods to convince people we, that we will make them do that. But if that doesn't work, we have prisons so well, if the prison doesn't work, if you still don't change him, well the social is such a great system that is worth the sacrifice. So we just eliminate physically these people that way they don't interfere with us implementing such a great system for everybody. And once people get into the socialist system, they will love it. We just need to eliminate people who oppose it because they derail our efforts so he wouldn't mind these people being killed.


And also, what I didn't know at the time, my father was responsible for censorship in Poland at the time. He was a minister of art, culture, art and culture in Poland. He was a director of the department for theaters, movies and libraries. So if you wrote the book that my father did not like, your book never showed up. Not only that, if, if that book was skeptical of socialism and communism, none of your books were ever showed up. And if you argue about it, you could end up in prison. So movies, somebody pointed out not too long time ago, older person that, do you know that your father was responsible for censoring the very popular comedy that was in Poland at the time?


Sam Foy. It was named like all our, I lose translation. He was responsible for the moving parts of the movie. And he was arguing with the director that that's, this does not support the socialist point of view. Doesn't, and it opposes what we would say the nice transition to socialism in communist society. So we to cut this, this and just, all the people were to cut that movie and they had to comply. I didn't know about that movie. I knew that he was censoring things, censoring books, censoring artists. So a lot of ha the things that happened in Poland at the time in post-war era was you either could adopt the art and people to socialism or you eliminate it.


So there were statues that socialists the communists, like my father decided they do not support the communist neurotic, the ideology one just destroyed and remove it so people don't know about it or change the meaning of it. Knowing that outdoor had the, creating the, let's say that painting had this on his mind, well killed the, killed the outer. And they explained people what really we think that picture means. So there was just normal methods and if you were not in line with the socialist state, the terror state, you were canceled. So it not much different that could happen today.


That happened today. And the Las administration, so I'm talking about administration. I know we're gonna get a lot of flagg for it. And I think fa the, the, the YouTube may flag this interview, but I don know it, it is bottom line is that a lot of the things that happen in Poland, like you asked me earlier, is like de was like deja vu from, was like deja, I could extrapolate on what is happening in the United States under last administration. The difference is this, that America was built by free strong people. The the, the culture of freedom, the understanding of freedom and the yearning for freedom is so strong that is not as easy to subdue and change and and derail it.


So people survived that four years and now you can see, you see what is happening. People are raising up of the, I would say standing up again against some of the methods used by the, by the previous administration. And they have to, because if we fail, we have no place to go. Wow. How, how often would your dad and you have these conversations? Quite often because I, I wasn't a good student, so always to get him over my back. I didn't do the homework or the homework was bad. I asked these questions and we start arguing about it and I just roll him up and, and, and, But it also allowed me to understand little better, more the way he thinks.


And it was scary thoughts at the end. The guy has no cripples in implementing the ideology that he was subscribing to. And he want everybody to subscribe. If you didn't, he will force you to do it or he will eliminate you. So you don't derail other people from it. It's very dangerous. But this is how they operated at the time that you could lose your job, you could and you'll not be able to find your job. You could not open your, you could not open your business. You couldn't attend the college. Matter of fact, the education was very big thing for communists and control of the students. So to get to college, if you were not a a member of youth socialist organization, your chances were smaller to get into university than somebody who was activists and, and openly, how to say it, virtue signaling that he's a communism pro-communist.


So these people were sought after it. They were given priority to join the universities. There were also people who did get into universities being opposed to communist system, but they were very rare and few in between. So they control everything and they controlled the from the schools. It happened to me, you know, when I was in fifth grade, I remember this was the time, fifth grade is the time when kids in Poland had to start learning Russian language. It become part of like math, polish, physics, mathematics. You had to learn also Russian. So me not being the greatest student, I got pissed off because I hardly have a time and the ability to do homework from these math, physics, the, the, the Polish language.


And now it's Russian. So I just don't, don't, don't like it. And I piped up at the school, I say, why do they teach us do the, the Russian language? We don't speak Polish very well yet. And on the top of it is the language of occupiers. My grandmother always called Russians occupiers at the time. So I didn't think much of it. It was nothing political at the time about it. But the repercussions were because the teacher walked right away to my bench and grabbed me by my ear and holding my ear through the whole hallway. Took me to principal's office, explained what happened. The principal got on the phone a call police. So the police came. But on the way to school they stopped by mom.


This is fifth grade. Fifth grade, yes. So what it was fifth grade is like 12 I guess something like that. Yeah. So they, they, they detained my mother, they brought her with them. So there was two secret police. There was two police in uniform, there was four of them. My mom was sitting in the mail, I guess in this small car they were driving. So they came, they started yelling at us, you know, and they told my mom very straight, if you don't instill more law, more love to socialism in your kids, we're gonna take them away. We will educate them the right way. And you know, don't do it. There won't be any warning you if we run across that similar situation, similar situation like this.


You Are, you are as a parent, you, you, you are parenting, you'll be done. And my mom cried. I I cried because I didn't know why my mom was crying. I, I was little scared. But you know, being kid, I really didn't still conceptualize what was really happening until later my mom explained to me. But this is something that from then on, my mom was always before I was going to school say, do not talk politics at school. Do not because they're gonna harm our family. Do not talk politics. And that was before we were leaving the school in the morning to school in the morning. Every time I heard this, just that reminder, it tells you the fear people were living in of the totalitarian socialist state.


And that was not the exception. I mean, all my friends were giving the same advice as, because when I talked to them, they said, well, like my mom told me not to talk about politics 'cause it's dangerous. So yeah, that's happened. Wow. You know, you see a lot of that going on on the west coast right now, you know, with, with that. And I mean Washington, you know, if, if, if you don't subscribe to the, to the gender confusion stuff that's going on right now, then the state will come in, take your kids. That's your kids. Yes. And also the cases were actually kids were being converted in their gender. That's What I'm talking about. Yeah. Behind parents' back.


The parents even didn't know about it. So, and I, I'm aware of the case where a girl or the boy was transitioned behind parents' back and eventually committed suicide because of the all the things, you know, this is something that is very tragic and, but I think we need to stand up to it. We need to understand what is going on. We need to understand that normalization of depravity, especially if you have a therapist, that they are not allowed to treat mental illness because it's politically incorrect and you can lose your license. It tells you how far some of the groups in our society have fallen. That's pure evil.


This is what I'm talking about. That this is not the struggle between the Republicans and Democrats. Really. There are good people on both sides. This is struggle evil against good, good against evil. And evil is not intellectual concept. It's not something you just think about. Evil is real. And we face real dangerous times right now. 'cause seem like sometimes the the evil side, the evil has upper hand. But you know, I'm looking with hope and I understand that this is not going to take roots in America.


America, America psych is much stronger than that. You can throw these things on some people, some weaker people who will cave in. But Americas and American people will not that, that freedom on which America was born from, which was born. The, the quest for freedom, quest for the being strong, independent is much stronger than evil. We will win. America will win. And so, so when you moved in with your father and his was his wife? Yeah, it was more, I already learned my techniques too, how to extort sandwiches.


I was, by this time I was extorting wines wine and drinks from, from, from, from other kids at school. Well, it, it didn't start this way. I just didn't know much better. I was doing boxing at the time. I was training box and I decided to, I remember one time on the football field, I'm a soccer field. There was some little kid making a little kid, not really little kid, but here's like at my age, making fun of girls. So I was trying to be like a tough guy, old guy, but just knock him out. But, well, I didn't know the guy was part of the gang at school and it in the war. So they had those gangs. So I then, and they, they surrounded me.


I said, okay, well we just hit our guy. So we're gonna go and we, we, we, we need to talk. Or I didn't wait, I just knock another one. So that just put them on, on, on, on the back foot. But then they say, okay, now to man our case, we'll cause you any problems, you just bring us a bottle of wine. So I say a bottle of wine, I just knock on the next one of you. I'm not going, you're not gonna get shit from me. But then I was thinking like, hmm, they can work like I used to do with sandwiches, so maybe I should talk to them. So I did get the wine, I did get them wine. And then, then we started extorting wine from other kids.


So that's, that was the, again, violence works. It didn't work for you, means it didn't apply enough of it. And it has no place in American society. I, I, I have to be open about it and I have to state it openly. It wouldn't work here. America is different and, but at that time it worked for me. So, So it lasted with your dad for about a year? Yeah. And then you got sent back at what age? 17 now? Yeah. No, that was like 17 going, yeah, 17 years old. Yes. So, but before I, I got, so before I get back to my mom, I finished my high, my regular elementary school.


And the high school that I went to was very sought after only kids with the, with the best grades could get to it. My grades was like the, the worst of the worst. But I had a father, communist father. So we just take one visit at school. And the steam, I was greeting like a hero at school, just coming in, pick your class, you know, what do you like to do? And so, so I was treated like very well. And, but again, didn't last long because eventually they, his wife got tired of me. His kids got lot of bumps and black eyes many times. So they just sent me home and then I start my life back again with my mom.


How was it starting your life back again with your mom? Well, there was, again, I haven't found, found, found memories of my childhood. So today when I, when I look at it back, yeah, it was poor. It was violent. But when I also, I had the nostalgia for it. So when I came back home, I didn't go back to do boxing. My home at the time was in ura, small town. So I didn't go back to the boxing because the first karate, kushing, cuk kai was born in, in, in, in, in, in URA in the town. So I say I need to get to it, but because you have to be 18 to join, I took my school ID and I scraped the date and I changed my date one year earlier.


So I was actually 18. So I didn't tell my mom about it because my mom was very strict about these, these things. And I said, I told my mom that I want to go there, but we couldn't afford it. So she, but she say this, if you stop drinking and stop smoking, 'cause I was drinking smoker, if you stop drinking and smoking and use, I see your try to pay for your training, I will help you. So then I was selling the, what do you call it? Like papers. You get the papers, you like recycling. I was doing the recycling and I was just getting money for it. You could do it in Poland. It took a lot of stuff to carry heavy stuff to make meaningful money.


But I learned I can steal the newspapers, the stack of newspapers because in the morning it was like six, five o'clock in the morning there were, there was no electronics at the time, there was no internet. So they just throw those newspapers by the places where they were being sold. So I just wait until the guy left and just grabbed a couple of these bags, each one maybe like five, six kilograms. That's a lot of heavyweight and just run away with it. I hi in my basement. And, and after two, three days, I just run up to the place where they were buying the recycling and just start making money just to supplement my, my karate training.


And it worked. My mom seen it and she seen that. I tried, I stopped drinking, I stopped smoking and just like this, just one day I stopped and started doing Kar Kai. And it was, it was fun. I mean, that was something that I very found memories of it. And that's how my life moved. And then you found yourself in prison? I found myself in prison after that was 1978. And that was when John Paul II Paul came to Poland. And at that time when you were watching on official tv, his interaction with people, you would think, yeah, just the way that was explained by communists was, well he, one the crazy guy in a funny dress showed up and few people show up to talk to him.


And the, when the TV shows, yeah, a few people here, a few people there, but even more protestors like yeah, the pub is bad. And that was the communist propaganda. If you look today and some of the pictures on internet, there were masses. There were if not millions, there were hundreds of thousands of people coming to meet the pope. But you wouldn't know it from official press, from fake news media in Poland at the time. They were, the impression was there's nobody interested in just funny dude in the, in the white skirt that that's the way how it was explained. And, but that was very meaningful for police nation because no matter by this time, no matter what the famous media say, people do not believe that if they say this is white, people usually comment that it's got to be black because the, the company say white.


But people had the chance to gather together in those meet meetings where thousands of us show up for, to meet the Pope. And they had the chance to see that there's not only few of them, there's most of them, there's entire society, you know, there that, that opposing that depravity and the socialist terror. And they start talking, they start, they start dreaming again. And the words that I still remember the pop said was, you know, don't be afraid. Stand up, get up your knees, fight for your rights. Don't be afraid. This is why what vice president, JD Vance, when he say the same thing to European Marxist goons in that room, during that visit, he was not speaking to those TURs and baboons sitting there.


He was speaking to people in European Union, stand up, fight for your rights. Don't be, don't let these goons and baboons bully you. So that's that, that's, that's those words. What the JD vice president JD Violence said resonated with me and still resonate. What was it that got you in prison? So after John Paul, the second visit in 1978, people start actually organizing. They say, you know what? He's right, we don't need to live on our knees. It's time to get up. It's time to fight for our rights. We don't need to be afraid.


And they, and they start organizing groups in, in work, work in, in the different places. And eventually they decide, well, you know, why don't we just legalize our organization as a trade union? Because mostly they were workplaces, factories. So let's organize and let's legalize. Let's just say fuck the communism, let's make your organization independent from communist party. And they did. So there's, they start building slowly and of of course that it was a price to pay too. The, the, the persecution, the prison times. Sometimes people are beaten to death or suicide. So that's, but that was the price worth to pay.


And then what do you mean suicide? Well, for example, give you a student, I think it was 1978, his name was PEs. So he was, he was active in opposition, working, trying to, he was a student, so he was found dead and official cause of dead. He followed the stairs. So there, there was many cases like this. So they were, they were not afraid to go and kill people. Just like my, my father would do it if he had opportunity or if he was required to do it. I have no doubt that he would, if he wouldn't do it himself, he would find somebody to do it.


So that, that was normal. So, but people start organizing and in 1980 finally the, the people had so much, so enough of the socialist estate, they started doing strikes. They, they went on strikes here during DS G and eventually the entire economy start collapsing. So communist government at the time in socialist Poland say, okay, well let's go get some agreement. Let's just do something. Let's try to work it out so you guys can go to work. We try to change the socialism on being more humane. We, we now know how to fix the socialism. We make socialism better now, like every six years. So people say, well, no, not really that we need to be recognized as a trade unions solidarity.


They call themselves solidarity. So that trade union was born, eventually the government had to give in and approve. It was the first organization in the entire Warsaw Park that was totally independent from communist party. That was the first one. It was the first break that was kicked out from the communist, the terror war. And Poland did it, and eventually the entire war crumbled. So yeah, so this is how the, how it started. But they never give up. They, they start making lists of people inconvenient to socialist state.


And on eventually in December 13th, 1980, they imposed martial law. So at at midnight, the star mass arrests people from the list. There were secret police, army involved the regular police. They were raiding apartments across entire Poland arresting people and detaining them. That was at midnight. I remember I was in the solidarity headquarters at the time, the trade union movement, which turned into the social movement that I was on the phone with friend with Austria at midnight. Just click, everything is gone. I didn't think much of it because communist socialist equipment didn't work well anyway.


So it was like, well another, I call him maybe later, and then people start coming into our organ building headquarters, say, Hey, my son was arrested, or my father and my mother were arrested. Sometimes they were arresting people, leaving kids in the apartments while with no supervision. So that, that was very really bad because all the telephones, radio, everything was cut at midnight, sort of people died. People have a heart attack or emergency. They had no means to get help. And people were shoving to the back in their apartments.


There was, you could not be on the street past certain time. If you were, you could be arrested and you were most likely arrested. And this is where I got even more involved, this is where I started getting involved in underground structures and building the resistance to communist takeover through martial law of entire Poland. And yeah, there was a lot of people arrested, some, a lot of people were shot and killed, but they, they, they were able to subdue the society yet for some time.


And this is where I got involved and I start building the structures eventually where we got caught, we start printing a, a Duane or a bulletin? A bulletin, yes. It was be behind, behind the censorship of official fake news media. So they was basically challenge them. They were saying one things, but what we were doing, basically collecting the names of people who were arrested, detained, sent to internment camps. And, and what happened to them? The, the court cases. So they, they, the, the, this is what we're printing. It was very dangerous for communist state. Anything beyond what they can't censor as perceived by socialist as very dangerous to their detrimental to their power.


So of course they track us down and I got arrested and you, I call it bulletin, they call it newspaper. But it was just a, a leaflet. It was a leaflet with two, I think two pages maybe. But it was dangerous enough to, to gi give me three years present sentence. How did they arrest you? They arrest me when I came on the point because, you know, we, we didn't know much about the how underground works and how to protect ourselves. So we printed out and just went on the street and giving, were giving to the people. So they, they, they track us down, say, okay, these guys are passing the, those illegal newspapers. So I guess they follow us.


And I walked to the point because we were supposed to print the next batch of the newspaper then. And as I, soon as I knock on the door, it was just like, people are, I hear people running from upstairs, from downstairs, the doors open with the gun in my face. It was like, whoa, okay, say okay. They, they throw me on the ground and after a few kicks, they handcuffed me and they drag me by my feet to the apartment. They shut the door and they were waiting, they were hoping that some of the else will show up. And so one of those secret service guns, he was sitting in the chair like I seat right here. But he put me in front of windows and put his feet on my, on me.


And just like, I, I was working as a foot footstool for his feet for quite a few hours. And then nobody showed up because it was only us. So they took me back to, they took me to political, not political, they took me to a secret police headquarters in my city. That was my first early sting with the communism and prison. And it was, you were there for three years? No, I was there for less than that because there was amnesty. So after around year and a half, they, they kind of started releasing us right before the second visit of Pope to Poland.


He demanded that before he visits Poland, they need to instill amnesty for political prisoners. So they strongly start releasing them. What was it, What what was it like in prison? Well, there was like, I didn't have any problems. I just, if I had to beat somebody up, I did. I didn't have riles about it, but I remember the first one, even when I was arrested, they put me into this holding tank with other prisoners. And this is normal technique of secret police. They will keep you not freezing, but they keep you cold. They'll keep, not keep you starving, but they'll keep you hungry. So they slowly, they will break down your resistance that way you are easier to fall down.


And they, so I remember they throw me like two o'clock in the morning was dark, no windows. So I just like didn't know even where to go. Somebody say, I just go along the wall, find an empty spot, sit down and sleep. You gonna figure it out tomorrow. I say, okay. So we have tomorrow in the morning and this big dude comes up and say, Hey, I didn't eat fat enough, so I'm going to eat your breakfast today. You are well fed. I guess you just came back from outside. I'm going to eat your breakfast today. So like, I didn't have much experience with prison time. So I figured out I just knock him out and that, and just assert myself that nobody's going to eat my breakfast.


So I knock him out. But day after, so he was laying there and I was like thinking, like, I said, well, I'm going to knock his front teeth out and I'm going to make a necklace out of it. So actually I woke up to him, I like very carefully lift his upper lip and just drove his two front teeth in. Just pulled them out and, and well I, I got caught with them I think in the, in the next present time because they when to transfer me to a real prison. This is where those, they start like searching as much better and they found my teeth. So I'm sorry I don't have my necklace, But that was the, that was the, but you know, like it never bothered me. Nobody never bothered me with taking my breakfast.


And it would be very unlikely in prison that somebody like real prisoner would just go and try to take your breakfast. There was some punk who think he's somebody, but he was threatening me out When you go to real prison, I'm going to pass these guys and, and they're gonna fuck you up. I was like, All right, I'm not, I'm you say it again. I'm going to knock your bottom teeth out. You want that. He let me along. So then I was transferred to eventually when they, when they finished with me, they transferred me this intermediate prison where I was waiting for my sentence sentencing. And then after that they took me to political prisoner prison, political prison on the Russian border in city.


That's where the picture in my book and on my websites are from. Because when I visit that prison in 2022, I had the chance actually to go inside and tour a place where I spent my time as a prisoner. Wow. Yeah. What was it like at that prison? Was there, was there like a reeducation program or anything That was, But it was not official reeducation program. Yeah, so from intermediate prison I was transferred to the after sentencing to that political prisoner. But then they kept there was known I wanted the harshest prisons in Poland. This is where they kept political prisoners. They were kept them all over the Poland, But it was like the most known harsh prison.


And then they, so this is where I met people, professors, engineers, people with a, a statue period with that accomplished something in their life and, and even politicians. So that was very educational for me. It stopped being, I didn't think about it as a punishment. It was more like education for me. I learned about the real history of Poland. That was that and I, I was, I learned how to twist it. The official history of Poland was, so that was how that, that helped me.


And this is the way, this is what shaped me in the big part to who I am today. So yeah, there was, I met a lot of brave people, you know, like when I was sitting in prison, didn didn't have a family. I didn't have a wife or kids. And now we have kids, so we know how it, how it is. I understand how it was difficult for all those engineers, all those professors who never had a contact with prison or law enforcement suddenly being the, on the receiving end, sitting in prison and worrying about their wives, their kids, and still not giving up, still fighting the system even from prison.


For me that was inspiration. So yeah, I was so inspired that eventually the prison administration sent a letter to my mother that basically come and help out because he's, I, I'm not following the rules and my, my behavior is highly negative in not up to standard to socialist regulations and stuff. So I still have it, I need to find it because we just found it maybe like a year ago and I say, okay, I'm going, going to keep it. And, and it put, I put somewhere in the safe place where I don know where the safe place is now. So, but I have that letter from prison administration to my mom calling her and asking to influence me to come here and talk to me.


So it was funny because they got extra visit from my mom. I didn't expect that. Get a visit once a month and suddenly my mom show us, Hey, you need to go and visit mom. So my mom sees her crying and say, well I'm very proud of you. I said, well, I'm sure you are, but what's up? She say, well this. And she just pulled this letter up. So I'm very proud. Twice as proud now. So keep doing what you're doing. Don't, don't give in. So yeah, and then it, we were actually start fighting back. I remember we went on the hangar strike. So we like for, I don't remember it was three weeks or month where we didn't refuse to eat. We were trying to, it started from beatings that, so one of the political, some of the political prisoners got beat up by guards.


So we, not hunger strike, but then we say, okay, well we are ready for like eight, nine days, so why don't we just attach the request for, for status of political prisoner. We are political prisoners, so let's fight for that. So now, so we wrote the letter to administration that the strike will continue and we'll until we receive that, until we receive the status of political prisoner and they start breaking our strike, we starting with older, more sick prisoners. Some professors were taken to the room and say like the way they, by the polish regulation at the time, they have to feed you forcefully feed you after I think two weeks.


So they start that, the way they do it is that the big pipe looks like the vacuum pipe a little bit smaller corrugated pipe pipe and the funnel. And then so they handcuff you to the chair, they took this pipe and they shove, you shove the thing up your, up to your stomach and then they have a big what, you know, call it like big thing where they cook stuff like a yellow glue, ggl go, glue go. And they just put it into your stomach. So what they did is, like with older people, they say, look, there's nobody here. It's just you and us. So instead of us shoving this thick big pipe in your stomach, why don't you just take, take this little cab so I won't have to put it in, just drink it.


People who were, some of the older people say, well this is very painful, so, but I just drink it here, I'm still on strike. So usually they don't even fi let them finish that drink because as soon as he grabbed that cap, put in his mouth and make two, three sips of it, say, okay, now you are another hang strike. You feed yourself, your hang strike is over and in transport to different prison or different avi one, whatever, they just start separating these people. So a lot of people went this way. They, they were like treated this way, but eventually the letter from the, from church, from Catholic church in Poland came in.


Guys, you, you, you, you will not, you will not get status of political prisoner. You can accomplish other things, but that's not, you need to stop that because you are wasting yourself. 'cause there are people taken to hospitals, to emergency rooms because of that. And that, that's how we eventually decided, okay, is over. We, we will stop the hunger strike. Well, what were you guys, how would the hunger, how would the hunger strike have worked if they were censor, if they were censoring all the media, how would anybody know? You guys were on cross? Well, We have a, the priest that was coming to, they were allowed once a week on Sundays, the priest to come in. And the friend who was passing him the information was the, his friend of mine who I'm, we are still friends.


And that's how the information was getting out to. So they would leak it to a priest and then the priest would disseminate it through the church to Dis to the church and to the pass it to the passed to underground. 'cause PO Poland at the time already had pretty strong underground structures. They were eventually infiltrated by the secret police, but they were working, they were still effective. So they was being spread out through alternate media. So basically the fake news media, of course we know what to expect, but there were still, there's bulletins like mine, they were being printed and disseminated to people or being just left, thrown the street here so people could pick it up and read it. And that's things spread like wife or wildfire.


But also, you know, there's another What would the consequences be If, if they caught you with it or you No, No, no, no. What would the consequences be for the government if people knew that? I mean, they're already arresting, they shut down communications at midnight that day, right. And did mass arrests. Right. And so what, I guess what I'm asking is what would the, what would the consequences have been for the government had the, when the church would leak out that there was a hunger strike That other Than just a bunch of testo People, not so much within the country, but outside it would, okay, the western media, yes, the radio free Europe radio, voice of America, your Voice of America is.


But in my life plays a very instrumental role because the, the, the things that I started learning about the communist regime, about the real history of Poland was start, started with the Voice of America, where it was transmitted to Poland with real true information. What was happening in Poland, what was the real Polish history was very interesting, But it was illegal to listen to it. So they, they did not want this information governor to leak outside beside the sanction against communist government by President Reagan was paying big role and eventually collapse of the communism and socialism in Poland.


But yeah, there was, they were a percussion, they were afraid. And they were, they had enough people were fighting them on every steps they could, maybe not physically, but intellectually they call it enough that in Poland was coined the name internal immigration. So basically people were shutting themselves down away from the government, not cooperating with them, and the entire economy was going to shit. And so they did not want that. They, they eventually they realized that they cannot, this minority, you wouldn't know listening to the fake news media. But that minority cannot rule over the majority that people were, were realizing there's more and more of them versus the small group of elites, socialist elites in Poland.


So yeah, they were afraid they didn't want that. And that eventually that thing collapsed. Wow. So you were part of the collapse. I was part of the col Well, by this time I was already in Poland, But it, it totally collapsed in 19, I believe 1987. This is where the, was the transition from communist total from the totalitarian system happened to towards democracy. By this time I was already leaving my American dream in America. And how did you get out of prison? So it was the pope Amnesty, it was the, the pope was coming in and they start releasing political prisoners. So after coming out, it's actually funny story because I was arrested in the winter time.


So all the clothes I had was just winter and a big old coat, you know, big boots that the, the strings were already broken. The hat, the, the ball, the, I mean the cap. And I remember they let me out and they say, okay, this is your clothes. Now there's a ticket for to your city and buy, you know, get out. So when I left, I was, I looked like a bomb, you know. So I remember I was walking, like showing my shoes because they were falling there and have strings in it. So until I get to the town, I had to walk from prison, maybe like three miles to town to get the train and they change the train. So yeah, I do look like a bomb. And people are like, oh, look at this guy.


No, that is a bomb. In Poland, it was normal for people. Even if they went to take trash out, they wanted to look good, they wanted to dress, they just dressed themselves. So they looked decent. They was not like sweatpants or something. You just go, I do it now. Right. But at that time you always put something, some nice clothes wherever you were outside. Like for me, I remember I had a special clothes for the Sundays to go to church or like a church clothes that I was not allowed to wear at home or anywhere else except going to church because it was special occasion. So people are there. So seeing me as a bomb, were they walking this shoes and anti shoes, you know, big jacket in the, in, in, in the summertime is was I think outside for a lot of Polish people there.


So yeah. Where did you go? Do you want, do you want Back? I walked to the train station, then I took the train to my city and there was no cell phones at the time. So like, my mom didn't even know anything. And yeah, I just took the, I didn't have the money to pay for the bus ticket. So from the train station, I just took part of it, started walking. But it was so unpleasant that eventually I illegal jumped on the bus and say like two, three stops. I just went. And then I walked back home and that was it. So my mom was very happy. She couldn't believe, you know, my siblings too. And, but yeah, that was it.


And I now I thought, okay, so now I'm done with president, what's next? So try to find a job, try to do something, try to sell my life again. And so of course I resume training the TaeKwonDo and kickboxing. I switch kush I to TaeKwonDo. 'cause I like it better. Also, the, I like the people there, they have a similar mentality to mine. They didn't mind to fight. They like to fight, they like to fight on the streets. So that was just like a more, like a good group of people, you know, there's less sport, more fights. And so when I wouldn't try, try to resume my life, but then coming out from the trainings, very often I, I had the police car or sometimes civilian cars pulled in, get handcuffed, thrown in the car, drove around the town for a few hours, sometimes drove outside the town and drop, or usually they drop me off outside of town and then I had to walk back home.


But it was not so much to terrorize me. They knew they cannot terrorize me, but there was to terrorize people around me. I say, yeah, you know what, don't do that. Don't be, don't hang out with this guy. And eventually at daytime was okay, I can take a bus or something, go back home. But at night where the buses are working, sometimes I had to work four or five miles to home. So eventually I decided one day I may not come back from those exclusions time, time to go, time to leave. And I went to US embassy, ask for help. I went to US embassy because at that time America was as it always is, But it is that beacon of freedom.


This is where people look up to. I remember dreaming like, why Poland cannot be like America, you know? And what happened too, when I was going to this very exclusive school in Warsaw that my father set up set it up for me. My, I had to travel, change the buses and they changed. The bus was change. The stop was by the US Embassy. So I remember, I love just to go up there because at that time they had those glass displays where they have pictures from America. There were information America. So I remember even before the Marshall, even before I got political, I just love to look at it and see, wow, you know, I love to dream.


So sometimes it was so nice that I remember missing the bus, you know, I say, fuck this bus, you know, I just, I want to read this. So I was, I did read that and, and I was always fascinated. I like to pick to the fence and they see the big powerful, beautiful cars. I was like, my there, this is a, this is the country. Those are the three people. Why, why aren't we dead today? Those glass displays are taken down for security reason, I guess. And I, I, I still, when I went last time I've seen, I went up there because for me is very nostalgic. But yeah, that was gone.


Wow. And so you got, you put In and Yeah, I asked for, I told them what happened and I say, I would like to just, I would like to escape Poland. I would like, I need help. They, you know, I didn't even the wildest dream, I would think they would allow me to come live in America. It was just like, well, but I have to try. So, so I went to ask, you know, I find out, like I asked for the, they asked for documents and all that stuff. I did. And so I got like within I think very short time like a documents stating that yes, the visa will be granted to me when I get Polish passport. So I basically, that was normal procedure at the time.


And a lot of political refugees came through this way to either to America or different countries. My choice was always America. And, and so once I got that promise, I could apply with that. I could apply for passport. Otherwise you cannot get the passport in Poland. So with this, I applied for passport. It was, the passport was given to me and I got a visa, got the green card, and actually I 94, that was the first, I think first document, which was a later exchange for green card. The, eventually I became US citizen. But yeah, so I, this, this is my, that's where my journey became, became.


That's one thing I would like to mention too. During martial law, you know, when everything was banned, like the solidarity insignia, solidarity, like lapel pans, they were just forbidden. You could not wear it. So people started wearing American flag as as, as a resistance, as a show, we are free, you know, we want to be free. So I remember that. So that we had, we all had the American flags. Communists got tired of it. I remember my city because at the martial law, they had the roadblocks. So they once every while they stopped bus or something, everybody has to embar. They were checking documents. And so if they found the solidarity trading your pain, you could get beat up on and haul up your ass to jail.


But with American flag, they just could not really do that much. You know, they, at least they did not to the point. 'cause I remember with the, the time that I got stopped in on the checkpoint, when they pull us out, they rip our flags, American flags off, and they stomp them in the ground. So the funny, that's not funny, but, so we're back on the bus and then the guy, as the bus was moving, the guy say, ah, fuck you we're gonna get more. We're gonna buy more American flags. And, and when they stopped the bus, they pull everybody out and they grab the, I think, I don't think it was the guy who we, who mouth off to them.


There was, they just picked the first guy. They could easier grab. They grab him, they drag him, and they, and they drag him to the police van while beating him with, with those rubber rubber sticks all the way on the way to it. So now you can leave. So we're like, we like, okay, well maybe we don't say anything, we just buy new American flags. So yeah, that, that, that's, that American flag was always for us, for many of us. That kind of freedom that were you that drive did any, and then I came to leave here. Did your, did any of your siblings or your mother come with you? No, no. They stay, they, that time they stay, they stayed there. And my sister is still there. She's still, she's living her own life.


She has her own business now and they have peaceful, nice life. So they enjoy it. And they, and I'm, I'm here. I, when I was living Poland, I, I was saying goodbye to Poland forever. I didn't, I have my passport. I I'm going to post on my website. My passport is only one way. So it's a step you can cross, can cross polish border one time only. So I say, well, that's it. Wow. And yeah. Was it hard to say good goodbye? Well, it was, I was anxious, not, not really that much, But it was more difficult for my family, my mom. 'cause they, the way we understood, we never gonna see each other.


So for me it was like, well, you know, I have to go because if I don't, then I'm, I may not last long. And yeah, I remember I was just like, you know, had a bag of my clothes and I had the $20 because you had to have a $20. And I walk up to the plane and left. That was it. Wow. So yeah, that, that's how my journey started. The funny thing is that I always was dreaming about having a tape recorder, like little tiny tape recorder. Never had one. So I say, wow, you know what? I have $20 in Germany because I flew to Germany, stay in Germany for like three weeks. And so I go and buy me one.


So they all $20 I spent on the tape recorder. So when I landed in New York, I had only 10. The, the, the change that I got for the tape recorder was 10 10 Phoenix. So this like, I think 5 cents was German coin. So that's, that's how I landed in New York. Wow. Bag of clothes. And I didn't speak English. Well, let's take a quick break. Yeah. And then when we come back we'll get into the US Yeah. That's, that's the, no, you can cut out from me. Whatever you want to cut out. But We're not cut down anything. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's a wow.


Well you know what, like my story, whether in the book or taught here, I don't want people see as a, well the guy just came and bitch about the socialism, communist, we all know the communist bad. I want them to, to this to be a prism, a lens so they can see America maybe from different vantage point. 'cause I see very often people, especially the young, younger generation, educated with this anti-American universities, they hate us outright hate America, you know? And so I want them to see the America through, I would say different eyes, you know, different, different vantage point.


So maybe they can change their mind because you know, that's, I tell you, I've, I some of the hate towards America, I've seen from our own citizens. I didn seen that the terrorists we were hunting in the Middle East. So that's, that's what is disturbing for me. Not all, but I did run across people with so much hate towards America, our own citizens. And this is a product of these universities, this anti-American universities, this Marxist with a Marxist communist band and communist professors and teachers. So, Geez. Yeah, we did a damn good job painting that picture.


What's that? You did a damn good job painting that picture.


Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. That's right. More than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale college's free online courses. I personally recommend you sign up for Hillsdale's free course on the genesis story. Genesis is a book of fundamental importance for the Christian faith and has had a profound influence on western civilization. This free online course explores the complex relationship between God and man, the consequences of a sin and the path towards reconciliation. The course is self-paced, so you can start and watch wherever you want. It's important to me and my faith to study the history behind these teachings. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss.


I used to wonder how to truly wake up feeling refreshed in the morning with the energy to hit my days head on. And I finally found that using Helix Mattress, it really helps me settle into the deep sleep I need every night that I could never get with any of my old mattresses. Sleeping on a helix mattress helps me feel recharged every day, and it's made such a huge difference in my life. If you are wanting to experience the best night's sleep every night, go to helix sleep.com/ss. They can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences help you if you have snoring issues, if you're sleeping too hot, or if you need extra back support. So many of my listeners are getting the best sleep of their lives with Helixes, high quality, breathable, and full body supporting mattresses. Go to helix sleep.com/ss right now for 20% off sitewide. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off. Sitewide helix sleep.com/ss


BOND CHARGE is here to help you optimize your life with evidence-based holistic wellness products. BOND CHARGE can help you perform at your peak and help you recover faster. If you're struggling to detoxify or just need to unwind and reduce stress, I've been there and I found my solution. With the help of bond charges infrared sauna blanket. After using the blanket they sent me, I can feel a difference in my back and muscle pain levels. Their infrared sauna blanket can help raise your heart rate and help detoxify your body by sweating out toxins. The infrared heat targets your body directly so you get all the benefits of a sauna without that intense heat you can read or even watch TV while it works. It's magic BOND CHARGE ships worldwide fast and offers a 30 day trial plus easy returns. Ready to feel your best. Visit BOND CHARGE dot com slash ss and use code SRS to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R g.com/ SS and use the coupon code SRS to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


All right, Drago, we're back from the break. And so a couple of interesting conversations we gotta revisit. That happened off camera one. You said you're a bad student now. You're a software engineer. Software engineer. Yes. Well, you know this, I was a bad student because I think that's, I didn't like to learn and that was my, I think maybe my personal challenge to stay focused on something and, and especially something that I didn't like to do it. I like to play soccer. I like to kickbox, I like to fight. So I didn't have, I was not the best student. But yeah, this like software engineering is fascinating, is like having a puzzle and you solve the puzzle and, and it trains your brain to, to memorize things, to remember things and using the tools.


It is fascinating. It's a, and you build things, you know, just like you are designer and IT, software engineering is more like an art than it is a science, but it's also big art involved it because you can solve the problems. It's about solving the problems and you can solve the problems in so many ways. So many different things you can do to accomplish your task is, is fantastic. I love it. I mean, this is something that is, was very fascinating to me. Matter of fact, the way I started it was in the SEAL teams. So I was the only seal who having a cruise box, cruise box with gas, have another cruise box with books and another one with full computer.


There were no laptops at the time. Well, maybe there were, but I couldn't afford one. So I had a big monitor, big computer, keyboard, mouse, and I with it. If we deploy to, like when we deployed to Germany or, and or to Bosnia, I had that all shabang with me. Matter of fact, when we came back from deployment, we were carrying guns back into the SEAL teams. So we picked the case with the guns, with the, with the guy, just carried it in. Then picked my case to carry to my cage and say, what the fuck is in this box? How do we have a guns in it or something? I say, no, it's just my laptop and my books. 'cause there was no internet at that time, so I had to have a book. So I carry books with me. Damn. But I love it. It is, it is fascinating world.


And then we had, we had a conversation too. We have to get this about TaeKwonDo and I was talking about Palmer Lucky's cameras and then somehow that morphed or helmet and then somehow that morphed into Oh yeah. Morphed into cameras. And then basically you guys critiquing yourself on the street, Right? We're talking about the cameras. Yes. When I was growing up, there was no cameras. You can have a camera maybe like the one with this little crank on it. And it was hard to get, like I never had one and I don didn't know even anybody who had one. So for us to progress in that, in fighting in the kickboxing, TaeKwonDo, we just need to critique each other.


So matter of fact, this is why I switch from Karta Kushing Kai to TaeKwonDo at the time is not like this today. I need to, I know I, I don't want to offend anybody who is practicing TaeKwonDo today in Poland to, to today. TaeKwonDo is very inclusive to all kinds of people. And it is very, very, I would say civilized is very, is very, not only educational, but also very healthy. But at that time, you know, we just decide to, especially when our teacher from Laos claim and was telling us that, you know, fight on the ring is one thing.


It's fairly safe, but you need to be good. We want to be good fighter. We need to fight on the street. Well, he didn't have to say twice to us that right? We just like, hey, right on. Let's let, let's, let's do it. So the way we did it, it was just pick the people on the street who looked more rough or like trying to somebody who was willing to fight. And it was not difficult to find people like this in Poland at the time. So we go, and the way we did it is like, okay, so I I'm going to go first. I'm going to beat up this guy and you guys will watch, this is what I'm going to do. I'm gonna use this technique, this technique, this technique, and you grade me. Basically, you, they were, they were the cameras of our, the eyes of my fellow buddies from TaeKwonDo.


They were the cameras of our times. So, you know, you go up there, you use your technique, you beat the guy up. And again, I'm not proud of it today, but I have to say, say clearly, But it was the way I leave the life at the time. So, and you critique me. And, and so after the fight was over, the guy was laying unconscious. The guys come in and say, okay, well you, you miss your technique right there. You could emphasize a little bit more. That kick was not very strong. Or you miss the guy here where you could actually do more damage or do this, this. So that was our techniques and that's, that's how we, we got really good at it. We got really good at it. To the point that we didn't look for a single people anymore.


We just wanted like how let's challenge ourselves. Let just beat two people at the time. So it was, sometimes it was difficult to find like a group of people to beat up. So if we found one, usually it was like whoever called first was able to beat them up. Sometimes it was so hard to tell. 'cause we were like, yeah, the mind, the mind we had to draw the straws who will be beating them up and this is how we practice. So we just woke up to the guy who started the fight. And in Poland, again, it was not very difficult to do it because almost everybody was fighting everywhere. And then we practice our technique or two, three guys and it was become more actually interesting than beating just one, the guy.


It was very simple thing. But now we have two or three guys and now, now you can show your art. I would say you can show your way of how you master your techniques, your reaction time and all that stuff. So that was very interesting. And some of them, you know, like we didn't know, we didn't pick people who, 'cause you couldn't know if they, the the guy, the guys to beat up were martial artists too or not. But we did, we we, we just, you know, like taking chances and sometimes the guy had actually martial arts training was, or boxer or wrestler. So they were hard to beat up sometimes, you know, sometimes like you have two, three guys and one of them is like, you know, is not really reacting to your punches.


You have to actually strain yourself to knock the guy out. But that was our training, that was our, the cameras were our eyes and the, the review was our critique how the fight went. Wow. And that was, you know what again, who, who, whose idea was the safety pin? Oh, I don dunno where it came from, but oh yeah, that was came from, you know, when you fight, when you were fighting in Poland, when I was fighting in Poland, I, you know, I, I learned very quickly that, and I'm sure you experienced that when you start a fight, the guy gets b doubled by and say, okay, enough, Thank You. You better let me walk away. I'm fine. That's very dangerous thing to do.


What I learned very quickly because usually the guy recover and attack you again or come back with his friends. So then you have a fight on your hands or even more people to beat up. So with, with when, when, when we fought fight, when you used to fight there, we used to fight until the guy stopped moving. So it's not that, Hey, I didn have enough, enough. No, no, no, you, you don't tell me that to end. When I end the fight, I will tell you when I end the fight, most likely I you won't just be moving again. So you just beat the guy until he doesn't move right now he falls down, doesn't move.


But then we find out, and it happened to me actually, that one of the guys I think at the th fell in and he was already getting, turning blue and a panic didn. Didn't know what to do. I didn't know what happened. And there, thank God there was a nurse and say, gimme a safety pen, gimme a safety, somebody's safety pen. So somebody puts her safety pen and she kind of like hurt his tongue and pull it out, walking to the side, it was good. And say, you know, if something like this happen, you know, you need to make sure that his tongue doesn't, that person tongues doesn't fall in. So I, I say, well that's pretty cool, but you know, like, if, if you need to run and what do you do? Well, I guess you take the safety pen and pin his tongue to his lower lip and that he will leave too.


So this is how we start doing it. And sometimes police in Poland at that time, seldom intervened. People were so used to violence there that if there was a fight on the street and you could see two, three fights. When you walk through town, usually people just across the street go around, you keep walking down, there's like, it's not my business. You know, two people, three people are fighting. Let them fight it out, let them duke it out and just move on. But sometimes when police was coming, then you have to leave unconscious guy on the street. So we'll learn very quickly that the best way is just to use the safety pen, pull his tongue out, pin it to the lower lip rock to the side and just leave him there and he, he will leave.


He's not going to die. So, so that was kind of like a technique that we learned very quickly. And it's effective, it's lifesaving technique. I think. Last one I applied in Horton Plaza in San Diego already being a seal, I have to say I've never, it never occurred to beat a pinup guy's tongue to his lip after I bit him up. So he doesn't jump to death. I, I didn't think either until this guy almost die in my, on my eyes. Yeah, well, so that's, I learned there's a safer way. This actually the safety pen as a safety device, you know, you just ensure the guy doesn't die that he's fairly safe. That or it was his strong pain to them, to his lower lip.


It's not going to hurt him. You know, he wake up and I, I, I never had a, never had anybody complain about, well maybe they never, they never saw the A But It was effective a hundred percent I Guess. So that worked. Yeah. So let's get to, so you came to America, you had $20 In Germany. I spent in Germany on the tape. Tiny table recorder. You bought the tape recorder. Yes. So you had like five, I think you said 5 cents would New York in Germany, Phoenix. So Phoenix is like German. Mark has a hundred Phoenix. So I had the five Phoenix in my pocket bag of clothes from like old clothes from 1970s or whatever.


My mom could, you know, prepare for me. So, so I had the sweater. I think I still have it till today, somewhere in the closet, because didn didn't want to try right away with my mom, made by his hand, by her hands. So that's, yeah, that's how I came to America. Knowing nothing, knowing no English, only knowing that America is a free country. The people are living free here. And I can live as a free man here on this land and hopefully one day become American citizen if I'm good enough. Where do you go? No family, no money, no English. Oh, there was already Nowhere to live. People were waiting for me, actually.


So when I came in, 'cause I came legally, they organized like apartment for me. They organized the first, help me find the first job. You know, I, I didn't complain or, or how could I complain? I got the job as a janitor and I was happy as I can be, Sean. I could pay for my own apartment, my own money. I didn't have to borrow the money. I could buy my food, you know, and I was living in the apartment with air conditioning, with, you know, telephone. There was something unusual in Poland and air conditioning. I only, I didn't even know how it works.


I never, I never seen air conditioning. I heard about this c climatization in apartments, but having apartment with air conditioning, good god, I felt like a king. You know, there was a project, there was like, apartment was like $180 a month and there was bunch of, you know, a lot of crimes, drugs, and prostitution. But who cares? You know, I had my own apartment and I could afford it. I could live in it. And, and then, you know, so my goal become now to learn English and to get different job, get better job, and to start English, because I was working as a janitor, so it was really, you know, physical work.


So I had the cartoons in my back pocket. So I had a map in one hand, and it's like, Jane loves Joe, Joe loves Jane, you know, I was just mapping the floors and, and that's like, okay, so I need to memorize that. So this is how I learn, basically how I learn English at the time. And this is why my grammar sometimes is still like the fans, Rachel, my wife, she's like, Hey, you don't say this way. You have to say it certain way. And, and, but yeah, this, this is how I started. This is how I learn English. Eventually, you know, I, I I improve and I went to school and, but that was my, that were my first beginning.


And I tell you, the patience of American friends who helped me, who set me my life here, I mean, is so incredible. Sean, I, I, I offended so many people, unintentionally not even knowing about it. I remember I was invited by the church after the mass on Sunday in the room, so I can, the parishioners can meet this new Polish immigrant and staff in, I can mingle with those great people, great American friends. So I walk into the room and the pastor came with a big plate of cookies and just like, so happy, you know, everybody is like smiling and, and happy.


So I took this cookie and, and Polish language is not such sound. Like th so somebody advised me to use f like, Thank you that came out like, fuck you. And so when I took this cookie and I could, I knew that I say something wrong because right there I could hear the gasps like everybody, so I'm holding this cookie and it like, what the hell did I say wrong? I say, Thank You, but was said, fuck you. So, but there's like, older gentleman came out and say, look, what he's trying to say is he looks at me and say Thank You. So I like, yes, that's what he trying to say.


So, so, you know, like there were things like this, the borrowed moments, the, I was invited to party, like swimming, swim, swimming pool, family party from the parishioners and they have a grill set up and everything. So of course I want to represent myself the best I could and, you know, be that good American. I want to be, I just want to look good there. So I went and I found the skies, the shortest shorts I could find. I would, you would call it banana hammock, I guess today. And I thought, this is really cool. I will look really good.


I think these people admire me, you know, that's like, that I really represent myself well. So as soon as I walk into that pool, I can see a whistle and people being ushered out of the swimming pool in the behind the building somewhere. And somebody calls me say, Hey, come on here, we have a shorts for you. So they took me to the room, they gave me big shorts. Oh, I didn't, I didn't argue. I just like, yes sir, yes sir. You know, in Poland at the time, in 1980s, this, the shorts like we were today, only fat people and old people were. So there was no, if somebody see you in those shorts, they think that you are just like weird guy. So everybody was there.


The skimpiest, the shortest, the smallest, the, the, the, the swimming trunks the better. So I was, I just didn't know. And, and another thing too, like I remember first few days I was staying with all their family parishioners in the church. So they, sometimes they give me a ride around the Memphis and I was trying, and they give me a dictionary, first dictionary. I have it today with their corrections on it. I have it in my home. Actually, I'm going to post on, on my website. So I was trying to tell them, impress them that I am learning English, I'm using this dictionary. So as we drive, I'm looking and say, this is house.


It's like, yeah, yes, good. You know, this is man, this is woman, you know, and just like reading and trying to find out what it means. And they were pretty happy until we came. And I see the black guy walking on the street and find out, what is the black guy? Okay, this is a, that ugly word. I was not the ugly, But it was the ugly word. You know, there's something there very offensive to, to, to, to I guess anybody to me too. By the time I didn't know and they almost wrecked the car, this woman jumped out. Say, where did you, well, she's yelling me, I don't understand what, she takes this dictionary from me and slowly, this is bad.


No, no, no. Wow. And she scratched that word and wrote black man, I say, I say black man, this is black man. And you know, it was at the last thing on my mind or in my heart, we to offend an American or anybody, especially American, especially friends. So I just didn't know any better. So yeah, as you can see, my progressing through my learning how to live in American society, it took its toll on me too, because I was trying to be so good and sometimes it just backfired at me.


But it was never intentional mistake, maybe, maybe one. When eventually I got the job as a sub mechanic. There's a story just in itself how I got the job. And then so the mechanic, the shop foreman invited me to say, Hey, let's have a steak today. There'll be a couple other mechanics come in, so let's go have a party, say party. Yes. So show up. And we, he gave me a steak, Sean. That was the first first time in my life I seen that one big piece of meat in one, in one piece. So I'm looking at it, it's like, I think five or six of them.


But then, so like Jim, by this time I spoke about English. So it's like a entire town is coming here to the party or what he say, no, no, it's just, so Are you telling me I can eat the whole steak in Poland when you had the meat, you slice it like, like a razor blade and you use the meat, at least in my home, not to, to feel yourself, use the meat for the taste, but you feel yourself with the potatoes or, or, or, or bread. So I'm just like, how be entire, it was the first time I had an entire big tune, like a break of meat in my life. So I was so grateful to him. So they knew I was doing kickboxing earlier and I say, well, show us something.


You know something, show us something, you know, we have a few beers. I say, okay, I'll show you. I show you the, the basic punch, what I like to punch people with, and can I punch this wall? He say, yeah, sure. I thought it's a concrete wall in Poland. The walls are concrete. All those concrete plates. So lar on this wall, boom. But there was a freaking dry sheet wall. So my fist went through one wall in, went out in his bedroom on the other side. That was embarrassing. I would say, dude, I am so GI am so, so sorry. I didn't mean to destroy your house. I just wanted to show, you know, the, the punch. I didn't think there's, I thought there was a concrete wall and he just, they thought it was funny.


So, but I, I say I'm, I'm going to go and fix it, but I say, no, no, no, that was fine. I will keep it for a while. So I have a story to tell. So Yeah. So the, the things like that were, were, were, were a bit different. How, how Old were you when you came to the us? 24. 24 years old, not 23 going 24. How long did it take you to learn English? I'm still learning English Enough to be able to Communicate. Yeah, but to communicate, I think it took me maybe to be fairly efficient to convey my thoughts. I think maybe six months, seven months. Wow. That's impress. But please remember I had to do it on my own. So the bed is easier to learn the right way than learn the bad way and then correct this.


So I still make a lot of mistakes when I speak and which is obvious to people around, maybe not for me so much, but my wife always says like, well, you know, you just, you just funny. So I'm not going to correct you because sounds good, sounds sounds funny. So keep going. So yeah, she's, she, she domesticated me. So I'm like fully, I, well I consider myself now fully domesticated. She always, when you ask her, she will tell you that I'm still project under construction. So I'm, I'm still, I still have edges to, to, to, to polish. But I'm, I'm working on it. So where did you go?


Where did you go From New York? From New York. I went to Memphis. So Memphis, Tennessee. This is where I started my American dream. And again, this is something that I, I always say it, I would never succeed. Maybe not the way I succeeded, if not American people, if not American culture, if not the help I got from people who didn't know me from Adam. There were people coming to my apartment. I had no furniture. So I was thinking, wow, this, I have my apartment, this is great. I can sleep on the floor. No, they brought me a bed, they brought me shelves. They, everything that I had, this apartment I got from my American friends, they were coming to me, bringing me clothes because the clothes that I had from like, from seventies, and it really wasn't, didn't fit in.


I wouldn't fit between people. So they were bringing me clothes, they were bringing me food. If I, because you know, my, I think I had like $20 a week left after I pay my bills to buy food. So they were just checking my freezer, just coming in. Say, Hey, you know what? I think you need this. Let me bring you some hamburger meat. Let me bring you a cereal. Well, with cereal itself, this is something that I, I, I never seen it before in my life. And then when I was taken first time to shopping, to grocery shopping, for me, it was like a, going from the normal war into side fiction, into science fiction movie, right inside it.


I've seen so many things I never seen in my life. And it happened. I was on the aisle with the cereal box. I didn't know what it was, But it looks, this boxes looks so nice, so good that there's loaded on my whole cart with the boxes. My American friends who helped me with the shopping, they were just laughing and say that, dude, you know, easy. Like, okay, if you own it, yeah, you got it. So I just load my whole shopping cart with the cereal. I was eating the cereal for a year later, but I, I learned to like it. So my favorite was Krispies, the rice. Rice Krispies Rice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love that. And then the one, that one and the chocolate one. So there was like milk with it. I love that. How did you wind up at Memphis?


Well, when I came to my Germany, I started in Warsaw to Germany. In Germany, the political refugees, they had a center there. They're just only for political refugees where we spent time waiting for sponsor or somebody to help us assimilate in American society. So we had the people from state department coming in through this three weeks telling about America, you know, what to expect in America, how to leave, what's the best way to go about things? What do we need to do when we arrive to America? So there was a great help.


I was like sponge, trying to, so all the information and, and, and then I remember I was calling the office and say, do I have any preferences where I would like to settle down in America? I say my preferences is to settle down in America. I don't care when, But if you ask, because I was speaking Polish, if you ask, I would like to go somewhere where is hot, like, hot, hot. I'm tired of being called in Poland. We didn't have a good close. I was always freezing. So I'm like, I'm so sick and tired being called, put me somewhere where is hot. So it's like, well what do you think about Memphis Tennis?


They took me to the map. Show me the map. Do you know anything about Memphis, Tennessee? Well, I know, I knew that Elvis Pressley was from Memphis, Tennessee. So I told him, ah, I know Elvis Pressley is from Tennessee. Yeah, great, you know it, But it said hot up there. I said, yeah, it's very hot. I said, sign me up. I, I, I mean, and they shipped me up to, to New York, back to Memphis. So this is where I start my life. Got my first job as a janitor, then as a PS man, then as a mechanic, you know these funny things, like I, I didn't have a, I never had a car. I didn't even know in Poland, anybody, any, I didn't, I did not have a friend in Poland who owned the car.


So that's, but those are European cars. Would you like to, can you work on European cars? Absolutely, yes. So they, they, they got me on the interview. There was a selling company. They're selling the Porsche sub and Audi. So the Porsche guy come in and said like, well, it's kind of expensive car. The guy doesn't speak English, know nothing about cars. So maybe we just set it, maybe not today. So then the Audi mechanic came in the same thing. And, and then we're waiting for the sub mechanic to come in and I hear this big sound roar of the Holly Davidon motor just running next to the, in the garage up there, the guy looking like a Sasquatch maybe looks like seven feet tall, walks in.


I say, hey. So that guy I like, yeah, SAB, I say, yeah, he looked at the, the team Presley was a, a service manager at the time, I still remember this name. He looks at a team and the manager said, I need a slave. Sign him up. And here we are. So we, we become the really good friends, if not the best friends. He told me everything about cars. I need to know I was clueless. I had no, I had no idea. So he told me everything about sab. I became really good mechanic to the point that even Mercedeses came later asked me if I want to work for them.


So this guy, there's the guy who invited me for the steak party when I broke his house with my fist. But so he, I remember trying to learn English. My English was still very difficult. I said, Jim, I have idea. You gonna read me the manuals and I will record you and can listen to it. I thought he would kill me. It's like, what did you just say? I'm going to read you like a mama story to children. I read you the ma and on the top of the sub sub manual. I say, yeah, he say, I was thinking for a okay, But if you tell somebody I fucking kill you.


So, so I still have, I still have a James's recording somewhere there because what helped me, I was explaining to him that if I read the words and I'm listening at the same time, it's easier for me to understand what it is. And also I'm learning English at the same time. So this is the guy half gangster and the guy who just wouldn't mind to go and just kill you if he had to and become like my bigger brother, you know, helping me out. So there is many things that happen later in my life that would not happen if not this guy, you know, I owe this guy so much. We lost contact after i, I left for the Navy.


But if he's there, if he's listening up there, you know, Jimbo, I remember. Wow. Yeah, that's cool man. It wouldn't surprise me if he's listening. What's that? It would not surprise me if he's less, Yeah, hopefully. Or maybe he, I know he had a son too. So they just great people. I, I owe them so much. I owe Jimbo. My, my, I think the way my career moved on in America is because this guy. So yeah. Where did you go from mechanics, From fan, from Memphis straight to the Navy. How did the, how did the Navy pop on your radar?


Well See, by this time I already became US citizen and I was living my American dream. I had everything I wanted. I was skydiving even I was teaching skydiving. I was teaching a FF, I was a FF jam master. So I was living my life out. And then the war broke out the first Persian war. So I say I am American and I have such a great life. So what can I do for my American friends are from, for America? I think I can serve in the war. I remember this funny thing because I decide to join the military. I didn't know Navy from army. For me it was military, it was military, army was everything.


So I was just one day in the post office and I see this, what do you call the draft cards where everybody needs to fill up for the high school kids. So I say, oh wow. I mean they, they are recruiting people even from post offices. I filled it up. I signed up for the army, the war is on. They're gonna get me soon. So I filled it up, mailed it off, came back to my apartment. I was living with some other skydivers and I start packing myself. I said like, well what Are you doing? I, you cannot just move out. You know, we have a contract here that we had to pay the rent and stuff. No, no, no. I say, I'm not moving out yet, but I'm packing myself because I'm going to war. I'm going to war to fight for America.


And she was like, whoa, wait a minute. How we didn't know anything. How did you sign it up? I say, I went to the post office, I filled it up, I sent it off and I'm just waiting for them to just come and get me. I said, I no, that doesn't work like that. You need to go actually assign to recruiting office. And the actually letter came in that, well, Thank you, but no Thank you. You are not required to fill this card. You are already too old for that. So I was like 32 at the time. So I say, okay, well the war is going on and I want to pay my freedom back. So I want to help and support my country, my America.


So I, I went to the army recruiting office and I said, Hey, this is who I am. This is what happened to me, me. This is why I'm here and I want to join military. I want to go to war. So it's like, where would you, okay, well sure there's in the uni preferences. Preferences, where would you like to serve? I said, well, whoever goes first to to, to in combat, sign me up. I had no idea. But it said like, sign me up, whatever. Go, go. I want to go to war fight on behalf of America and American people. So they, they're like, okay, infantry. I said, I don't, I don know what infantry is, But if you say so I'm, sign me up so they could proceed with the paperwork and everything.


And that was pretty close to everything being completed. And then Navy SEAL showed up in man leapfrogs, they were doing some demo jams. So they came to our drop zone to do some jams. I start talking to them and I still remember a guy, I know this team O'Hara, he, he was a firefighter in San Diego. So he's the guy I talked to. And he was just, I was like fascinated. He was a really good skydiver, you know. So we did many jumps together with also with his guys and, and he just talk me and say, look, look, you want to go on seals because you want to skydive right? In army you won't be skydiving, but you look skydiving to combat parachute jams and stuff. Why don't you go join Navy seals?


Like I didn't know what the seals were. For me it was not important to be a seal. It was important to serve America. So I say, okay, so, but I had to go to Army guys and tell them like, all this work you did for me, I'm sorry, but I'm going next door. So they, it was awkward because I make friends with them, but they say, well okay, I'll do it. I want, I want to join the Navy. So I went and grabbed the paper, went up there and they finish it up. And they were fair with me because they say, okay, you are 32 going 33. So you are not eligible for SEAL program 'cause you are too old. The cut of age is 28.


But if you sign this paper, you go to bootcamp, they make a seal out of you, you know, you look strong guy. So they're gonna make a seal out of you. I say, okay, well its again, my goal was not to join Navy Seals. My goal goal was to go join America in the war and support. So I say, yeah, that's fine. If not, I just, I will serve wherever America needs me. 'cause that was my idea. I didn't know where to go. So, so I signed it up and they told me, okay, we'll be fair with you. If you go as a undesignated, the Navy will put you on scraping decks or we do something that you might not like. Why don't you go pick the job in the navy?


So after bootcamp you go to your A school and then you go in their SEAL training if you fall out. I couldn't go in SEAL training at the time, but they didn't tell me that. So you go in seal training, you fall out, you'll fall back on your job. So you don't go scraping decks. You'll be doing whatever the navy train you to do. So I say, okay, so what's the best job? I say, well you like skydiving, right? I say, yes, parachute, reer. I say, okay, sign me up. Parachute reer. And so, but they say, okay, if you want to go parachute rigger, you will have to leave. So we we'll doing the paperwork maybe like three weeks later they county or a month later say, okay, to be a parachute rigger, there's two options.


Now you can go to bootcamp like next week and try right after the bootcamp your a school starts the para ring school or you have to wait like four or five months and then wherever the next parachute ring school is to coordinate it with you going to bootcamp and to school. So I was thinking like, shit, the word may end by this time, so sign me up for the closest one. I call my girlfriend, I say, Hey look, I'm leaving next, next week. I'm, I'm joining the Navy. I'm leaving next week. She's like, what? I say, yeah, let's get married. So, so we just got married. We, we ran, that was a Monday, I think Tuesday we ran like in the afternoon after her work to the, to the office in Memphis.


We found the judge who was already leaving, but I think we looked so desperate. He say, okay, let me just sign you up. So he married us and then I, I went on, I think on Friday I went to DEP into depth. Then I was sworn in and I, I think Saturday and Sunday I flew. They flew me and a few other guys from Memphis to Great Lakes to to to Illinois. That's how my adventure started. So that's, that's my beginning of my navy time. And again, I just wanted to serve. It really didn't matter where I serve, I would say my idea was to serve where America needs me.


That's whatever they, I can be useful. And, but I passed the, the, the test, the seal test. And so they did let you try out? They did, did let me try. Yes, yes. But so what they say that I will have to ask for the waiver for my age. And this is where I met. So in bootcamp, but then I had a kidney stone. So they see, okay now, and I still have this document today that does not disqualify me from SEAL training from the program. But I have to wait for at least a year or two before I can reply again because the kid on my cure, I have the document at home.


And then so I say, okay, what is that? It's not a big deal. I just want to serve. And so I graduated from bootcamp as a number one recruit. I'm very proud of it because, you know, like my English was still not perfect and, but I always, I excel in the, like academics. I excel in the pt, I excel in everything that I did. So I was selected to be the number one graduating recruit from the entire bar. So I got the military excellence award from bootcamp. I'm very proud of it. And then I had the good instructors too. So then I went to a school, and this is where I met Jason Cabell, my friend of mine, really good friend of mine, we later met in Iraq in Baghdad doing combat together.


So like I couldn't swim very well 'cause I never seen the ocean. I never seen the sea, he says, but he was so sure he's going to make, and he couldn't swim, his swim even worse than I do. So he was like very, so for me it was inspirational because he can I look, this guy is struggling, struggling to just stay on the surface and he's going to be a seal, so I'm going to make it too. So, so we were having that. We tried to swim and, and all that stuff. We got better. Of course he went to bats. I had to wait for my, for my orders first. But even before I wait for my orders, I went on the, in Millington in the A school I found the seal motivator was Les Barrio.


Rest in peace brother. And I went to him. I say, look, I have a document. I would like to be a seal if possible, but my documents in my medical record sites, I had a kidney stone. So I cannot apply for the program for like year or two years. And he looked me and said, okay, well can you pass the test? I said, yeah, I pass the test, bring me your documents. At that time there was no electronic documents. So he wrote me the check, I ran with it to medical, got my medical record, came to him and said, okay, here it is. Said okay, step outside. I step outside and just listen. And they're like, All right, come on in.


So look, he, he, he's sitting at his desk. It's like, look, I look through your medical record. I really can't find anything about a kidney stone. Can you help me find it? I say, yeah, it's right here. And so we look and say, no, it's not here. He look at me and say, Are you sure you had the kidney stone? And by this time, I'm like, I'm sure I didn't. Okay, that's good enough. So, so, so yeah, they put me on hold after the graduate from also graduate, I think one on the top on the class. So then I was waiting for the waivers. And I think the waiver was granted to me because I excel in everything I did. I did so well. And they, I think they seen that maybe, maybe this guy because of his age, maybe his age will not inhibit him a lot.


But we, we give him a chance. So eventually after like maybe two months being on hold in the, in the A school, I got my orders to bats. I called Jason Cabal. I said, brother, I'm coming after you. He gave me a tape. I still remember the tape. I still have it at home. The tape that he gave me, it was the little cassette we used to play. So I was just playing it on the, on the, on the road. 'cause I was driving to California to San Diego. So wow. That's how my Navy career started and how my seal career started. Did you have any idea what a seal was at that time? No. Other than Scott Divers? No, except them. Well, they show me the, the, the, the, the video and recruiting station.


I say, wow, this is really cool, but what's the difference between army? You know, it's like, it looked like a army to me. But you know, it was, was a uni that this guy recommended to me. And if I could get up there, it's fine. But again, Ted was not the driving that's not motivate me to join the Navy. So for me it was not really that important. But my imagine the way I imagine seal training was there will be at present. So I, I couldn't think of any other way. Those are special forces. So they will lock you up there in some camp and you'll be just going through all these evolutions. You'll be going through all the training, totally isolated from people.


That was my imagination. And I was thinking like, well, you know, I'm married now, it'll be kind of sad for my wife, but well I survive communist prison. I that, that at least here they don't try to kill you. Right? They just try to make you better and like in communist prison. So, so I say I'll be fine. Well that was just as you know, is is not dead. There is no prison actually. You have enough freedom. They give you enough rope so you can hang yourself if you are not careful with what you do in, but they, they, you just have to manage not only the training, but you need to manage yourself as well. So I remember a lot of guys going out and partying and drinking and I would love to do it too.


And I did sometimes too, but for me it was more often it was Ben Gay, you know, robbing on my bachelors and like, oh god, I need to survive tomorrow will be maybe better tomorrow I feel better. Let's hope so. So like as they were drinking, I was robbing the ben gay myself, trying to put myself better in the bed and trying to go to bed early. But it helped, you know, I did well, I did very well. You know, it's like never, I was rolled back only in the, at the beginning of the first phase because I get infection in my leg. They got the me, I got the m s A on the back of my thigh. Ohsa so swollen so bad that I, I couldn't put my pants on. So actually I had to cut my pants to go to medical, but I figured out this, so okay, I'm not going to tell them anything.


I just go through the rest of this week. It was like two more days with the leg like this on Friday, right after the, they shut down the evolutions, I would run up to Balboa to hospital, let them fix it. So I'll have three days basically to heal and I should be okay. Well, didn't work that way. I went up there, they did cut this big piece, the big white piece out of it, and it was thick, like my pinky and, and my leg was coming down a little bit. I could put my pants on. So, but then in the morning, Monday morning when I was driving to by the swollen again, so I had no choice, but I had to go to our medical in bath and tell them what happened.


So what I find out is Balboa just, they cut this out and just let me go instead of irrigating it for maybe like an hour. And that's what they did. They actually gave me antibiotics. They put me on the, on the gurney and they put the IV into my, in that big hole in my leg. And they keep irrigating from like two, three hours. And like my legs, the, the, the swelling came out and everything was good. So they banded my legs and I came back, said, we have to roll you. I said, you can't roll me. I said, no, we have to, we have a mat flats where we are going to, you cannot go with leg like this and the hellwig legs, you cannot go to Hellwig with the leg like this.


So I was really like broken, you know, I was like, holy shit, you know, I don't want to be wrong. I, I said, please let me stay in the class. So I think there was instructor grades, no instructor fit Henry. He says like, okay, if you can run here five sprint around five times around this thing, am I keeping in the class? So I say, right on, you know, so, but I had to still get a cat on my pants because, you know, I, I had to, I couldn't put them on. And I ran, I ran to all these fives and stuff. I said, can I stay? It's like, nope, 180 5. So there was from my 180 4, right the beginning before the mud flats I got rolled to 180 5.


I had to start again. But it allow me to heal my leg. I don't think I would be able to, I would make through hellwig with this big open wound on my leg with infection in my leg and leg swollen like the elephant leg. Wow. So yeah. So there was, that was my, my first phase. And that What did you think, what did you think of buds? Did you find it difficult being from your I found it physically very difficult, but I didn't find it mentally difficult because maybe when I, when I came to bat, I was thinking that this is going to be hell that in is in the hell that this is going to be extremely, and it was physically, but mentally, like for some reason the instructors yelling, calling names and all that stuff didn't face me.


I kind of expected it. I thought that this is actually, I thought it was funny because like I didn't do anything, got yelled for nothing. So I didn't show it to instructors that I think it is funny. I took everything seriously. When they say drop down, I didn question. I drop down and push it out. Whatever I was told to do. And I did, I think very well actually one of the instructor, instructor time that just looked me, I said drop down 50. So I just looked 50, I think it was the first phase. So the first phase, you don't do 50, but, so I did it, I said down I crown. He just looked at, said, well, you know what, I think I like you. Get the fuck out of here. Go back in the, in, in, in, in the class. So, and then in the hell week you remember that there's a time after maybe two, three days when they get you together and they ask you, okay, tell me why you come, you come here to bat.


And I just have to tell them what was there. So I hear guys, well I came here to try to be the best I'm here to, and I will try to finish this training, give my best and sense. So and so when they ask me, I say, fuck, I didn't come here to try. I came here to become a seal. And either I will, my body will break down or you kick me out. But I, I'll come out of, of this as a, as a I'll graduate from this program. I didn't came here to try. I, I mean I didn't come here to try. They got mad, but they, I know they liked it because I, I I, I can see them like right on. And then, you know, so there's a lot of things like this with the knives. You know, we had these knife inspections, so they always called me because my knife, you know, there was like cheesy knife, fairly cheap.


And they got the, you have to maintain them very well. I could put my knife just the edge, like on my hand, on my arm and just let it slide. It would shave your hand. They were dead sharp. So they're the, they were calling me sometimes to demonstrate to other classes how, how you know, how to maintain the equipment. Also on the swim, remember I, I couldn't swim very well. Neither was Jason Cabell. And not only did I couldn't swim very well. I could swim only on one side, the side stroke. So then on the top of it, they put the mask on me. I have never swim with mask in my life. This is the really thing. I, I thought I would drown.


'cause I remember I was swimming, I couldn't breathe because my, the mask closed my nose and I was, I was breathing as much water, I think as much the, the, the air. And I, when I came out of that pool after the first few swims, my belly was so big that just, I, I could feel water sloshing in it. And there were times that I remember I was swimming. I was like, I about to pass out. Actually, I, I, I have so much water in my lungs and I have black spots in my eyes, but that's like, if I stop, they will kick me out. So I know they are watching. There are instructors there. If I pass out, I'm not going to die.


So I just like, you have to trust them and slowly become easier and easier by the end of my, those in the fourth phase was the pre-phase when they, when we finished, I was asked actually to demonstrate the new guys coming into that training, how to do the side stroke. So I was very proud of it. Wow, wow. So yeah. And Jason Kabar too. He became a very good swimmer. We, we are still friends, so we talked to each other and great guy was very inspira inspirational. Inspirational for me. So yeah. So you, you graduated buds at age 33? Yes. Is that correct?


Going 33? Yes. And we're checking to team in March, 2000, March, 1993. Seal Team two. Well, not very many people get through buds in their thirties. No, it is, I I think there's, there, there is very few people that made it, I think I'm among one of that few that not only made through buds or made through the seal teams, into the SEAL teams because as you know, very often people who made through bat, they still don't cut and they, they are either removed from SQT or today before it was s st t or they were being removed while in the platoon, either pre-work cup or during the event after the deployments.


Like, well, no, you Are, you are not the guy, so you need to leave. And I have friends that came with me or after me who made two bots to that selection check into the teams and they were sent to the fleet. So That was not easy, not easy for, for me being old because, and especially with my English too, I, I need to say that, but at that time, I was still at the stage that when you talk to me, I had to translate my certain polish before I speak to you. I had to translate on, on English.


But I, I guess I did it so fast, I was able to do it so fast that people seldom notice that, that the issues show up in the, in the CQB where you have to be on your feet, you have to be very fast. And that's when I really start, start occurring to me that I need to improve my English, I need to get better with my English matter of fact, when I came back from the first deployment, you know, when you come back from deployment, you pick the schools, I want to be a sniper. I want to go to diving school, sky Jumping School, I want to be instructor here. There. Well, for me, I didn't have a choice. I was sent to English 1 0 1 school right away.


So it is like the guys who were leaving, Hey, we're going to the Sniper School, which we were going drag with my, I was walking to the center up there, it's like English 1 0 1. But, you know, it helped me. It, it did make the big difference and it allow me actually to be successful in my career. How were you greeted at Seal Team two when you showed up? I think like most of the guys, I was beat up pretty much not, you know, not the like beat up, but I remember I didn't even make out of the building. So we checked the quarter deck, I check in the, with Master Chief, I think with xo, and I was told to later go to the supply, get my gear.


So as soon as I walk out in the building, the big courtyard in the Seal team two, those was the guys waiting over there. I say, okay, yeah, new, new f and g hop on the bars. I already knew, you know, that's like, you don't argue with these old seals, you just do what they say. So as I'm on the bars, the pull up, sit up, basically I did the whole, whole pt, the, the, the, the, the PT test that we do every year. And then they, they didn't want to 'cause my, my uniform. That was the nicest uniform I could have Chain, seal team two. I just, I press, I just pick every little thing, make sure that it's so perfect. So after this forced PT on the concrete, that looked like a, like, like, like shit, it was really bad, you know, the to up sweaty, dirty dust everywhere.


And, you know, my, my, my nice shoes scarfed. And so after they didn't want to walk me through quarter day because that was frowned upon. So they took me to the back gate. They woke me up when we started three Miles Run. And I said, okay, now you run, you have, we'll see your time, what you have. So now you see the dude with the torn up uniform holding his hat to his head running like crazy on the on base because it was on, on, on, on the, on, it was not in the team, it was in the base outside the SEAL teams. So I'm, I'm sure people were thinking, what this crazy guy, what happened to this guy here? And so I did that three miles round, came back. They say, okay, All right, go, go continue with your stuff now. So I went to supply, got my gun and the guns, got my, all my weapons and everything.


The, the, the, the, all the gear that I needed. I was assigned the cage in SEAL Team two, and I moved my stuff there. And as my careers, my, my Adventure with SEAL Team started. So that was my welcome to SEAL Teams. And you know, very often I was other new guys too. A lot of our new guys. And one day they say, okay guys, you are invited for Friday cagr at that time in Seal Team two and all the SEAL teams, I think Friday and ended at noon. So by the after pt, you just clean your gear, clean, clean yourself, and you can go home, accept in Seal team two, your tu you're required to attend the kegar.


So keg of bureaus waiting the high bay. So they say, Are you guys, you guys guys invited for the CAGR today, Friday? So me and other new guys, like, dude, those are so, I think they like us, you know, they invite us to, to have a party, to party with them, to mingle with these old guys, these old experienced sales. So I was so excited. I, I think we all were, but as soon as we walk in, you know, we got jumped tape, little bit kicked and beat up, hang on the chains and just like butts upside down, pull up on the, to, to the roof of the highway while these guys were drinking, you know, that, so they were drinking, laughing. We just were hanging like a butts all taped up.


Once every while they roll us down, they, they on the chains from chains, they had the dragger bag, you know, the bag from the diving rig with the pipe. So here new guy was stick your mouth and your mouth. They put the beer in it and just squeeze. And so goes everywhere. All right, drink enough, let's go back to rest. So that was our first days in the, in the teams. Today doesn't happen, at least we're not to that extent because it was frowned upon. But at that time there was like regular welcome to Seal teams and I didn't mind it. I mean it was okay, I've seen wars Where, so where was your, where was your first deployment? First Deployment we deployed to, there was in the, when the Bosnia happened, we deployed to Italy and it was the same time when our pilot got shut down.


So my platoon was one of the platoons that we were flying over the Adriatic close to the, if we could locate him, we could pick him up. So we were searching for him. The other unit actually was tasked with recovering him, but we were on standby ready to recover him. That was my first deployment. So we were, normally we deploy to Hanish to in England, in Great Britain. But this deployment was to, they put us in Italy. So we, that's where we stayed there, stayed throughout the first deployment. We, again, we didn't find the guy that somebody else pull our pilot out. But I'm proud of participating in these efforts.


Were you, were you upset that you missed the war? Well, at this time my, my concern was that I'm, I'm serving America. I'm, I'm, I'm doing good things for America and the war. Yeah, we, I wish I could get on it. It was kind of too late. So, you know what I learned later too, if you chase the war, you'll never find it. The war will find you just like happened to me later. But I was happy where I, where I was, you know, my idea was to join the military for the time of war.


And I had such a great life that after the war I would come back and I would resume my life. But then the life that I started in the Navy was even, it was so fascinating that I never left, I left 20 years later. So I was not upset, but I, I, I wish I I met the, that war. I, I wish I, I went to that war, but I missed it. And how was your wife? Did she follow you through all this? What's that? Your wife? My wife, yes. When you got married to, yeah, so then that marriage didn't last long.


See, the way, as you know, our schedule is constantly on the road. You constantly somewhere. The thing is in, what I learned to understand is as we do not have that, the routine, because our life change every month, every two months you go do something else. Our spouses usually stay in the same place. They have the same routine, they go to the same places and eventually they meet somebody they're interested in. And very often that marriage ends this way. So I didn't understand at that time I was really upset. But that's what eventually happened. So we did get eventually divorce and that's actually what it was later in the, in the SEAL teams when I came back from my deployment and the, the thing fell apart, but Well, we'll get there.


Yeah. When was, where were you when September 11th happened? When September 11th happened, I was on the, in the gym in Seal team two we're working out. I still vividly remember that somebody came in and say, Hey guys, I just, I just came back from quarter deck. The airplane hid one of the twin towers. So like most of us, there were some pilot of small airplane, got lost and killed himself. So sad. But let's go to work out. And then the other guy, another guy, there's a, those big jetliner that hit the towers and something is going on.


So we left the dream, went to quarterback and seal Team two we're watching hours, actually watching when these fucking bastards around the, the second airplane flew the second airplane to another second tower. I was watching it. I knew we were gonna be haunting these scumbags. I knew that their time is up and we'll be killing them hopefully soon. I was watching that and it is still very vivid in my memory. Yeah. What were the prelim conversations that were happening after that at the SEAL team Still time to start killing these bastards?


You know, the SEAL teams, I think is the, the attitude is a bit different. Like, you know, when I went to Iraq, especially after what I've witnessed, what I seen on September 11, I did not go there to win hearts and minds fog their hearts and their minds. I want them to kill them, kill them to kill the terrorists. I didn't that, that, that's, that's, that's all I was thinking. That kill as many, as many you can. The only regret I have in from Iraq, we didn't kill enough of them because, and I'm taking sir taking it very seriously because even today, decades after what the war, what, what happened there, I still question myself.


What if we get that son of the, if we kill his bastards, if we didn't get him, let him get away. If we kill the son of the bitch, maybe one of my brothers, our brothers would come back home. Whether it was Army, Marines or, or, or, or the Navy, you know, that's for us. They're all brothers and they, we all in that fight together. So sometimes Iwell on it, you know, maybe we, if we could kill the bastards, get rid of them, then that would be some of our brothers would come back, you know? 'cause I believe that, you know, the best way to win War on Terror is to terrorize the terrorists.


I am terrorist Terrorizer, IIII have no qualms dealing with these scam bugs. They, they, you cannot reason with terrorists, you just have to kill them and get rid of them. And that's was my attitude when I went to Iraq to fight on behalf of America and American people. And so how, how long was it, how long was it after September 11th that, that you, Well you, so the West Coast was already in the war, right? They, they were fighting that, that there was a, I think, I dunno when the invasion happened, like March or something, 2003 on in Iraq, something at the beginning of the year we deployed when my platoon Seal platoon deployed to Central South America at the time.


So we're working there in the middle of deployment. I get a call, say, Hey Drago, this is, there is a, a Polish unit, SF unit operating with sales in Baghdad, and I think we need you there. I want you to go and help us out, coordinated stuff with them. So you pack your stuff, you are three months into deployment, I thing. So you're gonna went there for three months. So keep up the six month cycle and then you can come, you can back and start your regular workup with your new platoon and stuff. So in the middle of the platoon, in middle of deployment, you know, you can imagine the guys being pissed off because we are aggressive guys.


We're like type, type A personalities. So everybody wants to get into the war. Everybody wants to fight the war. So when they find out that I'm just the only, I'm leaving to Baghdad, they were Greg, I want to go there too. What the hell Are you, how did you pull this off? You know? Well, I didn't, they just asked. I was ordered to go there, but they all wanted to go. They, they, I don't know a seal who would not want to go to war? Me neither. So, so they, I know they were, they were kind of like pissed off. But the good way, you know, they were very supportive. And then, so I left after the, like three months in the deployment for the three months. And that was, we were very busy.


We're busy every single night, pretty much. And then when the three months came in, like, I don't hear anything from my command. And I was calling sometimes Rob O'Neal we're, we're really good friends. And we did entire platoon with Jocko together. That was the second platoon. And then the, the platoon I'm talking right now is my third platoon. So we, I, I call him and say, Hey Rob, just tell the command I'm here. I'm doing fine. I don't need anything. I say, I got you Drago. But that three months passed, I'm here from my command. Anything, they asked me if, if I would extend my stay in, in, in Baghdad, the, the West coast guys.


I say, absolutely, yes, sign me up. I'm not, I don't want to go back. So then I call Rob, I say, Hey Rob, I'm still here. Just don't tell them anything. Just keep it quiet. I'm still here in Baghdad. So he is, yeah, right on drag. I said, it's every while I call Rob O'Neill and write him notes. Hey, I'm still here. I'm doing good. Don't tell them anything. Don't tell them I'm here. And so there's like this from this three months, 10 to 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 months. And I think I would stay there longer, but my MVGs broke. So I had to call the command for new MVGs and they got me, they say, Hey, where Are You at? I said, bag, how long? Or like, almost a year on deployment. Well, hold On. So you, so you went to, you deployed to Iraq In 2003?


Yes. With who? With I deployed by myself. They send me there to, to work with the CT five and to help coordinate CT five, the, the missions between CT five and gro. But we skipped the one platoon because there was a platoon with Jocko that I did before I, before that, so there was the platoon to Middle East too. There was a first seal into strike platoon. And we, this is a time when we hijacked the, the Russian tank of the vulgar left in year 2000. So there was a, there was a, there was a very good platoon. So it was Jack and one second.


So that was my first, that was my fourth plate I think you see is getting mixed up. So first was the, to first was to Italy, when the Grady got shut down. The second one was to Bosnia, third one was with Jao. Okay. So the, the third one was with Jao. So, so with the, the, after the first platoon I deployed to you go, we deployed to, you go to Yugoslavia, to Bosnia. This is where I met the strongest guy I think I ever met in zero teams. That was a guy who, when we went to Frenches to Ian to train with the Frenches, this what the not ugly guys. So Chris, he put like so many plates on the, on, on the bar to do the bench press.


He bend that bar, the, the, the, the plates start falling off. So the frenches got all pissed off that we intentionally are destroying their equipment. Another robe just was doing the military presses like 225 pounds or something. I mean we were strong, we were big. And this little Frenchy guys, they look like the ballerinas. They have those spandex little pants. Well, yeah, I mean, and you know, the, the nasty part of it is that when the, the on the, we had the French officer with us and and Seal team two and we just tried to help him and cater to him the best we could get him the best trips, best per diem and all that stuff.


So when we, he left to France and then maybe like six months later when we deploy to Bosnia, we actually had decided to have some exercise with the French guys where this, where this guy was stationed. So we called this guy, Hey, we are coming, you know, Are you excited? You know, we're gonna see your old friends. It was like, okay, yeah, just coming in and it click, we show up in lower end the gate of their things, it was a winter time sleeting raining, we see in our bags and of our, our, you know, gear for like three hours before the bus starts showed up. And he showed up not to welcome us. He showed up and say, alright, I know you guys, I know you sales, if you fuck up any of our equipment, you're not gonna leave this base until you pay for all the broken equipment that you break.


Was like, that's a nice welcome. And then they didn't want to work with us. You know, they, they like, but you know, work with us. I mean, look at these guys. They were like 110 pounds ballerinas and they did actually wear the spandex. They already tight pants. So I say, just give them the tutu and you have a perfect ball. So, and, and yeah. And then we walk into their gym and they have those like jumping jugs, you know, that their, their, their weights, like what they were using was like five pounder and six pounders. And we have one of the strongest guy in the cereal teams, Chris. And he walks in, he breaks their fricking equipment, they get even more pissed off.


They didn't want to jump with us. We didn't do anything with these guys. And so they, they didn't really like, I guess they didn't like us. And we stopped liking them too, because I say, I remember one of the guys asked Chris, Chris troop, I can say his name because I ask him for permission for, for it. So again, that was one of the strongest, strongest team guy I met, I have met. And also he cut, create the programs for us, how to get big and strong. By the time we finished the, that deployment where entire platoon was over 200 pounds each. So that was a Chris' big contribution to make us stronger and better. So they, they, they just, we just could not get along I guess very well.


And one of these guys asked Chris, well, you are so big, can you run? He was like, say, unlike you, we don't run away from the bar field. So we, no, I I don't have to run that fast, but I can beat you up. So it's like, okay, okay, okay. And then, you know, we had a international incident, two of them actually. So first one, we are going to send Maurice to do some exercises there in Sweetland. So we decided we'll fly one C one 30 and we jump on the lake in San Maiz, this big frozen lake.


And it was very beautiful because the C one 30 was flying below the top of the two mountains on both sides and right in the middle of it. So when we jump out of it, we talk maybe five, six second delay. We could see the, the mountains just going on both sides in Freefall. And then we opened parachute. Well, what did we didn't know And we decided to get a shortcut instead of fer our ammunition through the convoy, through the, the roads from Germany to Switzerland. We say, well how with we just loaded up our gas, we put the, the ammo in the, in the brook sax and we jump in. So we did, and there was a bunch of civilians on this lake walking, you know, doing that. There were like trails made up on this lake on the ice.


So we basically jumped right into the civilian population and they look at us soldiers unload the gun and pull the, you know, unload the guns, make safe. And they seen it. Well it turned out to be that you are not allowed to bring in Switzerland guns in ammo in the same place and especially loaded guns. So I think we're the first troops signed second World War that London in Switzerland with loaded guns. So this was like, alright, I know my platoon actually, it'll do a lot of explanation to do. But then we go to, we are invited to, and it was the time when the Switzerland was accused of stealing a gold from Holocaust victims.


And, and there was even lawsuit going filed because of that, try to recover the gold that supposedly sws sws stalled from Jewish people and Holocaust victim. But we were invited to dinner up there, there we already got over the jumping into the Saint MAs. Into Saint MAs with loaded guns. So we got over, we barely got over with that. We are invited to dinner now. So they, they drought, they go like a top of the mountain. So we go on this little train like a choo thing and go straight up. So we go up there, we are the best restaurant supposedly in San Mores.


And the guy who was guiding us say, say, hey, so this is Chef Sanso, he's such a great chef known in the entire world and he has like five golden spoons here, chef, can you go run up, bring the spoon? Like I never held the gold thing, maybe ring, but entire spoon of gold. And I never held my life. So I was like, holy shit, this heavy, solid, wow. You know, I can brag about it. I was holding the gold spoon in my hand. So when the spoon went around everybody until went to Chris, the, the strongest guy, he look at this say like, war chef. So how many you think that God of yours, how many Jewish teeth went into that spoon?


That was like, I got quiet. The guy woke up, took the spoon, he left. We never seen the guy again. We were just usher out very quickly out of the restaurant, go down and we never were allowed to go to the restaurant again. Holy shit. But you know what this, there was legend, I guess legitimate questions that I, I believe in my opinion, the gold, the Swiss were stealing that Holocaust victims gold and they were benefiting over the second world war. So the guy had the balls to ask about it, but you can cut it out if you think wow, the controversial. But that really happened. So there was like, well we were all stunned, but like, well, you know, he's right. There's a legitimate question.


Yeah, because that basically that that that gold that in my opinion was stolen by Switzerland from haw as victims. That's interesting. I didn't, yeah, I don't know much about That. No. Well there's a, actually there was a lawsuit filed by I think by people trying to recover the gold. I don dunno, I think there was came to some agreement, but you can Google it that, but I, I read about it just not a long time ago as well. There was a time, but I remember it was very common to hear this accusation in 19 79, 19 78, 19, I'm sorry, 1998 timeframe.


So yeah, that's, Wow. Yeah, I had no idea. I don't know anything about that. That's, yeah, yeah. But yeah, you know, it's just, it it was asking a question. They yeah, they, he was just asking the question because these people, they suffer so much the Holocaust, we, we, we, it's hard to imagine for people, but there is millions people, they were murdered just for being who they were. This is, this is something that could only happen in socialist state. Please remember that Germany was socialist state. Adolf Hitler was socialist. So we're talking about national socialism, but you know, whatever flavor of socialism it is, this is, they, they all have many things in common.


As we talked earlier, the censorship persecution of political opponents, jailing, political op opponents and that those are the hallmarks of, of socialist state. So was was your, was your Iraq deployment the first time you saw actual combat? Yeah, that was the first time I seen the combat. And so let's, let's, let's talk about that. So you'd done four, four deployments and then you finally go to Iraq to see actual combats. Yes. Well, we've seen a little bit of, in, in Bosnia, not so much combat, but we've seen the, the war scene. We've seen the, the, the, some of the atrocities committed there in Bosnia, you know, we, we hijacked the Russian tanker and that time there was like a holy shit.


The, the super mission, you know, like today is really not a big deal. But at the time, you know, to go and do VBSS on Russian tanker was early. So let's talk about that then. 'cause Oh that's, that's the Russian tanker. Yeah, That, That was actually funny. So there was a Jocko's platoon, Jocko and Mr. Queen F This was field team two field team. I didn't realize Jocko was ever on the East coast. Oh Yeah, he was my a OC I've never met him. This Platoon. Yeah. Oh, I, I tell you it is great guy is a great leader. That's what I hear. Yes, yes. I was honored to serve under his command. Very aggressive guy. I will love that.


So we dece when we, when we got the permission to take down the tanker, you know, there's always competition between the team guys, right? And there's one squad, another squad. It was like, oh yeah, we are better. No, we are better. So my squad was taking it down because we had like three Russian speakers. I speak Russian, I speak Russian, Polish and Japanese. But so as, did you Speak Japanese? Yes. Ua. Where did you learn Japanese? When I was doing kickboxing. And I figured out then some of those commands. I said, well, I, I can understand the commands, but why don't you just learn the Japanese?


And it happened that my mom, she was a teacher. She had a PhD professor from Hoka University working with her, doing some study on Polish educational system. So I connected with him and he was teaching me Japanese. I was very proficient with Japanese, actually I was guiding Japanese students around my city and lot, especially those new who came, I did not speak Polish. So I was able to help, you know, I forgot now it's like 40 years now. But I forgot a lot. Not everything, but, so I was a Russian speaker. We had Rob, he was a Russian speaker and our OIC Mr. Queen f great officer.


He was the Russian speaker. So we had Russian speakers in the initial assault. And the problem was, is that they already knew they were looking at them. What was, well, Hold on, what was the tanker? Eft, I think eff 1 42. You can, you can Google it up. It's online. A matter of fact there's, we're in balaclavas, but there's picture of me standing on the bridge in the, in, in, in on the vulgar left. What, What were you taking the tanker down for? They were smuggling oil from Iraq illegally. There was a Russian tanker who smuggled oil. So we were tasked to take it down, but they knew it already. We went on the Monterey, I think, forget, forget, forget Frigate.


Frigate. And the, I, I like the captain. He, he is like, okay, I was told by command that we cannot come closer to the ship than like a maybe mile. So, but, But if you want, if you, if you want to get closer to it, I come close because they told me mile, but I can measure that mile with my own stick. So he just put almost next to them. So we look at them and say, yeah, there's a bunch of like younger guys and, and there were some women, but the concern was because this is Russian tanker and the Russian flag and young people who might try to resist.


So, you know, Navy has their own boarding teams and they could do really easy, but because the concern that maybe a firefight can en ensue, we're gonna take it down. And another thing too is they, they already knew that we were looking at them. So they were curing the territorial waters of other countries. Basically. They could just channel left or right, whatever, get into territorial waters. We couldn't get them. We would have to jump off the ship not to cause the international incidents. No foreign fighter, foreign foreign forces inviting or getting into another country. So we had to be quick.


And I remember two o'clock in the night, Rob O'Neill came and wake me up, say, dude, let's go. We need to go get dressed. So it's like, I think it was nine of us was Jack was one of them. Mr. Fi, that was, we just got like a, a team. And it's not like the other guys were not team, everybody was 18, but they just pick us up on the, like what we can do and stuff. So we flew over it. We fast rope on the tanker. We got the tanker down under I think two minutes if not the minute. And they were already two minutes. Yeah, they were already turning into the territorial water. So we just had to go and learn how to turn it over.


I have a cool pictures with me at the, actually at the helm steering that tanker. And we did, we turned it over and then we searched the shape, of course, make sure there's no weapons left or anything. And this were the, the competition between the team guys and the, the squads come in. So we took down the target. The target, we, now we need to change. 'cause after we were changing like every six hours or every eight hours, whatever the shift was. So we said, okay, well let's go bring the other squad. The other guys came in, we parked, we left, the other guys came in, we are going to change them. So we are going there and it's like, dude, you just leave all the guns, all the weapons that Are, you serve the, she very well.


And you can hear this, they have a big bug clink clunking shed in it. So like, well what did we miss? You know that not really good, doesn't look good. And so we look into the bag and it's like freaking spoons, forks and butter knives. It was like, dude, this is not the weapon. Well it can be used as a weapon. Your squad didn't do that well because that could be used as a weapon. Even the butter knife. It's like, come on. Alright, so, so just whatever. But jack standing on the, on the bridge, the guy is still clunking that, that weapon, he takes the binocular screw guy. Oh cool guys, you like stole the butter knives. But what about those axis hanging on the doors up there?


Did you mind to take them? It's like, oh. So we go and change and the first thing Russians are pissed, you know, they were, they were very, they were good people. I think they were just, well, good people. They were thiefs, they were smuggling oil, but they were so, they, they're pissed. They were compliant. But when we come back, they're pissed. So like, what's going on? We want our forks and knives and spoons back. It was like, why, why, why, why do you need, we need to eat or eat with your hands. Can you eat with your hands? We speak in Russians, they didn't speak English. And they say, well, we would, but we don't have teeth.


And just like pull out, it is like the, they had no teeth. There was like, if you put all the teeth together from the crew, I don't think you would have a one full set. So, so I, I, I talked to Jack, I explained to you what happened. He say, I, let's getting the knives back and their forks and their SPOs. So we called back the, the, the, the boat came in just, we called the, the big bug with their spo. And they were happy. Like they can be like, there were no issues with them whatsoever. How many of them were there? I think maybe like 15 or 16, something like that. It was not that, not that many. There just, and then I had the argument with the, how did you board the ship? You know, we, we, we fast rope on it.


So, and I thought it was planned already because I, I was the AOBs guy, so I was told to rehearse guys on the very tall fast. So we're using the 120 foot rope in, in, in Bahrain, I think we were in Bahrain at the time, were losing 120 foot rope just to practice the, the fast roping right on the mark. And the hills were practicing it too. So that was already plan, I think ahead. They knew this shape would come out of Iraq with the Iraqi oil and we're gonna, we'll try to intercept it. So we practiced that and then that was easy. We just, at two o'clock in the morning, rolled in over the ship, throw the robes and just slide down it.


It was pretty cool at the time. Yeah, right On. That was, it was pretty cool. Hope. Yeah. You know, and I never did any VBSS in the SEAL teams. Just one training app. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. So that's for us, it was, at that time it was a big deal because we did some small one. We did got couple dos with their, they were smuggling maybe something we didn't bother with that, but take down the big tanker and, and the Russian flag. There was something. So we, we did that. We didn't torment the crew. And the crew was not really, you know, they did what they, what what they had to do. But they were not, not cowering or anything.


They were just like normal people, you know. So let's take another quick break. When we come back, we'll pick back up in Iraq.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance Elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite. Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show.


If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, Drago, we're back from the break. Let's pick up to your first deployment to Iraq where you saw a lot of combat, it sounds like. So you went from South America to Iraq to be a liaison with Seal Team five for the Polish Grom. Yes, correct. And so one lot of questions, but I just, let's start with what was it like for you to go to combat and to be a liaison with the Polish Grom Well Being Polish?


Yeah. Well for me, first, first thing, I didn't know what the grom was. I was told there was police special forces. So, and when I checked in Baghdad, I had a brief from my commanders and they were kind of bit standoffish who say, well, we don't know who these guys are. And, and they briefed me on what's expected, what we need to do. But then I was thinking like, the best way to find out is just to go on the, with them and do it, work with them. But I was like, well we don't know these guys that well, you know, we cannot risk your life because you know how it is, it get dicey, you know, in those missions sometimes, especially the, the assaults and direct action mission.


And I understand that because if something was to happen to me while I'm working with Grown, that could be some repercussions to my commanders too, that they allow this thing to happen. But I was able to convince them. I say like, no, if, if we want to be effective, I mean I, we need to cooperate closely, but I need to be with them too as well. So they allowed me to for maybe like first three missions. And then it was like all out say, yeah, these guys are great, you know, go ahead, yeah, do it. You know, that's fine. Let's coordinate it. Let's do, we did start doing assaults together. So very often we, if we need more, if we needed more people, we bring the gro guys. If Grom needed more people, he use us on assault.


And then one night we did the set up the perimeter and the gro was doing assault. I was doing it. And then next day was the vice versa. The gro was doing perimeter and we were doing assaults. So for me it was pretty great. I was like double dipping on the missions and I was, I, I loved it. So how were they? Was That, were they, did they operate the same as we do? They operate pretty much the same way. We find out that their tactics are good, their weapons are pretty much the same. Their manufacturer of their M four was different at the time and they had some issues in the desert environment with it. But there was just, I think something minor. It was noticeable to them, but we didn't, we didn't really register it and they were quick too.


There are some techniques were very fast and I would say, I don't say brutal, but these guys are pro consumed professionals. They don't tolerate any deviation from their SOPs, you know, unless that some flexibility is needed to save lives or to accomplish the mission. But otherwise they are pr, they're well trained and they, again, like I say, they're fast. The funny thing is when we, sometimes when we sludge the bonded terrorists, we had to get them with us. So if we got the car that happen that hey, we have bad guys moving on the location, you need to bail out into stop what you're doing.


Get out. So to evacuate, sometimes they just, once they handcuff the guy, we handcuff the guys. So when we walk them down the stairs, gro them, just tossed them through the window. The other guys were waiting, they caught them, throw them on the hum and here we go. So our guys were asking sometimes why it's so fast. I say, because they don't fuck around. They just like, when they, when they have a terror in their hands, they just, the guys just flying out of the window to, into a gros carrying hands and they put him on the hand and they were ready to go. So that, that was a kind of surprise for me too, because I didn't expect them to be so well trained and so well coordinated. Their assaults were working just like ours, you know, very similar if not the same tactics.


'cause they learn from the same people. So they, they had the exposure, also more exposure to s a s and German special forces. But this was not, that was, that was good because we can actually benefit from their experience as they were benefiting from our experience. It was a mutual, I think, cooperation and, and work on the accomplishing the mission. So our missions were together. Interesting. Yeah, I never, I never got to work with them, but I remember when I was contracting for CIAI saw 'em, they were co-located to an adjacent forward operating base.


And those guys were busy. They were going out, but they loved it. Yeah. Several times a night. They had these dune buggy looking things and they were just tearing it up. Yeah, but, and made me extremely jealous to watch. But I was like, oh man. Yeah. So they, what about their like, team dynamic? Do they have a good comradery and it Same like ours that's like similar, much different. Yeah, they, they're very close with each other, I would say. Because they are way smaller than us. They are very close. They, they, these guys know each other better, that they know their family members just like us too, you know? So yeah, that's, that, that was a very not only educational for me for I think for all of us to work with them.


It was also very pleasant, very nice to work with them doing the assaults, take down the targets. We, we, we really enjoy working together. And it was getting to the point even that some of our guys were coming in and say, Hey Drago, can you help me? Can you talk to Grom guys so I can do assault with them? And just so I can put my record that I, I, I did work with Gro, I did the, the direct action missions with them. So yeah, we, I think they, they, they haven't, they didn't have a problem with them because they trusted us. So we have quite few guys going on targets with them if they wanted to. And I have quite a few pictures of it too as well from our guys working together with Grow.


Did they, did they speak English At that time? They did not. Today there's a requirement you cannot be in the gro without speaking English. So they are very proficient. I would say some of them speak better English than I do because there's a requirement as they go to regular schools. And besides the training day, everybody had to learn English. Besides in Poland now English is very popular. Like before everybody had to know Russian. Like in my case, we had to learn Russian today. Nobody forced people to learn English, but people want to learn English 'cause it's so productive, because it's so em empowering. What were the, I mean, I'm just curious, what were your conversations with them?


I mean, you have conversations about Their childhood? Well, there was very technical ones because, you know, doing the, the, the assault mission with the direct action mission in, within the foreign unit is, could be very dangerous. So we did rehearse things, you know, I had to learn their way of communication, their tactics, because I speak Polish then there was no issue to learn that stuff. But the first conversation was just, yeah, incorporate me into their structures. And that was, yeah, that was a little bit intense. But they were great guys, so they, they they were very helpful. Lot of fun too.


Lot of laugh, you know, because my polish was very rusty at the time. Things that I, I still do say things that means totally different things that I tend to say. But at that time, yeah, so they, they were very helpful. But then we start drinking together. We started having a party together too. Whenever there was a chance. It was a bit little if we could. And that, that was like, this is how we created bonds that persist even today between those team guys who work with GR or even those who didn't but help about our missions with gr that that big friendship continue too. You know, they still come here sometimes to the states when we go up there, they're always helpful.


Try to, you know, help you and accommodate our guys. So the friendship that we create on the battlefield continues and still is. We're very close. What about, I mean, you had not been back to Poland since you left, correct? Yes. So did you have a lot of questions about I did, yes I did. I was asking them about stuff. Well I did when I went to, with my SEAL platoon in 1995 for brief couple days, three days visiting Dsk. We didn't work with Gro, we don we worked with their commandos from for Mosa unit. And so I kind of like a little bit seen, for me it was surreal because I left as a felon, a criminal, and then I was greeted as a hero in Poland when I came back, you know, as, not maybe as a hero, but I was greeted as a, a valuable respectable person.


That's was very kind of different for me that first visit. And then, but yeah, that was a very short visit. So the first longer visit, that was later on when I retired from the Navy. So what, I mean, did they have questions for you about what it was, what your Yeah, they did. Childhood was like in prison and You know, for them, the more significant thing was that I was part of the solidarity trade union movement in Poland 1980s. For them big deal was they participate in underground structures and I resist communism for them. It was very fascinating that I was, that I spent time in prison fighting for Polish freedom.


So they were very respectful of that. And, but otherwise there was a lot of questions about America, you know, like how, how, how is the life? How did the people, how was the, how did happened? Did I succeed? It became who I am and were, some people were not that successful. And so there was a lot of questions that I had to answer about America, about my life in America and about my America. Did they have, I mean, but I bet there was a lot of chatter back and forth about it. Did you, were you very curious about what Poland was like now?


Or did you Know at that time? I was curious because again, remember they were part of the Warsaw Park. They were opposing us nato, so they were trained to fight us. And suddenly here we are working very close. I think they, I I, I think we worked so close with them. I don't remember in combat working any other forces from different countries working that close with us with seals as Polish grom did. So that's, they earn lot of respect in, in our community, but also I believe we owe a lot of respect for them, for them.


I was curious, you know, how the foreigner like me can come, somebody like me can come to America and join the more secret forces, the tip of the spear that America has. So the, they were, yeah, they were a little bit fascinated by this. How is it possible? We, we know in our unions, the foreigners cannot serve. You have to be a citizen, you have to have access to secret clearance, you have to have a secret clearance to serve in seal teams. So that's something that for them was very fascinating. How did I pull it off? I said, dude, this is America. You can be whatever you are able to be. There's nothing holding you back. And if you can't do this or that, there is, there is no politicians that are saying that you can't, there is in America, there is nobody there say, holding you back and say you can't do that as long as it is legal.


As long as this is something that's beneficial, hopefully is beneficial for the country, for America and for other people. You are encouraged to succeed and people will help you to succeed. This is a big difference between other countries. This is what I want to, they want people to use this book as that vantage point to see it. How different we are that the America that was built on goodness, on personal freedom, on, on, on, on being strong and independent and on the faith that make America so great.


And this also rolls into the, the way people in America treat other people with, with compassion, with help. And I experienced every single one of this. So yeah. Do you think They were fascinated by This? Did did any of 'em wanna come over? Yeah, some of them did. No kidding. Asking about, Hey, can I be a seal? I say, well why would you want to be a seal? You are the one, the top tier of the special forces. And, but you know, somebody was asking, they say, is it possible because this is something, What did they say when you asked why? What's that? What did you, what did they tell you when you Asked?


They say, because seals have the reputation they have because we are the best. I didn't inquire too much into it, but some of them were like, Hey, if I could do it again, I would just do what you just did. I say, well, you know, I didn't do it because I, I did it because I left Poland because I had to leave Poland. But you don't have to leave Poland. There's no reason for you to do it. I joined the military because I had to my debt of freedom that I had to pay back. But you don't have to do it. You're living in a free country. Wow. Wow. So that's what I told myself when I came to America.


And that's what I follow with today. That's, that's my pleasure to America and American people. So let's talk to, let's talk about, so you got to Iraq, you start seeing real combat. What was your first engagement in Iraq? I think first we did snatch couple of the guys in the high risers. So we did breach. We get the guys out of the, we were so quick that they, they they had no chance to, to, to, to, to do anything. So we, yeah, we got them. And this is where I learned that not everything that we learned in the bridging school actually works like that.


Some of the bridging charters, for example, I don't want to go into details here. Were not very effective. Were not, or were outright dangerous to, to, to, not so much to us, but to people on target. We find out, we found out that most of these targets were hitting, there were terrorists hiding behind women and children. And they tend to put them in the front, next to front door or somewhere close so they can have a route of escape while we stumble over their family members and breaching the way we used to do was very, could be potentially life threatening to people there. And we had to change, matter of fact, we had the army guys, the, the, the in charge of the theater.


I think they, they they, they call us to scale down with the breaching because they don't want civilians to get hurt. So we had to actually change some of the methods we were doing, make it safer for them, but also for us, but also the breaching charges that actually I was instrumental in developing it and make that charge available to all of us. And that was widely used later by several teams in Baghdad and in Iraq. So that was, that was pretty good stuff. I remember I was breaching the steel door with the woman we didn't know at that time yet, but she was maybe like three feet, two feet away from the steel door.


And we bridged the, we, we bridged the, I bridged the steel door, went inside, she was uninjured. Well we trump over head because she got scared and fall down on the floor as we rush into the apartment to that house, we trampled her a little bit. But otherwise she was untouched. If I use any of the other chargers that we used to crane with, I would kill that woman. So for me, this, it means a lot to that I contribute not only to killing these people but bad guys, but also to saving those lives that were innocent on target. What was the, what was the daily li life routine there?


Were you guys going out all the time? We becoming a, a, a vampires, but also the way I look at it is like a customer service, like a government customer service. But you know, my customers, our customers were always wrong, you know, got to kill them. So that's kind of good things. But the life was, we wake up in the maybe three o'clock, sometimes four o'clock in the afternoon, get ready, rehearse, what do we need to rehearse, plan for the mission in the, at two o'clock in the morning, three o'clock in the morning. We start, at the time we didn't use the same time we got in the Humvees, we ride road to the target or close to the target.


We move on it and we either s nudge or kill the bad guys and then move out before they could cut us. The, the thing is that at that time we didn't have a armor vehicles so we were exposed to the IDs very much and also to the enemy. So we actually had to remove the doors from the, our Humvees. So we had a couple guy, a few guys on the PA on the back and our seats were facing outwards. We put the, installed the skids on the side of the car outside. So we were sitting facing outside with the guns. We actually looked like a porcupine. Each Humvee was looking like a porcupine. I have like ti 17 hours video from my helmet camera from those das.


So this is something that when I'm looking now, it is just, it's incredible how we could get away with staff that, you know, today as the panel field requirements and the tactics change may not be able to do so. But at the time we were, we were sometimes we're just lucky to do it. What was the first op where you killed an enemy combatant? That was, we breached the, we breached the, those two apartments next to each other and we bridge one. The other guy, the two doors were breached.


The one guy was kind of jumped away to the, there were the halls pre-made in the opposite wall, the long hallway. And when we went in, just like, it just happened, the guy was just standing next to me. So him, another one was in the Humvee. We were driving, I think we were driving back to base and there was a vehicle came in and just like trying to pull next to us, pull next to us and he just didn't want to stop. He want to back out. And that was kind of suspicious at the time. It was I think like three o'clock, four o'clock in the morning on the way back.


No, I'm sorry. We're just driving on another mission too. 'cause we were hitting multiple targets at the time. So I just have to stop him and I stopped the guy. So Did that affect you at all? No. No. Killing never affected you? Not really, because I, I did what was right for America and I, that there was just, we were all prepared. I never seen in Iraq anything that I was not prepared to see. I never did an in Iraq anything I was not prepared to do by US Navy. So I, it really, not really, that didn't bother me at all.


I wish I could kill more of them because like I say earlier, if we, if they, if that one that got away, maybe we were able to kill him. Some of our brothers would come back to come back home. Maybe that was that guy who got one of us. So that, that was in me sometimes at night. I think about those who get away and I would like to kill. You guys were doing multiple targets a night? Yes, Sometimes. Sometimes at night. Sometimes daytime. Hitting daytime targets too.


It depends, you know, like we, our missions were, were dictated by the circumstances. So if we need to get somebody, it was the only chance to get him. At daytime. We did that daytime hit and get the guy We prefer nights. Of course most of our missions were at night, but there was nothing unusual to do something in daytime. If we had to do it, we were prepared for either way. You guys did over a hundred direct actions and what about a time? What's That? What about a time? How The Timeframe time?


Yeah. Well that was within the first year in Iraq. Wow. Most of it. What was your bronze star for? With, On target there was a hand to hand combat with, with the insurgent. And we needed this guy, we needed this guy alive. So I was able to go and basically kick his ass back and tag him and take him out. Can you be a little more descriptive Yeah, with, I don't wanna go into too much details because you know, the, the today's environment. But basically he tried to first try to move away.


We need to go stop him. And I was on the way, so when he rush through me, he didn't, he didn't make it. And he end up actually trying to do it again. And he was pretty aggressive. So the easiest way was to kill the guy, but we needed this guy. So I was able to go take him down and eventually yeah. Him a little bit and handcuff him and bring him down. So yeah, that was the guy. What did, who was it Ted was, I don't remember who he, who he was, but we have the list of the guys that was, there was so many of them.


I just don't, I don't remember the, this particular guy who, who he was. I remember I see his face, I see his, you know, I still vividly remember that, but yeah. How did you get him down? With my fists, with my legs and my gun. So I didn't have to, I didn't want to shoot him because again, that, that was not the guy who wanted to shoot. But it came to the, to the, yeah, to the hand-to-hand combat. So this was my bronze star actually says that, the, that that what happened. That describes that Drago welcome back.


Nice to be back. But man, I was hoping you would come back. I mean, one of the hardest parts about interviewing special ops guys that have done just phenomenal stuff is, is trying to break through the humility. Nobody wants to talk about the veracity of what they've done in combat. And we very lightly breezed over your bronze star. And then I was, I was hoping I would get a call from you saying, Hey, we should probably go into a little bit more detail on that. And I know it's hard to break through the humility and, but at the same time, I mean, it's important.


It's important that people understand what, what the sacrifices that were made over there are and, and what it's like. And so I just, I just wanna say I really appreciate you coming back to, to give us the full scoop on, on what happened that day with your bronze star valor. Yeah, Thank you. You know, this is something that is, is the, the way I see it is the stories are being said. Some of the stories are being said quite often, and that makes almost the sensitized people to what we go through. We are just human beings, just like, like anybody else. But people listening to these stories, listening, watching these movies, they don't see us as human beings often.


Not everybody they see, often see us as just a little part of the machine. If you fall out, you fail. You, you, you fall. That just, well just expect it. Let's get another guy. And that's what I, I think is important, that our society doesn't see us that way. We are all individual people. We are all human beings. And everybody that falls is those hero. They shouldn't be seen as just little pieces of the machine that can be easily replaced. So I was never, yeah. But I try not to talk a lot about these stuffs and everybody ever asked me about that.


It's important, you know, it's, it's, But it's documenting history, you know? And, and, and I don't think anybody sees any of the, the guys that I bring in here is just part of the machine or, or invincible. Because we do, you know, we start a childhood and go all the way through the career and then the pitfalls afterwards. And, and we did that with you. And, and I do it with everybody too. And the reason I do that is to humanize, you know, to humanize, yeah. It's very important Who I'm speaking to and to humanize 'em in front of the audience. And so, but let's, let's go in. So let's just start at the very beginning.


Yeah. That was fact that I remember that, you know, I did so many of these das that they go 20 years later, all get blur up. This one kind of sticks out because as we, so we, we move out, like we always work, we try to work, there's, we did some data missions too, but we try to avoid, so at night, the, the car came in, we had to get a guy, he was like one of the leaders in finance shares, I believe, who we don't want to kill him. Just need this guy. So we came to the set point was, and then Was this a capture kill? It was capture of kill, yes, yes, yes. Preferably captured.


But you know, like the, the, we never had this type of priorities that you cannot kill the guy, you have to cap, you have to capture him. That's very dangerous concept. But, so for us it was, you know, like if we can, we try to capture the guy, but we really try it. So we came to the side point with disbar and patrol towards the target. And as we patrol, we made maybe like 20, 30 yards from that where we're supposed to cross over the fence. Then the whole hell broke loose. And that was just like, the bullets were flying everywhere. And you know how it is that you don't, in urban environment is kind of sometimes difficult pinpoint where the, where the shots are coming from.


Especially here from from behind you in front the sides. And then you don't see fl flash. If you see ma flash, yeah, you, you know where, where, where this coming from. But, so we just hung for a second on the side of the fence and like, not gonna be waiting here forever. It's time to go. So we just move along that fence. There's a few years back, we, we, we put the ladders while we, while this, all the shit is going on, we crossed that thing, we approached the doors, I breach the door, we blew the door up. What'd you breach it with? What's that? What did you breach it with? Explosive Explosives? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


We breached with explosives at the time. Most of our breaches were with explosives, you know, it gives us that extra couple seconds when the enemy is disoriented, where the terrorists are disoriented so we can take the advantage of it. So it was preferable entry method for us. And then I, so as we bridge, we entered the house, it was pretty big house and we kind of knew the, how it is set up. 'cause we have the, the intel, you know, what to expect inside, even inside. And that was like, as we entered, it was like short hallway. Then it was like maybe two feet to the right and there was a wall up. So you can see the wall. The guy was standing behind the door when I blew the door.


So he just backed out basically to throw him off a little bit. But he was still on his feet. So there I was coming into the house as a second guy. So the guy went left, I went right, and I, this guy, so he's doing nothing, just standing there. He's, he's, he's blind from the flush. And so I throw him on the ground, I bag him and tag him. And then I move on to the, what do you mean bag Him and tag him? Well just, well basically make him ready to be move out. And What does that entail for the audience? Yeah, I know what that means, but what does that mean? Oh, oh, oh, okay. So basically subdued the guy, handcuff the guy, you know, you can say bag and tag, basically kill the guy putting the body bag and move him away. But that's not what I mean, I guess just, you know, throw him on the ground to get, handcuff him, get the guy ready to be move out.


So we did that. I joined the guys and clearing the house and the, the shed is still going on outside. So when I, we walked to the second floor, I don't remember, it was two or three floors, I think it was two floors, But it was a big house. So as we cleared the rooms on one of the room as we enter it, that was a crazy, I think the craziest thing I, one of the craziest, crazier thing that I remember, the guy just charges at full speed and I don know if he's tried to charge me or he's just tried to run away from that room. Anyway, he just bumps into me. So throws him on the ground, he drops the gun.


So now I look at this guy, he has no, he has no gun. The room is pretty much clear. So as I'm getting this guy now, he jumps back again, kicking, screaming, and punching. So as the, the fight is going on, I'm getting the car, well, I, I, I could shoot the guy, but he was not armed. So really that's, there was no, no need to shoot the guy. And as the car, as I'm working with the guy, the cow comes in, hey, drag to stop the gro guy, gro element is moving on the backyard and there are three guys in ambush lane. So tell them, stop them, tell them to wait. The helo is coming to lay them, put the laser beam on them so the guys know where they are.


So I'm here trying to get this guy compliant and the same time speaking on the radio. So I, I'm, I put my gun at the time kind of to the side. I had another guy in the room too, but he was busy still doing his stuff. So, and at the same time as I'm, I'm talking to on the radio to polish guys in Polish, they don't move on that bag yard, just hold on. The helo is coming and I will get you there to, they will let you know where the guys are. So they stop and at the same time, and the bullets are flying into the room through the windows too.


So. Wow. I remember I had like, two of them came and there, you don't hear the, the, the, the, there's not a whistling like you can see on the movies. It's just a crack. And there's just the, the, the impact on the wall. So, and then I, the grom guys is calling me too, telling me that, Hey, we are moving on this on, we see these guys now we know where they are. There's element maneuvering to the side. So taking the crossfires from the side. And then, so then I relay this to our guys while I'm bagging the guy. So eventually, yeah, I, I bagging tag him. There was the guy, But it, I don know which guy.


It was the one that we were after, but I think we were after all of them. So I think we hold like the, from this target, maybe like four guys or five guys. We left. I think some guys there, they were like, but anyway, the cow came in high. We need to move out because I think there is a group of guys coming on us. You know, we have a limited number of people. So we, we are not set up to Yeah, run a gun for like an hour. It's very surgical. Yeah, very surgical. So we just grabbed the guys that whoever we had and bailed out and left the whole neighborhood.


The whole neighborhood was The whole neighborhood. Yeah, because the guy was very important. So he, they had the, he had a setup, he had like security set up inside the house and outside the house in the perimeter. The perimeter was the one that, that opened up on us. And our external security actually was ding it out with them, took care of them at the same time while we were clearing the house and bagging, tagging the bad guys in the house. So yeah, we got them. And like I say, nobody got hurt those Iraqis in the, they pretty quickly realized that, hey, that that's not a good idea. They, so we got them too. And that was, you know, that was memorable. That was like one of many those missions that they, you do it for so long time that it is, it become like almost like a normal thing.


But it is not the most memorable mission like that, that the most like, impactful on me mission that I did. So When did you find out, well what was it like leaving before we get there? What was it like leaving with the whole neighborhood, shooting at you guys? Well that was pretty, pretty dicey because at that time, like when we were leaving the house, there was still shit going on. But as we were leaving, by the time it was, everything was suppressed. So there, there was not so much, there was patch shots here and there you can see, you can hear the bullets cracks, you can hear bullets cracking here and there. But there was no, the, the intensity that was at the beginning was at the beginning it was especially when our fifties opened on the ves whole shit, that was like whole hell broke loose.


This where we are breaching the door at the same time. So yeah, that was, that was, yeah, I remember that. I just never pay attention to like each particular mission for me. You Asked me all blends into one. What's that? It all blends into one. All, all blends into one. Especially if you do it for so long. And another thing, like I say, the thing more impactful for me was the one time we were in the house clear doing the clearing the house and I was on the left side of the hallway, there was a guy on my right on the other side of the hallway.


And you can see commotion in the end of the hallways hallway. It's like maybe 30, 40, 30 feet maybe. It's pretty long hallway in the dark. And you can see the commotion, you can see like feet coming out. And then coming out you can see like a half dresses. And then you see the gun and then the people come out and you can hear the guys just like, Hey, drop the gun. Drop the gun. Those Iraqis, I don't think they understood what he's, what he was, what they were, what we were saying. Besides, he was so stressed out. When I look at this, this is like old man and old woman.


He's holding her hand. He's walking with this gun and pissing himself at the same time. I was, he looked like to me 80 years old guy. So, and I can hear that. So I, the guy on the tub had a guy low on the, on the opposite corner. And the guy who came low later can, I could almost hear the click say that I, I just didn't want the guy to get killed. So I just say, I got it, I got it. And I'll step in front of these guys barrels or I, 'cause I could walk on my side. I just didn't want them, them to shoot this old man. So I woke up there, I walked with this guy, I hit my, used that very short and force.


So as I was walking up to this guy, you know, I am in his heart. I mean, I would just pull, like if he would just try to do something. 'cause he was holding the gas, he didn't aim at me. He was just for maybe like little bit, a little bit down. So I woke up to him, I took this gun away from him. And, and then so when we, we, we, we took the guy with, with us. It was one of the guys we needed. We went after. So when we, when we were leaving, his old wife came up to me and said like, Thank you very much for not killing us because I told him to put the gun away, but he was, he thought that this may be some insurgents or some people got to kill him.


So Thank you for not killing him. Wow. And I, I get a lot of flag from our guys too because, you know, think about it for a second. There was kind of selfish on me, but I just did not want this guy to get killed because there was very quickly point out to me on the debrief, what if there this guy were just there and there was other guys just waiting in the dark hallway where you can't see it. We had a, we had a flashlight too. So we hear the commotion put the flash, we see the gun, right. So, and, and, and that you were right in front of our guns. We wouldn't be able to do anything. You can't do it. I understand. I agree with them.


It it, it was not tactically there was wrong thing to do. I don know You felt it. I just Felt it. I just felt, I i I don't want this guy to get shot. His old wife, you know, they holding hands each other. This guy is just barely walking. They have still those house shoes, those flip flops on and then yeah. And he's holding this gun is shaking like this. And I remember you can see the dark spot on his this pajamas. And, and I, I think he still had this funny heart with his like this little funny ball, you know, just like you see in the cartoons.


So yeah, that, that's, that sticks out to me for two reasons. Once that yeah, maybe what I did was wrong because he could endanger me and maybe other guys in the house. I just did not want this guy to get shot. And I think I, I, I was afraid he was about to be shot and, and you know, this woman standing by him. Wow. So yeah, that's, that was very, that was very impactful on me. I don it was brave my to say. It was stupid, But it was just, i i I just felt it was the right thing to do. You know, if I, I could get shot because you know that these guys are not worrying about this stuff. If there was somebody there, there was many times they just shoot their own people just to get to you.


So there, there, there wouldn't be any hesitation. And yeah, I agreed with the guys that, yeah, I was on the wrong. But it was just, I mean, I think it was brave. I mean, you know, maybe you weren't thinking about it at the time, but I mean, not only getting shot by your own guys because everybody's hyped up. I I, I know I wouldn't, maybe when the firefight start they, they, they maybe they would have to fire above me, but also I trusted these guys. There's also the possibility that the, that the man would've had a suicide vest on. True. You know, and, but You know, I didn't think about it. I just see this lost old grandma and grandpa walking with the gun scared shitless. So, yeah.


And, and, and you know, he didn't drop the gun. There was the cows being made. I dunno if he understood English. No, he didn't actually. Because we, we talked to him later before we took him and he could barely speak English, but his wife spoke English, so. Wow. But the wife, they were so scared he wouldn't be able to put a reward up there. And they were working on our guns. So, So when you got back from the, from the mission. Yeah. When did you find out who it was that you had puck? We already, the knew who this guy was. I just don't remember. There was the guy who, he was one of the like big financiers of those IEDs and, and those terror groups in Baghdad.


So he knew a lot. So in the house, like we didn't know who is who at the time. So we tried to bug everybody and to, and bring in whoever we, we had there. He was identified later. So, but you know, like with the names, I knew their names because we had to learn for the mission so you can call you, you, it was just like normal for me. But now 20 years later there was so many of these muhammads that yeah, I really don't remember. Yeah. What did the, I'm just curious. Do you know, do you remember what the writeup says? Not really. I never, I know what it says, but it is like, I don't dwell on it.


Yeah. You know, so it says nice. I like some, I'm sure. Nice. I read it. It is just like, yeah, it is. You know, I'm sure somebody else could say it with much better eloquent in much better eloquent way. I'm still better with bullets than words. So for me to come and speak about anything is pretty scary. I think one of the bravest thing I have done being just be able to go and face the camera and microphones and speak, but I'm better with bullets.


So, you know, maybe somebody else can tell the story better. But it is what it is. You know, we're, we're human beings. We are not robots. We are just, just the people. And how long, how many times did you go to Iraq? I went there three times back to back. So I spent the year first and first deployment came back. There was another SEAL team coming out and they were slated to work with Gro as well. So I, I asked them if they can just take, can take me for, I just wanted to go back and if they can take me with, with them, they say yeah, sure, absolutely.


So that's supposed to be like two weeks just the, the fa let them have, help them settle down with gro. But then like four months later it's like my team is calling and say, Hey Drago need to come back 'cause we are about to deploy after these guys. Because then there was the time when the entire SEAL team was deploying. So they, they say, ah, you can, you need to come back. So I came back and then went back with my platoon again. The emissions changed, the tactics changed at the time. So we were tasked with protecting Iraqi politicians. So my platoon had one of those bigwigs Iraqi that we were protecting those PSD mission mostly. Although wherever I could, I was just like to get away from babysitting the old grown man, old grown fat man and try to get on the DA mission.


So I was still able to, to do that. And some people accuse me that even now that I was just doing my own, the emotions on my own, But it was not really that much on my own. But yeah, I was trying to, to get us as much into the, those missions as possible. But you know, I paid the price for it too with being a breacher, you know, the, the injuries that we sustained that we didn't know at the time of how dangerous it can be. So that was when on the, on the first deployment, I think I start feeling first symptoms, first things. But like I say, I was afraid to say anything because I didn't want to be pulled out of the missions.


So What were the symptoms? What Were you feeling first? Was I I was, I, I was not able to read. So what I find out that I was trying to read, but I couldn't concentrate on the text seems like that thing was jumping. And so I think I figured it out that maybe this is because the, the, the, the lightning, 'cause we were living in the tents outside, it was very hard and bright, very hot and bright. So most of our activities during that where we sleep or like eat was in the tents or inside. So I said, well maybe I just, my vision is bad because the dark environment.


But then I noticed that I cannot read even if I can follow the letters because I forget if I read the paragraph, I forget what it was paragraph about by the time I finished it. So that was kind of weird. And so I sometimes it took me a hour to get to the page. So that's was odd, but I didn't make much of it. I kind of brushed it off. I still was strong, I was thinking for a clear and I just couldn't read. So that's no big deal. It's not like I have to read some manual as the terrorists, right. So, so I was fine. And then the, the balance issues start, issues start showing up that, that, that much later and sleep disturbance.


So that's was an irritability too as well. So that's when, when I start thinking that something is not quite right then yeah. And so, but you know, we were like sometimes five feet, six feet from the breaching charge. And besides me as a breacher, I learned very quick in Iraq to calculate the charge and stand of distance for my team, for my guys by the manual, by the book. But I also did another calculation just for me, if I can't get in the cover was the minimum there is that I can still bridge the door without injuring myself.


It happened to me not once, but there's one. But it dramatic time where we actually were assaulting the, the target we see, we look, you know, look at the intel photo, intel pictures. So we look at it, we just from the our best ability that this is what we make, we're gonna go all these doors, this is how it's going to go. And this is where we stuck our guys this as a breacher. I had to brief it before the mission to our guys. And we did, you know, we had a secondary entry point, we had all that stuff pretty much ready to go. And the the picture shows this empty space, maybe like that wide between the concrete wall and the building itself. And then it has a corner here where this just walk straight to the door.


So I say, I'm gonna stack the guys right there the way I breathed and gonna go to the door and blast the door, go inside standard missionary, we did 10 hundreds of them. And that one time we didn't know that from the pictures, but that space was filled with the robles. There was just enough space to stack the guys and there was no space for me. So, so we go, I kind of see something is not right here. So I go with my, with the security to the door, you know, place the church, we're going back, the guys go in, but like, there's no place to me. So I was like, climb the wall is maybe like six, seven feet tall.


We found a way later to do something similar. I can talk about it. But that, that point, it was like infeasible. I, I, we can, if we linger, the longer we linger, the bigger chance that they will be alert and you know, somebody gets killed. So yeah. So I just, it's no big deal. I mean, I knew the distance was still safe for me, so I got on my knees, I put the gun in front of my face, I cooled up and blast the charge. And so yeah, it turned me a little bit. But like I described it in the book, but it's not maybe as dramatic as it is in the book. I did have my nose a bit bleed, my ear did, But it was not like I was gushing blood or anything.


It was just, I was a little bit stunned, but not enough not to participate in the salt. So I still catch up on the, on, on the train, on the back of the train and we did assault. We got, we took the target down, we got the guy. So yeah, that was, but these things repeating over and over and over. When you stay in cross close proximity to the bridge, it will affect you eventually. And at that time, there was very little known about this matter of fact when the, eventually I became in instruct seal instructor in Bath, but I still have this issue with reading, with sleeping. So I talked to our, what, what, what do you do? You just go to your family.


My family at that time was Seal. I didn't have another family. So we say, Hey, what happened? I have this, I wake up every two o'clock in the morning and stuff. So we're like, well maybe we're drinking too much. No, I was not drinking. And this happens every day, two o'clock in the morning, I'm wide, wide awake or maybe, maybe this. So finally we agreed there was a ghost, that the apartment was hunted and there's a ghost up there and the ghost is waking me up. So that was a conclusion. So then I realized that shit, I'm scared of ghosts, I need to find different apartment because I don't want to be scared sleeping at night that some ghost comes here to scare the hell out of me. So I didn't find an apartment. So finally I resigned myself to living with a ghost, which eventually turned out to be a TBI, the traumatic brain injury that caused me wreck that way.


So that tells you how little we knew at the time. It's not the case today. We know we are acutely aware the danger and the the, the damage that can those explosions cause. But at the time it's not, it was not that. The funny thing is that I think the NSW came out to conclusion the biggest damage occurs during the breaching course because people are exposed to those breeding charges constantly day in, day out. Well that is just ba baby walk next to what we did in Iraq where you just have these things going multiple times every night. And it's not just for like two weeks, three weeks or for the month. You spend a year doing it.


Eventually you start feeling it. So that's what, that's what happened to me. Now I don't complain I would do it again if I, if I had to do it, but at least now we know what it is and we can actually do something about it. And not the only one who suffer from this. We talk to any breach. I think they even come with a term breach of brain right now. That's something like this. That's what they call it. But again, I don't complain. This is not complaint, it's just the fact maybe somebody who suffers it can recognize the symptoms and think and get himself a help.


That's, that's what I'm saying. So after all your Iraq tours, you went to bud's to be an instructor? Yes. Well I had to slate and my orders were to breaching school to be instructor, but I already knew that something was wrong with me. Like, and sh even shot shooting guns next to my head cause like the headache for a day. So I asked if I could change my orders, go somewhere where I not exposed and, and the break from the, from the noise, from explosions, from the shock waves. And they said, why, why don't you try but the BCL instructor, I said sure. But then the problem was I already had my orders cut, so I had to actually call.


I went, I went behind the back a little bit and the, the chief, one of the chiefs, he passed away today. He was in Millington, he was became the detailer in Millington. So I call him and say, look, this is what happened to me. This is what I want to do. This one will change and I need your help. So within like a month I got the change of orders and he called me, say, dude, I got you, you're going to buds. So that's how I end up in SEAL training. How did you like your bud tour? It was relaxing, you know, it was fun too. IK kind of, I miss the combat. I miss the, the, the en that engagements in Iraq that you don't have it here.


But what helped me get through this assignment was understanding that I might be saving lives, I might be getting, making these people as good as possible. So when they go to combat, they, they, they, they will be extremely effective. They'll be mentally prepared. And those who could not achieve that type of readiness, they will be removed from the SEAL training. So I was pretty harsh, but I was very, very instructors from what I was told by fellow students who today are very successful seals. Some of them already retired from seal teams. But I have a fond memory of the young guys going through bots.


Matter of fact, it's very, I tell you this is very humbling experience. 'cause the way when we go through bots, it's most of, at least for me, it was a blur. You just go do every day, do something. You just try to survive a day just to the next day from meal to meal, from hour to hour. And it just goes quick. You just, it is like almost, you walk in the room, you get a kick in the balls a few times, then kicking the ass out of the door. You don't, well now you are the one who is actually doing this to these kids who is demanding from these kids that sacrifice that pain. And it is very, again, very humbling because you see these young kids and they don't quit.


They just keep going no matter what you throw at them. Some of them felt, or some of them quit, some of them get injured and being removed. Most of the people I notice in bars, they don't resign. They don't quit. They get injured, they get removed from retraining. But seeing these guys, and you could not make them quit no matter what. Some of them, it makes you think that, yeah, America is safe. When did you, what year did you retire? I retired 2011. So by this time I met my wife. And How did you meet her? Oh, well that was a story too itself because, so I was in baths.


I didn't have a family at the time. And finally I came to realization like in year and a half, I'm retiring, I have no family, so I have to find me a wife. So it was not that easy because like, you know, with my English, my, my, the way I was, I guess I was not very attractive guy. So I asked to my, for my friends and no, my teammates. And they say, okay, Drago, the best way to do it is go online if find yourself a chick and if you like her, you're gonna marry her. I said, sounds good, so let's do it. And so I had incidents.


I mean I had those misfires, what I would say. So there was a girl I was courting for a long time and eventually we agreed to meet and then, and we scheduled and right to meet first time in the coffee show, like safe for her place. And it was a lunchtime good gather was the place where it was bunch of like executive chicks were coming in like very super nice place. Bunch of offices around. I didn't think much of it, but these girls who I look at the picture was so beautiful. I say, I'm going to go and pretend I'm smarter than I am. So I took the book. I couldn't still read it, but I just pretend I was reading. So I look smart.


And then, and she's coming and, and so the every girl, those girls are coming, I say, this is, so I just try to, you know, get myself bigger and look better. And then there's not of these girls, so I find like, well it's almost like 10 minutes late maybe she won't show up. And then I, I see the girl walking, but she had to like walk sideways through the door. So I said, that's not, that's not cannot be her. So I just like sitting up there and just look at the book that I brought to make myself look smarter and all these nice good looking chicks and line up next to my table. And she's coming and coming. I see the big shadow comes up.


It's like, Are you Thomas Drago? It's like, yeah, how do you know me? It's like, who Are You? I'm Wendy, whatever the name was. We talk about it. I was like, damn. And all these chicks I can see already the smirk on their face. It's like, dude, why'd you get yourself into it? And, and, and then so I said, well, when do you just have a sit, sit down. And I'm thinking like, fuck. I mean, how do I make it look like a business meeting? So these chicks are not laughing at me. And so I say, so Wendy, tell me, so talking about your company, how many employees do you have?


You know, how many people do you manage? She says, look at me like an idiot. It's like, we're supposed to have a date, not talk about my job. And so this guy was just laughing out loud, it was like, dude, dj, just so like, okay, All right date, okay, let's making a date. And so we talked for a while and I I just wanted to end this thing. It was so humiliating. And then, and she was so loud, you know? And she was like, oh, you're so beautiful. I was like, damn, just go. And, and, and she, so we, we go back, I say, can you give me a ride?


I have a car on the other side of the mall, and it was in San Diego. I was like, oh yeah, okay, yeah, I'll give you a ride. So we go to my jeep. My jeep is not even the lift. It is just like, has big bigger tires at the time, and she cannot get into the Jeep. She's like trying to push herself back, but the doors up too narrow for her. She tries to pull the leg with her hands put in the Jeep and hopefully I can push her in it. But that didn't work. She almost fell down and I, I was like, I'm getting, I go ready, like what the hell? I got myself into it. And then she said, well, I just walk. I said, yeah, Thank You. Just go. And she left and she called me and hey, it was a great date, you know, you do you want to meet again?


Let's have a date again. I was like, listen, Wendy, first of all, you misrepresent yourself. We could be friends if we didn't lie. You know, I, i I don't mind befriend with you if you are honest, but you send me all these picture of some other chick pretending that this is you. And then you show like, show up and look like a jab of the hat. And that's not you. Who the, and so, and I don't want to be rude to her, but I, I have to tell her I'm not interested in any dates with her. So I told her that. And then, you know, as instructors in pool comm, you remember you spend like almost all day in the water testing students. So we have students who are broke dicks, the, the guys who have some injuries.


So they cater to us. So they, like, if you have a phone call, they say, instructor drug, you have a phone call here, give me the phone. So you still in the pool, you eat in the pools like all day for these two days of pool camp. And one of the guys say in sort of drag, we have a call, a message here. I say, okay, bring me the phone. So he brings the phone, he look, I can see his face like by this time I was dating Rachel already. So I, I will come back to it how we met. And that's, so I'm looking, I, I see the tets like, so I was like, what the hell is this? So I call Rachel, I say, Rachel, don't send your naked breasts here. The students are looking, every time they pick the phone, they see this like, who tets Are you having the receiving the messages from?


Then I look and say, oh shit, that's not the Rachel, that's, that was the, so that was that fat chick calling me about the, trying to send me the message. So I, I Rachel say, call her, tell her the delete her. They told her not to call you again. So I called her, I said, don't call me anymore and don't, don't send those naked pictures of you. I say, oh yeah, I'm so sorry. My boyfriend is right above your name and I just by accident send you my naked picture. I was like, yeah, right on. You know, just, just stop lying. Just don't call me anymore. And so, you know, I, I had the problems like this. So then when I met Rachel online, so I see this check, I was like, holy shit, I'm in love with that one.


So, you know, I try to wing to her, she nothing wing to her again, nothing. So I talk to the guys, hi, who do I talk to? I talk to my family team guys, sales, what do I do? What, how can I get her interested in me? So one of the guys look at the profiles first of thing. First of first thing, get yourself some few years off. So like maybe eight years younger. I say, okay, eight years younger, then write her some nice letter. Well, I really can't, can you help me? So this is how it started. So then I, the team guys writing the love letters for me so I can send it to her. She was writing back to me and actually she like actually the letters.


So we continued this way, you know, with my English, I am proficient with it. I'm proficient in combat, but I'm not really proficient in those lovey-dovey things that, you know, like robots. Yeah, yeah. Romancing, especially romancing online, you know. So that's something that I had. I turned to my fellow teammates and, and, and so like she saw, wrote me a letter and whoever I could find, say, hey, write me the response, write me some nice love letter. So, you know, type very quick something in and send it back and continued it worked. So then eventually the guys got tired. So drag, we don't use so many of these love letters.


Now you have, you can make any letter out of it, just copy and paste. So I say, okay, I'll try. I was nervous. So I did that and her profile disappear from America was American singles website. I remember still. So her profile disappeared. It's like, oh damn, I was sorry. I was so, I was, you know, writing the, the emails. I, well team guys were writing the emails. I was reading her emails. So there was kind of like, I was falling in love and then her profile disappeared. So I was like, fuck Carolyn of the guys and say, Hey, you know, help me out with this. This is the email I sent to her. And I think maybe she doesn't want to communicate with me anymore.


She just look at, look at this like, yeah, dude, yeah, that's, that, that's fucked up. You can, that I, I think this is why. So, you know, I was mopping for a few days and I was still checking online and she showed up again and I was like, shit. And I just need to, I need to, I need to talk to her. I need to tell her maybe what that letter that I wrote because, because of my English. So, so she needs to just, I need to talk to her. So e eventually I coerced her to call me and she called me on the private lines. I was like, she answered. So we talk for a while and say, Hey, wait a minute, so let me get it straight.


You are not on drugs, you not drunk when you write me, you just don't speak English. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it. You know, that's it. So we start talking on the phone and that's eventually, I asked her to come and visit me, San Diego. She did come, and this is where I find out where was she? What's that? Where was she? She was living in Ohio, in, in Dayton where I was living. So I flew her to San Diego. And it was funny story actually, because after the bad experience with these chicks that they were not who they tell tell me they are. I, I asked one, a team guy said, Hey, can you go with me if this is another jab at the had, if this is another person that I'm not really lie to me, I need you to bail me out.


I will run. And you tell her that I was called for just some combat mission in Iraq, whatever. Just tell her something. So, so, so we both are waiting and here she's got going down the escalator, he recogniz actually her first, he said like, dude, is that chick? I said, yeah, did you just rub Thera? Dude, she's she's decades younger than you are. How did you pull it off? I say, well, you wrote the love letters and I lie about my age and it works. Here we go. I say, okay. I go, you got it, you know, she's hot. And he just left.


And I was remember so nervous because, you know, I had all this with my emails when I just wrote the email, it was really like not up to speed up to her standards. Now I supposed to go and talk to her in person. I was very nervous. So when she came out I was like, to be like super gentleman, I was just like very stiff and say, hi Rachel, I am Drago. And she just look at me, say, yeah, cool, but you know, I didn't fly 2000 miles to shake your hand. Give me a hug. I was like, holy shit. So I give her the big Drago hug and then I remember, so we start talking, you know, but she like step back, say, wait a minute, I think I know you.


I was like, you know, for team guys to meet the girl who you don't recognize and she says you, she knows you. The, my first thing through my mind was what did I do to her when? But then say, yeah, you know what, when you were in the HAPS training, you are in the, the new guy in your platoon with your group of guys, you and the habs training, and this is where I met you first time. I remember you for your accent and the belligerence. I say belligerence. Yeah, because you know, like in the habs training, we, we habs training is the high, you know what it is, right? There's the chamber ride when they ride you to like 20,000 feet, the the, the air pressure.


And then, so you can recognize if, if you have a problem, let's say if your, if equipment malfunctions in the real life, in the airplane, you can recognize because you learn the chamber, what your symptoms are, how you will react. Then you have few seconds actually to remedy the, the situation or step away from the ramp in the airplane. And so that's, we're sitting there and they took us up. Rachel was in the chamber actually. And when they asked who wants to be the volunteer to demonstrate the hypoxia, I mean the, the the lack of oxygen. So like every other day I was a new guy. So like that guy right there was like, okay, so they, they told me, they drove us up to 25,000 feet.


I took my mask and then I had to do all those toys, you know, like throw the square peg into square in the ball square. I at things, they sign my name and stuff and these guys start egging me and I say, yeah, drug, we can blah, blah, blah. And I got mad and I was like, I was threatening to kill everybody of them in the chamber. I'm going to kill you. I going this and this and this. And, and then, you know, I passed out. So they just put the oxygen mask on me for a quick again. And other guys were on the masks. So I didn't know who was saying this, but they just saying, you know, Drago, you know, you're gonna pass out, you're gonna do this. You know, I was getting mad. And so when I came to that, the crew in that center, they were, they were excited.


They were like, dude, this is awesome. Well, we have example of almost every symptom of the, of that hypoxia, right? Hypo, hypoxia, hypoxia, yeah. But we never had the belligerent, now we just recorded your belligerent. So this is a great educational video. So I'm floating somewhere there being the, in the as the education educational aid to show people what the belligerent look like. So she remember me from that and she reminded me this. And then we walked to the car. I was very narrow as I couldn't talk to hardly could talk to her from the being scared. And so, but I had the flower, I had the flower in my Jeep because I say, if the jab at the hu shows up, I will run and I'll just give the flower, throw it away.


But in this case, I was so nervous. So I grab this flower and say, Hey, and this is for you. And it was like a great paper ramped up and I just, I, I was so nervous. I gave, I didn not wrap it, I still have it upside down, just give it to her. I say here. And she just looked at me, what's this? I was like, flower. So she took this like, okay, hold on one second. Hold on one second. She told me to wait. She unwrapped it through the paper thing, flip it upside down. She grabbed, she grabbed my hand, she went, okay, try it again. Now it's like, okay here. So that was my, my first thing, you know, I tell, you know, I was more scared at the time that I was before the assault, before the entering on, on target because that was so unusual for me.


That was so foreign and scary. But, so yeah, that was, that was like this pretty scary experience. But it is how I met my wife and then we started dating each other. She was coming to visit me. I was coming to visit, to visit her. And eventually, yeah, we got married and we have, I, I consider myself fully domesticated now. That is what she, But if you ask her, she say, well, yeah, but I'm still the project under construction, I'm still being domesticated and making, so she's making me better person every time. So yeah, that's, that's how it work.


But I still have my pitfalls with, with English, you know, it seems like, you know, so 40 years. But things that I sometimes say, or the way I pronounce things still get me in trouble sometimes. So I remember I ask her sometimes one time that to face me a dessert, I say, well, what would you like for dessert? I said, well no, I want to eat Kimberly. I was like, I see the, like turtle in her eyes, like, who is Kimberly? I say, who is Kimberly? You know the desert? We had like the restaurant two days ago or so. Like you mean Kimberly? It's like, yeah, that's what I say.


No, you say Kimberly, you don't eat Kimberly. So, so you know, I I I still get that shit. I, I, I'm better now, but she's still working on me. She still, I'm the project under construction. So now we have, you know, two kids together, 15 years, 16 years old or beautiful girl. Very smart. And I, I cannot be, she, I could not beat her in chess game since she was I think eight years old. I still can't, I think she's the only person who check made me in or maybe five or six moves. So I, I'm not bad player, but I cannot beat this girl. And I have a son, he's doing gymnastics.


He's 15 years old. So, and we have also from our previous marriages, the oldest son, Adam, my oldest son, he lives in Tennessee. He's running his own detailing business. My other son Blake is actually a student. He was Marine. He spent one year in Afghanistan. He's working now, he's studying electrical engineering in Ohio University. And I have younger son too, who is still active duty Coast Guard. So I'm very proud of my kids. How long have you been married? Oh, that's dangerous question. Now I'm getting me in trouble. 'cause now she's down there listening. Yeah, she's down there listening and then she, she listen then the podcast, then I get myself in trouble.


That's the, the most kind of dangerous questions for me. But I think since two, I mean since 2007. So we got married in August 18. That kind of funny story because August 18 is the presume date when Battle of Turmo Thermo started when 300 Spartans with 5,000 other Greeks defend the, the Greece against 250,000 Persians. So that's the, there's, that's presumed date when the battle started, and this is my date of when we got married. And then the place we got married is Leonidas, like the name of the Spartan King. Oh wow. Wow. Yeah. Oh, also the, when when we got engaged was another story too, because I'm, I'm kind of trouble diet.


I'm kind of like a, I'm not very big into these nice, nice things 'cause I don't know how to do these things. So I ask the guys, what would you do? How can I, how where the best engagement, dude, you need to go to Cancun. You need to go there, get the restaurant, get make it big. I said, dude, I don't have the money for that. I just have barely money to buy the ring. So I was thinking, I say, what I'm going to do is I'm going to invite her on the range to N Island and let her shoot every gun that we have. And the last gun M 48 will be about 48 will be when she opened the tray. There's going to be a ring hanging down and there's going to be a piece of paper like marry me so that I didn it up myself.


So as said, I like see away to get getting in, ask girl to marry. So I brought that to Ireland. She had no idea. Then we had to prepare the range. So with the guys, we, I put her in the room. I'm, I'm still amazed that she didn't complain or anything. There was one old shooting magazine, there was nothing there. You know, like an island up there, there, there's really no place to live. And she's sitting in this room while we are setting up the gas, like M four, you know, and this and this and this. Almost every gun that we had, every type of gun we had inverter, we sign up, line up online. Then I brought her in, you know, just, I have actually video of it. I'm going to post it on my website one day.


So she goes from two gun to gun and shoots. And actually she shoot, she the M four, she shoot pretty good, you know, that was like all on target. My heart skipped a bit, skipped the beat. And so we go from gun to gun and the last gun when she opened the tray, I'm like next to her and she sees the ring and then this piece of paper say, marry me. And I was right there. I said, would you marry me? And she say, yes. Beautiful. Yep, that, so that was the serial way to get married. And I got away, you know, like I didn't have the money. So it turned out to be not very expensive way, But it was very memorable way. It was very memorable for her.


So Yeah. So you've been 2007. So that's what I was seven 2017 and 18 years. Yeah, 18 years. Yeah. Congratulations. It went so fast. It went so, so fast. You know, it was just, the time goes by and here I'm running and Ghana kicking doors in and suddenly here I'm, I'm being married, taking care of the kids and enjoying my American dream. So what's your, what's your secret to a successful marriage? To successful marriage? I think understanding and being reasonable. And being loving and being accepted.


She's another human being that needs respect as well. And we just enjoy our lives together. You know, this is something that the longer it takes the, the better it tastes. Seems like we are, we fought tooth to the nail at the beginning and now we just, we really don't. We have a, but we mesh so well together that, you know, I, I think that's a love. So yeah, that's, that's, that's pretty my, my story. Again, I'm telling you, I am telling this because I want people to see the beautiful America, the, the America greatness.


How unique country it is, how powerful it is. And sometimes it is hard to see if you see in the trenches, if you are part of it, by the way, you have a chance to step aside, take a different vantage point. You can see how beautiful country we have. Yeah. That's some positivity we don't hear very often here. Yes. You know, there's another practice that I, I leave as a free man. I can leave as a free man, only because the funding fathers, because the ideals, the funding fathers were fighting for, and the ideals that were, have been carried to this day by American people, by Americans like you, like other Americans.


Thank you. I saw that. Did you do an iboga treatment? Yes, I did. I, I've done it, but you know, like some people say how great experience they had for me, it was not really, it was really nightmare. I, I didn't meet like some people. I didn't meet Jesus. I met, I met demons and it really scared the hell out of me. But yeah, But it also changed me. I remember after this treatment, I call my wife and I say, well, 'cause she always say like, she doesn't, like when I'm being called Drago, say Drago is gone, you know, that's, you are Thomas.


And she did say like, we're gonna like Drago in the cage and you are Thomas from now on. I said, sure, my wife, you know, she's the boss, whatever you say. And, but then I called her from there. After double gain treatment, I was coming back. I said, look, I buried Drago in the desert. You know, in the aga there Thomas is coming back. Did you get any benefits outta that with the TBIs? I stopped drinking immediately. And there's another thing too. It's, it's difficult sometimes to admit, I think even more difficult is to notice that, that you Are, You can be alcoholic. And for me it was like I had to drink, but I didn't feel like I had to. I was like, well this is such a cool thing. Have a few shots here, you know, a few shots there and I can stop anytime.


I just don't stop it today. I stop it tomorrow. But tomorrow say, well, you know what, just I take a couple more shots and I'll be fine. I'll just stop it tomorrow. I can't stop it. It's very easy. I just told myself I'm not drinking and it continues and I couldn't stop. So I came back without drinking. I don't drink. I don't have to drink now. I can have a glass of wine with my wife if I need to, but there's nothing that compels me to drink. I start sleeping better. And also the peace that came in with, I would say, the acceptance of who you are, where, where you are and also, but that's not just the ibogaine. I think the faith and God plays big role in the, in my life right now.


And this only thanks to Rachel, to my wife. So, yeah. Did your faith strengthen after the iboga? Yes, definitely. Yes. And you know, this may be a, I don't dunno, I don't think she gets mad if I tell, but we, we read books like on faith every night before we go to sleep. So sometimes, most of the time she's reading and sometimes I, 'cause of my English, let me try to read this, but mostly she's reading and you know, it is so peaceful that she's like, well, you know, listen, you are falling asleep. 'cause you know, when I snuggle up she start reading, it's like, Hey, you know what, I'm, I'm just like fading away.


But yeah, so yes, definitely yes. And that the faith plays big role in our life. And I think this is also another reason why my marriage is so successful. There's two things actually. The faith that we both share and her emotional intelligence, that's something that, how to say the right way. She knows like if I'm angry or there's some, some emotions online, she can disarm me. So this is something that, you know, is, is great. I mean, I love the life, but I think we together work as a team greatly.


And that's, that's i I I credit the AGA treatment with, in big part for what happened there. And I think it's important that we pursue it because as a veteran, I know that different people react to different things. The, the, the, the different things will help me, might not help you or might not help somebody else. This is why we cannot restrict people to only want cookie cutter treatment. If you have, let's say TBI or PTSD or whatever, that this is what we're gonna do to you, it might, it might turn out I witness that that things didn't work for some guys, but they found relief and, and help doing different things.


So we, the, the aga I think is important that we, we continue with it and try to allow or bring it, allow people to, to, to get this treatment in the United States so they don't have to travel to Mexico like I did to or to other places. Yeah. Yeah. I hope that happens. We, we have the secretary of the VA coming on soon and Right. That's a big discussion I'm gonna have with him. Nice. Is we need that. I think because at this po it is very powerful. And I was very skeptical initially from a friend of mine, another team guy call me, say Drago, I need to tell you something.


And the guy is just asking knuckle Drago as somebody can be. You don't want to fight this guy. You don't want to, this, this guy is just a badass dude. He calls me and say, Drago, and to tell you I met Jesus. I was like, what? I, I, I talked to Jesus man. I was like, Rachel, get Navy SEAL Fund ready. I think we have another going out of rails. You know, we, I think that we have a guy we need, he will need help. And then I talked to him and that changed my life too. So he, he, we talked for quite some time and he explained me what it was.


I didn't know anything about aga at the time and or a aas. And eventually another friend of mine rest in a piece, dancer, Cillo tackle. He called me, say like, how did he say it? He said, Drago, you need to go. I mean, if you don't go, I'm going to kidnap you. You need to go to this treatment and you are coming with me. So he took his time from his work, from his family, just to help me get to Mexico and get this treatment. So yeah, I owe him a lot too. Man, no longer with man was a good friend of mine. Hmm? He was a good friend of mine. Oh Yes, He was, for a while there.


He was my only friend here. And then, and then he died of a heart attack on the range. Very Young age with his son. Yeah. But on a hunting trip. On a hunting trip. Yeah. He was doing things for other people. Yeah. When he died. So Awesome human. Yes. And I just, I never served with him, but I did. And it was, there was a warrior, true warrior. Yeah. Yeah. I miss him. Yeah, man, me too. I'm miss him too, miss many guys. You know, that's something that I think we, we ask for, you know, it's almost like a survival guilt, you know, like why, why, why I survive?


Why, why mean not him? Why, why he, he got why he was killed, not me. And we ask those questions and I think we always ask until we die, you know? But there's the faith, you know, and that's how the life goes. He was a big part of me finding my faith. Yes, He was. I had a, he Helped many guys. Yeah. He's a great guy, man. And, But this is about the teams, you know what people don't understand. And, and I, I worked some of the programs, some podcasts too, with fellow team guys. And this always ends up pretty heavy, you know?


But people, so people tend to forget that we're normal people, you know, we just do our jobs. Sometimes you, you know, there's, the way I look at ourselves is like, we, we are not sheep dogs. That's other people capable of doing it. We're wolves and we hunt wolves. Sometimes nations need monsters to fight other monsters because this's the only way we can fight those monsters. So I think sometimes we have to become those monsters to protect our society, right? So that's, that's the way I, I look at it and yeah, that's sometimes is, that's life.


You know? And we all knew what we are getting into getting in seal teams with us. We, we and we all were ready to do what needs to be done to protect our citizens, to protect America. And I'm proud of it. Well, I'm proud to know you, man. I think that's, I think that's the perfect way to end this. And I just wanna say, Thomas, it was an Thank you, honor to interview you, Angie. Just get to know you. And like I said, I've, I've just heard so much about you and, and your reputation speaks for itself. And so I just, it's, it's, I'm really thankful we met.


Thank you so much. But I'm just a product of SEAL Teams. I always wanted to be like you guys. I wanted us to keep up with you guys. So I'm nothing special. I'm not different than you. I'm not different than anybody else. So I'm just one of the com the community members. I'm one of the seals former retired Seals now, but we are all the same. We are from the same cloth and we did the same job. So it was an honor to be here. I Thank you for the invitation, But it gave me also the opportunity to maybe make people pause and look at America from different vantage point. Look at how great America is and is worth protecting.


All right. Drago, you got an update on the judge that prosecuted you in Poland? Yeah, I was sentenced to three years of prison time. And what happened at the time, there was nothing unusual because there, there were so-called activist judges. They worked for the party, they did openly work for the party, but they were, they did what the political party told them to do. They were just doing their bidding in the society. And so I was not the only one. There was like thousands of people sentenced by these activists, judges to prison time.


Some of them were sentenced.