
The tariffs are scaring the crap outta the stock market and the stock market's down. I was explaining to her how someday I'm gonna be a millionaire. And we went across the railroad track and muscle fell off my car. By the time only 26, we had about $4 million of real estate and a little over a million dollar net worth. And By 26 you had $4 million in real estate. Made 250 K that year. So by the time I'm 28, I'm bankrupt. Made 250 K one year. The next year I made 6,000. When I was doing really good is when I met God, I met him on the way up, but got to know him on the way down. It's harder to get on with us than it is the CIA or the FBII don't own the business. God. It.


Dave Ramsey, Welcome to the show. I'm so honored to be here. Thank you my friend. My pleasure. Well, I'm honored to have you and been trying to make this happen for quite some time and it's just, you know, it's awesome to have you here. We've got a lot to talk about. Kinda ridiculous. It was so much trouble. 'cause I'm just right there. I Know, I know. You're right. Literally right down the street. Stupid Schedules yours and mine. But yeah, here we are. Here we are. But you know, I just, I don't even know where to put this in the interview, so I'm just, you've been a mentor before of mine since before, way before we ever met. And I was doing a, I was doing a contract anti-piracy stuff off the coast of Yemen.


And my dad had had given me your book and, and wanted me to read it. And I, I kind of skimmed through it and I was like, I get it. Get outta dead, whatever. I don't need to read this stuff. But I didn't have anything to do on that damn ship other than possibly shoot some pirates. And so I dug in and I'm not, I'm not a big reader, I just don't enjoy it. And I read your book from front to back in about a day and a half, and I was just glued to it. Totally changed, changed my life. Wow. And I was making pretty good money back then, contracting.


But I was spending it all on bullshit. I bought like a $30,000 chopper and all kinds of BBMW, all kinds of shit that I didn't need. And I read that book on that little deployment. It was about three weeks long. Came back home, sold everything I had. Oh my God. Paid all my debt off. No way. Yeah. And I've lived like that, paid my house off, sold everything, all the shit that I didn't need, that I had loans on. And, and it had, you know, I guess equity and some of it, and it Just, so what the, the switch flip, you just, you realize it's not giving you joy. It's not Well the, the stress of the debt didn't offset the fun of the stress. Exactly. And then, I mean, I was hesitant, but I, 'cause I really liked my motorcycle.


Oh yeah. And I really liked my BMW at the time. And, but the peace and the freedom that came from getting rid of my mortgage payment, my credit card debt and all the other shit, car payments, it just, that was shit. That was probably 15, 16 years ago. And I've just lived like that ever since. Wow. And, and even today, you know, I'm, I'm debt free. I've built my business. Never took on debt. Only, only grew as much as what I could afford at the time. And, and, and I mean now we're building, you know, we went from the attic of my house to this.


Now we're building a 7,000 square foot studio out in the woods and all of it, there is zero debt. And so I just wanna say thank you. Well, thank you. That's a great story. I didn't know that part. Yeah, I've been friends for a while. I never heard that part. Yeah, that's True. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and then, you know, you continue to be a mentor of mine and we, You know, we had a discussion at your house, but a couple months ago, and I was looking for a CEO and wanted to get your advice on that. And you told me, don't get a CEO, you have to be the CEO. And I think you, you'd mentioned you, you're, you're probably looking more for a COO and you just met Eric downstairs.


This is the beginning of his third week. Oh wow. So I wound up hiring a COO. Okay. And so I just want you to know that, You know, I, everything you say, you know, I, I take it in and, and I know a lot of people do. And, and so this, You know, what I've built here is, You know, somewhat of a product of your mentorship. Wow. So, And I didn't even know. Wow. That's very Cool. Well, now, you know, that's neat. Now, you know. But, but yeah. So everybody, everybody starts with an introduction here. So here we go. Dave Ramsey, you're a legend in the personal finance world who's helped millions climb out of debt and take control of their money.


You're the host of the Dave of the Ramsey show, a nationally syndicated radio program that's been teaching money management for over 30 years. You're an eight time bestselling author, including Total Money Makeover. The book that changed my life. Your newest book, Build a Business You Love is set to release on April 15th, tax day. Is that an accident? Who knows? Seemed like it was a good day. I don't know. You're the founder and CEO of Ramsey Solutions, a company that, that's all about giving people hope through practical, no nonsense financial advice. You're introduced into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 2015.


You've been a husband to Sharon for the last 43 years. You raised three children together. And most importantly, out of everything I mentioned, you are a Christian. Oh, thank you. And I'm sure I'm missing a ton there, but, but 43 years. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you. So let's kick it off. What's, what's the secret to a successful, to a successful marriage? Whoa. Well, the, the joke that I always use, which is accurate, I tell her if she leaves, I'm going with her. So, and then she just giggles. But the, you know, the truth is, I met God about two years after we were married and she probably wouldn't, we still wouldn't be married if I hadn't because the guy that she married was a twerp, is a hell raising beer, drinking hillbilly with a big temper and wasn't much of a man, much less much of a husband.


But he's a good salesman. 'cause I talked to her into marrying me, but, but thank God she's not still married to the same guy that his life has been transformed by Christ. And so every year, a little better every year, a little less dumb every year, a little whatever, it's not no, nothing perfect, obviously. But we've both grown in, in our faith and in our relationship steadily over those years and went through hell losing everything in our early days. And, you know, that, that was a defining moment in relationship and everything else. But yeah, I'm not the same dad I was when I started.


I'm the same husband I was when I started. I'm the same man. I was the same leader I was when I started. Thank goodness. You know, good lord. Who would've want to just sit in the same poop all time and not change anything? Right. I mean, you gotta you gotta change, you gotta get better. And the thing that has impacted that is just, you know, is, you know, trying to figure out how, how to do those things. And the, the instruction manual I used was the Bible. So, 'cause I didn't know anything else, so, but I didn't, I was pretty much a wild animal. Really? Yeah. I can't see that with you. Well, it's a long time ago, But, well, so you didn't grow up, you didn't grow up.


No. Going to church Christianity, none of that. None. No. It's in my heritage. My great-grandfather was a circuit riding preacher and this kinda stuff, but got his old bible from the 18 hundreds. That's pretty cool. Keepsake. But, and, but my parents were just, you know, they weren't particularly angry about it or anything. We just didn't go. And the people we ran around with weren't church people necessarily, or Christians of any kind. If you asked them, they would've said they were. But, but I mean, we weren't, you know, I don't remember my grandmother when I was like nine, they were in church.


She paid me $10 to memorize the Lord's Prayer. And that's the closest I've ever came to, you know, and if we went to her house, we went to church. Wow. But hated it. Didn't want to go. I mean, little kids getting all dressed up and not being able to squirm and yell and whatever and miserable. And, but that was 10 times in my life maybe. But no, I didn't know anything. I was just a character. Where did you grow up? Just over the tracks over here in Antioch. Antioch, Tennessee. Antioch, Tennessee. Yep. What were you into, what was it like growing up? It was, It was, nowadays it's a very international community, but in those days it was just suburbanites and just redneck kids.


I mean, we were just hillbillies and all, most of our parents were, had grown up on the farm and had moved to town to do take a job or something. And so they bought all these little, you know, some nice little suburban homes and it was a little suburbia. Leave it to Beaver. And so, but I mean, this was a neighborhood where it's blue collar, maybe some white collar, but I mean, it was a different world long time ago, you know? Yeah. But it was a neighborhood where little boys got in fights and big boys got in fights. And it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't like we have anything today.


You wouldn't, you wouldn't even, I can't think of one of my grandkids being in that situation today at all. But it was a, it wasn't horrible, but it was just tough, just tough neighborhood, you know? What did your parents do? A real estate business? A real estate business. Owned a residential real estate company there in the Harding Mall area. And so I got my real estate license three weeks after I turned 18. That's what I was gonna do. I was gonna be a big real estate guy. Did They, were, they was, were they successful realtors? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they were in it for many, many years. They had finally close it in one of the downturns, but, and went on to other stuff. But I guess they were in it for probably 10 or 15 years.


Most of my, you know, growing up years, that's what they did. And so that's, that was the good news. 'cause they, they're very entrepreneurial and taught us, you know, we took us to sales conferences and so we were, You know, I got to, I'm sitting in conference 12 years old listening to the Zig Ziglar, You know, and, you know, talking about attitude. And I'm like, yeah, okay. But I learned to sell early and that's, that's, I was grew up in a salesman's household. So there's a lot of wonderful qualities come out of that. And, and also you get grit, You know, out of a situation like that. You don't, you, You know, you learn how to deal with a bully. You, you learn how to deal with not back down on everything that comes at you.


And so it's a Little, little different. Yeah. I think that's some good lessons that seems like we're starting to lose these days. Yeah. I mean, you can, you can, you can learn 'em without 'em to necessarily be in that environment. But yeah, it's, it's something that moms and dads, we have to be really intentional with our kids to let them fail, let them get a bump, let them develop some grit, some characters, some courage. You know, how, how do you handle a high intensity conflict situation? You know, and not something like you've done. I don't mean that, but I mean, just in, you know, just in business, If you just got, somebody's gonna bow up, what are you gonna do?


You know? Yeah. You're just gonna walk away every time. Well, sometimes walking away is a good idea, but sometimes metaphorically busting 'em in the nose is a real good idea too. Interesting how, I mean, so with you growing up like that, and then you've built like this massive business, how did you teach your kids grit, courage. Stick with it. Stand up what you believe in. Well, Totally different environment. Yeah, it is. And, and, but You know, we just, again, we, we, in our house, we were doing it through the lens of scripture, through the lens of, okay, you know, perseverance matters. You know, rejoicing your suffering.


'cause suffering produces perseverance and perseverance. Character and character hope. And, and so perseverance is means you're engaged in something that is uncomfortable and there's friction oriented. And so put put 'em in some situations like that. And so, not, not art, I mean not, not with anger or not anything like that, but it's like, don't helicopter 'em out of every little thing. Let 'em, let 'em flop around in it a little bit. And, and then talk about, okay, what, what Christ do, how do we handle this? What's the tough aspect of this? What's the compassionate aspect of this? And, you know, what'd you learn and what was God talking to you about while you were sitting there in this, in that thing? And You know, you're dealing with this teacher that's a jerk.


You're dealing with a situation, You know, a social situation or whatever as your teenager, all that kind of stuff. And so, you know, we just walk through all that as far as working around the business and stuff. Anytime we're doing anything, I'm, I'm a, one of the things we grew up with too was hard work ethic. I mean, you just work when in doubt, just go to work, shut up, just go, go leave the cave, kill something, drag it home. I mean, something needs to move. And so we taught 'em that. And if you're gonna work around Ramsey and you're a 12-year-old working the book table or shipping department or whatever, you gotta work twice as hard, three times as hard as everybody else. And you gotta be three times as cheerful as everybody else and kind as everybody else and strong as everybody else, because otherwise you're not gonna be respected.


They're gonna assume you're a wissy little boss's kid that's worthless. And so our kids, it was not, it was like they were coaches kids, it was tough. We were tough on them a around the business. And so, you know, my middle, middle daughter Rachel was working the book table and one of the events and one of my guys that was one of my leaders looked over and saw her goofing off looking on her phone. And they're like, you, you don't do that here. And he corrected her, you know, and she's like, she tells that story and, and that's good. That's exactly the environment we wanted to put 'em in. So, you know, those things are, are the, the building blocks of, of having a high quality life.


So you gotta put 'em in there. It's a big


deal If you take your health as seriously as I do. You know how important hydration is. That's why I want to tell you about hoist. Hoist is made in the USA and has three times the electrolytes and half the sugar compared to other sports drinks with no artificial dyes or preservatives. Hoist is on military bases globally serving war fighters and operations and training. I wish I had had hoist as an option for hydration during my military career, especially the brand new flavor they just released Five Star Punch through December 31st, 2025 Hoist is donating a minimum of $10,000 to Folds of Honor a nonprofit organization that provides educational scholarships to family members of fallen service members or first responders. Hoist is now available in all Publix locations. You can use the store locator on their website to find a store near you, or you can purchase directly from drink hoist.com where you can use my code SRS to save 15% on their website. Go check out their website, that's drink hoist.com and use my code SRS to save 15%


as time marches on. It seems to stomp all over our energy levels recovery times, and overall urge us to get after it. We all love the wisdom that comes with age, but wouldn't it be nice to turn back the clock on those physical aches and pains? There's so many brands out there that sell snake oil. It seems like a new one is popping up every other day promising some new health benefit. But how do you know who to trust? BS Naturals, collagen Peptides. This isn't just any collagen, it's a benchmark of trust and performance. It's crafted with integrity and backed by NSF for sports certification, making it a trusted choice among professional athletes and military professionals alike and guarantees purity and potency. They help support your joints recovery times, and can revitalize your hair and skin, helping you not only to look but feel your best every day when you're pushing your limits, whether in training or on the field, you can rely on bubs collagen for pure performance enhancing nutrition. But why stop at collagen supercharge your morning coffee with Bubs Naturals, MCT Oil Creamer. This stuff helps turn your basic cup of coffee or tea into a brain boosting energy sustaining engine for your day. And for those of you that hit the Gym range or just sweat thinking about your to-do list, you've gotta keep hydrated with Bubs Naturals, hydrator, or die packed with natural electrolytes. This drink mix helps you keep going longer and stronger without any added sugar or artificial ingredients. I'm not just a spokesperson, I'm a customer. Whether it's lifting weights, preparing for a show or traveling, Bubs Naturals is what keeps me on my game. Founded in honor of Navy SEAL Glen Bub Doherty a true hero. Every product not only helps you, but also supports veterans. With 10% of all profits going to help military men and women transition back into civilian life ready to upgrade your life, visit bubs naturals.com today and use promo code Sean for 20% off your order. Remember, that's not just savings, that's also helping heroes with every purchase you make. Bubs naturals.com/sean,


when did you mean you grew up with an entrepreneurial spirit? When, when was your first business? 12. 12 years old. Yeah, I told daddy, I said, I wanna go down the quick sack, get a icy, I need some money. He said, you don't need money, you need a job. He said, lawnmowers in the basement, go knock on the closest 50 doors. And I said, I don't know. He goes, I get in the car and he took me down on Nolansville Road over here, little print shop, printed up 500 business cards, said Dave's lawns. I said, dad, that's a little overkill. I just wanted an icy. He came home and he said, go knock on the closest 50 doors and ask him If you can have the opportunity to provide their lawn care needs.


Don't look at your feet and say, while you're standing on the man's front porch and say, you don't want me to cut your grass dew you, you go in there and you, you throw your shoulders back and you smile and you give 'em service and they'll hire you and dad gum. If it didn't work. I had 27 yards to cut at 12 years old. No kidding. Which, you know, I think it's called child abuse now, but Yeah. But it made me keep a profit and loss statement on my business. My income minus his lawnmowers, I tore up equals net profit. But it was, it was, you know, and I loved it. I I it, 'cause I've always kind of been a little business nerd, I guess. And so I'm cutting slugger carnahan yard for $3 and my buddies are working at Burger King, Whopper Floppers, and you know, they're making this long, this is seventies, right?


So they're making buck and a quarter an hour. So I'm figuring all I gotta cut this grass in faster than two hours or I'm making only what they're making. No kidding. And so I'm, you were thinking like I'm, while I'm mowing I'm like going, looking at my watch, going, I gotta, I gotta get these dollar per hour, I gotta keep this, I gotta make this work. And that's how I price the yards out so I could make more. I wanted to try to make about double what my buddies were making if they were flopping whoppers at minimum wage. And if I'm to go, if I'm gonna sweat like that, I need to make some money. Wow. So 12 years old, you're going that, that taught you confidence, that taught you responsibility of business. You and you're already thinking, Interacting with adults, you know, and acting like you have a your crap together.


How long did that last, I guess the rest of my life. Oh, the yards. Yeah, the yards. Oh man, I cut enough grass by the time I was 18, God said I never had to do it again. I ain't cutting grass in a long, long time. Oh man. Yeah, no, I, I, when I took off to college, when I got up into high school, I started doing home repairs too. They, 'cause they would buy an old house and fix it up and they'd put me in there to fix it up. Or one of their buddies would buy a house in the real estate business and put me in there 16 years old to paint it and change the dishwasher out and that kind of stuff. So I did all that. That's how I paid cash for my first car doing that. And, and then that's how I actually paid for the first couple semesters of college, just working my butt off, swinging a hammer and turning the screwdriver.


No good. And did your, would, did your dad instigate that or? Oh yeah, yeah. He could do, he could fix it. That, that neighborhood we were in, everybody had, you know, tool belt, everybody could fix anything. And so you didn't throw stuff away in those days. You, you had it repaired or you fixed it, you know, today, you know, our stuff's throwaway. We don't, you don't send a tee. There's no television repair shops in today, You know, but in the old days, you know, you'd send it over there, they'd put a new tube in it or something, You know, or we would take it apart and look at it and see if we could figure it out. And so yeah, those guys all turned a wrench on their own cars. So we all learned to turn a wrench on a car. And that, you know, it's a wonderful heritage to have.


It's not necessary to be successful, but it's, I'm not uncomfortable. I remember when I was taking my wife out on a date in college, I think it was about our third or fourth date, I think I had a dollar 16 in my checking account. I was so broke I couldn't pay attention. And I had a 1974 Monte Carlo that I was on the third engine in the second transmission. And I had changed them. I had run the wheels off that car and had 200 something thousand miles on it. It was a piece of crap. And I was explaining to her how someday I'm gonna be a millionaire. And we went across the railroad track and muscle fell off my car And, But I had a, I had a crash my toolbox in the trunk with a towel to lay on and a towel to pick the muffler up and a nine 16th wrench to run the U-bolt up.


And it had fallen off before. So I knew how to fix it. And just rolled up under there, fixed it, and dusted my hands off. And we went on the date, she's like, just fix the car and got back in right after you telling me you're gonna be a millionaire. Yeah, okay. She thought I was full of crap because I was, but What, you know, just like we were talking about before the interview, I mean, I got two little kids and, and I really want them to become entrepreneurs, You know, I just, I I see the, I'm experiencing the freedom that you get and, and, and you know, with that being said, it takes a tremendous amount of self drive and, and as you said earlier, perseverance, but, and it, I think your kids are your kids entrepreneurs.


So what age do you, what age did you start instilling that into them? What? Well, I just, sometimes people get from a job working for someone else, the illusion. And it is a, a delusion or an illusion that somehow that's safe. And if you've ever been on the other side of that table where you're actually the guy making the payroll, you know, they're not safe because You know, you gotta run this whole thing, right? Or, or, oh my God, we're gonna, you can't pay 'em. And, but they're under the illusion that this stuff's automatic because they just get their check on Friday and everything's okay.


And so what the first thing we did was break that illusion with the kids is that, you know, your success is not dependent on plugging into some safety mechanism somewhere. Your safety mechanism is your ability, your safety mechanism is your skillset, your safety mechanism. And so even if you're working for someone else, you're self-employed. You just have one client and you need to go, okay, if I'm an architect and I lost that job, I, I have, I wasn't leaning on that particular firm for my future, my life, the quality of my life. I was leaning on my skills as an architect. And, and, and so if you're gonna do that, do it in such a way that you're always marketable and that you, but you view it as, I'm dependent on me.


I'm depend, I'm self-dependent. And then what that does automatically leads you into wanting to run your own thing. You know, you, you want to, you, you don't wanna work for somebody else 'cause you want to go, you know, I'll, I will take the risk of, I will accept the fact that there is risk. I'm not delusional about it and I'm gonna just do it anyway. And so you don't necessarily, entrepreneurs don't necessarily have to start something from the ground up. My kids haven't. They've come into Ramsey and, you know, are, are the next generation of leaders and owners of that organization. And, and all three of them are very capable, very different personality styles, very different approach to that. But they're just not under the illusion that someone else is gonna do it for them or that their success is dependent or entitled or it's none of that.


It, it's sowing and reaping. What age did that start? And it, how did you, how did you instill that into them? How did you show 'em? Well, you wanna be age appropriate. I mean, you've got babies, so don't send 'em with salt mines. That's not what you're talking about. But You know, it's, but you know, three or four years old, we start to go, okay, there's consequences and cause and effect going on again. Bible talks about sowing and reaping. You're gonna reap what you sow. And so, you know, as quickly as we could, we started teaching them three or four things about money, which were life lessons that we back into this conversation.


It's like all kids need to age appropriately, need to learn, to work, to give so that they're not self-centered, they're other centered to save. So they're future oriented, not just present oriented, which is emotional maturity, which not gonna have much of that at four and to spend wisely. So work to make money, then save some, give some and spend some and then you get opportunities to teach them and let them fail under your wing. And so, you know, early, you know it, it's simple as, okay, you're four, your job is to pour the dog food into the dog bowl.


This is your dog, it's our family dog. But the dog eats because you put the food in there and when you do that, you get a dollar or your job is to clean up the toys in your room, which one you're for usually means mom and dad clean up 80% of them. And we make a game out of it and we sing songs and, but you're the best room cleaner in the world. I've never seen anyone clean a room as good as you clean a room, you're amazing and here's a dollar. And and then we get some of those dollars together and we go to the store sometime and we get something. And that's as a result of you being the best room cleaner in the world. And it all begins with something that primitive and that simple. So it's positive reinforcement, but they emotionally, they're emotionally are starting to tie work equals money.


Work equals the money. 'cause I meet 50 year olds that don't know work equals money. Yeah, they haven't figured that out. Nobody ever taught 'em. And they're still waiting around for somebody else to fix their freaking life. And so I didn't want that. And, and you know, and by the time they're 10 or 12 it starts to get pretty sophisticated. And then we said, okay, we're gonna do the money aspect. We said we got, you know, your, your car when you turn 16 is your responsibility, but we're gonna help, we're gonna have 4 0 1 Dave, we're gonna match. So whatever you save, I'll match it. If you save nothing, get ready for a real nice bicycle. You know, so you, you, your little butt's gonna be walking 'cause you're gonna pay for your car. But I'm gonna, whatever you save now I will tell you, you know, you're starting young.


Make sure you put a limit on that. 'cause it, the third one figured it out. Yeah, he had 15 grand and I'm looking at buying a $30,000 car for a 16-year-old. Not a chance. Damn. So we talked that down and we worked that out and he ended up giving some of that to a ministry and it was an earthquake in Peru about that time. And he'd been down there on a missions trip and some of the kids down there didn't have anything. So he gave some of that money that, and we matched it, the whole thing anyway. But some of it was generous. And then he bought a real cool jeep, but it still wasn't 30,000 freaking dollars. But I had to keep my word 'cause I had set this thing up so I'm worn the rest of you make sure you put a limit on it.


But we did that on all three of 'em. And they'll tell you to this day that they had great pride the way they drove the car, the way they took care of the car, their friends didn't leave crap in the car. You know, you take care of my car. I worked for this and and they did. They worked. They babysat, they cut grass, they worked at the company, they sold books, they did, You know, whatever they at the company, you know, they're working for us all, whatever they had to do. But yeah, we just, so it built, built character and confidence and dignity and responsibility and all of those things got woven into this little money lesson of you're gonna save, you're gonna save, you're gonna save, you're gonna save, you're gonna give, you're gonna give, you're gonna be other-centered, not just self-centered.


This whole access of the world doesn't run through the top of your little head. It ain't about you baby. And so we're gonna be selfless, not selfish. And we just talked about that like I guess all the time. And they probably got sick of it, but it turned out, so it's okay Man. That's great advice. And so you started, you start back to you, you started, you were a real estate agent at age 18. How did that start? Well, I turned 18 and I passed my real estate test like two weeks later. And I sold a house like three weeks later, which, who buys a house from an 18-year-old? What kind of, but I talked some guy into it, a guy from high school, $42,750 on East Ridge Drive off of Haywood Lane, right over here in Antioch.


And that house today would be 800 grand probably, you know. But I went off to college and I was to take, to get a degree in real estate 'cause I wanted to be, I wanted to do commercial real estate. Mom and dad did houses residential and I wanted to do big numbers and I thought I was cool, whatever. And so I, my goal was to be a big, you know, like a shopping mall guy or whatever and all that stuff. And so, but I went, moved my license down to East Tennessee and went to the University of Tennessee and I lived in Merville Maryville is how it's spelled. But over there we call it Merville Tennessee.


And drove back and forth to UT and sold real estate there. And while I, and to get through school, I made enough to get through school and then I graduated from there. And when I got home I had a couple jobs and then I ended up working for a home builder and then I left that and started buying houses and doing flip this house. And that's when I got wealthy. How many years did it take you from, I mean, how many years did it take you from selling houses to buying your first house? Well, I mean I sold houses all the way through college. And when I got outta college, I went to work for a home builder selling houses. And I worked there like a year. So how old were you? So I bought my first house probably to flip when I was, I was 22 or 23, something like that.


And I flipped it, but there wasn't cable TV to tell you how to flip this house. There wasn't TikTok and Chip and Joanna hadn't been born. I mean it's so, I mean it was not, this was just me going out there digging up a foreclosure deal and talking some banker into loaning me the money. 'cause I borrowed money up to my eyeballs and I was doing flip this house. And so yeah, we started from nothing. And by the time we were 26, we had about $4 million of real estate and a little over a million dollar net worth. And by 26 you had $4 million in real estate, made 250 K that year. Which, and that's, that's a million dollars now a year. And, but I had too much debt and the bank looked down and said, there's a child that owes us a million dollars.


And they, and they were right and they called our notes and we spent two and a half years losing everything. And so by the time I'm 28, I bankrupt made 250 K one year and the next year I made 6,000. And the odd thing is, is when I was doing really good is when I met God, I met him on the way up, but got to know him on the way down. How'd you meet him? I went to a, a sales conference. And when my beer drinking buddy and we were so stupid, we would go to happy hour and then go make sales calls and couldn't figure out why people wouldn't buy from us. That's how stupid we were.


So yeah, anyway, we go to a sales conference, me and him, and we're sitting on the back row up on top and we're kids and this guy comes on stage that makes 400 KA year. And we're like, I gotta, I, I wanna be him. So we're like, okay, here's the five things I wanna learn from him for before he came up. 'cause we knew the guy was coming and he actually used that. Our little questions, he didn't have our questions, we hadn't submitted them, but he somehow answered every one of those questions. So he had credibility before he walked up there. He was a great speaker. And then by the time he read our mail, he owned us.


And he said, and there's one more thing. And we're like, no, there's not. We got all he, there's, that's it. That's all we got. No, there's one more thing. He said, If you don't know this man named Jesus, you need to get introduced because it will change the way you do business. You change the way you do relationships and business is all relationships. You're gonna be more successful when you understand how human relationships work. And you will not understand that except through Christ. And my wife had been ragging on me to go to church and I didn't wanna go to church. She's like, we're going to church. I'm like, I'm like, who, who are you? She, she, we got married and she remembered she was a Baptist, you know, and so she forgot that prior to marriage. But then she comes home and oh, we're going to, no, I'm not going to church Sunday's when we drink beer and watch football.


And she would cry and get mad and go out and find her little Baptist people and go to church. And so then I come home from the sales conference and I'm like, I think we ought go to church. And she's like, who are you? What you do with my husband? And so we went into a couple of churches and they were boring as crud. And I'm like, if God's here, he, if he was here, he left. 'cause nobody here is excited about it. And if there's got a God, you gotta be excited about it. I mean, come on. Hello. And so we go ba in the back door of this little church over on o Wicker Boulevard over here, Christchurch. And You know, you sit on the back row so you can eject in case they get weird, You know, or in case they get, I I don't wanna talk to people, I'm just here, I'm checking this out. You know, you probably didn't do that, but that's how I did it.


I'm, I'm gonna be able to eject and couldn't get away from that place. 'cause his old school pastor, he is stand at the back door and shake everybody's hand as they left only about 400 people in there. And his wife was a big squishy woman. And she'd give you a big Jesus hug, you know, like grandma hug and oh man, that woman hugged me into the kingdom and I'm standing there and he got up on there. I thought Christians were WSEs. That's what I figured. I figured a bunch of sissies, You know, and that's how I grew up. And so this guy stood up and he was a man and he's like, this is what the Bible says. And If you don't agree with that, you're what's known as wrong. And he would call out stuff in the political spectrum and say, this is morally wrong, our nation, you know, stuff.


And I went, You know, that's right. And he's got like a backbone and stuff. Wow. And You know, they had this choir up there and it wass a long time ago. I mean, this is eighties, right? So everybody wore a suit to church and all this kind of stuff. In those days you didn't, You know, you didn't come in with coffee and shorts a hat, you know, but nowadays it's what I wear to church. But, but then you, you certainly didn't. But there's woman in the choir starts waving her hand, raising her hand. I'm like, Sharon, if they get snakes out, I'm outta here. This is crazy. You know? And, and it's like, so yeah, and you know, somebody says something about the Holy Spirit and I said, I don't have any idea what that means.


And we just kept coming and we didn't know what was drawing us back. But we found out later it was, it was the spirit of God. We could feel it. And it was just attractive. And Sharon was pregnant with our first kid and we were making money. But, you know, Jaguars and Rolexes weren't satisfying. How long did it it it wasn't enough. You know, I sorry to That's okay. Interrupt here. Fine. But you know, I, I see, you know, it didn't take me long to figure that out and, you know, but I I, I don't think a lot of people ever figure that out.


And I mean, you see it all over social media. The, the, the, the greed and the, the flash and all that. And I think it, I think it actually detours a lot of people from, they, they think it's unreachable because a lot of it's fake. You know, you get people, I mean they have, they have businesses now where you can just go rent the jet, not even fly in it, go take a picture in front of the private jet and you go run a Lambo or you go run whatever. And they just put all this shit out on social media. And I, I think it, it it, it makes people think that this becomes unreachable.


And, and so, You know, when I finally started making money, I bought some dumb shit. I mean, I just talked about, you know, the, yeah, the BM bmw, We all did The chopper, all that kind of stuff. And so I'm just curious, how long did it take you to figure out that possessions don't fulfill you as a person? You know, I don't know that it was a, a singular moment. It was probably on a gradient, truthfully, because that was my deal. I'm gonna go get some stuff. I was in acquisition mode, you know, from 18 to 27, 26.


And, and it worked by the way, you know, except it didn't stick because of my, the principles I used built a house of cards. But, but the concept worked of I'm gonna go get some stuff and I went and got some stuff and, but you start to realize pretty quick, it's like, eh, you know, If you eat enough lobster, it tastes like soap. I, I love lobster, but I never had lobster until I was 12 years old. And Red Lobster came to town and I thought, man, I'm going to eat all that. I can get, I love this, right? But I always just laugh and go, If you get enough of anything, you get enough cars, you get enough suits of clothes, you get enough houses, you get enough. Eventually you just go, you. It's, it's not, it, it's unfulfilling and it doesn't take a genius to grasp that.


But, and, and so probably what happened was I start going to church 'cause my wife was dying for me to do that. And I'm sitting there and they're talking about Christ and they're talking about being, oh, it's not all about you. It's, you know, first to be last. And those that are happiest are those that serve. And the most fulfilling thing you can do in your life is serve and not gather up another Jaguar or Lambo or whatever, a jet, whatever, chopper, whatever. But the, so I, I'm in there for other reasons, but that's gnawing in there also. And, and so I think probably one of the almost byproducts of a spiritual shift and going, okay, I'm no longer the lord of my life.


He is, I'm gonna change that. You, you're in charge. What do you wanna do? 'cause I obviously screwed this up. I went bankrupt, I lost everything. My wife thought she married Sir Galahad. Turns out it was go, you know what I mean? It's like, obviously I don't have my crap together. So obviously I need a new instruction manual and I need a someone else running my life other than just me because I'm pretty self-sufficient. But I, I need, I need a, I need some instruction. And so, 'cause when I went broke, I wasn't just broke, I was broken. And so you hit that bottom. And then with that I go, okay, there's nothing wrong with getting you some stuff.


Get some nice stuff. I just drove a really nice truck up here today. I mean, I don't mind you having some stuff, but that's not the point. The house you're building is really nice. The house I live in, you've been there is is nice. There's nothing, nothing wrong with that. But what's wrong with where it becomes wrong is, is If you are asking the stuff to do something it's not capable of, which is give you peace and only the nails scar hands can give you peace that passes understanding. And so that's what I got early, You know, there in my twenties. And then I've been able to rebuild from losing everything over the last 35 years and, and you know, become much wealthier than I was before.


But I don't have any emotional or spiritual attachment to it at all. It's, you know, a guy, I got a super expensive sports car and I parked it in front of a burrito place the other night. I went to speak at this church thing and a kid comes in and he goes, Hey, is that your car outside? And I said, yeah, I thought he was just admiring the car. And he goes, I just hid it. It's like, kid, you have no idea what this is gonna cost you. I go out there, there's a little ding about like this on the thing, but that's probably, you know, gonna be 50 grand or something. It's like, and he's like, I don't, I don't, I don't know if my insurance, I don't, my parents are gonna kill me.


He is like 17 years old. And I'm like, here's what I'll do again. I said, just, I'm gonna go over here and puke in the bushes and you're just gonna go home and we're not gonna worry about it. And he goes, you're letting me go. And I'm like, you can't do anything about it anyway. I mean it's, it's outta your, you're over your skis and I'm, I'm not real happy and I'm not mad at you. And I, and I'm, and I got home and, and Sharon's like laughing at me and she's like, yeah, you, your problem is you just don't care. You, you like the car but you don't, you don't love the car. You know, you're not, it's not, you're, you're not worshiping the car. It's just a fun car. Yeah. You know, and, and it's a ridiculously cool car, but it doesn't, it doesn't, it's not a, I'm not attached to it.


And so I can just go let the 17-year-old go home and not kill him and Oh. 'cause it's not, it's not gonna, it's, it's, we're asking those things to do something for us that they're not capable of. Yeah. It's almost like asking your wife or your husband if you're, you know, married, if you're a lady watching this to be your Jesus, they, they're gonna fail miserably. Your husband's gonna leave his underwear on the floor and you're gonna realize right quick, he's not Jesus, there's an underwear on the floor. Jesus wouldn't do that. Possibly would, I don't know. But, but you know, I mean, it's, you, you can't ask things to do things that aren't, that to be God that aren't capable.


That's the problem with idol worship. That's the core of it. When you mentioned that your, your business mentor, the, the guy that you saw spoke, said you need to, basically you need to implement Christ in your life into your business. What did he mean by that? I think he just was saying, your character's changed and you become other centered rather than self-centered. You become, when you're selling, if you're a taker, the people buying can smell it on you. If you, when you're selling, you're serving, You're, you're then you're there to help and they can smell that on you.


And so again, selfless or selfless or self ish, other centered, self-centered. And so we teach the sales team at Ramsey. You know, you work at a five star restaurant with the best wine list on the planet, and your job is to be the best server possible to where when the people leave that dining experience, we're not in the dining business, but I, when they leave doing business with Ramsey, that they've had an a an experience like a dining experience where they were served. And If you ever noticed, if you're in that kind of a setting, and I'm, you know, fine food is one of my favorite sports. And so, You know, if you're in that kind of a setting, the server makes all the difference because they're gonna, they're, they're not just slapping stuff on the table.


And you, you can have the finest food, the finest wine and list in the world and, and still have a crummy experience because you weren't served. Interesting. So how, with that being said, how would a sales pitch have gone without, without that implemented? And then how did it, what, what, what did it look like next? Well, it's manipulative without, because my goal is for me to win. Okay. If I'm selling. And so all I care is that you buy, I don't care whether you buy the right thing. I don't care If you need it. I don't care If you finance it and it, the finance contract ruins your life. I don't care about you.


All I'm trying to do is get a unit out the door and you are a unit of production for me. You're not a human being that I'm trying to make your life better. And so it changes the language, changes the body language and we all know it. Even people that aren't in marketing or sales, you know, it, you, when you go into a ice cream store, you can feel it. Are they there to help you or are you just another dip? You know? And so it, it's, are they there to, you know, 'cause you're ever, you meet someone and they light up. You know, you think about it, it's very contrived now. But it's welcome to Mos. You know, I mean it's like, we're glad you're here. Come into my house. We were at a nice, wonderful restaurant down in Mexico a few weeks ago.


And we walk in the guy's Italian and it's like, you went to his home, You meet, met us at the front door with a glass of champagne. Come into my home. And he was, he had great joy in making sure that you had an amazing experience. I think the food was good, but I got lost in the, in the moment that he created. You know, it's just fabulous. I love that kind of stuff. Very cool. So yeah, it sounds like, so be personable. Listen, listen to what they want. Help 'em Be Yeah. You know, what would you do if it's your little brother? What would you do if he's your mama?


You make sure they took, got, took care Of. Yeah. And, and treat it like, treat every one of 'em like that. That's a great message. Blow their mind. What went wrong? What went wrong in your business that you went bankrupt? We had a, I had a 1.2 and 90 day notes because again, I was buying a property, fixing it, you know, had a rehab cruise running. And so I'd buy a property, fix it up and flip it. And so at the end of 90 days, you gotta pay the whole thing or you can renew the note, pay the interest and renew it for another 90 days if the bank allows that. And they did, because I'd never lost money on a deal. But if I had a house that we didn't get it finished and it, you know, it took six months instead of three months to get it fixed and sold.


I'll pay the interest, renew it and, you know, it's not a problem. And, and the problem was when they looked down and said, oh, we want it all right now. And so basically I had, you know, 120 days, 90 days, 90 day notes coming up due for million too. And it's all tied up in real estate. You gotta move it all right now. Well, there's a word for real estate sold super fast. It's cheap. I started giving stuff away to meet the note obligations. And, and so the income stopped because the income was from the profit and the profit all went away. 'cause I was selling it so cheap to get rid of it. I really wasn't in over my head. I mean, I had a million dollars in equity. I was sitting at 75% loan to value ratios and the things. So that was all working.


And I hadn't really lost money on deals. I lost money on a couple of 'em here or there. But I was making enough to cover that. But I was pretty good at it. But I had built it on, on this fragile, unsustainable platform of the bank, had control of my life. I didn't realize that they had a, their hands around my neck until they started squeezing. And when that guy walked in and said, you know, you're gonna pay all this right now because we're not going to renew any of this. We fired the guy that did these deals with you. And I'm like, why? And he, he shouldn't have done 'em. I'm like, he didn't do anything wrong. He was doing what you told him to do. And anyway, big argument.


And, and so we had to, that, that bank called their notes. And then the second largest bank had a 800 K with them. And they heard through the grapevine that Dave was in trouble 'cause Dave was in trouble. And so they, they, you know, we spent one year making 250,000. The next year I made 6,000. 'cause all I did was sell the houses. Damn. All I did was just try to try to do the right thing and pay the bill and be honorable and all those kinds of things. But it didn't matter. They were coming, they were, you know, every time I would make a move or do anything to trying to help them get their money, but they would stick me again.


You know, so I, I was, I was bleeding on every pore. And, and I, I was, I was just bound determined I was gonna make it. And I almost made it, but I didn't, I ran outta emotional and spiritual fuel and I couldn't, I I, I was really struggling with that. I, I was a baby Christian. I was really struggling with the idea that a Christian doesn't pay his bills and that's awful. It's not, You know, and there's nothing in the, about bankruptcy in the Bible, you know? And so what, what allows this? And I'm like, you know, they're coming to take the baby bed next week on one of these lawsuits. They're gonna take all the furniture out of our house. I gotta a brand new baby and a toddler marriage is hanging on by a thread.


And I'm like, oh, so you had kids when this happened? Yeah, I had two kids. Rachel was born in April, we filed in September. So she was a little baby and Denise was a toddler and Sharon would've left, but she didn't have a car. She, I mean, it was awful. And I stood in the shower as hot as I could stand. I just stand there and cry. I was so scared I couldn't breathe. I didn't know what to do. And yeah, so, but I, I just, I, I ran my tank, ran dry. My emotional, spiritual courage, whatever you wanna call it, is dry.


I, I just, I didn't know what else to do. I just did. And finally they like are coming to take the furniture and I'm like, then I got all redneck, like they can't, I took everything else. They can't have the baby bed. Like I couldn't get another baby bed. But I was so, so we filed on Thursday night, Thursday afternoon to keep 'em from the truck from backing up at the house on Friday morning. I took it that far. Two and a half years of hell. That was two and a half years. Yeah. Holy shit. And it was, water got cut off. And I'm not proud of this, but I went and hooked the water back up and then they cut it off again, and then I went and hooked it back up again. And then they took the water meter out because I kept turning it back on Piring my own water.


But I had two little kids in the house. I didn't know what else to do. I was upset, broke, I couldn't breathe, and it's awful. And it was my fault. All of it was my fault. And there's no, the shame and the condemnation and, but then you start to heal and those scriptures, there is therefore now no condemnation. So how long, so was it, was it a two and a half year long process of them taking everything or did it From the time they called once and then first, from the time they called our first notes, we fought it. We said, okay. You know, and I, I gave 'em the middle finger, said, all right, I'm taking you people outta my life. And I started selling everything. And I really was under the, I was so stupid. I was under the illusion I could sell enough of it fast enough to just pay 'em all off and be done and then figure out something else to do or whatever.


But I couldn't get it all moved. And then they started foreclosing and I had unsecured notes out too, and they started suing me on those. I got sued like 78 times. Yeah. We were on a first name basis with the old boy at the sheriff's department that brings those pink lawsuit papers. Yeah. Sharon's like, come in Harold, we got cookies on. But it was, it was hell. Wow. And so, you know, it's, it's pain is a, a, a thorough teacher. So it's no wonder Dave Ramsey doesn't borrow money. Yeah. You know, when they say the borrower is slave to the lender in Proverbs, I went, yeah. Got that one.


Got that one. The Richs over the poor and the borrower, slave of the lender got that one. I will never be another banker ever in my life except where I make deposits. And none of you people will ever have that power over my life again. I gave you that power once. I'm not stupid enough to do it again. You know, put me back in shackles.


When was the last time you checked on your home title? If you're like me, the answer is never. There's a growing real estate scam, targeting American homeowners and their home equity criminals. Forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee and file with your county. Boom. Your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or a foreclosure notice. Stop what you're doing and find out today if you're already a victim, use promo code ss at Home Title Lock dot com and you'll get a free title history report to find out if your title is still in your name. When you sign up, you'll also receive a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property's title, urgent alerts. If there are ever any changes. And if fraud should happen, their US based restoration team will spend up to 1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. Your satisfaction is guaranteed and you can cancel at any time. Get peace of mind now at Home Title Lock dot com, promo code SRS, or click the link in the description.


Part of the reason I do what I do is for my family, I want to leave them a better country than the one I was born into. I also wanna make sure they're taken care of financially. And that's why I make it a priority to help protect the money I've worked so hard to earn and save. And one of the ways I do that is by diversifying into gold and silver. Precious metals have been a store of value for thousands of years, and they are known as a hedge against market risk and inflation. If you're interested in learning about how precious metals can help you, you should reach out to my partners at Goldco. They're an amazing company. They support this show and I trust them right now. They're offering a free gold and silver kit. All you have to do is go to sean likes gold.com. You'll also learn about a special offer to get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver for qualified orders. So go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. S-H-A-W-N likes gold.com. Make sure you do everything in your power to help protect what's yours.


Interesting. We'll, but I think I know the answer to this, but I mean, we're having discussions about private equity and all this stuff. I mean, have you, have you ever taken any, any of that? Nope. Nothing. Nope. Everything's built for grassroots And Yeah, we've organically cash flowed. Everything is the business answer to the question. The reason was that, again, I I, I didn't simply go bankrupt and I didn't simply meet God in the process. The whole thing melded together and it took me all the way to powder to ground zero.


And I went, okay. So when I started talking about opening up a business again after that, when I was healed, I mean, I went back to doing some real estate deals just to eat and I was able to get some food on the table, but a couple years later I started learning this stuff. The Bible says, get out of that, you know, and learning biblical finance, which is common sense. And I thought, okay, I can, I I think we can do this. And Sharon and I start said, okay, we're gonna handle our marriage by the book. We're gonna handle our kids by the book. We're gonna handle our finances by the book. And you know, the beautiful thing about going broke is you no longer care what everybody thinks.


So I'm not taking a poll. I, you know, I I love you, I appreciate you, but you don't really get a vote. You know, we get one vote, Jesus vote gets a vote that he's the one gets a vote. And so this is how we, you know, submit yourselves one to another. This is how we're gonna be married. That means I gotta dry dishes, and that means I gotta serve my wife and as a, as a high quality husband, you know? And so how do you lead? How do you hire and fire? How do you, you know, anything I could figure out, I'm gonna do it this way, whatever this book tells me, this is what I'm gonna do. And these people in my life that are new pe new friends in my life, to the extent there's that they're doing one of those things, well, according to this book, I'm gonna listen to them.


And so I had like one friend who had an incredible marriage. He wasn't great business guy, but it, but I could learn how to be a husband from him. And I had another guy who's a great business guy, wasn't necessarily incredible at his marriage, but I could learn some Christian business principles from him. And so I took that and put it all together. And so the, all that is to say that the first principle was, I don't own the business. God owns it. I'm a manager, old English phrase, and King James is steward. I'm a steward, which just means I'm a manager of other people's property. And so I don't own Ramsey. God owns it. And so when I started it, I'm like, okay, God, what do you wanna name your business?


And sat there with a yellow pad and nothing, couldn't hear anything, didn't know what to name it. And I kept on and I thought what we're gonna do is we're gonna help people. We're gonna give hope. We're gonna, you know, we're gonna help people that are hurting. Like we're hurting, we're hurting. And you know, I, and so I sat there with a yellow pad. I'm like, okay, God, next morning an hour sitting there with a yellow pad, nothing on it. And I wrote down a couple things and I'm like, those that wasn't God. That's the last night's pizza. And You know, figuring out the difference in the Holy Spirit spirit and pepperoni, right? And so, and finally I wrote down light and I, I honestly looked up and I went, you're just really not good at marketing light consulting.


I mean, light, light, that's awful. I'm this argument with God. Like he's worried about me. And, and I was over at the church doing something, helping the, helping this little couple that had their car payment behind. And they had these concordances in the church, the, these books that you can look up what the Greek or Hebrew meaning is. And I thought, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna open this business. We're gonna help people and we're not gonna rub their nose in our Christianity, but they're gonna at least know where we got the information. We're gonna, this is where we're coming from. Okay? So, you know, and so we're gonna talk about it, but not be thumping people with it, right?


Because nobody wants to be thumped and Bible thumped. And so anyway, I opened that book up and I thought, wouldn't it be interesting if this, if the word light only appears one time? Because there's always multiple Hebrew words or multiple Greek words for the word light. And so I'll go down through there. Sure enough, there's a Hebrew word, but it applies, like shows up like 10 times. Okay, that's not helpful. And so then there's a Greek word for light that shows up multiple times. And here's another Greek word that only shows up one time in scripture. I thought, well, I wonder what that is. That's interesting. It's Matthew. And I pull open the English Bible and I'm like, okay, the word is lampo, which obviously we got our word lamp from light, right?


And so I flip open the Bible and it says, don't hide your light under a bushel, put on a lamp stand for all to see, which is what we were promising to do. That we were gonna be know, be a light to people. And I went, okay, that's you, God. And so the company that actually owns Ramsey is called Lampo. No kidding. Yeah. The Lampo Group Inc. Is the actual corporation. DBA doing business as Ramsey Solutions. Ran it that way, publicly facing for a long, long time. But we started doing some branding shifts. And but, so God named the company, it's his company, he runs it, I don't own it. And if he decides to bankrupt it by decides or it's not gonna be generational, it's his, he gets to do with it what he wants to do with it.


Just like that stupid car that the 17-year-old backed into. And so now based on that, God, what do you wanna do with your company? How do you want your employees treated? How do you want your team treated? How do you want to be people to be compensated? How are you gonna treat the girl that gets cancer that works on the front desk? Oh, we paid her and she wasn't at work for three years. For three years. She's back at work. One of my best friends, I love the girl. She beat it. You know what, God would do it, but what would Jesus do? He, he would taken care of her, her family. He wouldn't have, oh, you got cancer, we're gonna write you up for not being at work. And you're get rode up three times, you're gonna get fired. Right? I mean, I don't think that's how God run a business.


So we've done stuff like that. You know, we had a kid get hit in the head with a, a ball at camp over in North Carolina. And his daddy, I was in Scotland, but my leadership team did this. And they called me to tell me they chartered a plane to send dad over there. 'cause the camp called the hospital called and told the dad the kid's got four hours to live. You can't get to Asheville, North Carolina from here in four hours, but you can, If you charter a jet. And you know, if that was me, what would I, and my kid is over there, what would I want somebody to do for me? Well, we sent him over there on a jet. And the good news is, again, kid made it Wow. The hospital was wrong, thank God.


But, but I didn't, you know, we don't do any of that for any reason. But, you know, the interesting thing is when you love your people, well the rest of 'em are watching and it becomes one of the best places to work in America because, because it's one of the best places to work in America, because God runs an incredible business. You know, I run this very, very similar to that. Brilliant. I got a great relationship with everybody that works there. I care about 'em. I I consider this like a family to me. Yeah. I can feel it when you walk in And you know, I, I got, I got a question for you though. And this is just something that I've struggled with is, is sometimes I feel like my generosity may be somewhat of a weakness.


And so what I mean by that is, is people s people see the generosity that I have, and there have been a handful of people that come here and they take advantage of that. And so how do you, as a business owner, I mean, how do you, how can you tell the difference? How do you have the foresight into that? How do you deal with it when it, when it does happen That, and even worse, they, you find out later that somebody's betraying or stealing or they leave and then they say nasty things about you after you did something for them.


I gave a guy a car one time, and then he is on a Facebook group. I hate Dave Ramsey Facebook group. And I would like to tell you, I know the formula for that. I don't, it still hurts my feelings. And I still get pissed off. It's like, I wanna go find the guy and choke him, but, you know, but I'm not going to. And, and, and, you know, and the thing, the thing I have struggled with the most on that, and you know, I've got good friends in my life that have walked with me for 30 years and I've got a group of guys that I hang with that aren't, that don't work at my company, and that a lot of 'em have been friends for 20, 30 years through this whole spiritual journey.


And so I'll, I'll just vent with those guys. I'm like, you know, and they go, okay, look, you got 2000 1500 people or so that used to work at Ramsey. You got 1100 that work there. Now four of them are twerps. Keep the ratio of how much you're get, how much rent you give in your brain to those four. Correct. Because it really should be about 1% of your thought pattern instead of 25% of your thought pattern. Because I don't know about you, but I get mad, I get hurt and then I just ruminate on it. I'm just those, Hey, I just run over and over and I can do this.


I can do this and I'm gonna shut that Facebook group down. I'm, and I've, I've called out some of these people a time or two, but, but I end up spending too much of my calories on the wrong things then. And it's hard for me is the answer to your question. That's a real human emotion. But it doesn't invalidate the idea. You're not gonna get to the end of your life and go, You know, I regret helping that lady who had cancer. Yeah. You're not gonna go, I regret giving that, you know, helping that guy with a jet. I regret, you know, whatever the story is where you did something that was generous or whatever, use some of God's money that he lets you manage to do something for somebody.


One of his other children is what it amounts to. And, and, and You know, God has some crazy kids, man. Some of 'em ain't right. And so, you know, you just gotta go. And I, I, I wish I was better and stronger about just letting that roll off my back. But I'm not, I'm trying to tell you, it's probably not gonna quit hurting when somebody does you wrong. Is it transforming? But it, but it doesn't mean you don't be generous. Yeah, yeah. That's the point. But I, I can't stop that. That's just part of who I am. Yeah. At the same aspect. I mean, has, has that, I mean, has that transformed you into somebody who's a little more guarded?


Yeah, probably. And, and, and I'm probably a little wiser about the generosity. You know, I, I, 'cause I don't wanna throw good money after bad. That's not, obviously I don't, I'm not gonna, I don't want to be a blessing to somebody who's gonna do something silly. That's not what I'm trying to do. That was not the intent. And so, you know, you just, you're probably just a little more, I was probably a little more disorganized or chaotic in the generosity. Now I'm probably more precise. Gotcha. And I'm gonna go, I, I think about the unintended consequences of this. And I kind of, sometimes I think, well, if I do all this and then they, you know, decide they're gonna be nasty later on social media about Dave Ramsey or something, how am I gonna feel?


I'm, I still gonna be glad I did it. And I'm like, yeah. 'cause when I do, when we give someone a, a large severance package or something, you know, we're overly generous there or we take care of somebody and then later, you know, we're, we're really not doing that for what we get from it. So let it go. And it's, I have to just have, you could tell I have this conversation myself a lot. But yeah, I'm probably more guarded. I'm not, not cynical, I don't wanna get cynical, but I do wanna be more, I do wanna be more intelligent, more wise about what are the unintended consequences of this? And am I overdoing it outta some kind of sense of weakness or something?


Or is this exactly what God would do right now because it's his money. What do you wanna do with your money? God, how would you treat this guy? You know what he's gonna do this gal, you know, what they're gonna do later. And I'm trying to figure that out. I'm still trying to figure it out. I don't think I'll get it figured out this outta of, but it's a, it's a fun journey. So, backtracking just a little bit. So was, I'm sorry, what, what was the or light, what was the original name of the business? Lambo. Lambo. Is that what was born out of the, out of the downturn? The consulting business? Yeah. Yeah. I first started helping people stop foreclosures 'cause I was a foreclosure and I used to buy foreclosures.


And so I know how to stop foreclosures and house is three payments behind. I know how to work the, you know, the deal with the bank, the deal with the mortgage company and get 'em caught back up and keep 'em from losing their stinking house. And so people was, first thing I did is people would come and pay us a couple of hundred bucks and we would help 'em get caught up on their credit cards and their car payments and get 'em on a budget. And there wasn't a class, there wasn't anything. It was just me sitting in a room with a yellow pad and a calculator and I would call the credit card companies and you know, yell at 'em and work. 'cause they're, they're complete twerps. And How did you market that? I just word mouth. I mean, coming from somewhere that's making $6,000 a word, $6,000 a year.


Yeah. Word of mouth to a consulting business. Well I, number one, I, again, I went back to doing some real estate deals. That's what we were eating on. Okay. And I was doing the other stuff at church just as a ministry. The pastor called and goes, Hey, there's a guy in my office getting foreclosed on. Can you help him? I'm like, yeah, I'll be over in 20 minutes. And I sat down and that's the first time I ever did it. But once you do something good, you know, you help you show that you have a talent in a church, they'll have you do it all the time. So I was over there almost every night pretty soon with somebody that was blowing up in their finances and I'm showing 'em, this is what we learned. This is what we did. We screwed it up. And that, you know, our story of failure kind of took some of the shame off of them so they could start to heal. And, and then we could say, okay, here's what we're gonna do.


We're gonna sell this car and we're gonna do this and you know, I'm gonna get you outta this, but it's gonna be painful. But you can, you can make it, you can make the turn on this and you can get on back on top of it. And then a guy from a restaurant chain that went to our church called me and said, Hey, one of our managers has got an IRS lien. Can you help him? The company's gonna pay you a $250 fee to go help him. And it iss the first time I ever got paid to do that. And I was doing real estate deals to feed the family back after being broke. And so I went over to that guy at that restaurant and sat down with that guy and we refinanced his house and paid off the IRS, which was really not rocket science. I don't know why they didn't know how to do that. But anyway, I helped him get out of that.


And then the guy goes, Hey, I want you to come over at our, one of our managers meetings and teach this stuff that you're teaching in that Sunday school class. This get outta debt, get on a budget stuff that you're teaching in that Sunday school class. I went, okay. He goes, we'll give you $250 to do that. You know, pay me to talk. Oh yeah, I'm in. And then we, well then he paid me $250 plus $500 in restaurant credit to go to the, another city to do one of their other managers meetings. And I'm like, oh, I, this is, this is so fun. And Sharon and I, and I started doing a little bit more of it and just kept, you know, I sat down, wrote a little book, and so started, nobody would buy it. And there was no internet, you know, there was no platform to launch something on.


And then I went on a broke radio station that was in bankruptcy and agreed to work for free. And they allowed us to come down and do this horrible talk radio show. It's like a Saturday Night Live skit. Two hillbillies, Darryl and his other brother Darryl ww TN were talking to Nashville. I mean, it was awful so bad. But the answers to the questions where people were in pain, the phone stayed lit up every day. And in a matter of months, we had one of the highest rated shows in the city, are you serious? And we were awful. But it was, it was anything to do with the broadcast quality, you know what I mean? To do with the ability to speak or enunciate or properly form a vowel.


You know, it had to do with we love people and we were just helping 'em, we were doing it for free. We were just doing it for fun. We weren't getting paid. It was just kind of, kind of a ministry, kind of a cool thing. And I'm go do a real estate deal and I get off the air feed my family and we told the guy to run the station, you know, if we're really bad, you can cut our pay in half because he wasn't paying us anything. And so, but it just, it took off. And then Gaylord bought it outta bankruptcy and it was a big FM station. It's a huge FM station here today in Nashville. And we were on there for 20 years. And that launched the whole thing. Then we started getting paid because the, we could sell ads 'cause of our ratings and we're getting paid for the ads.


And, and we could, you know, but it was all about just, again, helping people and just showing 'em these common sense things. And it turns out common sense, as Ben Franklin said, is not very common. So it was the, it was the, it was the company that bought them out of bankruptcy. That kind of, you turned it into a business. Well that's when we actually started making some money at it. And we didn't even know we had ratings because they didn't show up in the book because we were in bankruptcy. And so we didn't, we were illegal. 'cause we didn't even say the call letters.


You're supposed to say the call letters once an hour on radio FC, c guideline, you know? And so we're just talking and there were no commercials 'cause nobody wanted to buy on this station, you know? No, we thought three people were listening to 'em, were in our family, you know, but we, the phone was ringing, we knew that. And we, we said, we're gonna do a little seminar at the Ramada Inn and 600 people showed up, holy Shit. And I'm like, oh my God, there's people out there under this radio. What Time span are we talking here? Oh, you know, we were on the air for maybe a year. And then we just along and we said, and then they'd buy the thing and the they, the tower was broken.


They fixed the tower and it's a hundred thousand watt fm flame throw over. So it covered from Alabama to Kentucky, all of Middle Tennessee. It was. And all of a sudden, this thing's like a blow torch. And they started telling us, you gotta say the call letters. As a matter of fact, we're gonna change the phone number and make the phone number of the call letters. So we just started, we went from never saying the call letters to every 30 seconds saying them, which drives ratings because people would know the call letters to write down the ratings books. And so the thing went, it was there, it was what we call phantom cume, meaning it was there, but nobody knew it was there. And then we activated it with proper handling of the stupid radio and we didn't know what we're doing.


And they took us to three hours and the guy running the thing, he goes, I'm gonna put two of your three hours against Rush Limbaugh rushes on the other station. And I was like, are you trying to shoot us in the face? I mean, we're, you can't beat Rush Limbaugh. That's freaking Elvis. He invented rock and roll. I mean, you, there's no way. 'cause Rush was the man, I mean, he was king of the hill and we beat him. You beat him in Nashville. And that was the beginning. It gave us a story to tell with ratings. We didn't beat him anywhere else, hardly ever. And he became a friend later, but oh my gosh.


We were like, woo, you know, the king. And, and so we couldn't believe it. The ratings came in, went, this is wrong. And it is not wrong. We have a huge radio signal, it's fm, he's on am, we've got this other great lineup around you, Gordon g Gordon, Liddy, you remember that guy? He was on in the mornings before us. And so the thing blew up and then we, we were smart enough somehow to say, alright, we're gonna, we're gonna stay on your station, but you don't own, we don't wanna be employees. Don't pay us. You don't own the show. We own the show even though it's worth nothing. But because someday I wanna syndicate this thing someday I wanna put it on other radio stations and I'll take no money right now and I'll make my money selling books and doing seminars and doing some consulting work.


I can make my money doing that. And yeah, radio lost money for 10 years on our p and l. It didn't, we couldn't sell enough ads to cover our costs for radio. Well, we, we started syndicating it, meaning we got other people other, we went to Russellville, Kentucky and that guy put us on Oak Ridge, Tennessee, put us on Jackson, Tennessee, put us on, then Jackson, Mississippi put us on, and then Spokane, Washington, and then Seattle. And we just one at a time. Wow. And there's 640 stations now in the network today. Wow. It's the second largest talk radio network in America. Sean Hannity's, number one we're number two.


Wild. But it just, it was 30 years of, of scratching and clawing fighting and pushing and pulling and putting up with radio business. What, what did that develop into? Where did you go from radio? Well, as we're going in radio, you know, then the guy walks in my office, what, 10 or 15 years ago, the internet and broadband is starting to have market penetration. And he goes, we need a podcast. And I said, what, what's the Flips a podcast? And he goes, well, a couple people are doing 'em. And they're, they're, they're like charging like a subscription thing and you can make money on it and you put it behind the paywall. And I'm like, man, I don't think I wanna do that.


And he goes, oh man, we gotta try it. He goes, it's where it's gonna go. And I said, I got this huge talk radio thing, why would I wanna do that? And he goes, well just take the same exact show and let's just put it on the internet. I said, all right, but we're not gonna charge for it. Put an hour on there and let's see what it's doing. And, and we ran it that way and talk radio. People were freaking out about podcasts. They were afraid it was gonna put 'em outta business or Rush refused to do one. He didn't want to be disloyal to the radio business. And other people would put out a podcast, but they put it behind a paywall, meaning you had to pay for it. Now we just put it on there, helping up people. You don't have to worry about money. So we just put it on there, just put it out there, see what happens. And then XM radio before that, you know, XM and Sirius were two companies.


And we went up on both of those as soon as they came in. And then they combined and they couldn't figure out what, what to do with us since we were on both of 'em. And they ended up giving us a whole channel for a while on, on the, on the pair. I think we've got probably half a channel right now on there. And so we just jumped on anything and everything because we weren't in the radio business, we were in the helping people business. So we're platform agnostic. And so you could jump to anything. So then the podcast, we, I'll never forget, I was with Brian Mayfield was one of our, he was our top, he was our top sales guy. And he had been promoted to run all of our broadcast stuff. And we were in New York and we got off the plane, we're heading over to do a thing.


And Aaron, he goes, Hey, you know that podcast thing's kind working. And I'm like, what do you mean? He goes, I think we made a million dollars on it last year in Ad revenue. And I said, for an hour. And he goes, yeah, you can't run many ads on 'em. They're not like radio radio's full ads. You can put just a couple ads on there an hour. And I said, we made a million dollars. And he goes, yeah. I said, well why, why aren't we making 3 million and put all three hours on there? And he goes, we'll do that when we get home. So we put all three hours on there and then we u YouTube started popping up and people started putting stuff on YouTube. So we put it on there and then, you know, Spotify joins the scene and we jump on Spotify. So anybody comes along, we jump on all of it. And some of it is better than others.


And some of it's, you know, for a time one of 'em will shine and then it'll dim, you know, there was a time we thought SiriusXM was gonna own the world, and obviously they don't. And so we we're, we're just trying to help people and wherever they are, that's where we're gonna go. And that's worked out really good for us. I Mean, rewind it a little bit when, so you're doing the radio show, but this developed into books and coaching and in-person coaching and, and courses. And when did all that start happening? We started on the radio in June 25th, 1992. I kept doing real estate again because we were doing that for free.


We did a couple of little seminars here and there. And I wrote a little book and I started selling a couple of those. I mean, we sold maybe 10,000 of 'em or something. I couldn't get bookstores to take it. I couldn't get anybody to take it. I'd sell it on the radio. And then we had to, they had to mail me a check to a PO box and I had to cash the check and mail them the book. That's how hard it was. Talk about friction. Oh my God. It was ridiculous. And so that's how, but everything was analog. So that's the only option you had. And you couldn't get the bookstores to take it. 'cause I was a little self-published author and the little book was ugly and it worked. It was a good book. But, and so that, you know, I had that working. And, and at, at the end of the year of 93, I told Sharon, I said, I, I, I ran some numbers and I said, I think I think we could do between seminars and launching a class, which I hadn't launched at that point, and the sale of these books and some one-on-one coaching.


I think I can make $65,000 next year and quit doing real estate and go all in on financial peace. The book was called Financial Peace. The class was gonna be called Financial Peace. I think if we go all in that year, I made 130,000. And I said, I think if we take a pay cut in half, I think this is what God's telling us to do. We're doing God's stuff. We're helping God's people. God owns the company. He's running this. I think it's time to take this and do this. And and she said, man, I mean she was hurting. We were still bleeding out of every pour we were eating, but it was making 130 grand and 1993 is a lot of money.


But we talked about it and fretted over it and prayed over it. And then one morning she woke up and she said, I, I think God's saying you need to do this. I think you're supposed to do this. And I went game on and I stopped doing all real estate and Dove all in January one. And that year I made $61,000. I was pretty close on my estimate. And I don't make that anymore. That was the worst year I ever had. Damn, Damn.


When did, I mean the book that I read was Total Money Makeover. That was the second one. Yeah, that was the second one. It was actually the third one technically. But yeah, financial Peace, the book was the first one. It took off that year. And I, what I did was I kept, every time I got a call on the radio that the book didn't answer their question, I wrote it down. I, I kept a little log of it and okay, so I updated the little financial piece book and put in five more chapters that answered our most frequently asked questions. There was no such thing as F FAQs in those days. But you know, I just, okay, the book needs to be the answer to every question.


And so what what I would do is anytime anybody would call, go, okay, here's the answer to your question. Here's exactly what you need to go do, and I'm gonna mail you a book because it's gonna tell you exactly what I'm telling you right now. And I would give it to 'em on the air. But that gave me a mention on the book every day. And I sold 148,000 of'em that year when I, once I started doing that with a new cover on it, little green cover. And an agent called me and said, you need a publisher? And I'm like, no, I don't. You don't know the difference between margin and royalty. Do you margin big royalty little? And she's like, I don't need a publisher. I said, I need a publisher when it was in the trunk of my car and nobody would take the book. Now everybody takes the book and I'm cashing the checks.


And she goes, well I got a big company, a Viking Penguin wants to come down and visit with you and from New York. And I'm like, I, I'll always sit down and talk to somebody. I'm not mean about it, but if they think they're gonna buy this book, they need to bring a really big truck full of money because, and I'm gonna keep control of every bit of it. 'cause it's not my book. It's God's I'm supposed to manage it. Not some New York publisher. I'm in charge of this. And so I said, I don't think they got enough money to buy this book. And turns out they did. They did. And we did this very unusual contract where I control every aspect of the book. And, and they did a lot of stuff for me. I was not sophisticated enough to do at the time, I didn't understand.


And so I was still so primitive and green, but they got a world class publicist. And You know, I'm on the Today Show, I'm, and People Magazine, you know, all these other major national hits and to, to launch the book and relaunch the book in hardback now. And we sold 293,000 of 'em that month. And it hit the New York Times and all of a sudden think the whole world changes. And that book is now done 3.2 million total Wow. Since 19, including the ones I used to carry in the trunk of my car in 1992.


And so it's a long time then that, and it still in hard back and it still looks exactly the same 'cause I control all that. So, and I still get royalty checks from those fine people. They're sweet as they can be. And you know, and then we went on and did a had that was a two book deal, the other book didn't do that well. And then Total Money Makeover came from Thomas Nelson here in Nashville. Mike Hyatt was the CEO of that. And he comes over and he goes, you need to do another money book. It's been seven years. And I'm like, I don't really have anything else to say. Everything I said's in that book. It's what I say every day on the radio. Why do I do another, tell somebody like something new? And he goes, well, that book's what to do. This is how to do it. You need to do a book on the baby steps and show people tactically, you know how to do this.


And that book's done 14 million now. It's crazy. Wow. That's the biggest thing we've ever done. It's nuts. That's a damn good book. I hope everybody listen to this. Thank you. I mean, I'm, I I didn't wanna do it 'cause I thought it was insincere because I had this other, I'd already said all the law of the same stuff, but I didn't talk about how to do it. And so Total Money Makeover legitimately was how to do it. And obviously that was needed. What other, what other aspects of the businesses you start developing? You, you, you started with the coaching, went to radio, went to podcast books. Yeah, we just kept looking and going, okay, where is there a need?


Where's somebody speaking? We can get help with this material. And so a guy at a coach up here at the Catholic School, father Ryan here in Nashville, coach Carson dropped by the office one day and he goes, Hey, I just want y'all to know. I don't, I don't, I I feel like I ought to tell y'all I've been buying these financial peace books and I'm taking my high school seniors through it. I'm showing 'em how in my math class how to do this stuff. And he goes, I, I didn't want y'all to think I'm stealing something. I just want you to know we're doing it. And I went, you know, that's really cool because ever since I've had a single book, first thing people pick up a book off the table, they look at me and go, why isn't this taught high school?


We all value our freedom, privacy, and financial security, but cyber criminals don't. Hackers, scammers and thieves are trying to steal what is rightfully yours every day. I'm always looking for ways to protect my family and to keep their personal information secure, which can be tough in my line of work. This is why I trust Identity Guard With identity guard. You're not flying blind. They monitor your identity, credit and social security number in real time. So you get instant alerts before the damage is done. When you sign up, you get access to their USA based customer care team who is available to you 24 7. You also get up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, dark web monitoring bank and investment account protection and home and auto title fraud alerts. Listen to this offer from Identity Guard. Identity Guard is offering our listeners a 30 day free trial and 60% off when you go to identity guard.com/ss, that's 30 free days and 60% off@identityguard.com slash ss. That is less than what you're paying for that, that streaming service. You forgot to cancel this month. That's I-D-E-N-T-I-T-Y-G-U-A-R d.com/ss to sign up for a 30 day free trial and get 60% off certain terms apply. So be sure to check the site for details.


Why didn't I know this stuff before I was a broke 30-year-old? You know, why didn't somebody teach me this stuff? And I, it's, I I've heard that my whole career. And I went, okay, hey coach, why don't we work together and we'll kind of use, use the Guinea pig. Let's start developing actual curriculum for high school students out of it instead of you having to use an adult book for kids. And the kids don't have to know what some of that crap is. And so we filmed a little thing and put it on BHS and put it in his class and then we put it a couple other places and then we got thrown out of three or four places because I said Jesus in the video and they freaked out.


And so then I got to learn a whole new thing about law, which I didn't know the, the Supreme Court rulings on what can be taught in public school and what can't be taught and ended up in this big legal mess. And, but we fixed all that and we've got it to where we can, there actually side note, you can actually use scripture and talk about God in public school as long as it's instructive. Not, not, you're, you're, you're not trying to convert them. And so you can say, Jesus said, don't build a tower without first counting the cost. And you can say, Ben Franklin said save money. And you can say, mark Twain said this about, you know, whatever debt.


And you can, you know, it's instructive, but you can't say Jesus is the way, the truth and the life so you can't proselytize. And there's very clear stuff on that now. A lot of hot, a lot of public school administrators are cowards and they think anything that says Jesus should be thrown in the street. And so they haven't done it. But now we've gotten 6 million students through it and 48% of America's high schools have now taught that curriculum. And that was 25 years ago we started that. It's a massive business. Wow. And now we, I opened up a full econ curriculum to go with it because apparently we need to teach what capitalism is. I didn't know that was a problem, but we need to, so we're now doing that too.


So, and there's a lot of the Texas, Florida of the late latest two that have just passed mandatory personal finance class in high school. And guess what? We can help 'em with that. So yeah. And we've got a, then we had, okay, we, the financial peace class ended up going through 50,000 churches and about 10 million people went through it. And we said, okay, let's take that class, which is a very religious class. It's all about what God says about money. And it was taught in church and very in your face, not, not subtle at all. And corporate America didn't want that much in your face, which is understandable.


But they wanted to teach their team that because your team, if your team's worried about their money, they're not thinking about work while they're at work, their productivity goes down. So we ended up, you know, reconfiguring all that in a much more palatable way called Smart Dollar. And now U-Haul and Costco and many, many other companies teach that, buy it from us as a curriculum and HR benefit to the team. They can go through the class. And so we just keep doing stuff like that. Something pops up and we launched a, a budgeting app, gosh, almost 10 years ago now. And iterated every day almost. It updated, updated, updated. And it's freaking incredible.


Every dollar. And I think we've got 56 million downloads now on that or something. Holy cow. It's just, it's just, but you know, again, none of it's easy. You just stumble backward into it, look confused and stumble forward and, but we just keep pushing and keep pushing and keep pushing. But yeah, you just monetize the connectivity and the service that you're providing and, and sometimes you do stuff just because you need to help people and you don't make any money on it. And that's okay too. Did you ever, I mean I know that, you know, back at the beginning you said that the, the money kind of came to you. People just came to you and offered you $250 to go speak to their, to them and and their employees.


But I mean, when did you, when did it have to start kind of transitioning from, from hey, people coming to DU to somewhat of a sell and did you find that? Well, I mean like if we're is difficult we're, we have a sales team that sells the curriculum to high schools. Yeah. We have a sales team that sells the smart dollar to corporate America. Okay. So we're going after, they're not calling, they're not lining up around the block. We gotta go get 'em. Yeah. We gotta tell 'em where they're there. A lot of times they don't even know we're there. And so you have to go through the whole process of being approved as a curriculum before the school board at the state level. And then the local county can decide whether they wanna buy it or not. And so you gotta go and then some character will stand up and go, you can't have Dave Ramsey here 'cause he likes Jesus and we don't have Jesus anywhere and all this stuff.


I'm like, Hey dude, you need to actually read the curriculum. You're kind of sound foolish. 'cause it's really not a preaching curriculum son. It's just to teach little kids not how to get into debt. And you probably wished your kid had learned it. So you probably ought to for you just start being left wing bark. But anyway, we just work our way through that stuff. And yeah, there we have to be proactive in sales. And when we were doing the church thing, we had 38 people calling churches all day long and, you know, putting the pastor through the thing for free. And so he would see what it is. 'cause pastors aren't comfortable usually talking about money. 'cause they don't wanna be like one of those churches that talks about money all the time. And so they're, they're, they end up going too far the other way and never talking about what the Bible says about money, which is also a disservice to their congregants.


'cause you're, you know, if you're pastoring, you ought to teach people what God says about marriage, what God says about money, what God says about leadership, what God says about, that's your job as a pastor. And so, you know, what does God say about money? I mean, there's 2,500 scriptures dealing with money in possessions. Some of it's very nuanced and almost funny. And I mean the four or five main things that you think about is debt. You know, borrow a slave for the lender. There's not a debt is not a sin in the Bible. Not even close. And it, and, but 100% of the scriptural references to debt are negative.


And so it's your heavenly Father who loves you, who's crazy about you saying son is dumb. That's what it amounts to. And there's a lot of scripture about planning and budgeting, you know, and mind to man plans his ways. But the Lord directs his steps. And I already quoted the one from Jesus. Don't build a tower. You know, don't build a build, you're building a house. Don't do that without a blueprint. You know, and don't, don't handle your money without a detailed thing on where the freaking money's going. And so have a plan. Get outta debt. The house of the wise or stores of choice food and oil wise people save money. Saving, investing. Ecclesiastes says, spread your portions to seven, yes to eight for disaster may come upon the land, diversifications in the Bible.


Don't put it all in one place. Foolish man of our all. He has, If you spend everything you make, you're a fool. God said that, not me. And so, you know, there's scriptures like that. It sound like grandpa, it sound like grandma, it's common sense. You know, there's nothing in here that's like woo. You know, you're right. I mean there's just, it's just like no kidding dummy. And, but I didn't know any of it and I didn't, I thought you just borrow all you can. That's what I thought. And I did. And I, and it cost me. And so, and people don't, people don't know. And one of my, one of the funny ones is almost nuanced is Proverbs 1718 says, one lacking in sense co-signs for another co-signing a loan, you're lacking in sense.


The contemporary English version, the CEV says, If you co-sign for someone else, you're an idiot. That's what that version says. And so, you know, but, and guess what? I've cosigned some loans and a hundred percent of the time they turned out bad back in the day. You know, and when I was going broke, my old boy stepped in and tried to help me and co-signed for me. And it cost him, I had to go back and pay him later. And his wife still don't talk to me. It costs you a hundred percent. You know, you co-sign a loan for your little boy and then your little boy is an idiot and runs a car in a ditch with no insurance. Now you're stuck with a $30,000 bill. 'cause you were trying to do a nice thing for someone and you did it a dumb way.


That's co-signing that's in the Bible. Who knew? You know. Interesting. How, how are you at the, how are you at the work life balance? I mean, you have a, you have a, a business empire, your husband, your father, are you a grandfather too? Oh, eight kids. Eight grandkids. Yeah, Eight grandkids. And so how, I mean, how do you balance it all? Are, are you able to switch it off? Oh Yeah. You are. Yeah. How do you switch it off? Well, full disclosure, let's go back to launching the thing. When we opened that first little office at $61,000, right. My wife grew up in a hardworking farm family in east Tennessee.


Her daddy owned a market. And when you own a market, a convenience store, you work, You come home at 11 o'clock at night you work. And on Thanksgiving, we waited Thanksgiving dinner on her daddy until he could get the store closed at noon. 'cause he opened for breakfast, they sold biscuits and he opened for breakfast and he closed at noon on Thanksgiving, came home that, but Thanksgiving and Christmas, the only time he closed, he was there all the time. So that's family she grew up in. So she's not gonna whine. Yeah, she's quite the opposite. She's kicking my butt out, go get some work done, you know, what are you doing sitting here? And so we're hungry, you need to go do something.


And so, but the first two years were maybe two and a half years from the time we opened that second office under Lampo and we start teaching financial piece with an overhead projector in a bad suit. And I'm teaching it at night. Every night I'm doing the radio show every day in the afternoon. And I'm in the office in the morning doing counseling. And so I get up, go to the office at seven 30, I get home 11 o'clock at night for two years. So I didn't have work life balance then, but it was agreed upon that. That's what it took to get the ball mo moving. Yeah. And it was not gonna be forever. We've got to figure this out. We gotta staff it, we gotta change the business model.


We gotta do something to get it where we can. But it takes oomph to get the thing over the hill. Once you get it rolling, then you can start to back off a little bit. So from then on I start learning and I'm, again, I'm a young guy at that point trying to heal emotionally and financially and spiritually from this horrible event we've been through. So I'm still, you know, this guy Right. Still freaking out and, but We quickly figured out that work life balance, is it, it it is not a true thing.


Yeah. What you need to do is, wherever you are, you need to be a hundred percent there. And so what happens is people that say they want work life balance, they go home at five o'clock in the afternoon, which is fine, but then they turn on Netflix or they open up your stupid computer and they're looking at their Instagram account, they're not interacting with their family. And so they're, they're, or they're doing work emails once they get home and they call that work life. That's not work life balance. Work life balance is when you get home game on, I'm looking at this little three year old's eyes. Yeah. I'm in the floor playing and rolling around. You know, my wife and I are actually having a conversation without a phone laying there, You know, and so that's, you know, be where you is is a big deal.


Yeah. And, and so, you know, that's the first thing we did. The second thing we did was, as the kids start, as we start going along, then we said, okay, I'm gonna work my butt off. And I might go on like a total money makeover book tour was 42 days. I was gone. I was like a, some kind of musician or something living out of a bus. And, but we knew that going in and we said, okay, at the end of 42 days we're taking everybody to Disney. But, but there's gonna be a period of time here. Dad's, you're all's you little people's part is, don't drive your mom crazy, because there's gonna be a time that we're all gonna be right together. And there's on and then on. And when we're at Disney, we weren't worrying about the book. Gotcha. You know, and so we're there. So then the next thing we did was we said, okay, no birthdays and no proms and no hockey ice hockey championships.


They're on the calendar first. No events during those days. So we did a lot of live events in those days. We traveled a lot doing events. But if I'm gonna be doing a live event, I may do six or seven in a spring or something like that. I'm getting ready to do a six city tour right now, but they're none of them over my daughter's prom date. 'cause I need to be standing there when that young guy comes in. So he, he understands I'll be cleaning my gun when he gets home. And so, you know, nine o'clock i, I am not kidding you. And you know, so he needs to know and, and my daughter, you know, we're gonna be there and I'm gonna be there for that picture and I'm gonna be there for that thing. And, and so I didn't miss those things, but I didn't make every hockey game. Yeah. And I didn't make my daughter's rich cheerleaders.


I didn't make everything. But we were there a lot. And we, but we put it on the calendar and we said, okay, that's, and when we're there, we're not sitting and doing emails on our phone in the stands while they're doing it. We're watching the freaking game. And, you know, we're, I coached Daniel in hockey for a while and my son. And so, you know, we put it on the calendar. And then lastly, we went to a marriage conference and I picked a Christian marriage guy teaching. It was really good. And I picked this up from him. He said, you ha if you're gonna turn it off when you get home, it's a, it's an intentional act to turn it off.


It doesn't happen automatically. He said two things. One is when you and I started doing this, I would turn into the street, the, the where our house is, the cul-de-sac where our house was. And I would stop at the bottom and I would play two praise and worship songs switch. And he said, the other thing is, you don't use the same tools on your family, the same weapons on your family you've been using to fight the wars all day long. He said, when that pioneer comes in from hunting all day, he takes a musket, he puts it over the mantle and he turns around and there are no bears in the room to kill.


These are children. There are no things to be done here. And this is my wife. And so I have to put my sword above the mantle. I have to put my musket above the man. I gotta quit using the same mental gymnastics and processes because it's a different skill set. Yeah. To, to run a business or win in business or to, You know, the rough and tumble of what you and I do every day. That you, you don't use that on a three yearold. Yeah. And so I had those three things helped me a lot. Yeah. You know, I'm a, I'm, I'm, that wasn't a general question I'm asking for myself. 'cause I, I struggle with that and I've, You know, I I I think I'm through the 16, 18 hour days of lifting this thing up and, and you know, I mentioned I'd, I'd hired a COO and we had a producer now.


And, and You know, the team that we have is, is amazing. But, Well I started getting enough people on the team that were better at stuff than I was that I went, I don't really need to be doing that. I suck at it. He's good at it. Let him do it. And, you know, I could delegate, in other words 'cause I had high quality humans working on the team. That helped a lot. And then occasionally Sharon would go, you're not the Messiah. That's Jesus' job. You can not be somewhere and people will survive. I think that, you know, for me it's, it's not just, it's not just the worry of not being here. And I know these guys can run this without me. It's, it's, I fucking love what I do.


Oh, me too. Like I love this and it's it, and I also love my family and it's, but I'm just always, I'm all my mind is just going a thousand miles an hour all the time. And I, it's really hard for me to shut it off. I mean, new ideas are popping in my head. New business verticals are popping in my head. New guests are popping in my head and, and, and, and just engineering the engineering the business to, to grow and to grow and to grow. And I find it. And obviously it's working. Really, It is working. And I I just find it really hard to, to make that mental switch, you know, where you go home and, and you are a hundred percent present with, with your wife and kids.


Yeah. And so, Well I mean it's a, it's personal list. Nothing's perfect. I've gotten emails when I'm on vacation. I mean that happens. There's, none of this is pure, but it's just in a series of intentional acts and you know, my dad used to say 90% of solving of problems realizing there is one. And so just the idea of go, okay, if I turn can just turn off a whole lot of it, but not all of it at night. And you know, the inverse is true too, by the way. You can't be constantly worrying about every little diaper needs to be changed while you're down here trying to get your work done. Yeah. And you know, I had one old boy working for me. His wife called him 52 days, 52 times in one morning. Oof. And I'm like, man, I'm like, there a receptionist came in and she goes, this is nuts.


And all I'm doing is answer the phone for this guy. And I said, what is going, I went, I sat down at his desk. I said, man, she called you 50 times. He goes, yeah. I said, you probably oughta just go home. It'd be easier. Take the day off. Go figure it out. And he goes, I don't want to. That's, I bet. But yeah, that's the other side of it. Right? You gotta be able to leave your home at home. Yeah. And truthfully, you've got the kind of wife that I do to where, you know, I'm not getting, even when the kids were little, I've never gotten stuff dumped in my lap from family problems in the middle of the day. She's not a high maintenance woman. Quite the opposite. My wife did not say, wait till your father gets home. She took care of it. I can just tell you.


So, and that's one of the reasons we were able to grow and do things. 'cause I was able to concentrate and I didn't have a wife that called me 52 times in the morning. It wasn't needy. You know, that kind of stuff. Yeah. It's, my wife's very much on board with this. It's, it's, it's, but the, the one thing she says to me is, you know, Sean, you you need to be present when you're here. Yeah. You cannot be at work. Yeah. And she's right. And making that mental switch has been, it's been tough. I'm still working on it. But yeah, it's not hard. It's just worth it. So how many, so you grew from doing this out of a church.


How many employees does Ramsey Solutions have now? Just under 1100. Wow. 1100 employees. And your, your facilities. It's incredible. Yeah. And we've got a great campus. I'm real proud of it. God, God has blessed us beyond our wildest imaginations. I crazy outta control. Let's talk about culture. So I know culture is extremely important to you and your business as is to me. I I'm building out our culture. I I've been building it since the beginning. And I, and you know, I, I want, I just want everybody to be proud of where they work, enjoy coming to work, not going home and going, oh shit.


You know, everybody complains about their work, almost everybody. And so I'm really curious and to, to hear how you built the culture of Ramsey. I never hear anybody, when we do a hire, we get a lot of people from different networks around the area that apply that that can't stand where their work. We've never had one person apply for Ramsey. Oh, Why? 'cause they love what they're doing there. Right. And they believe in, in what you're doing. And, and so I'm just curious to, to hear how you built the culture and, and how you keep your employees so proud of, of what they're doing. I've only seen a couple of places like this and, Well, I I, number one, it's not perfect.


We need to say that out loud. But again, much like the other discussion we were just having, it's a matter of being very, very intentional about it. The first thing I think that I remember is we got to about, I think we were 60 something people. And I hired a, an HR director, which I didn't want. That felt like corporate crap. You know, I didn't want, I didn't wanna do that. Right. It sounded like, and one of the first things I told him is, you're not hiring anybody, every manager, the leaders are gonna hire their own people. That's not your job. But your job is just to help us understand some of this HR stuff. And 'cause HR has in corporate America has way too much power. Far I'm concerned. I I don't want him to have the power.


I want him to just help us get the work done. And so the guy's name was Rick Perry, he was brilliant. And he retired from Ramsey not long ago. He worked there for many, for decades. And I, we would have something blow up and we some kind of a problem with the team or with whatever. And the way I've always done everything is we just, the leadership team makes the decisions in, in a collaborative style. We just all get in a room and we argue about it and we figure it out. I don't walk in and go da da da.


I have the answer. I, 'cause I don't a lot of times or I may and, but I don't go. I'm the, I'm the guy that owns it. You have to do what I say. It's, it's not because I'm afraid to tell somebody what to do. If they need to do it, I'll tell 'em. But it's very much a, a thing. And I told you, I did a a, an exercise with a ministry thing with Seal team six one time. And you and I talked about that offline one time. And I just loved watching those guys get together at the end and debrief. And I'm, they, I asked if I could stand, you know, just got in a circle. There was one squad or whatever. And I asked if I could stand there with him.


And the guy, the, you know, the guy said, sure. And I don't, don't say anything. Just listen. I, I wasn't planning on, I don't have anything to say, but I, I didn't know who was the senior officer by body language or by input or by criticism. They all took down problems. They were very blunt, very clear, very kind. But you couldn't tell who was the leader. It was very democratic, so to speak. When I watched them debrief that mission or that exercise we had done and what went right, what went wrong, all that kind of stuff. Right. And to learn from doing the exercises, I guess is the point. So that's kinda what we do. But I didn't know that that was a common thing.


I just did it. And so everybody's more than welcome to argue with me. As a matter of fact, it's preferable If you argue with me. 'cause If you don't have anything to add, why are you here? And so let's get in a room, let's do the same thing. Let's debrief this thing. So we would debrief it and Rick would sit in there 'cause he's the HR director. And we would go, okay, we got it here. We'd drive it, take it to ground. Here's what the answer is. Here's what we're gonna go do. And then Rick would say, whoa, whoa. Lemme make sure, because I'm gonna write it down what the value was. What was the value system, the, the core value that drove this decision. What, why did you all come to this decision? 'cause all of you seem to, you went around and around and around and boom, you landed on it.


Why did you do that? And he write it down and he goes, okay, that's a core value. I don't even know what a core value is, but okay, sure. And we get up and going our way. And he started collecting those. And he wrote down like 16 or 18 things. He said, this is how Ramsey makes decisions. This is who we are. It's not who we wish we were. It's who we are. It's not aspirational. It's this is it. This is the, the way we decide to do stuff. And the stuff he wrote down, I mean, it was accurate, but it was horribly worded. And so we got in a room after a few years of looking at that stuff and went, yeah, that is how we make decisions. And this is a training tool we can show everyone in the organization. This is how we make decisions. These are our core values. And If you get these core values, then you will know what to do.


If we're not there, you will know that if I'm in Scotland, you can send a jab for the guy, his kid, you know, you, you, you will know. That's what Ramsey would do. You can finish my sentences because these are the core values that cause my sentences to come outta my mouth. And this is what Dave would do. What would Dave do? What would we do? What would Ramsey do? What would God want us to do in this situation? Write it down. And, and so we, some of them were a little bit redundant. So we ended up with 15 and later, 14. And we put a little better titles to 'em and a little better stuff. And then we used those to say, this is who we are. And we reinforced those. I taught one of them for 30 minutes in staff meeting to all 1100 people yesterday.


I do that. We do it over and over and this is who we is. This is who we is. You wanna be a we. This is it. If you're not this, you're not one of us. This is who we is. This is who we is. This is who we is. And the one I taught yesterday was marketplace service. If you help enough people, you don't have to worry about money. And so your job is to blow the customer's freaking mind. If you help enough people go make sure they get help, they called you. They came in contact with us. God sent them to us because they were hurting or they had an opportunity. And we need to give them hope in that area with a biblical common sense answer. Your job, no matter what you do here, is to blow their mind. If you're shipping a book, if you're writing a line of code, if you're in HR and you're recruiting, your job is not like crazy in the building.


Your job is to put people in the seat that are gonna be crusaders. Because our job is to help people 'cause and we won't have to worry about money. And we haven't had to worry about money. So that's one. You know, another one is we don't, You know, gossip, no gossip. You hand your negatives up and you're gonna have negatives. There's 1100 opportunities in the building for you to be pissed off. So you're gonna have problems. Human beings are in this building. You're not gonna like one of 'em. Something's gonna happen. It's gonna hurt your little freaking feelings or you're gonna get frustrated with leadership or you're gonna have this welcome to life. Hand your negatives up. You can have your negatives. Don't be belligerent. But you can come into any leader's office and sit down and go, I don't understand. I'm really frustrated.


Help me. You can do that anytime. You cannot do that at the watercolor water cooler with a coworker and go, leadership's a bunch of idiots. 'cause that's disloyal and I will fire your butt. I have no tolerance for that crap. If you're gonna do that, you need to do it in a Facebook group. After you quit, leave me alone. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna give you money to run me down. Henry Cloud says, I don't understand why people peeing their own cereal and then gripe. 'cause it tastes bad. Don't shit in your own backyard. Exactly. And people do it all day long at jobs. All they do is sit around and talk about how stupid the place they work is. And these are the people that give them money to feed their family. You ought to be ashamed of yourself if the people you work for are stupid and you stay, what's that make you stupid?


So hit the road, don't let the door hit you in the butt. And we have this talk all the time, and about once a year we gotta fire somebody. But most of the time there's no gossip because we don't do that. And if someone starts to say something, they go, wait a minute. We don't do that. And you don't have to have even a leader. It could be somebody that joined the company three weeks ago and they go, Hey, wait a minute. They told me in onboarding, we don't do that. If you got a problem, you probably ought to take it, the leader. 'cause I can't help you with that. If you're sharing negatives with somebody who can't help you fix it, that by definition is a bunch of crap. And we don't do that. That's one of the 14. And it's weird. It's very weird. Very strange.


But it's very clean. The air's clean in the place. There's no bad smells. Everybody holds each other accountable. Yeah. We just love, because everybody wants to work in a place where you're, you don't have to watch your back. Somebody's not knifing you in the freak from behind. Yeah. In most places, you know, you're, you're trying to get your work done while looking over your shoulder. And that's just counterproductive, you know? And so stuff like that, we just kept doing that and it's just reinforcing, reinforce. And you, You know, I was having lunch with my son who's our president yesterday, and he was telling me about a thing that's going on. I said, yeah, You know what that guy says that we, we all talk about it. And he, I said, yeah. He goes, yeah, I know what you're gonna say. And I said, good, what am I gonna say? He goes, we get what we tolerate. And I said, okay then don't freak.


You're gonna let that go on. You know, you don't sit here and tell me how frustrated you're about fixing. You know, you, you get what you tolerate. And so I can be kind, be clear and be gentle, but sometimes your job is that you don't get to work here anymore because you're not a we and you, you're more concerned about your little toxic problem or whatever it is you've got than actually being a part of this team and getting work done and helping the people that aren't here. This organization's been blessed and we are blessed to be a blessing like Abraham. That means that we exist for the people that are not inside the walls of that campus at Ramsey. We exist for the people outside those walls. And If you don't be centered on them, you're not one of us. And we just talk about that with that kind of, ah, in the voice, you know, all the time.


And we have for 30 freaking years. And so people choose, they run outta steam. They choose, they start to think we're incompetent. And that happens all the time. And they leave, they quit. They go do something else. That's okay, that's fine. Just, You know, if your spirit leaves for God's sakes, take your body with it. You know? And that, that's our stuff we talk about until everybody's sick of hearing it. But then it sticks. You know, it's, it's interesting too that you, I mean, you, you've always done it, but you picked that up when you, when you did the exercise with Seal Team six is, you know, I wasn't at six, but that is, that is the culture of the seal teams. Yeah. Is everybody's vested.


Everybody has ideas, everybody has Teams. Everybody dies If you don't. Yeah. And so, I mean, nobody dies at Ramsey. That's serious. You Know? Yeah. And so, you know, that's, that's something that I brought here is I I I love to hear ideas. I love to hear the, to flush it all out. We call it a hot wash. Yeah. And, and, and I lo and I love to hear critiques. I don't want, I don't want Yes. Men that are just gonna like Yes, yes, yes, yes. We, we flush everything out, all the positives, all the negatives. And so it's just, thank you for sharing that. It's, it's reassuring to hear that, that, But then sometimes folks that you thought were gonna be with you a long time, their brain goes and leaves and then you gotta sit down and have a hard conversation and go, you know, that's not, can't be here.


Yeah. And you know, I've had some of my best friends that work there 'cause they've been with me for 20 years. I mean, these are band of brothers, band of sisters. We fight together, we take on freaking covid idiots and we take on all this other crap that we all have to deal with out here in the marketplace and all the haters. And you take on all the, whatever the negative press or, 'cause somebody's always got something to say, you know, and you take on all that stuff together and you fight and then you win and then you fight, and then you go to the Super Bowl and you lose in the last play. But you almost got there. And then you, you know, and you do that for a long, long time. And then After 20 years they decide that they're not gonna be there or that they don't wanna participate in this culture anymore.


And it's really painful. But you can't, they can't stay because I'm not quitting. So we're gonna keep doing it this way. And so somebody's got to leave. Yeah. And it's not gonna be me. So that's not how this works. So, and, and it's, but man, we just have to have those difficult conversations we call them. And they're a regular part of the rhythm too. You can't, John Maxwell says you can't sanction incompetence because If you sanction someone not doing their job, now if they got cancer, that's different. Right? But I mean, you, you don't sanction someone that's just a half butt because all the other studs are looking at the half, but going, wait a minute.


Yeah, that's okay. No, that ain't okay. Now you can give somebody some grace if they're going through a personal thing or you know, lots of grace. But I'm talking about just in general, we're playing to win the Super Bowl, you better about, you better take your block and hit it. Yeah. Well Dave, let's take a quick break. Alright? And when we come back, we'll get, we'll dive into your new book. Okay.


Rates have dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of us are struggling to keep up with everyday bills and you are reaching for the credit cards to pay for all of it. But homeowners listen up, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is, there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And if you're carrying a balance every month, you're stuck in an endless cycle. Break free today, call American Financing and see how much you can save. And If you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. Or go to American financing.net/ss.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And If you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared. And I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency, down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Prepare with sean.com.


All right, Dave, we're back from the break and man, I got so excited to talk to you that I forgot to give you your gift here. Oh, everybody gets a gift. Alright. Gummies. The same gift. Love Your gummies, man. Vigilance league, gummy bears, legal and all. I don't think I got anything left from the last time we met, so this is perfect. I'll refill my stash, We'll send you a whole bunch, but Love it. Thank you. Yeah, You're welcome. You're welcome. But you know, I did have, before we do dive into your book, I just had a couple of questions, just random questions. One is about generation Z and you know, I'm sure you hear it a lot more than I do, but a lot of grumblings on, it's tough to buy a house now.


Interest rates are high. What advice do you have for Gen Zers? It, it, a lot of them seem, how do I say this? A lot of them seem to think that it's impossible to be able to afford a home and to, to get ahead financially in, in today's economy. You know, I, I'm actually in love with Gen Z, it's one of my favorite generations. We've got about 450 of 'em on our team. Wow. And they are, they, they do share one characteristics with the millennials.


They're, they're very bifurcated, meaning they're either awesome or they suck. There's no middle ground, none. They're not posers. Gen Z's really not posers. They're really not. They don't do facade. They've grown up with a magic wand in their hand that they can push a button and stuff happens. They've grown up being able to answer any question instantly. They've grown up with influencers that aren't real, that, that haven't earned the right to influence. And so they're very careful. They're wise beyond their years in that sense.


And so what we end up with is the ones we end up talking to in the money space. I'm talking to ridiculous 22 year olds that are calling in that have, this guy called me the other day, he's getting $150,000 saved and he's 22 years old. I'm like, father the freak, did you do that? Man, I didn't have, I couldn't do that. I was 22, I borrowed it, but I couldn't do it. This is imp they're very impressive, very serious minded. And then there's another group that's entitled and victim based and they're like, capitalism has failed me. You know? Oh, bull crap. But you know, there's kind of been that in every generation there's always a group of entitled whiners and there's victims and there's always the ones that are victors and there's always a percentage of each.


So, but anyway, the overall answer is that I give to folks in that are struggling with the ability to afford life or to afford to buy a home. Those kinds of things is the, you, you're making the mistake of thinking that because something today is your situation, that it's going to be your situation tomorrow. Life is not a still shot, it's not a single frame. It's a film strip. And a hundred percent chance the next frame's gonna be different than the last frame and the next frame. And you're, you're gonna go through this thing because if I, you know, when I went bankrupt and I was in my twenties, if I had said, okay, that's the definition of Dave, I, now that is my identity, I'm an idiot.


You know, I would've been still sitting there, right? And instead I go, okay, no wait, that's just where I'm today. That doesn't necessarily define tomorrow. And, and so maybe today you can't afford a house with current interest rates and your salary, your income, that does not mean that's the case Tomorrow. Interest rates will change, house prices will go up, and hopefully your income will go up and maybe you need to adjust where you live. Because when I started the radio show 33 years ago, there was a large number of people that could not afford to live in downtown Manhattan and New York City, 33 years later, there's a large number of people that can't afford to live in downtown Manhattan.


Some of the most expensive real estate in the world. You can't live in Silicon Valley and make minimum wage today. You couldn't 20 years ago. You can't live in San Diego and buy a home, which would be double the national median average on homes. If you live there making entry level and you throw boxes at Costco, you can't do it mathematically by the way. You've never been able to do it. So you're gonna choose to live somewhere else or do something different. And when you make those choices, the frames change and you're gonna be okay. But you have to say, instead of, I'm gonna sit here and whine and I'm gonna be a victim of the circumstances, I'm instead I'm gonna control the controllables, which is what I make, where I live and what am I doing to better myself so that I make more and choose to live in a place that I can buy a house.


I had a couple on my radio show do a debt free scream. Yesterday they paid off their home at 37 years old. He is a middle school math teacher and she is a stay at home mom. How in the world do they do that? They live in a town that is in the middle of nowhere in Kansas. It's outside of Wichita, which means there's nothing there but groundhogs. Right. Prairie dogs, right. Sounds like where I grew up. But, and they're, I said, what's your home worth? $125,000. And they paid off their home, but he's a middle school math teacher, makes $65,000 a year. His wife stays at home with the kids.


And they've chosen to live in that location for whatever reason. They may have started there. I don't know how long they were there. I didn't get the full history and bio on the family, but they did a debt free scream. They're 37 years old and have a paid off house. But they, they're not sitting in the middle of San Diego going, oh, I make 65,000 as a middle school math teacher and middle school math teachers are underpaid. So I can't buy a house. No, you doofus. You're sitting in the wrong place with the wrong number of wrong set of numbers. You've gotta change something here. And, and when you change, then you'll go onto the next frame and you'll be just fine. So make more move. Both wait on interest rates to come down, save some money, pile up some money, get ready for the market to slow down, pick up whatever the market's gonna do.


A hundred percent chance that it's gonna be different five years from today. What do you think about crypto? I mean, I've, I've heard you speak on crypto, you hate it. I don't know if that's changed at all. I mean, I believe the Trump administration just put some into the, what is it? The, the reserve Bitcoin Carano Ethereum. And is it XRP? Yep. And You know, I'm, I'm just curious, you know, that the space just seems to be getting bigger and bigger and evolving and more people are taking it seriously. I was just curious. I think it's gonna continue to get bigger and I think it's gonna continue to get better and it's gonna continue to stabilize.


I mean it was a volatile wild, wild west crap show for a long time. And it kind of still is really, but it's not nearly as bad as it was what, when we first started talking about the subject. So I think it's getting better, it's getting more sophisticated. It's probably therefore getting safer. But here, even when it stabilizes and becomes more normalized so to speak, and, and it is got a little track record to it and you can look back and go, okay, the last 15 years, here's what it's done, not the last 15 days. Then you still gotta say, okay, what do I want to invest in? And what happens with people with gold or crypto or a lot of other things, it is, they confuse the concepts of speculating versus investing.


And that's why I've come out so hard on crypto because I have people calling and saying, I'm not doing investing, I'm doing cri, I'm investing in crypto. Which is an oxymoron. You can't, the only thing you could do in crypto is to speculate. The only thing you can do in gold is to speculate. Speculating is a short-term play because If you look at a long-term play on something that doesn't have a track record crypto, you can't look at a long-term play. You're, you're, you're really, you know, gambling is here. Speculating is, I'm, I'm, I'm putting some money in playing with this. I think I might make some money, but I'm really not thinking 40 years.


I'm not thinking 25 years. I'm not thinking I wanna retire from this. But this is speculating. Even if you're bu a home builder and you build a home that doesn't have a buyer, they call it a spec home. They're speculating. It's a short term play. They didn't build a rental property. They're gonna keep for 25 years. They built a piece of inventory that they wanna turn right now into money. So speculating is short term, investing is over here is long term. They're not the same thing. If you want to speculate, which would not be your, you're not betting the farm, you're not betting your quality of life, you're not betting your wealth building portfolio on it. You know, I've got friends that are worth a hundred million dollars and they've got, you know, they put a million dollars in crypto, but if they burned a million dollars in the middle of their kitchen floor, they won't miss it.


Ratio wise. That's speculating. And that's a proper view of that. If you wanna do that, I'm not gonna yell at you about it, but the reason I've come down so hard on it in the public eye is because I got people not putting money in their 401k in good mutual funds. They're not buying a house. Instead they're putting a hundred percent of everything they have in the middle of the roulette wheel. And that's stupid. You know, that's just ridiculous. You wouldn't do that with anything that doesn't have any long wonderful track record. And, and so, and generally where you wanna be with investments, what Buffett talks about is true. I want an investment that is creating aid wealth not changing in price.


There's a difference. So when Home Depot stock goes up or Apple stock goes up, it's because they made a profit. It's because they put products in the marketplace. There was wealth created. When crypto goes up or gold goes up, it's just 'cause somebody else wanted it more. It is not creating anything. It's a, it's what's called a commodity. And, and so you speculate on commodities. If you wanted to buy futures in corn or If you remember the old movie with Eddie Murphy trading Places, right. You know, frozen orange juice futures or something stupid. But that, that was, or it's kind of funny, but You know, If you wanna play the this, You know, If you wanna day trade in stocks that's speculating you, you're, you, it's a short term play and it's, it's just right over here next to gambling.


It's not what you would do for your long term. And so it should be money that you could set fire to Okay. And you'd be okay with it. If you do that, then we can talk about, okay, how does Bitcoin work? What is bit, what is the actual chain? How's the whole thing? Yeah, sure. I get all that. That's not the issue. The issue is I talk to 26 years old, 26 year olds who go, I've invested everything I have in Bitcoin and it's 200 or it's 50,000 bucks and I don't have anything else but that. Well why didn't you go to Vegas? Same dead gum deal, man. I mean you, You know, if you're pretty good at Texas hold them, you probably got as good a shot as you do at Bitcoin. So you know, it is gonna be okay. But I mean any, If you chart Bitcoin and you don't see risk, you're dumb.


'cause it's all over the freaking world. And that tells you it's a highly volatile short term play and you're, you're trying to, trying to ride this thing out. It's got a cool factor to it. 'cause it's technology and everybody wants, it's a fad and everybody wants to be in on it and all that kind of stuff. And the funny thing is, in my world I get so much hate because these guys, they, they, it's like a cult. It's like If you don't do, If you don't believe in it, you're going to hell. You know, you know what I'm saying? They're like, Ramsey's Ramsey's completely invalidated everything he's ever said because he doesn't believe in this. And I'm so emotionally and psychologically sold out on this one particular thing. And it's like George Campbell, one of our guys says it's like Mary Kay for young men, But you know, I don't care If you wanna do it, but just be able to burn the amount of money you put in there in the middle of your kitchen table and not miss it.


Makes sense. Back to Gen Z, I mean, what you got 400 and something Gen Z'ers working for you? Yeah, half over half our team is in their twenties. Very, Very innovative. Yes. Generation passion, very innovated. We're talking about culture earlier. I mean, they'll charge the gates of hell with a water pistol, man. They're passionate, they're missional. And you give 'em a mission, you give 'em something work that matters and we're helping people and they get enthused about it. It's, they, they're crusaders, they're wonderful for Ramsey. What do you, what are some things that they, you think they could work on? I'll, I'll tell you a frustration I have is, is our social media department. It's always, you have to have a Gen Z or running your social media.


In my opinion, you shouldn't have anybody over under over 30 years old doing that. Yeah. I don't think we do. I think all of 'em are in their maybe early thirties. But yeah, We contract some stuff out. And time and time again, you know, we, we, I think Gen Z is very entrepreneurial mindset as well. Yes. It seems to be. And Because they've lost faith in the traditional systems. They're cynical about traditional systems and some way, sometimes in a toxic way, sometimes in a good healthy way, suspect of the man, you know? Yeah. Almost like old hippies or something, you know? Yeah.


One of the things that I see is when we contract stuff out to somebody from Gen Z is, is they seem to be in, in my experience, which is very limited. It's not like we've gone through a million of these people or anything. It's, but they stack, they seem to stack too much on their plate. Whereas, whereas is like, they want to, they want to, they wanna do our stuff and then they add more and then they add more and then they add more. And then we see, we see productivity and quality of the content creation start to diminish.


I I'm just curious If you, If you have any insight on that or any advice? No, I think it's just back to probably some real clear guidelines and accountability to certain behaviors that we want. And so what we've had to do with, it's not just Gen Z, but it, it does appear there is in content creation, I, I don't understand this because I did not grow up with this thing in my hand. It's not native to me. When I was a kid, there was a rotary black dial phone on the wall with a cord, you know?


And so if you're talking to your girlfriend, the rest of the family was hearing it, you know, I mean it's, but these guys, they've been content creators since they were six and now you're asking them to create content. And so what we've run into sometimes is they're just so accustomed to doing it, it's just part of their psyche. It's not, it's a, it's a developed skillset just to exist in their, in their generation. And, and so sometimes we run into some arrogance with that. Like, because I've been doing this my whole life. You're, I got socks older than you, but because I've been doing this my whole life, I'm gonna tell you how to do this. We're like, no, no. Now we got confused.


You work here and so now we gotta start again. You're really good and that's why we brought you in here, but you're not the only one who ever had an idea. And no, you just stepped out over the line with that piece of content. And that's not, it's not in our voice, it's not in our brand and, and it's in your brand, but your brand's now gonna conform to ours If you wanna stay here. So, and it is just, it's accountability and it's, but it, it's very seldom with, it isn't a level of kind of arrogance, but it's not malice. It's not like they're being belligerent about it. Yeah. They just, it's, it's native to them. And, and so it just requires some, some, some kind clear leadership and accountability.


And so, you know, in the instance what you talked about, what I might do if I was facing that is I would like go, okay, look, If you wanna take on some of the projects, that's fine, other than just ours. You're, you're freelancer, you don't work for us. But I, let me go ahead and warn you that we're looking at the quality of our stuff and the instant you get too much on your plate, we're probably not gonna be able to work with you anymore. So you really need to temper this and you need to manage it. And as soon as I see it, I'm gonna bring it up again. And if I bring it up two times, it's starting to be a real issue, you know? And I just be real clear like that and just not mean, but just go, I'm not okay with you filling your plate till the food falls off. And that's not cool.


And I don't wanna be the food that falls off. And I've had that, we've had that. And again, it's comes from a positive place because they're so empowered. They think they could do anything because they can, they can just push a button. Crap happens. And our minds are like, wait a minute. They, they have an, it's an abundance mentality, but it's a weird one. It's versus a scarcity mentality where you and I are like, okay, resources are limited, act like it. And they're, it doesn't even occur to them that you can't get something automatically 'cause they have their whole life. That's a damn good point. Let's talk about the Trump administration of the first, what, first couple of months here.


How do you think it's going with the economics? Well, economics, the reason You and I, and Joe and Theo all did interviews with President Trump and obviously Joe's the eight oh pound gorilla in that. But the, we all have major top 10 podcasts and we all, and then Joe came out and entered and endorsed him. And probably three weeks before that I did. And I don't do presidential, I don't do politics, I don't do endorsement. But I did it mainly based on the economy.


It was not the only thing, but I, I'm concerned about some of the same things. Other people were border woke, all that stuff. But happy about all that stuff. But the economics, and I said this on the share, oh well an hour. 'cause I knew I was gonna get flooded with anti-Trump hate. 'cause a fair portion of my audience are not conservatives, but the economics are oddly enough is as much psychology as it is math. Let me give you an example. If I as a small business owner Believe That things are going good and they're going to go good.


I hire, I buy equipment, I, if I, I stock up on inventory. So I create an economy, hiring people creates a positive economy. So I'm acting based on my feeling, based on my psychology. And so it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy that if enough people believe things are gonna be good and they start taking actions as a result, they cause things to be good. And that's what I felt like, and I still think the Trump administration is going to deliver. It's what Ronald Reagan delivered when he turned the economy around. It was more about hope than it was some tax change.


Okay? It was more about, I, this guy believes in America, I believe in America. He believes in capitalism. I believe in capitalism. And I believe that the free enterprise system and freedom and the ability to go open a business and live my dreams, I believe in that. He believes in that he's gonna cause that to happen. He's gonna create an environment where that works. And so I'm gonna go do it. And that's what we did under Reagan. And that's what Trump is delivering when he's making these fabulous vision casting statements about we're going into a golden era, you know, he's speaking it into existence almost. You know, he is trying to, and if he makes enough people believe it, they'll go do that on the off side, then he's doing that fabulously and then the, the games he's playing with the tariffs are scaring the crap outta the stock market.


And the stock market's down since he's in office. And it, and it had been up considerably before that. But there may be a method to that madness. I don't know. I'm not privy to the inside workings of this administration. I don't play in that world. But, you know, there's one benefit that'll come from that is the bond market could, prices could go up, which will drive their interest rates down, which also will drive the economy. So If you drill baby drill, which is about somewhere around one seventh of the national economy is energy related. If you get one seventh of the economy boom and you get interest rates down and get real estate moving again, even if the stock market goes down, the stock market will come back because that'll stimulate everything.


It'll get, it'll get to moving. And it's not him physically doing anything. It's all of these words. And I know he's, I I think it's obvious he's trying to do some other things with the tariffs other than tariffs. He's trying to get compliance on borders being shut down. He's trying to get compliance on them dropping their tariffs down, which they've ridiculously cut our throats for years. A lot of these companies, countries have the trade deficit and the, you know, they're charging us a hundred percent tariff and we don't charge them any. And we're all sitting around and now we decide we're gonna charge 'em something. We act like we're the bad guys. Yeah. Which is ridiculous. So politically or policy wise, that's ridiculous. But the, the offsite is, is that it's destabilizing the markets.


'cause people are worried instead of inspired, If you get more of them inspired than worried, the thing will pick up and it'll get moving. And I still think that's what's gonna happen. I think the offset has just been, the destabilization of all the tariff discussion has destabilized and offset some of the positive feelings that would've caused. So in other words, a business person sitting today is going, okay, I think all this stuff's gonna get really good over here, but I don't know what these tariffs are gonna do to us. And so instead of hiring and buying equipment, they're gonna kind of wait and see how that happens. So we've had a delayed effect on Trump having a positive effect on the e economy. And it probably because of all the y yak, yak, yak, yak around the tariff.


'cause the actual physical tariffs that have actually happened, there's almost zero. But not, it's just been discussion. Wow, I didn't realize that. Yeah. He's just throwing grenades over there and shaking things up and you know, I mean actually how much have prices actually already been affected by a tariff? Almost zero so far. 'cause they get right up to it and then they go, oh wait a minute, they conceded and we're gonna wait. We're gonna give it another 30 days. And oh, well that one, we're gonna do that, but we're gonna take out all these others. And you know, If you, it's hard to follow. And even If you charted it all exactly what all is really happening, I guess If you're in the middle of it, you would, but I don't care enough to chart it, so I'm not gonna fool with it. But the, but I I, I'm really excited about where we'll be in 12 months.


Okay. Still am predicting that I really, I I ramsey's gearing up. We're getting ready. We, we think there's a wave coming and we wanna ride it. Nice. What about, you know, and I, I agree with what he's doing with the tariffs and, and I like to, I like to see us like stand up to this shit on the flip side too, you know, I also really like Doge and what they're doing. Oh man, that's just incredible. But you know, in, in, look, I don't know shit about economics or the economy or anything, but, but I do see, you know, I just had secretary of the VA on earlier this week and you know, va, nobody likes the va and it's overstaffed and You know, just for some context there's 480 something thousand employees at the va.


The US Army has 450,000 active duty members. So they're definitely heavy. And, and we, and they've gone through USAID and all these other places and it's A good idea going bad. They're, they're, they're, they're, they're cleaning out. I i I get what they're doing. They're trimming the fat. I think the fat needs to be trimmed, you know, the national debt. Understand all that. My fear is, You know, is, I mean the va secretary of the VA is, is looking to slash 83,000 jobs here. So when you look at the hundreds of thousands of jobs that are gonna get cut from government positions, are we gonna see, I mean that's, is that gonna affect us?


No, no. 'cause there's not, it's not enough in total jobs to, to cause like an unemployment crisis or something, which you would have to have to, You know, that would lead towards probably a recession contraction of the economy. 'cause there's not enough people that have money from their job to spend. So they spending and that contracts and that's what a recession is. So, but I don't, I I think it's small enough, You know, it's, it's a little bit like, you know, the old joke, major surgery, surgery that I had, minor surgeries you had. And so I mean, when you lose your job, you're a hundred percent unemployed. You don't really care what the unemployment rate is.


And you really don't care about the philosophy of the Trump administration or Elon Musk's ideas. You just lost your job. And so that, for that person that's losing their position, it's huge. But, but in ratio, in the entire economy, the number of jobs, it's not gonna be the end of the world. And it's offset by the, the savings, the deficit, and the debt going down and the chance we could actually get a balanced budget. Again, that's very productive for the economy because every time there's a deficit, remember what happens is, okay, those jobs are harm lost jobs are harming the economy. But also If you don't have the lost job and that job creates extra debt deficit is financed by debt.


Right? When you spend more than you make, they finance it by debt. That debt is sucking money outta the economy. And so they, it becomes a parasite, it's a tick on the butt of the economy sucking the blood out of it. And so that, that, that's the problem with the overspending is it pulls money outta the currency, which if it's out here moving around between your business, my business and, and we're buying, you know, we're, we're, we're spending money at the restaurant and we're going on vacation and we're buying a southwest air ticket and we're doing all the other things. We're we're moving the money around. They put it on shelf and now the economy's smaller. And so that's not as bad because of all these lost jobs.


So there's an offset there. Okay. So, you know, again, I think what what little trouble would be would be more than offset by that. And the other thing, it has to be offset by what we're talking about earlier. Okay? What does the average business person like me that's got, you know, a substantial business but not a huge business, I'm not General Motors, okay? I'm not Apple, but somebody running a business like mine, which 54% of the domestic, of the economy is companies that are 500 people. And smaller, small business is the mathematical backbone of the American economy. So the guy that has a heat and air company that's got 400 people and a a little small fleet of trucks and they fix heat and air on people's houses, what's he looking at?


Okay. He feels a lot more positive about government waste being chopped off at the knees than he does negative of some of those folks losing a job. Okay? And again, he's the one making the decision to spend or to hold his cash because there's a storm coming. Am I gonna invest 'cause there's sunshine coming or is there a tornado coming and I gotta put a, put plywood on the windows and pile cash and get ready because he pile when, when he piles cash in macro when a whole bunch of hees piles cash because they think a storm is coming that freezes the economy shut.


But when they believe the sun is coming and they believe more in Elon causing doge, causing the cutting, the sun is coming than he does those lost jobs. Okay. So I, again, I think it's an offset. Both are very real and they're very personal. If you're in them, I'm not trying to discount If you work for the VA and you're gonna lose your job, I'm not happy for you personally. I'm happy for our, that our nation is addressing, addressing waste though, because a hundred percent of the intelligent human beings walking around realize that the waste is really freaking ridiculous. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I'm with you. It's just, I think it's something we have to go through no matter what.


Oh God. It's like we're, and the fact that they're actually doing it, not talking about it. Yeah. For the first time in modern history, everybody's talked about it. No one's ever done anything, not in the GOP and not in the dims. None of 'em have ever done anything. It takes this wild animal to go in there with a dadgum machete and, and a bunch of Gen Zs with algorithms and start stacking those cash flows and looking at this going, well, look at there. You know, we've got a transgender college that we just put $150 million in and India or whatever. I made that up, but I mean, it's, the stuff is coming out. It's just, it's, it's not even, It's insane.


It's like science fiction is so bizarre. Yeah. It's not even que it's not even a debate about how whacked it is. It's just whacked. Let's move into your book. Build a Business You Love. What's the, what's the premise of it? Well, you know, we talked early, earlier when we first started talking about the total money makeover that you read. And it goes through the seven baby steps. If you'll go through the, the follow that clear path. It's the shortest distance between normal finances, which is broken in debt to wealthy. It's the short, If you follow those seven baby steps, it's a clear path.


And, and it's proven. Tens of millions of people have done that now. And, and so when we're working with small businesses and, and entree, leadership is one of our brands that we work with small businesses. I love small business people. And I am one, I've been one my whole life. I believe it's the free enterprise system. And I just like the type of man and woman that does that. They're just, they're my people, you know, I just like 'em. And they're no nonsense. They get crap done, you know, and they, they, the same things make them afraid or mad that make me afraid or mad. And so I just connect immediately and, and I, again, I am one, I've been running the business almost my whole life. So we started working with these businesses and We, in most cases, what we were teaching them was stuff like core values or how to hire and fire or, you know, the basic, some basic marketing stuff, some basic accounting stuff, some basic finance stuff.


Stuff that they weren't doing 'cause they were too busy doing the business rather than actually running the components of the business. So we're teaching them all of that and have been for almost 20 years. And a number one bestselling book called On Three Leadership. That was the playbook. It was the Super Bowl playbook that we used to run our business to grow it from a card table on in my living room to where it is today. How did we do that? We did these things. And so we've been teaching them and coaching them about 10,000 businesses now. We've worked with and been doing events for 'em for years and big leadership events and that kind of stuff. We've been doing, you know, again, the bestselling book. We've got software, we got all kinds of stuff to help 'em, apps and all that.


So one of the things we figured out about four or five years ago, we started working on it, was that businesses that win go through five distinct stages. And there are six drivers of business that drive you through those stages. And it helps immensely. It becomes the baby steps for business. If you know what those are and what it takes to level up and go through them, you don't necessarily want to go through them super fast. That's not the point on the baby steps.


You'd want to go through 'em as fast as you could, you know, like you said, sell all your junk and you know, we move on, get out of debt, now we move on the up a step. Now we start saving and investing and that kind of stuff. With this, it's more the maturation of the business cycle as you go along. And, and it, it is what we went through and then we started observing. It's what they were going through. And then we figured out that if we can show them that these, that this clear path exists, that it gives you hope that you can go through it when you're just out there wandering along and you don't real even realize there is a path or you don't even realize there is a stage. You don't do the stuff to level up to get better. And, and so once we start showing 'em this system, these five stages, and they go, okay, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm in stage two, what do I need to do to get three?


Okay, this is what you do and here's your six drivers and here's here's how that applies in this situation. And we figure, we've gone around those six drivers at Ramsey in 30 years pro probably. We've, as we went through the five stages, we probably went around that those drivers probably somewhere around 10 times. 10 times, yeah. In th in 30 years. And because every time you go through, you get a different version of it. Okay. And so, you know, driver number three is people. And so, You know, the, the way we hired and fired when we started was way different than the way we hire and fired today.


So every time you come around to people and you go, okay, I'm gonna get better with culture, I'm gonna get better with hiring and firing, I'm gonna get better with attracting the right talent. But then I move around it and I, I and I, that leads me into planning, which is another one that leads me. And you go and start going through it, then you go, okay, when I, when I go up as another stage, it's a whole different set of problems with people that I didn't have before. And so I have to have a whole different level of skills with that, that I didn't have before or whole different level of planning than I had before. You know, if you're planning a small thing, it's not as hard as planning a bigger thing obviously. So, you know, the, the drivers cycle through and we end up going through those.


So, you know, stage one is, is when you open a business, when you first start, and sometimes people stay there the whole time God help 'em is the treadmill operator, which is what it sounds like. You're on a treadmill. This is the drivers or the stages? No, this is stages. Stage one is is the treadmill operator. And so when you start, all of us are treadmill operators and the treadmill operators run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run. Don't feel like you're getting anywhere. But we're real passionate about it and we're going hard. And you get home at night and you flop back on the couch and your wife says, what'd you do today? And you go, I don't know, but I worked my butt off. You know, and you're just working like a crazy person and you're responsible for all the producing of everything.


If you, If you don't do it, it doesn't get done producing. You're responsible for all the revenue. If you don't come to work, place doesn't make any money. So in a sense, you don't even own a business, you just own your own job. Because If you take a vacation, everything falls apart. If you're not there that day, if you're sick, everything falls apart. And so it's very self-dependent, which is kind of gratifying. It makes you important for a minute. It's also exhausting and you don't wanna stay there. It's not a good, you, you will flame out If you stay in that one. But everybody starts there a hundred percent. Now, you may only be there two weeks. You may be smart enough to start hiring people or have enough capital to start hiring people immediately. You may be, you know, this is not your first go round on a business and so you, you're better at time management.


But the thing you do to level up from treadmill to pathfinder, which is the next one I is, you have to get time management going. And you start talking about stuff like I was talking about earlier that I was doing 16 hour days and I'm, I'm on the radio and I'm doing overhead projector teaching financial peace university at night. And I'm at work all day long. And my wife was like a single mom for a short period of time there for a couple of years. And we're talking about work life balance. And that's treadmill. If I didn't go do the radio, there was nothing If I didn't go do the teaching that night. And I remember standing in that Holiday Inn one night and I had a kidney stone and I'm completely covered in sweat, but I had to finish the lesson, then I didn't finish the lesson. I start giving refunds and I couldn't give refunds.


I had to get the money. And so I finished at 11 o'clock at night and went to the emergency room. And, and so, but you, that's what you do in the treadmill stage, right? You, you suck it up buttercup and you get it done. But, but you can't stay there. It's not sustainable for your family. It's not sustainable for your health. It's not a good business model. So you start to learn to manage time and get intentional and go, I'm gonna switch it off when I get home and I'm gonna hire some people. So I, and I'm not the messiah. Other people can be important too, and bring ideas and carry some of this weight. And they can, I can have other people that produce revenue and other people that produce the actual goods and services. So I don't have to be the producer and the revenue producer. And then you get a, you know, you get to that next stage.


And, and so that's what this whole thing's about is just walking through those stages and what's the next stage. You go from there to trailblazer. And Trailblazer is a, it's a fuzzy middle. It's the middle stage and it's kind of whacked. The, you are really kind of getting your traction. Things are starting to happen. You've actually got some other people on the team that are intelligent and are, you can count on, you're starting to build your band of brothers and sisters and that are gonna get her done and you know, all that stuff. But you really suck at systems. You suck at processes. Too much stuff is manual.


And it could be automated. Your accounting software usually sucks at that stage. You're not really keeping good books. The books aren't automated. They don't automatically produce the payroll at the end of the month. You're having to pull stuff out. We had, we had like 22 spreadsheets going and an accounting system. And then we would take the numbers off of those and stick them in the accounting system and then try to create payroll once a month. And it was this ridiculous thing. It was just very unsophisticated, but it was just, all it was was we had scaled up a very primitive system and it was now a very large primitive system. And so we had, our systems and processes were broken and we weren't doing hardly any planning. We were very tactical. It was much, it was just like whatever's in front of us, get it done, whatever's in front of us, get it done.


We didn't think about a year from now. We didn't think about two years from now. We had to make payroll Friday. And we're just trying to make sure, get the dead gun receivables collected. I need the money in here that a, that advertiser hadn't paid us. Why is he still on the air? You know, this is stupid and I don't know, You know, and why we got a collections problem. We, we, we sell 'em wrong. Did they understand that they had to pay us? I mean, what's the, you know, and all this kind of stuff. And we're just, it's just like, there's a lot of chaos, but there's a lot of business happening. So it's kind of an exciting, but it's very chaotic. And so you gotta put the systems in process place. You gotta put the processes in place. And entrepreneurs like me, we, this is the part where I really pushed back. I didn't want to, I never wanna be corporate America, negative parts of corporate America.


I mean, there's big companies that are good companies, but corporate America means bureaucratic bull crap. And, You know, some little twerp is his little domain over here is interrupting business getting done. 'cause he wants to protect his little thing. And we're not doing that. So, You know, well the, You know, accounting said we can't do that bull crap, get it done. You know, the legal teams, no, they work for me. You know, they don't, I don't work for them. And so that's the kind of guy I was. I push him back in the middle of that trailblazer stage. But we still, we had to get enough governance to get things, to get the quality consistent and to, to get the systems that were broken, fixed and to get, we were, we were like filling out pieces of paper.


We were killing trees and it should have been in a dadgum computer program, you know, and that kind of stuff. So we kept pushing and pushing and pushing. The other thing we didn't do is we didn't do any strategic thought. As I said, we were all tactical. It was everything's hands on, hands on, hands on, hands on. So I, I started, I hired some guys that were, and some gals that had an MBA had a master's in business. And I don't have that. I, I've just, I've got an undergrad, but, and I started realizing as I talked to different MBAs that at other companies that we were coaching and I was talking to these guys that there's, I don't know all the details about it. Getting an MBA, I mean, I know basically what it is, but I did figure out that roughly a hundred percent of the MBA programs do a really good job of teaching strategic thought, get above the problem and get the 30,000 foot view then you know how to navigate and rednecks like me, I'm just plowing through.


And the guy goes, look, If you would turn right and then turn left, you don't have to kick the barn door down every time. You could just, it's easy, right? And you gotta get above it to see that though. And, and so, you know, you just took off, put the pedal to the metal and hope you find Florida. How about a map? You know? And if you're gonna go, you ought to have a map. And, and so that their thought. And so I always laugh and say, the MBAs that we hired, they taught me strategic thought. It was not my nature. 'cause I'm very much in your face in the moment. Entrepreneurial, tactical, go mow the grass, collect the money, You know, that kind of thing. And so they taught me strategic thought and I taught them how to work.


So, but anyway, that, that's our joke around there. But it's also true. But so we, you know, 'cause we work our butts off and, and so that kind of stuff then started to help us move to the next stage, which is the peak performer stage. And that it's the fun one man, you're just printing money. You're just bailing money. This stuff starts to come together. It gels the culture in the team starts to come together. You quit hiring dufus. 'cause your hiring process gets better. You quit keeping them. 'cause your firing process is better. You, your systems and processes. You start to realize the importance of them. But they work for you. You don't work for them. You're not a bureaucrat.


You know, we, we stand on principle. We've got our core values. We know what we're doing. We're serving the customer. And now all we're doing is making each product better or new products that are even better or concepts. And we start, we can add things to the portfolio. So we start adding a high school curriculum or we add, you know, a a a budgeting piece of software, an app and, and you know, we can start doing that because we're, we're working in just strength. Now we've got cash. 'cause you're making more money at this stage than ever. And you never dreamed you'd make this much money when you get to this stage. It's a lot. And you can make good money in the others. But this is like, and I can go home at five and I don't, there's stuff happening in the organization that I have no idea happened.


And it's all the exact right stuff and I'm happy about it. I don't have to be in every little detail because I've, I've got a team of leaders that I've trained that have trained a team of leaders and you know, we're, we got a bit of a chain of command, so to speak, going and I, I need to know what's going on. And I get reports on different things. I've got accounting reports coming in, but I don't have to be in every meeting. I don't have to make every decision because they can already finish my sentences. They know what Dave would do. They know what that owner of that business would do. The only downside of peak performer is you start to believe your own clippings. And if you're not careful, you keep doing only the same thing. And you don't iterate.


Because If you don't iterate in this market, you die. If you're not constantly getting better, constantly changing, constantly polishing, constantly changing, constantly looking for a new thing to add while you're being successful. But If you keep running the same play, all the other teams figure out the play. And so you, it doesn't, you can't, you can't rest. And the problem is, you, you're so dadgum good right now and there's so much money stacking that you start to think, I'm, I'm really good. And that's dangerous. So you got, you gotta constantly give the little shock to the system, get the cattle prod out and just go, okay, reset, we're going for excellence. We're gonna break it for it's broken baby. We're, we're gonna, we're gonna reset, reset, reset.


And you gotta constantly re-energize the whole place to raise this level of excellence. And then the last one is just legacy stage. And, and so succession planning, how are you gonna hand this off? Are you gonna sell it? Are you gonna quit and shut it down? What's the end game? And and you start planning for that. I started doing that 16 years ago, started our, our succession planning and, and our, you know, how are we gonna hand this off? How's it gonna survive after Dave? Because it's not mine. I'm just the manager. So it really shouldn't quit. God's whole thing that he built here shouldn't just dry up just 'cause I die.


That's a bad idea. And so we gotta start working on legacy and you know, so that's really the five stages you go through. But there's leveling up in a lot of detail. You know, a lot of little nuanced things that you do in there to go to work through the, and that's in 34 years, that's the five stages we've been through and we've watched as companies are going, while we coach them, they go from treadmill, you know, to pathfinder, to trailblazer. And, and when they're sitting in trailblazer, it's really obvious to us then that, you know, here's your problem. You don't have a system, you know, you're doing this thing, you're, you're pulling this outta your ear all the time instead of, this is a replicatable process.


You don't have to make it up brand new every morning. And so we just know how to coach 'em and know how to sit 'em down. So we said we better put that in a book because that clear path gives people hope and it'll, it'll increase the speed of success and the quality of life for the guy and gal running a a small business. Right now, What you had mentioned, the six drivers, let's go through those real quick. Okay, first one's personal. When you start a business, most people think that the thing you start with is product. And you can, and that's normal. You gotta, okay, I got an idea. I wanna start a podcast. I got an idea. I wanna build a widget. I wanna go into this certain kind of a business.


I wanna be in the heat and air business. I wanna be a veterinarian. You know, you got a certain idea that's product. The, the service or the actual physical gummy bears that you create, right? But you don't, you, you don't really start there. If you do, you're gonna have a problem but you, it's okay to have that in mind 'cause that's usually the thing that gets you outta bed and causes you to go do the business idea. But it really does before you get the product, it really does backtrack all the way to the top. What the first driver's personal and the personal issue is this John Maxwell talks about in his book 21 Ever Fieldable Laws of Leadership, which is his bestselling book. And my favorite of his, the number three law is the law of the lid.


I'm the lid on my business. And so that's personal, personal growth. It, my, the growth of my business is dependent upon my personal growth. It will never get bigger if I don't. And so I was 33, lemme we started this, I'm 64, okay? And so obviously the guy that started this couldn't run this today that he's not the same guy. I've read a bazillion books over those 30 years. I've had a bazillion experiences, I've had a lot of smart people yell at me and tell me how stupid I am and I need to do this different. And they were right and they were good, good enough friends to tell me the truth and I fixed things and stuff would break and we'd do a CSI on it and go, okay, why did the patient die?


And you know, what's the autopsy results? And oh well that's what happened or how did crazy get in the building, put a lock on that door. And so, you know, we go through that stuff and we're, get better, get better, get better, get better, get better. So, you know, when you listen to Shawn Ryan podcast interviewing some of the neatest stories in the world, my, if you're a business leader and you're watching this mine, that podcast for the leadership principles that you're hearing in that, or the life principles that you're hearing in that, If you go to a leadership conference for god's sakes, take 7,000 notes and be going to our leadership conference, read a book this year on what you wanna get better at, like leadership or business structure or who's writing in the business space that's smart.


Learn from that. And, and so con the problem with my business is always the guy in my mirror. That's the bad news. The good news is the solution of my business is always that guy in my mirror that's very personal. And you know, that's kind of what you and I were talking about when it was just you and me in the room at the house one night or one afternoon I is that it never stops. You can hire a CEO or a president or a COO, but still, if you're the guy, you still gotta get better. And one of the ways you can get better is hire people smarter than you. I mean I got, we've got somewhere around 400 people that do software engineering.


I've never written a line of code in my life. I don't even know what they do. But I know that they are creating things that create revenue and help to other people. And I, that's my job. It's not to learn to be a coder. Does it scare you when you don't know an aspect of your business? Yes, it scares the crap out of me, me too, but, but it doesn't keep me from being responsible for it. And so like I dropped into one of those meetings 'cause those are all Gen Zs just about writing that stuff and they're smart. And I dropped into those meetings and they're freaking like the military, they've got acronyms for everything. Three letter words, five letter words for everything. And they're, and it is a whole different language.


And I'm sitting in this meeting for about 10 minutes and I think I, they might as well have been speaking German. And finally I raised my hand and said, Hey guys, I'm just gonna be really transparent right now. It, I'm a little bit scared 'cause I pay all y'all and I have no idea what you have said for the last 10 minutes. Would y'all take a minute and humor me and tell me what you've been talking about? I might be able to add value but I might also just be a little calmer if I actually know what you're doing and I don't have to know every detail. And I'm not asking you to, I'm not drinking down your business. I just wanna learn from you. What have y'all been discussing? And they, they said, oh, and then they told me and it I understood and I went, okay.


And it was something about the friction and the conversion rates were dropping on this particular webpage. We weren't, we weren't converting, we were losing the customers. And because of the way the thing was built, it was poorly designed. And they're like, okay this is this and it, you know, and they were dropping all these acronyms around basically making the sale. Now I know how to make the sale, I can help with that, but I can't help you if I don't know what you're talking about. So yeah, it's scary and, but it's also, I don't have to know. But I, in that case I was just curious and I wanted to learn, but I wasn't really holding them up. I wasn't the bottleneck. And if you're the bottleneck, that's where you get the problem in personal. And so I've gotta know enough about accounting to make sure the accounting team's doing their job. I gotta know enough about the results of the software engineers to know that I'm actually getting an ROI on that freaking $50 million in payroll, right?


I've gotta know enough about marketing to be able to look, I got, you know, enough to look at the social media and go, this is low quality. You know, I don't have to be a social media expert, but I gotta go, I'm not cool with this video. It's jumping around all over the place. It's bothering me. It's half but quality. I know you, you quick edit it or whatever. But it driving me nuts. That's the discussion I had yesterday. And so that's the way everybody's doing it. And I said, well that's exactly the reason we shouldn't do it. And so, You know, I can bring that to the table still, but I don't, so, so yeah that, that's, but it's normal for something to feel. But If you only do stuff that you know how to do, it'll never get big.


You gotta bring team people on know how to do stuff you don't know how to do. So I need a good kicker. I need a good right guard, left guard. I need a good defensive lineman even if I'm the quarterback and I don't have to do all that. And so I, I need a, my CFO is, and I'm the this freaking Dave Ramsey. I mean I know the money stuff, but my CFO's dad come genius. He's smart. I mean he comes in, we get to do math riddles and stuff together. I just love it. But, but it, thank god that I got somebody like that on the team so I can hand off, hand off. And that gives me the ability to scale, the ability to grow. But I've got to grow enough.


I've got be willing to learn strategic thought to take me up. I've gotta be willing to get better at those things. That's the personal next one's purpose. And purpose is why are you here? And I tell leaders all the time in business, if the only reason you're in business is to make money, you will not make it. You'll quit. You've gotta have something beyond that. You and I have both talked off, off camera that we thoroughly enjoy what we do. And one of the reasons we enjoy it is we're making a difference. I mean, you brought some stories to light in this room that needed to be done and that was not, you didn't do that for money.


You did that 'cause it's really fun and by God it was the right thing to do. These are stories people needed to know because it was ridiculous that they weren't told. And Sean freaking Ryan is who told the story. And that's, that's your purpose, right? I mean, and you gotta have purpose and you gotta identify it and then you gotta hire people that plug into that purpose and that some of the stuff on the walls around this room are, they're, they're keepsakes from people whose story got told, who would not have been told where you're not here. And if the guys on the camera don't understand that, if they think they just run a camera, then you're screwed. Yeah. And so you gotta have purpose.


And the same thing at Ramsey, man. I mean if, if we hear somebody met God because they went through one of our things and they got outta debt and then they heard we were Christians. So they investigated it that everybody at Ramsey cries. It makes us cry 'cause somebody met Jesus. 'cause that's our purpose. One of 'em our purpose is, you know, we teach somebody, teach number one cause of divorce in North America today is money fights and money problems. We can get you on the same budget and get you outta debt and get the stress outta your house. And then you walk in our office and you go, you guys saved our marriage. Yeah. And came on. We didn't save your marriage, you saved your marriage. But we by God showed you how. That's awesome. That's, that's our purpose.


And you gotta have that and you gotta say it and you gotta look at it and everybody's gotta be plugged into it. And that's a driver of the business. If you think you're in the heat and air business and all you do is make money by going in somebody's house and turning on their thermostat, you're not gonna stay in business. And you think, oh this is a great way to make some money. You're not gonna stay in business 'cause you're in it for the wrong reason. You're in it to, to extract rather than to add value to the world that you live in. And so yeah, we're gonna get to product, but, and you can start there, but you better go back and take care of you. You better go to purpose and that'll bring you to people and you start adding the right ones, the right hiring and firing. Get the right, as my friend Jim Collins says in book, good to great.


Get the right people on the bus, the wrong people off the bus, the right people on the right seats on the bus. And that is like a full-time job. It's like I spend 80% of my calories on that. Really? Yeah. It's people man. They're our greatest blessing and our greatest curse. It's a constant thing. And some of my greatest, most wonderful things are the people that I've gotten to do this journey with that are on my team. And some of the biggest pains and scars I have in my life are from the people that have been on my team is, but it iss part of it, man, your other choices don't dance man. I wanna dance. I'm gonna get out there. I don't care if I look foolish, let's have at it.


So yeah. You know, let's do it. So yeah, that's, people are a constant thing and they really are a great joy by and large. But you always got that, you know that one or two story like we talked about earlier. There's one or two or three that, man, I must have been an idiot. I heard them worse than that. I kept 'em. Ugh. And so yeah, you, You know, I had one guy tell us in entre, we were standing in the hallway. He goes, yeah man, my team. I said, they're, he said they're awful. And I said, well you suck, don't you? And he said, what do you mean you hired them and then you kept them and then you're sitting here whining about 'em. Who's fault is this? It's yours.


So yeah, the leader has to deal with the people. You don't have a choice people's the deal. What is your strategy with hiring and firing? Our, our hiring is ridiculous. Might not be funny in here, but the line we always use is it's harder to get on with us than it is the CIA or the FBI. I mean it's hard. We put you through the ringer. It used to be a whole bunch. It got to be too many interviews. We got it up to about the average 15 interviews before you got hired. That was, that was silly. 15. And yeah, we got it down to about seven now that, that we got outta control. But we just got so paranoid about making a bad hire that we wanted to spend the ridiculous amount of energy and time to get a good hire.


And, but we do about seven interviews minimum. Now the first one is a 30 minute quick, not 32 minutes, not 31 minutes, 28 to 30 minutes cultural review. And we spend about 10 minutes telling them who we are. Here's our 14 things, here's who we are. And If you don't wanna do this, you're not gonna wanna be here. One is we work at work, we don't, we don't have remote work, we work at the office. We're, we're believe being in the proximity of each other is valuable. And productivity, creativity, communication, everything is enhanced when you're physically in the same space.


And so even now it's kind of being popular 'cause like Elon's telling everybody to work at work, but we work at work and If you don't wanna do that, you can opt out right now, we only got 28 minutes invested in this discussion. So, and then we spent about 20 minutes listening to them. So two ears, one mouth is the ratio. There's 30 minutes, 20 minutes listening, one 10 minutes talking. And they don't let me do those 'cause I talk too much but, and I'm not that good at it. But you listen and you try to determine is this person gonna fit? Are they engaged in behaviors that don't fit here? Are they, you know, for for instance, if all they can do is whine about how horrible the last place they worked is, then they're gonna do that about you.


So you know, if that's how you spend your first 10 minutes in an interview talking about how negatively about the last place, you're probably gonna do the same thing with us. It's probably, you know, we're probably done. Or if they, you know, they go, you know, I hate Christians, you probably won't wanna work here 'cause the guy that owns this place, because you know, I'm a gun guy a as you know, but not everybody knows that. And 'cause I'm supposed to be the get outta debt guy, but I mean I, I'm a firearms enthusiast. I'm not anywhere near some kind of in elite level or anything like that. But I like to shoot and I like to collect and all that kind of stuff. And so, and I carry every day all the time. And so they ask, you know, our guys will ask you go our CEO carries a gun.


I've never seen it, but he carries a gun everywhere he goes, that's legal that he can do that. And how you feel about that and you know, some people go, I don't wanna work here. And that's good, it's good. We decide that right then you're not a culture fit because I do. And I'm not changing that for you to come to work here. So, and as a matter of fact, a whole bunch of people in the building, Carrie. So, and we actually have this wonderful training program and we do tactical training and fun stuff and it's great team building and go to my farm and, you know, run a thousand rounds and learn how to actually handle a handgun and all that. It's kind of fun. But not everybody wants to do that. And that freaks people out. And if you're one of those people that's gun freaked out, then I'm, I'm a Tennessee redneck.


I've had a gun in the back window of my truck since I was 12. I mean, come on. So that's just the way I grew up and I'm not worried about it. I'm not freaking not making a political statement, it's just a actual fact. So do you wanna work here? And so we throw that out, we'll throw out different things like that and just ask a question. It's not like saying you have to do it, but this is who you're coming to work with. So you need to know. And so that little 30 minute interview that gets rid of, we either canned them or, you know, that get i I don't think one in 10 make it through that. No kidding. Yeah, because they, they thought that we were something that were not and or we thought they were something they weren't. And we don't hire people based on skill.


Skill is important, but it is trumped by cultural fit value system enthusiasm, crusader. Yeah, I, I, you know, I give somebody that actually freaking cares deeply and they lean in and they've got medium level skill. We can take a c player like that and make 'em an a plus player, but I can't take an a plus player. They'll perform at a D level if they don't fit in. Yeah. And if they're not in, if they're not, if they think it's just a job. If you're here to collect a check, a JOB how little how how late can I come to work? How much can I steal while they're there?


How many times can I be on my Facebook account instead of getting my freaking work done? And then I wanna leave early too. Oh, and I need extra PTO 'cause my dog needs his toenails done. Oh geez. Get outta my life. Life's too short and how much can I take? How much of a parasite can I be? And the odd thing is people will reveal that pretty easily and you go, you ain't gonna fit in. 'cause the people here, we work and we care and we love each other and we got each other's back and we're getting this crap done and you know, pretty quickly you go there. So we get past that and then we start actually getting into it. But we've never hired anyone based on the number of degrees.


I had one guy working for me a long time ago, he said, he came into my office, he said, you know, I've got, he had three graduate level degrees. He was a smart dude. And he goes, I've got this degree, this degree, this degree. And he goes, you know, in corporate America I could make double what I make here. And I said, good you should. And he said, well I need to talk about, you know, getting a raise. And I said, we don't give raises based on degrees. Dude. This is a small business. Your raise is effective when you are, when you kill something, drag it home, I'll share it with you. But collecting degrees is not, you're not a thermometer. I mean this is not, is not what we did. You're not a thermometer. I mean come on man. I mean it's like this is not a thing.


So we, you know, and sweet guy and he worked there probably I could see his face right now. I know his name, but he's a good guy. I still talk to him occasionally. He'd been gone probably 10 years. But he really had bought into that lie. And a lot of people when you're hiring buy into the lie that the degree matters or the certification matters or what I made at the other place matters. It doesn't, it doesn't, what matters more is it, it matters only to the extent you can add value to the place you're coming. So, You know, four year I've got a four year business degree. It's a wonderful degree. I'm glad I got it. I use components of it almost every day. But the actual degree itself has never made me a dime.


The tools that put in my belt now, those tools are valuable, extra knowledge that I didn't have. That's valuable. So that's the hiring and and we're looking for people that fit in, that are a we and that are fired up. We love it if it's not necessary, but if, if they've gone through something we do and it's changed their life and they want to do that for others by working on the team there, it's a crusader. That's a really good indicator that you're gonna get on up in the interview process. And, and then the last thing we do is very controversial, weird.


But I figured out when I went broke, I, we've owned real estate that my wife never saw. I was out doing deals and she's like, whatever you wanna do, honey Southern bell, right? And you got it man. And I didn't, I did some stupid butt stuff and there were other times we did stuff and she's like, well I knew that wasn't gonna work. I'm like, well why didn't you say something? You know? And, and she always had an opinion after I told you so, you know, like where, where were you when we were making the decision? So I found that in scripture and I didn't, when I went broke and I was studying this money principles and a money principle is this, who can find a virtuous wife for her worth as far above rubies, the heart of her husband safely trusts her.


'cause she's virtuous. She's not a barking chihuahua, not a nag. She cares, she's wise. The heart of her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain. You know, bill wealth, listen to your virtuous wife. Okay, I wasn't doing that and I went broke. So maybe I need to add that to the get outta debt list or the be on a budget list or whatever. There's a thing I do. So we quit when we went broke. And I found that when I was studying all this stuff, I said, okay, I don't make major decisions without sharing. We'll fight about it. We might not agree about it, but we're gonna talk about it and we're gonna come into agreement or we don't move forward when in doubt don't.


So we're gonna, I'm not gonna go make a $10,000 investment. And she says that's a bad idea. Never doing that. Sounds like I'm henpecked but I'm not. 'cause we argue about it sometimes, but not much anymore. But back in the old days we did. And so if we get ready to do a large gift with some generosity moves with our foundation, our family foundation, Sharon and I look at it, I don't do that. She doesn't do it by herself. We do it together. We're a unit, we're married and now you are one. You know, the preacher said, he didn't say, now you are a joint venture. And so I was running it like a joint venture.


Like I, I'm smart, I can just go do this. I don't need my wife. And she would say I'm an independent woman, I can do whatever I want. Yeah you are, but it is stupid. You know, maybe we ought to work together. Hello. And the people that build wealth work together, that's the data actually shows us nowadays. So we quit making big decisions without that. And then when I got ready to hire our first person, I don't know about you man, but when I hired the very first one, that was scary. AST crap. Yeah, yeah. I felt the weight of the responsibility for that family that was counting on me to give them the money in payroll that I had promised them that it scared the P out of me. And the second one was easier.


The third one was easier. The 3000th was really easy. But the first one scared me and I went, this is a big decision. Sharon doesn't work, has never worked at Ramsey, she's never worked at the office ever. But we don't make big decisions at the office without Sharon getting involved. So if we got ready to do a huge purchase at the office, like I remember one time in the early days we bought a phone system for $14,000 and that was like woo, nobody has phone systems anymore. But like Sharon has to come down to the office and sit and look at the phone system with my three leaders and me and we make this decision and she signs off on $14,000 back in the day. 'cause that, that was a lot of money then.


It was a big decision. I don't make big decisions without sharing. So we don't hire people without sharing in the early days. So when we got ready to get hired, that's interesting. The last step today still is what we call the spousal interview. And so the last step is after we're pretty dadgum. Sure this is God, we're pretty sure this is a good move for everybody. God's got us all together, but we're gonna go out to dinner informally with the person we're hiring and their spouse and the leader and their spouse. In the old days it was Sharon and me would take you to dinner. We probably did the first hundred hires that way with just me and Sharon. Wow. And we go to dinner and my wife is not, she's, I'm the talker obviously.


So she's pretty chill kickback. And the video I've seen on your wife would be similar. You know, you'd have a lot to say about this place and your wife would be watching and listening and learning. And then I would, I learned I was somehow somebody taught me, I don't know where it came from. Not to ask my wife as we were driving away how, what she thought, I asked her how she feels and her Holy spirit women's intuition. She could smell crazy a mile away. And I'm like a Labrador retriever. I'm like, I like everybody so I'm hiring her. Let's get, let's get let's, You know.


And, and and she's like, You know, I like the guy and his wife's sweet, but I just got a bad And she's from east Tennessee, it's southern, right? So it's a seven syllable word. I got a bad feeling a hundred percent of the time. But go ahead. But go ahead. Don't worry about it. I I just, I just tell you I got a bad feeling and a couple times I would say, okay, you think we oughta do it or not? Yeah, go ahead. A hundred percent of those were gone in four months. No shit. Something blew up her. And, and the other thing is she almost never said that. I mean three times out of a hundred something like that, most of the time she said Yeah this is great, let's just do it how you feel.


Oh I feel really good. I like it. I actually like his spouse better. Which is probably means he's probably a good person 'cause he's smart enough to get her, you know. And so she just, you know, that's a conversation. Alright, let's pray about it tonight. So we pray about it and he changed tomorrow morning, let me know. And then we call him, we tell the couple y'all go home and pray about it and talk about it. And I would look at their spouse and say, I want you to tell him If you have a bad feeling, I want you to tell her If you have bad whoever it is we're interviewing. Right? And for some reason that is very controversial with some of the people out there in the hate land. But I don't know why it's controversial. It's just like, I love my wife and I trust her and I like her better than I like anybody I've ever hired.


And so I'm gonna want her on the team, you know, and, but that's weird. But I've had some funny stuff happen. We had one old boy who was a party guy and you know, we're not, we, we are regular people but we're not like wild animal party people. And this guy was drinking and doing drugs and doing all this other stuff at, at a, at a real high level apparently. But he was smart and he was really good and he's a fun guy. He was a great guy. But we kind of went through all this stuff and his wife was country is cornbread and she didn't say a thing all night. And I'll never forget we were at the steakhouse right down here. I could name it and I won't, but it's right over the hill here. You know it.


And I ordered key lime pie for a dessert. I'll never forget my for went to the key lime pie. In other words, we'd been there an hour and a half. The woman hadn't said a word and she, she says, y'all are real religious, ain't ya? And I said, well If you mean like the Pharisees or jerks about Bible or something, no, If you mean we love Jesus Christ, yes. He ain't going to fit in. Oh man. I started laughing. The guy that had another leader in his wife with me, they start laughing.


My wife is looking at me like I've lost my mind. We're just laughing because me and my leader, and even the guy starts laughing because she just spoke truth. You know, she kept us. 'cause he was a friend that the leader and I knew from the broadcast business and we really wanted him to come on. 'cause he's a fun guy. He is real creative. And we were just overlooking the fact that, hey, I ain't going to fit in. And this woman spoke. She dropped a grenade in the middle of the table, dropped a bomb in the middle of the table. It was fabulous. We didn't hire him. We're still friends to this day, friends with her to this day. And, but it, that's what it's for. Because we all get all excited about the positives that can happen and we overlook the obvious things.


And the spousals sometimes if they're, if they're wise and strong and their voices used to being heard, we'll speak into it. And it's fabulous. That's our best part of our hiring process out there. Man. I love to hear that. But it gets implement that, but it ticks, it ticks people off. They're like, you don't have any, right, I got all kinds of Right. My name's on the side of the building, you talking about it got right. But oh well I'm Gonna implement that. I love that. That's a great idea. That is a great idea. What about firing? How fast do you fire For extreme misbehavior? Instantaneously.


But that almost never happens. Somebody steals. I don't really need to negotiate. That's just, you know, just sad day we're done. But most of the time it would be misbehavior or incompetence would be one of the buckets. And those things are things you can work on. And so we have an accountability system where leaders always are meeting with their team, doing one-on-ones once a week. You do one-on-one or once every two weeks for an hour. And that's where you listen to what's the going on with the actual work. You hear what personal about the person, how can we help you?


How can we support you? What's going on? You know, how can we love you? Well, and here's some things we gotta work on. You gotta, you gotta course correct. So there's never anything that's just like once a year we do a review. No, we're once a week or once every two weeks. We're talking about life and business and how's it going? And you know, your salesman, you're not making any sales calls, not gonna work. You have to get the sales calls up. How can I help you get that done? What can we, is there an issue with your technology? What's the problem? Let's get it going, let's get it going, let's get it going. And so we began some basic course correction and confrontation there. Or you know, you can't seem to get here before 10 o'clock in the morning. That's not cool. We actually work here.


You need to get your butt in the office. You know, and what's the problem? What you gotta issue? Childcare problem, what? How can we help you? What's the, tell me what's going on. If there's a real reason, let's talk about it. But you just, I didn't get out of bed. Ain't cool. You know, so you basic stuff, right? You're talking about all the time. And, and then the next thing you would do is you would escalate it and begin what we call a difficult conversation and a difficult conversation without going through the whole seminar bit on it that we teach. But it is just, you sit down and say, Hey, we're both currently sitting on the same side of the table. I'm on your team.


I'm not across the table from you. This is not a, a correction or a negotiation, but this is gonna be a difficult conversation. No one's getting fired today. But if we don't correct some things we're gonna talk about today, we're gonna have to move towards that direction. And then you say, here's the things, now here's a program and we're gonna meet and here's the things I expect from you and we need these things done by this date and I'm gonna check with you a couple times. And then by that date we're gonna look and see did you do it? And then if it's something fairly simple and they correct it, you know, it showed work on time or they get their sales calls up or whatever the issue is, but I don't know what it is or you know, you're mis you're talking to someone in a way you shouldn't be talking to them and that kind of stuff.


Then you know, and then they either do it or they don't. If they don't do it, then you go, okay, now we're gonna have another difficult conversation and now it's gonna get a little hotter and nothing is gonna happen today, but we're probably one meeting away from you not working here. And so we're just real clear, real kind, real direct. These meetings are about this long. We're not going on for two hours with a bunch of emotion. It's, these are 10, 10 minute meeting. It's not, it's just gonna tell you here's what we're doing and, and this is not a thing. And so I, I'll help you, I'm here to support you. I'm gonna work on, but, and, and then we would come in if they, and and say, all right, now we're gonna put you on a 90 day plan.


And during this 90 days you and I are gonna meet every other day and we're gonna work on every one of these things. And at the end of that 90 days, you're going to have solved this problem permanently. We're never gonna revisit it again or we will be done. Or If you don't want to enter into this very intense 90 day period, here's a severance package today. If you would rather do that, If you say, my time at Ramsey's done, here's a severance package today. I would say when that's put on the table, probably 70% of the time they take the severance and walk out the door because you've already talked about whatever it is up to this point. And they either think they can turn it and want to turn it and really want to engage to stay and part, be part of the team.


Or they're like, you know, screw this, I'll just take the money and go. And we would rather give 'em a little money and not have to deal with the, because you're taking up a leader's productivity too through that whole time to try to make a save. And the number of people that we save at that point is fairly low. Almost all of 'em are saved prior to that, that conversation. That starts a 90 day plan. But when you get there, it's, it's a fairly low save ratio. But we'll try it. I mean, we, we won't give everybody a chance. 'cause I got fired one time when I was 20. I was working for this company and this guy was just a, he was a character and his, he was a one of the leaders, he wasn't the owner of the company.


And I was doing site locations for a company called Mr. Transmission. It's out business now. I think there's a few of 'em still open. But the actual franchise operation's gone. And the guy was that I reported to, I was doing real estate right outta college, doing site locations for him. I worked there for three whole months and he fired me and he came in my office one day and just started you, you little FFF, your mother's an effort and all these efforts and all this stuff. And he's yelling and screaming and he goes, get a box and get your ass outta here. You know, all this. And I'm like, what did I do? And he goes, it doesn't matter. You're fired. Get outta here. And ho honestly, it, that was 40 something years ago. I still don't know what I did. I probably did it.


I probably deserved to be fired. I don't know what I did. I mean, I wasn't like a the champion character, wonderful person or something. So it was very possible. I just don't know what I got fired for. And so that scarred me. And I promised when we opened Ramsey that if someone left, they would always know why. They would never be surprised. And they would always know why not. Surprised is, you're not getting fired today, but we gotta fix this. We gotta fix this, we gotta fix this, we gotta fix this. They're not gonna be surprised. And they're always gonna know exactly why. And so it's not unusual at Ramsey for someone to, I've heard this multiple times.


They tell their spouse on Monday morning or Tuesday morning, this is probably gonna be my last day. 'cause they know when they come in that they're done because it's been so clear and gradual. It's on a gradient up to that. And then they don't feel, their dignity is not stolen. And I remember, and I, they're not long meetings. When you do finally say, today's your last day, that's a six minute meeting. It's like, You know, we've worked on this up to this point. We know we love you, but this is not working. And we've talked about it and talked about it and talked about it. So today's the decision's been made, today's your last day at Ramsey. And what we, what I want you to do is I'm gonna, I've got a person, my HR director sitting outside, they're gonna walk with you to your car and collect your fobs and stuff and collect your computers and your access is already shut down.


And then they'll also make a time for you to come back in late in the day or after hours to sign the paperwork. And they get your stuff from your desk. Is there anything you need right this second before you go home? And that's how long it takes. And they're in their car 10 minutes after we open and they're on their way home and they don't have to do a walk of shame back to their team and clean out their stuff and have a box and go through like something from office space or something. And so they come back later. We're not trying to hurt somebody. Yeah. It just didn't work. And, but you know, people are funny. I mean, the stuff that people come up with, but it, yeah, I'm not gonna surprise 'em though.


And I never have. And I've never fired anybody angry while I was angry. I've been angry, but I didn't fire. I've never fired someone while I was angry. I'd go home, talk to Sharon, think about it, come back in the next morning and then I kind of, by then it's almost usually kind of humorous how stupid the whole thing is. And they just can't work here anymore. You know, I just learned a lot from that segment. Thank you. Yeah, I did. I did. And Dave, we're wrapping up the interview here, but you are the money guy. So last question. Where should people, where should people be putting their money in today to invest? First thing is, you should never put money in something you don't understand.


Don't put it because Dave Ramsey said do it or anybody else said do it. The second thing is, if you're investing, that means you have a long view of money. You're putting it in something, you're gonna leave it alone a long time. We did at Ramsey research, a research team, an airtight study, the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. It's in the book last bestseller I had called Baby Steps Millionaires, white, white papers in the back of it on the research research is airtight. We had another company outside from New York look over our shoulders on our methodology to make sure that the research process was not confirmation bias, that it was detail air type.


Because we knew that the left-wing communist group would not like the results of where millionaires come from because they have a, an anarchist, communist, wealthy quality agenda. That's absolute bull crap. And we knew that would come at us. So we had to make it airtight. So If you disagree with the conclusions of this study that is hard data that are known as facts, you would be what's known as wrong, in other words. And so one of the things we found was that 89% of America's millionaires, that's nine out of 10 are not millionaires because of inherited money.


The great lie is, is that the rich have all the money. And so the poor little people can't get any money. This is the greatest country in the history of the world, the greatest economic system in the history of the world. For the little man to get ahead, I'm so stupid, I had to do it twice. So it's possible. I promise you it's possible. 79% inherited precisely zero 5% inherited a small amount like $5,000 from the grandmother, which mathematically makes it impossible for that to have caused them to be a millionaire. And another 5% inherited a substantial amount after they were already millionaires. Like maybe they got 250 grand when dad died, but they were already worth two and a half million.


So it didn't cause them to be a millionaire. So 79 5 and five is 89. That's an example of that study. Now, in that study, the sad thing was the process that people had used and the demographic data, the breakdown of wealth of who had become millionaires again, not they'd done it themselves. They were not inherited money was unbelievably boring. It was just zero sex appeal. It's just devastatingly stupid. And it's just, here's what they did. The average person in their head, now this is the first one to $5 million of net worth. This is not somebody worth a hundred million. It's not a billion, a billion's, a thousand million.


That's people with jets and seven cars. Okay? But this a millionaire drives a Toyota. Okay? And here's what they did. They have a 600, $800,000 house that's paid for, and they have 800, 900,000 in their 401k. 'cause they've been putting money in mutual funds in their 401k for 15 years. And the company matches and it's in a Roth. And they did some Roth IRAs and they, they had retirement investing and a paid for house. And the two together was a million and a half to $2 million, 1.6 million, 1.4 million, whatever, like 80 something percent of them looked like that.


It was ridiculous. Wow. So pay off your house, put money in 401k mutual funds and that that's your first million to $5 million. And it's like all of 'em, it wasn't like a statistical, I mean it was, and when you're doing statistical analysis on stuff like that, If you can get something at 56%, like a, like a poll on politics, I mean, you know, you get 48 to 42 to 52, you know, you get a 56% of the vote. You had a landslide, right? We didn't have 56% of anything. All this stuff came in in the 80 percentile. Wow. And it's like all of 'em. So it was, it was not only statistically significant, it was ridiculous.


It was actually fact, fact. And so yeah, put money in a good growth stock mutual fund that has a long track record and fill up your 401k with that. Take the match, do a Roth IRA and do the same thing and pay your raw pay off your real estate. And some of 'em then would start buying other real estate. There were some other cool stories in there. One guy had, was worth $5 million and he had a hundred percent of it. And farmland. He was a dirt farmer in Kansas. He had a big farm in Kansas. And he'd been just, he'd buy a few acres and he'd buy a few acres and he'd pay cash for it. And he had like $10 million worth of dirt. And that was all he had. He didn't have any money. He just had a bunch of dirt. It was, but so he had a $10 million net worth. It was great. But that was the, that was the weird ones.


That was, that was kind of fun. But most of 'em are a guy that, you know, he's a mid-level. 33% of them. One third never made six figures. Wow. Number one career was engineer. Number two was accountant. Get this number three teacher. No kidding. Number four, exec, business executive, number five. Lawyer. Medical doctors didn't even make the top five. No kidding. They're notoriously bad with money and arrogant with their money, but almost like a music artist or something. But you know, I mean they're, they're either really good or they're really bad, like the music people.


And so our actors or the athletes the same thing. All that. But yeah, it was very interesting. And what we figured out was, okay, what, what have they got in common? Teachers, I'm sorry, engineers, accountants, teachers, business executive lawyer. They all are process people. You have to use a process to build any, build a bridge or it falls and it, it's a set of principles. You don't get to make up. It's no creativity involved. You gotta do the right thing or it false. There's one set of math you don't get to. Oh, that's a new way of doing it. No, that's the way you build the bridge accounting. There's not four methods of accounting. There's one, there's accounting done right?


And accounting done wrong. Teachers lesson plan, they often were married to policemen. That was very interesting. Law enforcement, number four, account lawyer, I mean, business person. They're running a business. They're, You know, have to have a system. Lawyers, there's a system of law, even though we all laugh about it. But I mean, there you do certain things in a courtroom a certain way or the judge puts you out. They don't, you, you don't have six different ways to try a case. There's a set of standards, it's a process. These are all process people. So what they did is they figured out the money process and they did it, which was save and invest, live on less than you make and pay off your house. And they just, and they just worked the process.


And so if you're, you know, If you have a master's degree in art appreciation, you're, you know, you're at a disadvantage because that's all creative, subjective, not objective. And you're not process driven. So you can do it, but you gotta adhere. You have to submit yourself to a proven process and you don't get to make up your own version. And that that's who wins. And so my investments, I, I've studied wealthy people for 30 years. They invest in things. They understand, like the guy with the dirt, he understood dirt. So he bought dirt and they avoid debt by and large.


Not all of 'em, but most of them. And their investments are usually fairly boring. It's not some super sophisticated family partnership, double back flip. Trust that none of 'em have that. That's, that's something on a movie or something. These guys just put money in their 401k paid off their house. I mean, so I, that's what I do. I buy mutual funds and I buy real estate that I pay cash for. And I own Ramsey. Those are my three assets. And you've been on my farm, you've been on my house. But I, I mean everything, we just pay cash for it. And this campus, I pay cash for it, you know, everything.


And I love real estate. I'm buying a piece right now. I'm working on LOI today, a letter of intent today on a nice piece of commercial. I love real estate, but I pay cash for it. And, and I put money in mutual funds. 'cause I believe in the American economy, mutual funds are 90 to 200 of America's best and brightest companies that are growing. I just don't think you can beat that. And so I do. And I, that's why I don't do the fad stuff. And, and I'm not taking a poll. I went broke. I'm, I don't care what your opinion is, I'm, I'm gonna do this. And I don't need to impress anybody with the, with how cool I am because I'm not, I've ceased to be cool a long time ago.


So that's how we do it. Be pretty Damn cool. That's how we do it, dude. Thank you. Well, Dave, there's, I mean, there's just so much knowledge and wisdom in here. I mean, everything from, you know, how you run your business, how to be a father, how to be a good husband, I mean, just hiring, firing, all kinds of, of, of, of wisdom in this. And I just, I really appreciate you coming on and I'm Honored. I've been wanting to do it a while. I'm sorry it took so long to get around to it. No, I treasure, I treasure our friendship too. Me too. And I'm, I'm enjoying watching your, your spiritual journey. It's, it's a lot of fun. Thank you. I'm real proud of you.


Thank you. Well, God bless you Too, sir. Cheer NBA veteran Jim Jackson takes you on the court. You get a chance to dig into my 14 year career in the NBA, but also get the input from the people that will be joining. Charles Barkley. I'm excited to be on your podcast, man. It's an honor Spike Lee, entrepreneur filmmaker Academy Award winner Nixon. So now you see I got you. But also how sports brings life, passion, music, all of this together, the Jim Jackson show, part of the Rich Eisen Podcast Network.


Follow and listen on your favorite platform.