
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see cdk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms. Apply


For a first time. I can tell you I man, don't feel good about it, but you know, that's war. How Many enemy combatants do you guys thinking that Day? They started stacking up the dead bodies so they could climb up on the bodies so they could shoot down at us. So they were using the bodies as a barricade. Yeah. Men who had been wounded, they would disempower their head off to stick their in the, in the cavity where the bows were. Jeez. John Stryker Meyer, Welcome to the show. Honored To be here. Honored to be in the seat. We're a legend. Sarah. Super bad have sat previous before me arriving.


I'm honored to be here, sir. Well, I'm honored to have you. Thank you. It's Been a long time coming. We've known each other for what, Almost five years now? Five years. Has it been that long? Yes sir. 'cause I saw your podcast first one, your Shawn Ryan Show, no matter 0 0 1 with you and Mike Glover. I saw that and I couldn't believe it. I knew Mike because he's special forces and we had heard about some of the other Navy SEAL podcasters that were popping up and at that point, five years ago is when I met Jocko Willink and I said, who's this Sean Ryan Guy? I listened to that show. I was like, oh my God, I listened to it twice.


That was such a gripping, like a different feel to it, particularly when you and Mike were sitting there talking about how during your mass depresses times it's like, oh my god. Yeah. But it wass really well done. Thank you. And I've been a fan ever since. And then I said if when we moved to Franklin, we were running in Franklin for a couple months before we bought our house, and I reached out and you said, yeah, let's get together for breakfast. Hell Yeah, man. I'm glad we did. Me Too. Glad we did. But yeah, it's an honor to have you here, John. It really is. Oh, well, my pleasure. I've been saving this. I've been saving this opportunity and so it's, I've really been looking forward to it and it's gonna be a long day.


Hope you're, hope you're ready. I'm up for it. Absolutely. You kidding. Because there's other podcasts, but yours is different. And it's the details. And even like you and I were talking before here about Tyler and what a great interview and those kind of interviews, that's what's making the new media today in America. Yep. People are turning to that for the truth. And then just your interview with Brett, I mean, I just turned it on for a minute and go, oh, this girl, nice young girl. Look at Ryan. He's doing, he's done this great show here. Brett Cooper. Yeah, Yeah. That was, oh God.


I know, right? I I kept listening to it. Anna's listened to it. 23 years old, who would've thought. Yeah. And she graduated from high school when she's 15. I barely got outta high school when I was eight. I Know. Me too. It's Kind of like this young lady is amazing. So you kept listening to the story and then what she's been through, and then when she lands at the Daily Wire and hits the Ground running, it's like just a, but that's the new media. Yeah. Because the old regular media is just the majority of them. Sad to say. They don't report the facts. Yeah. But, well, John, I'm excited, man. I'm, I've been, like I said, I've been wanting to do this for a long time and I just, We've been busy.


Yeah, we've been busy. Absolutely. And, and I wanted to make sure we developed a friendship before, before we got you in here. And we definitely did that, but we absolutely Did, sir. But, so a couple I want to, this interview is gonna be, you know, it's gonna be your life story and all about, you know, growing up Vietnam post service journalism. We're gonna hit all of it. And, and, but also in this interview, I'd like to get a couple of history lessons. Sure. So I'd like to get, you know, some history about Vietnam and some history about MACV SOG. And because a lot of people listening, including myself, we don't know a lot about that.


A lot about that war, what it was about. And there aren't a lot of, there aren't a hell of a lot of people to know about MACV. So, so Well, Yeah. I mean, look at today they do these on the street interviews when they interview the young Americans. Majority of them don't know the who, who was in the north and the south in our American civil War. They don't even know that. Yeah. Let alone North Vietnam and South Vietnam, what the difference was or what side we were on. And nobody gets the truth about the harsh realities of communism and anybody that linked themselves to communism that you've seen today with Sarah and her people.


There's, there are different brands, different names of repression and taking away people's rights and, but they're all the same. And thankfully you got people out here talking about those things. That's why I'm honored to be here. Thank you. Thank You. Absolutely. Well, everybody starts off with an introduction. So John Stryker Meyer, you are a US Army Special Forces Green Beret veteran who served in covert military assistance command Vietnam studies in observation group MV SOG or simply SOG during the Vietnam War running dangerous top secret missions in North Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia missions that you weren't unable to talk about for 20 years.


You're the recipient of two bronze stars with V devices, a purple heart and air metal, the Combat Infantry Badge, us and Vietnamese Parachutist badge, Vietnamese gall tree cross with palm among others. You completed your college education at Trenton State College after returning from Vietnam and worked as a journalist until 2008. You're the author of Across the Fence, The Secret War in Vietnam, and co-author of On the Ground, The Secret War in Vietnam, in SOG Chronicles, sharing your firsthand experiences and those of your fellow Green Berets, you are a host of the podcast SOG Cast, where you delve into untold stories of sob combat veterans, as well as some of the heroic aviators who supported Green Beret teams on the Ground across the Fence behind enemy lines.


And more important than all of that, you're a husband to Anna of over 30 years whom you have had five children. And most importantly, you're a Christian. Amen. Welcome To the show. Well, Thank you again. It's an honor to be here, sir. But you know, everybody starts off with a gift, John. Oh indeed. Let me guess even you, I hope it's, I hope it's legal in 50 states, Even you, Is it legal in all 50 states? I don't know. I mean, I don't know. They, I think so, but you know, with RFK in the house and oh d they're probably, they're probably gonna be illegal here any day, but vigilance league, gummy bears, I do believe they are still legal in all 50 states.


Very good. They are. I I can take it Made here in the us But sir, pretty damn good because we're here in, in a, in a gift exchange mode. I have for you a special gift that I brought today. I'm a member of the Special Operations Association and last year we had our, our 48th reunion Where we celebrated the 60th year since the sequel war was founded MV. So the military assistance, command Studies and Observations Group was founded and started in 1964. Last year was the 60th anniversary. And on that coin there, there is that picture on the back of a helicopter, which is from my personal time, which was Echo four.


We had a target, we had been in contact for four hours. The South Vietnamese helicopter pilot, captain Tin flew in hovered for 10 minutes while we struggled through elephant grass to get to the helicopter. He pulled us out and that helicopter had 48 bullet holes in it. Wow. Wow. He got us back. We get back to our base at FOB one in Uba. I go up, climb up, say, see you saved our as. Thank you. Come on into the club. I want to buy you a drink. He goes, I'm sorry, I'm flying home. My wife is holding dinner for me. Oh yeah. Damn. Yes sir. Man, this has my favorite saying of all time on here.


You have never lived until you've almost died. For those who fought for it, life has a special flavor that the protected will never know. Amen. That quote was written on the wall when I got to Afghanistan, really for the first time in the hooch that we were staying at. And I took a picture of it and still to this day, it's my favorite quote When I first got the FU by in 1968, if you're really a cool Green Beret, you got a zippo cigarette lighter. And I have that on my official FOB one cigarette lighter.


That saying is on it. Oh man. Absolutely. Very. That's part of our SOG history. Thank you. Yes sir. Thank you. And I got one other, one other thing for you. Oh no. Yeah. So, You Know, I'm happy with the Being a Christian 4, 4 4. You know what that means? No. 4, 4, 4. This is a number that appeared to me several times right after I, I found, found. God. Yeah. And it just kept appearing. And super long story short, I was driving right after I found God, I had these three appearances like right in a row that just slapped me in the face.


And I was, I was driving back to work and I had 4 44 on my clock. Oh, that's 4 44 gas left empty. And it was four hours and 44 minutes after I'd had this conversation with my it guy, Adam, about guardian angels. He wanted me to know that I had guardian angels watching over me. And so I called, I called Kimball who runs all the social media here. Yeah. And I said, Hey, Google, what, 4 44 mes? I wanna talk about this when I get back. There's obviously something. Yeah, yeah. And he looked it up. We got in, I got in here.


And it means your guardian angels want you to know they're watching over you. Whoa. Crazy. How crazy is that? Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Because there's no doubt in my mind that the only way I survived the sequel war was through the grace of the Lord. There were times when I should have been dead, so dead so many times and there had to be divine evangelical. I'm just a dumb ass city slicker out there trying to do the right thing by God and country, you know? But Thank you sir. I appreciate that. You're welcome. You're welcome. Absolutely. But alright, John, you ready to get into it? Absolutely. Yes sir. Where'd you grow up?


Trenton, New Jersey. He had a capital of New Jersey. We were there. Dad was a milk man and I grew up in the milk truck, but dad devout Christian and mom was a, a church organist and choir director and a piano teacher. And so they met at a church in Trenton. 'cause mom drove down from Bellmead, which is about 20 miles away to play organ and tend to the choir. Well, dad could, he was a good musician, but he couldn't sing for, he, he was a horrible voice. And he is young. But he joined the choir. He joined the choir. He did, he met Dorothy Grace Striker.


And then January, 1943, they were married up in Harington, New Jersey, the Dutch Reform Church. And they lived happily ever after. And so three years later I was born Nineteen forty six, nineteen forty six, seventy nine years old. Yes sir. And grew up on a milk truck with dad. Watched him. And we, we had common interest in baseball 'cause that was the sport then. And we'd have our catches and worked a lot at church. We had a church community there and just grew up there. You know, every Sunday in the early days, dad's dad delivered milk seven days a week.


So on Sundays we'd get up, do the milk route, change, hit, get to church on time. Wow. Absolutely. Do you have any brothers and sisters? Yeah, we have, I got a younger sister, Linda, she's up there in Lakewood, Cal, Colorado. And a little brother Dave. And he's in Aurora, Colorado. They both went west from Trenton many years ago, but they love it out there. And we lost a little brother. He was, we lost him at five months back in 1951. He had heart congestion of some sort. Oh man. That probably, if it happened today, they probably could have saved him. But in 19 and 1951, they couldn't, didn't have the medical procedures in place, man.


Oh yeah. What kind of stuff were you into as a kid? You know, I was just a goofy kid. Loved baseball. Started out as a cowboy, you know, my granddad Meyer bought me a cat pistol. Now we had no alcohol and no guns in the house. And when Granddad Meyer bought me a cap pistol, there were some issues. But granddad pulled rank on mom for the one time that I ever saw him do it. And she let me bring the cap pistol in the house. So we played cowboys and Indians, went to played little league ball. I was never the brightest student in school, but music could get it done well enough to, to get through the grade and get promoted to the next grade.


Play piano. We had a, You played piano? Yeah, I could read, I could read music before I could read words. Because you think about when music, you only have eight letters, A through G. The damn alphabets got 26 letters, man in kindergarten. That gets really rough. But I could read music before I read words. Do you Still play? I'm rusty, but yes, my mom gave me her Steinway. So I, I go up there and tickle the Harveys once in a while. How About Anna loves that. Oh, she does. Absolutely. Yes. She's my biggest fan. And we have stories about that. Like the first serious date we had, I took her back to my house and cooked dinner and stuff.


And I took her into the living room and I turned the light out. She's like, oh my God, what's gonna happen? I'm here with this Green Beret. She's apprehensive, but I, I played Chopin for her. Wow. And I figured this woman is such a classic. If there's any way, if she likes classic music, I can use this to try to gain her hand in marriage someday. And the rest is history, brother. It worked. It did. It worked. Thank gosh. You like Chopin.


You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating, but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested, qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


We know y'all love your guns. Now imagine kicking your shooting experience up a notch with a suppressor from Silencer Shop your range days get even better and your hunts become unforgettable. Shooting suppressed is cooler, quieter and honestly just a heck of a lot more fun. Yes, silencers are totally legal in most states. And silencer shop makes getting one easier than ever. Suppressors mean tighter groups, less kick and no more ringing ears at the end of the day. Whether you are after that trophy buck ringing steel targets or just enjoy the range with friends. Adding a suppressor transforms your firearm from pretty good to downright amazing silencer shop's got the biggest and best selection of suppressors. Perfect for any firearm and any shooting style. But they do more than just sell Silencers. Silencer Shop is out there every day defending your second amendment rights and fighting for our freedoms nationwide. Do your guns and your rights a favor. Head over to Silencer Shop and see how much better your guns can be. Silencer shop is the best way to get a suppressor. Must be 21 or Older, not legal in California. Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Washington DC This a is paid for by Silencer Shop.


What Else were you into? Were you a troublemaker? A little bit. Yeah. You know, but again, growing up in a church like that, and mom and dad were pretty close reins on us. And if we stepped outta line and even then neighborhoods, if Mrs. Roski saw me doing something like, Johnny, you shouldn't be doing that, she would kick my ass. And then she go, she'd tell mom and Mama Meyer when she's not happy, baby. So that between that and the church, you always had influences keeping you on the track. And by the time we got to high school, I was in the marching band for a year.


We had vocal groups I was involved with that played JV soccer. And dad didn't want me to play football. He was worried about my knees. He, because I had hurt my knee playing soccer in eighth grade. But I finally played football my senior year with Elvin Bethea and a couple other people. And my high school quarterback, as it turns out, Al Croskey was, he went MIA on a mission in Cambodia in February of 1969. Wow. So after February comes around, I think of my quarterback. But I, because I had missed the first two years I was on the team, did all the practices, went to all the games geared up, but never crossed the line.


But I loved it. I loved every second of it. So you wouldn't consider yourself to be an athlete? Yeah, not a very good one. You know, I just love, I love baseball. Such a head game. And I have a, a dominant eye. And when I grew up, you know, I, I wanted to be an Air Force pilot, had model planes and build them and it, I had a lot of ear aches. So mom would always get me in a little plane to make or Lincoln logs or something like that. But deep down inside I wanted to fly the fly a jet. Well, at some point, remember talking to one of the eye doctors saying, someday I want to be a jet pie. He says, nah, well your vision is not gonna work. So I settled for the next best thing, jumping outta airplanes.


Really? Yeah, of course. Plus, yeah, when I went through jump school, I had a, I had 102% pay raise because in, in the May of 67, when I go through jump school, a private, I was still, I think I was still a private E one. The pay was $50 a month. Damn. Now jump pay for an enlisted scumbag, you know, was not officers pay, but enlisted was $55 a month. So the first paycheck I bought my Cochrane jump boots and the rest is history, man. Nice. Yes sir. It has 16 jumps overall. So, So how do you just go from, I mean, did you, was it immediate? You were just like, all right, can't be a pilot.


I guess I'll jump outta planes. No, no. It was it much longer progression than that. It took me two years to flunk outta college. So I was there just literally just doing the wrong thing. I went in as a music major, transferred to, to be a phys ed major because the music department chairman learned that I was playing soccer. Says you either gotta be a music major or a jock. Well I don't like being talked to like that. So I went to the phys ed department and I knew the soccer coach 'cause I went out for JV soccer and I knew the baseball coach, a great guy. And so they signed me up, transferred to phys ed, still flunked out, took me two years, flunked out.


And that summer I worked at Yosemite National Park. And when I was up there, I got a letter from Dad, Hey, you flunked out. Be advised the draft board's coming for you. And I swear again, like this divine intervention stuff. Within a few days, I, my, one of my jobs was to pick up trash in the southern part of, of Yosemite. And it is in new, which is down by the southern gate, down by the big trees. So I used to go out and walk maybe anywhere from five to 10 miles, pick up the trash. And I got to the point where I had it really clean. So I would jog, pick up the trash, and I would go to a bookstore and get a book.


Well, one day I'd go into the bookstore and there's a book, the Green Berets. Now this is 1966, the summer of, in 1964, a Green Beret received the first medal of honor for combat in South Vietnam. And through high school we read that we, in the history class, it was mandatory reading of the New York Times back when it was a real newspaper. And they talked about Southeast Asia Kennedy assassination of dm, all that. And so we knew about it, But it was still far away. And if you gave me a map, I wouldn't have been able to find Indo China.


But I read that book and I said, son of a bitch, if I can make it with these guys, I want to go with them. 'cause I knew at that time, in 1966, you know, people were getting drafted, the draft was on and you got drafted, you would have eight weeks of basic training, eight weeks of advanced training, one month leave, you're going to Vietnam. Well, like I said, I'm a city slicker and I didn't have much experience with weapons. My cousins and I would go out and shoot when I would go up to my cousin's farm, shoot the shotguns and 20 twos, things like that. But not real training. So I figured with these guys, I'll get more training, I'll need that. So if I can do it.


So enlisted, airborne, unassigned went through basic training at Fort Dix, New Jersey. And one of my medals that I'm really proud of is the expert badge for shooting. I. We qualified in the M 14. It was when we went to the range, it was two degrees below zero and my two degrees below zero. And you're calling qualifying damn. And my last shot, I got 60, which you needed to be an expert. I, I polished that medal up and wore it proudly for my entire time in the military. After that we had advanced infantry training. And then during advanced infantry training, they had the, when it was a rainy day, they would take us to a big auditorium.


Everybody would sit on the floor, it would be career day. You learn about different moss. So we're sitting on the floor and it had a stage up front with steps on each side. And you had these cooks that would come up, the military police would come up and the cooks were like, Hey man, come with us, you'll never be hungry. Okay. But none of those guys were in shape. And other people, signal Core came in, crypto people came in. The very last guy was a Green beret, a little, little tough guy. And it would be raining. That's why we're inside. We're all sitting on the floor. He comes up, walks through us, did a vertical jump on the stage, turned around and goes, I'm here for Special forces.


I'm looking, I'm a recruiter. Anybody interested to see me? Anybody here interested? Well, I jumped off the floor, I read the book. Me about oh four or five other guys, I'm looking around like hundreds of people are sitting on their ass. Said You guys are going to go to Vietnam in a couple months. Oh, if I can get in with these guys, I wanna get some more training. So yeah, that was it. Went down, did the psychological tests and passed all the tests, the physical stuff and the, how Tough was it? How tough was the physical test For me? Not tough, but I was in good shape for running, swimming. I could swim enough to survive. Not, not like seal swimming, but just enough to get that old si worst comes to worst, hit the side stroke and just go to the cows, come home, You know.


What was the psychological test like back then? I Don't know. It wasn't too bad. You kind of figure there's a couple, you know, that are trying to lead you a certain way. So you want to answer it. Just make sure you're right. Well anyway, whatever it was. Fuzzy bunnies. That's what I tell everybody when they're getting ready to take the psych test. Just think fuzzy bunnies. Yeah, For sure. So he, so the final day comes and all the people that had signed up were there. And so he dismissed the people that didn't make it. And there was a bunch of us, he brought each one in one at a time. I'm the last one. He brought me in and made me stand there for like, it felt like an eternity.


And so he finally, he goes, okay, Meyer. He said, you're lucky. They lowered the standards. So he, he either busted my chops or they lowered the standards. Either way I was, I said, am I in or not? He goes, yeah, you're in. So we went for an air, had jump school at the Fort Benning. Had a zero week there and bought my first pair of jump boots. Began to polish 'em up three weeks. And it, throughout that time, it's like that harassment thing, you know, just like in the movies, it's the same and it jump School school's a little different. They literally throw you outta your bunk at two o'clock in the morning.


It's kinda like, okay, I seen the movies, I know how this plays out. So we went through it all and then we had five jumps to qualify and went through that pretty much without any major injuries or anything. And then we went to Fort Bragg and we left on a Friday night, packed us up on the bus. Drove from Columbia, Georgia or Columbus, Georgia up to Fort Bragg, North Carolina going, we don't get there till 11, 12 o'clock at night. So the bus comes out, everybody gets out. We're just waiting to get screwed with, you know, have people come out and harass and haran and stuff. And we're all standing around.


Some guy comes out with flip flops and shorts and a shirt with a clipboard. Welcome to Special Forces Training Group. It's Friday night. Here's the barracks for a temporary barracks. You all go find a bunk. Now are, is anybody here hungry? We got the mess hall over here. The cook is there making some sandwiches. If you want go. What? The cook's gonna make sandwiches for me, a private first class. He kept waiting for 'em to screw with you, you know, and they didn't, so we were there for the whole weekend. He says Monday morning there'll be a formation, be there. And that was it. So we went to all the meals. The mess hall was the little PT just to stay in shape and began training.


So that was May of 67. How, when did the Vietnam War start? Well, on officially it was in the early seventies, like 56, 57. We had Green Beret teams that went over and the CIA was working with their programs there. And after Kennedy became really unhappy with the CIA after the Bay of Pigs and a couple other incidents, they put, what was the Bay of Pigs? It was the invasion of the, the CIA was working to take Cuba back from Fidel Castro. And it was a completely botched mission. They had planned to attack, go in and then win over the hearts and minds of the Cubans.


And the people that worked in the operations side of the CIA had a different location planned. And a key part was going to be air support with a One Sky Raiders and anything else. But somebody changed the plan and they put it in the Bay of Pigs, which was not as well of an area. The other area had train lines, highways, mountains, where people could go hide in the mountains from the, any Congress that would come hunting for him. But this area, the Bay of Pigs was also where Fidel Castro took vacations. So he and his people knew it. Anyways, that invasion attempt was failed and Kennedy refused to give them air support.


And that was the, that was a big incident that blew up nationally, internationally, embarrassing to the United States and to Kennedy. And by at the end of 63, they took away the covert side of the CIA in Vietnam. And they formed M VOG in, I think it was January, 1964 was officially announced. So the Military Assistance Command, Vietnam Studies and Observations Group was formed up. It took a while to get things in place like any military operation. But by 65 we had people who were beginning it formed.


They had a base up at Cam Duck where they were doing training and they began running missions across the Fence. And some of them would be, they just, those days, You know, the NVA didn't have their act together in layoffs or Cambodia. Our guys could go, they would patrol in, but they often made contact if they were in. And by the time I arrived in 1968, they had the NVA had 25,000 troops in layoffs. What does the NVA stand for? ERs? North Vietnamese army. It was officially the people's Army of Vietnam. But it was the North Vietnamese army for us, it's the NVA.


And they were trained up north, had training from the Russians and the Chinese. And like by 68, that was our worst year in the Vietnam War. The highest year for casualties amongst all US troops. Because you had to Tet offensive in the beginning of the year as well as saw we had the highest year of casualties that year. So that's just the way that went. I don't know if we could get back to the, some of the beginning stuff. Been wandering a little bit. Yeah. Now let's rewind a little bit. Yeah, please. How, how old were you when the Kennedy assassination happened? I was in high school. We were in choir practice. And the choir director, who was a Navy veteran, somebody came in and talked to him.


He stopped and he turned around and then he came back and faced us. He said, we're done. He says somebody just shot the president. So I was 17 at the time. 17, yeah. In high school. And we always had choir practice in the auditorium and everybody was stunned. So he said it was, it was always the last class of the day. He said, if you all want to go home early today, you can, you're dismissed. And he, he was weeping and Harry Mold was tough, but a great guy. 'cause I was a, we had music classes, we had been in the band for one year and vocal.


We had a male glee club, had the chorus and then there was a special group. And we would meet in the mornings at the, an hour before school started. And we'd have practice with the special group. There would be, I forget how it broke down. I think we had like 12 guys and 12 girls that were taken outta the choir. And we had practiced special numbers, did a little choreography and everything. And, but Harry's just a great guy. Well what did you think about the Kennedy assassination? Oh, it's Outraged. Just couldn't believe what happened. What was the pulse of the country? Just total outraged. Just to think that some, and again, we're just reading from the media, Oswald, some scumbag that had been to Russia was able to get up to the book tower and, and to, to shoot the president in Dallas.


And you knew that there was a lot of political strife down there. It was not, it was not a, a democratic stronghold in Dallas at that time. And there had been, we had heard within days that Kenny had been advised not to go to Dallas because of hostilities or hostile attitude towards him. And as it all evolved, as it evolved, then when Oswald gets killed, you figured that we've lost a source of what, what really happened that day. Hoping that somebody gives some truth serum or something and say what really happened here? 'cause he looked too stupid to be able to do anything that would be that sophisticated to get a weapon and go up and kill the president and go into this building that you just assume the CII mean the Secret Service would have more of a protective before they go into a target area before the President goes anywhere.


They look at all the buildings and suppose to scope those things out. There's a lot of questions asked, but even in my little furtive mind. Yeah, I mean, just go down a little rabbit hole here. I mean Oh yeah. You know, all these years later they're getting ready to release the files supposedly. You know, I know they released a bunch. I don't know what's in 'em yet, but I mean, what do you think? What do you think that was? Well, recently Glenn Becker has done some, some stuff on a di a little bit of a deep dig. And when he talked to, to Cas Patel Cas said, when you look at this stuff, it's not who it's what was, what was going on. And so they're beginning to roll up a lot of strings that are coming off of that from, you know, apparent CIA involved in at some level.


And on the internet there's at least one guy saying I killed the president. And I've never listened to it because I just figured he's a kook. But again, Glen Beck is saying at least there was things there that there was CIA involvement and you know, when we were involved with the CIA most of the times it was doing things that were mission oriented to hurt the communists. So everything was like mission oriented and you know, we had mixed emotions dealing with the CIA, even in 68 and 69. It's kind, it was a one way street. Give us information, but we'd never get anything back, which is fine.


We're, we're training professionals. We're out there snooping the poop and like one of the things we would do, we'd do wiretaps and the CIA says, if you listen to the wire, there's nothing going on. Tape it anyway. Tape it. We have at that time state of the art cassette recorder where they cassette and then the wire would go up. And then our, our little people, that's an affectionate term for my South Vietnamese. We had them trained up. They would climb the pole or the tree, tap the, tap it in. And then if it was on a telephone pole, they took mud with them and they would cover the wire. So anybody going by, they wouldn't see the wire.


And we would tape it. And when we were done, we turned in all the blank tapes for us it sounded like blank tapes. But the CIA would amplify it a hundred times. And they said they were able to get great intel off of those tapes. Wow. To me it just sounded like nothing interesting. But if the CIA's happy, I'm happy At least in that case. And we get it would to be a couple other war stories later. We have some CIA angles, but let's get back to our rewind. Yeah. So let's, so back to you show up. Yeah. Special forces training. Yes. You get the weekend, you get your sandwiches made for you. Yeah.


What was that Monday like? Oh, from that time on it was just like, I couldn't believe I was there. It was just growing up as a kid and thinking about this is an opportunity by now everybody knew the green bets, the song had been out the Ball of the Green Berets. And so the book had been out and of course Roger, Roger Donlin was the recipient of the first medal of Honor from the Vietnam War. His a camp got overrun in July of 64. He earned a Medal of Honor.


So that was the first Medal of Honor awarded by President Johnson to Roger, who fortunately I became friends with years later. But, so we knew about that and knew about that history and more stories were appearing in the paper in 65. You had the eye drag valley with we were soldiers once that story, I mean never told that way in the media, but took the movie and the book that, that Joe Galloway did that was just give you accurate insights into that. But that was an obvious escalation. We knew the one 73rd Airborne was there, the Marines were there.


And you know, you have footage, there's footage of the Marines going into Den Nang. Well the, the special forces story side of that, the marine photographers were really pissed with the Green Berets when the Marines invaded Denang when they went in with their beach of salt because some of the Green Berets had been out water skiing and they're in the background water skiing. So they had to edit out the Green Berets water skiing. Oh shit. That's one of my favorite. That's hilarious. Oh yeah, absolutely. So there's the fun side of life there too, you know. But What was the training like and how, how many, how many of you guys were there?


You know, it's, I, I'm no good on numbers, but I was strictly focused on me. Got to know a couple guys and, and in the beginning we had phase one, which is general training, you know, mission map, reading orientation, can you get to point A to point B? I instantly found a guy from Texas who had grown up in the woods. Me and him were really good friends 'cause I knew I wasn't quite sure of my compass trainings and bearings that way. But we got through it all. Had a little bit of hand in hand and forced marches, things like that. And then after phase one you went to phase two, which was MOS training.


So with special forces you have five moss, camo, demolitions weapons, intel and medics. And the medic course at that time, the Green Berets, as they are today, the medics are the best in the world. Their training was over a year long now. In fact it was so tough. I knew that was an MOS that I couldn't take because they had classes. They would go in and do a class all day and first thing in the morning they would be getting tested on what they, what they had been taught the day previous. And they, they lost a lot of people 'cause that was a rigorous course. And then when they're done, you had the dog lab where they would wound the dog and you had to patch up the dog, sew its leg back on and then they would go to emergency rooms around the country.


And they still do this today with the emergency? Yeah, They still do it. Oh yeah. Seals send their guys to the Yeah, sure enough Delta. And we had, for years the seals were coming through that me course. Now I don't know if they still do or not. 'cause the seals have expanded so much of their training back Then. I don't know when I was then that were still doing it. But yeah. But it was good. And so that's our MOS And so I got comm at that time as Mor code was the key part of the comm. We had other classes on, on, you know, just FM radios, AM radios, handheld stuff. You had the basic train. But the hard part was the morse code, myself, Johnny McIntyre, Tony Harrell, we all flunked out.


We got, we got recycled and when we got recycled there was a sergeant first class Villa Rosa. Paul Villa Rosa. He took us under his wing. Now he had been the no three times on his neck was a tattoo cut here. And he was tough and he was amazing. He could, he Tattooed a line that said cut here. Oh yeah, he had on his neck, he had a couple other tattoos, which I don't remember. But he was an amazing morse code. He had been in, in the maritime service previous as a communicator. And he could take, he could do morse code with both hands.


He could send and receive at the same time. And his speed was so fast and they had the thing that's called the bug. And the bug was a, a hand help for you to do your morse code signals. But it was really fast. Well he would make that thing sing. So he took us in, he came in at night, we could come back at night for extra. He would be there with us. We went in for the weekends. We finally got with Morse code, you had five letter groups and you had to get 15 or 18 word groups per minute to graduate from Kamo.


It took a while, but we, we made it. But what was, so you wanted to go to Vietnam? Yeah. I seen all the war movies you grew up with, with the Duke and everybody else with the rumor movies and God and Country. So what did you, what was it like for you getting trained by special ops guys that are coming back from Vietnam? It, you know, it was really, it was just, I just felt like I was in the element that it was new and different for me. It was so, so far out that I was just happy to be able to and be able to every, every time I graduated to the next phase, kinda like we made it, you know, I kept waiting for them to say like that recruiter, you're lucky you lowered the standards.


Somebody's gonna come along and have a reality check. So how the hell did you get in here this far, get outta here, go to go be a cook somewhere at a leg unit. You know, I kept waiting for that. But we kept going on and we made it through. How'd they treat you guys? You know, it was, it was different. It wasn't like basic a IT and jump school there. They gave you rules, you had to abide by them. They, whatever they told you to do, you had to do it. But they also, if you asked a question a lot of times they would answer the question. And it just felt like they were training us to go to Vietnam.


And we knew that we had this mission against communism. We had seen what communists had done in Hungary. We had seen and heard about things in Russia and we heard about Mayo test tongue. We never realized just what brutal killers they were of their own people, mass murderers effectively. But we knew communism sucked. We saw Fidel Castro and what happened to Cuba. And so we knew that we're up against the forces of darkness at that time and we're training for that. And at that time, the Green Berets, only thing we knew about were the Green beret. A teams that went over. So you had an A team. There would be a senior medic and a junior medic and for all the moss.


And then you'd have the, the team leader and then there'd be an officer who'd be a captain and then there'd be executive officer. And, but the team sergeant ran the team. But there'd be that delicate balance between them. So that's what we trained up for. It was a teams going to Vietnam and through that training we came defined to the FTX. You put together your first A team with a without the officers. And we would go in as a team. We had missions, the common guards. We had to set up the wires. And of course here's army training. This is December, 1967.


Our training is in the RA National Park, national Forest in North Carolina. It snowed. We had like a foot of snow for our training prior to going to Vietnam, which is like the perfect, I see moronic WTF situation. You know, it's like what? We're going to go to Nam and we're here in the snow. And, and, and of course my, my Texas buddy who had got helped me get through with the orientation. We were in the comma together and he was, he was my joint mate. We were supposed to take turns sleeping well. He fell asleep on his watch. The instructor came by and tore down our tent, kicked our ass, put us out in the snow.


We survived it. Got through and put up the antenna and we jumped our jump. So we finally jumped at night and we jumped at night at 800 feet. And that's a pretty close jump. I mean the only ones I heard about some of your programs, some of the guys from today when they jump at 400 feet. And we had a couple guys later on with SOG, we had five halo jumps into layoffs. And then we had 12 or 13 depending who you talk to. Static line jumps, some in layoffs and then some in South Vietnam when they were supporting egg camps that were under siege.


But they would talk about jumping at 500 feet, no reserve because you just go out, the string pulls and you're landing. And in my case, 800 feet happened really quick 'cause I was the combo guy. So you had your parachute and your emergency parachute your equipment bag, your M 14 bag. And then we had an additional bag because we had to carry, we had a, our radio was a a, we call it the angry one oh nine. And you used that for morse code. And in order to get that radio, you had to have a handheld generator that sat on a metal frame that you sat on.


So you would have, somebody would sit there cranking the generator and then you put the antenna up and communicate back to base. Interesting. So I had the You had that metal seat. Yeah, the generator, which was heavy complete with the handles and then the radio plus the M 14 and plus other equipment, sleeping bag and stuff like that. So when he jumped, I was, I jumped heavy and jumped out. And just by the grace of the lord, again there was one little road and I came out, the wind took me and I landed, did A PLF there and went and did the FTXA field training exercise. We were out there for five or six days of nights, got through it, came back for some final classes and it was around, I don know, December 14th, 15 summers around there.


This is graduation, here's your certificate, congratulations. Here's your pass for leave for Christmas. In our case, the common guys, there was a bunch of us that went TDY to Fort Gordon, Georgia for 12 weeks of radio teletype could, the eight camps needed. And of course we didn't know it, but SOG needed communicators with top secret clearance to run the radio. Teletype. Did You know what SOG was at the time? We, you know, we'd heard something about a deadly top secret mission in Vietnam and it was scuttlebutt and you know, once and with our comma class, particularly once we got recycled.


So we knew all the instructors and they knew us. And so as you get near the end, they could tell who's gonna graduate. And at the end it'd be a coffee break or something. And we get to talk, Hey, you've been to Vietnam. They've all been there at least two or three times, like Sergeant Villa Rosa. And so we're going through this and they go, look, when you go to Vietnam, you're gonna get in country training. And when you're done with that, get assigned to an A camp. There's operations out there, people just die and they're gonna come out at the end of your in-country training. They're gonna say, we're looking for volunteers.


But they won't tell you what it is. Don't do it. Go to an A camp. Get used to Vietnam. Okay. So we go through our radio teletype training. Johnny McIntyre and I, we got busted. We got busted from a private first class to private uc, those legs down. They just didn't like us leaving base at night, going downtown to howl the wolves. So Johnny and I got going downtown to where? To to Augusta. We call it the Augusta, but Augusta, Georgia. Augusta, huh? Yeah, it was right outside. What happens in Augusta? Well, it was amazing. They had a couple really cool nightclubs there.


He could drink a lot. My dad was kind enough to let me take, take our Pontiac down there. So I had a car and Johnny McIntyre and I, we drove down, we were there. So at night they come by with a base inspection, like at 10, 10 30, all tucked in who we had our clothes on the second he left, man Bing, we're out to the parking lot. We downtown, the bars were closed at two o'clock. And Mack and I would go across the border to South Carolina. 'cause they didn't, their bars there were open until five. So we'd leave about four 30. As we get back to base, We would've got along great together. Oh Yeah, this is like, so at some point during this training, you know, McIntyre and I drove home and that night we stopped at a, at a, at a bar.


And John and I are sitting there on the tv. So this is now the Tet Offensives is kicking in and we're going through this training. And on the TV I don have a CBS. But here's a, you can see this grainy picture of a tank. And they said this is a NVA tank that broke into Lang vay, a Green Beret camp, which is in the northwest corner of South Vietnam, right to south of the DMZ, not far away from Laos. And this NVA tank tried to overrun the base last night. And those Green Berets were fighting for their lives. And it McIntyre and I go, holy shit, we're gonna die when we get there.


We drove home, took our money outta the bank. We didn't want our family fighting over our money. If we died, we go home, take all our money out, drove back to base. And every night we went out for steak. We spent all our money. Of course we went to the bars, spent It all in disgust Though indeed, there was a little sweetheart down there. Johnny had his good girlfriend and I met this gal. And before you we were done with the training. Then we had a month leave and then we went to Vietnam. I arrived in, in Vietnam at the end of April, 1968. So before we, before we get into Vietnam.


So yeah. Are you saying that when they would take these volunteers? Yeah, that was sob. Yes, absolutely. And they had a couple other operations by the time we got there. They had the Mike force with, which had been operating since 63. And the Mike force was the first QRF basically. And when the eight camps would get hit, they would need someone to come in to help them break. Break the fight. And Mike Force was just outstanding. We had a friend of mine, his name was Jack, Jack Tobin. He was in the Mike Force, had several tours over there, highly respected Green Beret. Met him years later, he was president of the Special Forces Association.


And I was on the Special Operations Association board of directors. And we met at the reunions. And Jack introduced me to a friend. He goes, this is my friend Tilt Meyer here. He was a SOG now in SOG. They'd be out there snooping the pooping. And he was just doing intel work. Yeah, they made some contact with the NVA, but with Mike Force, we were out there hunting for those commun motherfuckers. And that was the difference. And Mike Force would go out. They, they just had an outstanding reputation. They broke many a siege that the, A camps would be under siege by the NVA or end of Vie Kong. But that was the difference. But I learned that years later, in this case, we heard the scuttlebutt, We heard the scuttlebutt.


So we went through the country training, which is three weeks. So Can you, can you describe what the war was about at that time before you went? Well, we knew that the Vietcong and, and you, you heard about all the legends. The Vietcong is just the, the peasant fighter. The farmer by day, fighter by night, defending what he thinks is his country. They don't talk about any of the NVA, the communist people that are supporting them, that are in country that are with the majority of the Vecon units. And so we knew, and of course when we go through some of the special forces training, we're told about the communist, infiltrations told about how they're operating.


We, of course we had horror stories about what the Vie Con would do to a village or to people that weren't friendly. What Would they do? You name it. We had one of our medal honor recipients had, he was an, a special forces operation. They had gone into a village and worked with the people, the children there for a period of time. And it was, you know, strictly a hearts and minds operation. They would go in, the medics would go in, always do sick call every day, work with the children. They built some schools, other training facilities, things like this.


At some point the Vie Con came in and killed everybody, every man, woman, and child to send a message to any other village that would think about working with the Green Berets or Americans. They were just profoundly cruel and heartless that way. And you know, that shook John. How would they compare to like a modern day terrorists like Isis, Al-Qaeda with were there, beheadings were there. I mean, I, when they burn people alive today, in today in Syria, you know, they're crucifying people and shooting them at the back of the head.


Y they, the Christians there were hurt. I don't know if they would be specifically targeted. I Don't, I'm just, I don't mean just the Christians, I mean, I know, But here, so with, Were they gruesome burning people alive? They would, they would do it all, you know, during the Tet Offensive and the, and the Town of Way, which is the old Imperial capital, they had killed a bunch of civilians. Anybody who was educated, nurses, doctors, they took a bunch out and killed. And it had a mass grave, which received not enough publicity, but this is during the Tet Offensive. And we had other cases where they would torture people to get them to come over to the side if they did.


And they would kill them. And for me, when we get, How would they torture 'em? Well, you, you name it, they would do the fingernail thing, beat 'em up, get them to come around. If they didn't, then they would just shoot 'em. And you know, of course the guys that were in country, the a camp guys, they always had to worry about booby traps. Even if you saw the movie, the Green Beret, they had those big gy ambush things where if you walked in it, it would pick you up and then a rope would pick you up and your weight of your body would swing you into, like, punches that were all coated with animal dung.


So when you slammed into it, like, like in the movie where the picked up the one guy and his body was impaled on those punchy stakes and they had punchy pits, and if anybody stepped in it, you of course you have the infection off of those. And in my case, with Paul Villa Rosa, our hero, the guy that helped us get through training, he ran the first mission out of FOB four, his fourth tour of duty. He ran a mission into layoffs. They ran into a heavy unit. He was wounded, and at some point they, he was captured, they killed several other team members, but they kept one American alive, an SF guy who's, we never knew who it was, but Villa Rosa, they got him.


And they came in with a, with a flame thrower and literally burned him alive at the stake. And they killed a couple of other Vietnamese, they torched them too. So when we got done our briefing, we heard about Paul Villa Rosa, and it was like, that was culture shock to the max. 'cause here is, he was our hero. This is a guy did three tours, survived all that, and his first mission out of FOB four killed and tortured. Wow. And of course you always had the story, we had teams where men who had been wounded, they would emba cut their head off and stick their head in the, in the cavity where the bowels were.


Geez. And, and the other part was sometimes they would cut their dick off and stick it in their mouth and then put that in. Now I never saw that personally, Any of That. Say again? You never saw any of that? Nothing like that. But we heard about it and it was from our guys Before, before you went, you heard about it Some before and then some while we were there, other, while other teams had come up against. And so the premise of the Vietnam War was the NVA and the Vie Vietcong pushing communism into Vietnam. Right. And so where does, where does Laos and Cambodia come into play? Well, they were quote neutral countries in the beginning.


We had operational White star, which had Green Beret teams in Laos, a under that change of plan of converting to MACV SOG Kennedy. They had an accord of some, some kind of a political agreement that America would pull any and all combat troops out of vie out of layoffs and outta Cambodia. And the, and the North Vietnamese and the Congress would do the same thing. They, they were all there and they agreed to this accord. Well, of course the communists are just lying douche bags as we all know. And publicly they say, yeah, we're out. Well, in 57 they had started to open up the reopen, the Ho Chi Minh Trail, which went from Hanoi down to Vietnam across, down through layoffs into Cambodia.


And there'd be trails that would come in to South Vietnam. And that would be the Ho Chi Minh Trail. And that would be the way that supplies the manpower. And as early as 57, they began working on it. By 59, the borough in Hanoi said, we are going to form an official unit for the Ho Chi Min Trail. It'll be 5, 5, 9, may 59. So that's when it was formed. They had a colonel in charge of it, other people. So from 59 into the sixties, they already had rudimentary supplies and manpower coming south agents, et cetera.


And so we would go, not we, but they would go through that expanding. And so then the Air Force would start targeting the Ho Chi Minh Trail. And it, it wasn't just a trail, it would be different branches coming down and going into the country, into South Vietnam. And that's what that was designed for. And so by the time I arrived, our first, what Was what before we go there, yes, no, sure. What was the pulse of the country about Vietnam at the time? Well, we believed, we believed our presidents, even that lion scumbag, Lyndon Johnson saying that this is communism, they're here to take overtake the country.


And we were familiar with the Domino theory from Eisenhower. And here's Dwight David Eisenhower, our World War II fame, and a good president. And if he's saying we've got the Domino theory, they were of great concern to us. Well, we all believed them. And you know, anything we could do to stop Con is in having seen what it was. So the majority of the country, I would say, was very supportive of it. And by 66, you're beginning to get some protestors. And you know, there might be other quote Vietnam experts to talk about the protest and who was really against it.


But I, I always felt supported from the, from the beginning. And by the time we land in 68, there's now more demonstrations, some college campuses, whatnot. And, but I always felt like they're just so far removed from it. And you never know who's putting the anti-war sentiments in their head. And I mean, there are things that South Vietnamese did wrong. You know, president DM, who was assassinated with a coup in November of 63, he was really harsh. It was Catholics were minority, religious minority.


And then you had the Buddhists that were against him. And some of the things that that family did made it very difficult to support. And that then the media, of course would play up these things and report. That's what actually happened. But meanwhile, you had the communists that were coming into the country thwarting the people and wanting to take it over so that they could control the people and the land. And you know, like my classic example for me, once I got on my recon team, we had people, three members of our team had grown up in, born in North Vietnam, came south with their families in 54.


And they all knew our government is corrupt in South Vietnam. But we prefer corrupt government over communism with Ho Chi Minh. 'cause we could live here, we could still flourish. I can raise a family, I can do my crops. We know when the communists take over, they're gonna fuck you over any way they can, as only communists do. And they were willing to die for it. And that was my bond with my little people. And there are other people in Vietnam, again, there are some that didn't want anything to do with the war. And again, there's people like peasants who are there getting whatever they're told from the Vietcong or the local villagers.


You know how it is with the getting accurate information to Yeah. Out to the huddle masses. Well John, let's take a quick break. Okay. When we come back, we'll pick up with Stepping Ground on Vietnam. I'll Drink to that.


Want to help optimize your life? BOND CHARGE is a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products designed to help you perform better. And they've got your wellness covered. My wife tried their red light face mask and it has been a game changer. It's now part of her nightly routine and it could help you with reducing wrinkles and wound healing. Just use it 10 to 20 minutes a day while you're winding down. Their mask can help remove sleep. Disturbing blue and green light offers both near infrared and red light in one device and has zero EMF radiation or Flicker Plus, its lightweight and comes with a one year warranty. BOND CHARGE ships worldwide and has incredible products like EMF protection gear and infrared sauna blankets. There's a 12 month warranty on the red light therapy devices ready to feel better. Go to BOND CHARGE dot com slash ss and use code SRS to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A rge.com/srs. And use the coupon code SRS to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults and it's probably taking a toll on all of us. Armor Colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health, help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using ARMRA ever since. They sent me some to try and now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine. Now. I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try ARMRA dot com slash ss or enter SS to get 15% off your first order. That's TRY ARMRA dot com slash ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


My partner, the award-winning precious metals company, Goldco, has a special offer for you right now. You can get a free gold and silver kit. You'll learn about how gold and silver can help you protect your retirement savings. On top of that, you could get unlimited free bonus silver if you qualify. That's right, is a special offer for being a supporter of my show. You could get unlimited free silver when you open a qualified account. So don't wait. The sky is the limit With everything happening in the world today, it's time to learn about gold and silver. Get your free gold and silver kit from my partners at Gold Co today. Are your savings protected? Do you have a hedge against market risk and uncertainty? Learn why gold has been breaking record after record. I believe there's no better time to get your free gold and silver kit. Go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com.


All right, John, we're back from the break. One thing I forgot to do at the beginning is we have a Patreon account. Oh indeed. Yeah. Our Patreon account is, it's a subscription network and these guys, a lot of 'em have been with us since the very beginning and, and we built it into quite a community. And so one of the things that I do for them is I give them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. Indeed. So this is from Rich Benjamin, does Tilt think we waged the Vietnam Land War in the wrong country? How does he feel the end result would've been if we waged a land war in Laos and in Cambodia?


Good question. In the very early days, if we had really been in the military World War II frame of mind to win, and if we had, because the, it's been documented, the North Vietnamese most feared, particularly in the early days around 64, 65, that the US would cut off the Ho Chi Min Trail completely go in with a however do it. So in answer I, I mean I'm biased. I think that had we addressed that war as we did World War II with the wind mentality, not let the State Department dicta dictate terms such as when we have MACV.


So running missions, they wouldn't even let us run missions in Cambodia until 66. And when they ran the missions, they even dictated the type of weapons initially you could carry. And when I ran missions in Cambodia, I was down to TDY for a couple weeks. We had no tack air. What we had was helicopter gunships and we had the 20th Special Operation Squadron from the Air Force, the Green Hornets. Those guys were hot shit. I mean all of our helicopter, the majority of our helicopter assets were hot chip. But those guys were the hottest because they were, the Air Force had the latest state-of-the-art.


Huey's most powerful had the mini guns that were flexible. And they saved my ass. They stayed our team ass. So, and an answer to that I think would've been different. Mine High Pound Harbor cut off Cambodia. So they can't come in with the supplies, tell the Russians and the Chinese, we're not fighting you. But don't you bring supplies and cut off all the supplies? I think it would've been, it would've still would've been a long one, but eventually it could have been a different outcome. Thanks for answering that. Rich is a huge fan of yours, so I'm gonna have you sign this card for him. Gladly. And I know Rich, he was at our last reunion. He, he was a videographer there. Oh really?


Absolutely. He's got some incredible footage of a One Sky Readers and some interviews with our Sky reader. Pilots. Good man. Oh man. Well he'll love this then. Absolutely. I'll silent with a capital X just for him. Perfect, Perfect. Alright, so let's move into Vietnam. Yes Sir. So let's go all the way back. Very first day in country. Well, You know, I had, we had a month r and RI went up to my cousins, they were farmers up in New Jersey. I hung out with my cousins, worked the fields up there with them. It was spring, early April. And it just hung out there for a couple weeks with them. Went back home to my family, left and took the flight in.


And when we landed in, in Karon Bay, it was just like, it's just hard to believe, like you've heard, you've had other people describe this to you. But when you get to that door and the airplane door is open, you walk out and go down that first step, you look out, here's all these Vietnamese and, and we were told in training group, advanced infant training, everybody could be the enemy. So your first thought is, oh my God, these are potential enemies out here. And I don't have no gun, no nothing except my duffel bag. Right. And but the stench of the countryside, because they always had rice patties around and they used human, they def defecation to fertilize their fields.


And when it's about a hundred degrees, it just felt like I needed a knife just to cut through the humidity, to walk down the steps and the stench. It was just unbelievable. And we went down, had a little quick in country briefing, we got Transport the fifth Special Forces Group headquarters in the Tran. And that was in two core, had a beautiful beach. And at that point in April, 1968, that was where all the training was done for in-country. So we're there, we had the, I think it was three weeks of in-country training, everything from patrols and our patrols. We had no combat, no, no combat or of any sort, but we'd learned all the patrol tactics that they used and worked tack air helicopters had classes on again about communism and whatnot.


And we had every kind of helicopter except an H 34, which we'll get to in a few minutes. And, and then at the end of the training, oh and the last week they showed the film The Green Berets with John Wayne. It's like far fucking out man. Look at this. Hell yeah. Yeah. So the, so we get done and just like they told us in training group the last day we're there, you know, we had do all the needles and stick yourself and all this stuff. You know how to survive basic first aid stuff, combat wounds and things like that. Little guy comes out, we're looking for volunteers.


So my good buddy Johnny McIntyre goes for Watt Sarge can't say you're in, you're not. Well hell, we just saw a movie, what would the Duke do? I don't care what the guys in training group said, the Duke would go sign me up. So we all volunteered. All of you guys did. Yeah, a lot of us, the, we had gone through the con training together that Duke, we had been together for a year since training group, basically by the time April got there. So me, Rick Howard, John McIntyre, Tony Harrell, our hands popped right up into the air. We all volunteered. We go up to to d Nang.


And this is our first culture shock because we stayed at a safe house, a Ang Safe house. It's house 22. And so we go in and have food, eat, they got security, the area's secure. And they told us not to worry about anything, but whatever you want, you can eat. Just go up to the bar, tell 'em what you want. If you want to drink, eat, drink, be merry. And I forget what the prices were for the prostitutes up on the second floor, but we had lovely ladies up there that spread their wares around, you know. So that first day Mac and I we're there, we're eating and whatnot and they had a couple of bar maids there and one was really nice.


She was really educated, good English. So we talked to her and Mac and I both had girlfriends, so we weren't interested in anything. So she could tell that we were harmless. And we sat up with her, went upstairs, had to take a shower. So as we go up, there's this big open floor area with all these beds. You could hear a couple guys getting it on right there. So we'd go into the shower, there's a guy taking a shower and in the corner there's a young lady, squat it down, shaking that coke up and douching with a Coca-Cola. So we just found a new, a new use for Coca-Cola, you know, holy shit. So this is like growing up in Trenton, New Jersey.


Welcome to, welcome to South Vietnam. Wow. So that's a little bit of culture shock. So while we're there, some of the guys with the mic force came in and they stayed overnight and they were talking, they could tell that we're green as grass. So they had nothing to do with us because we're just green ass Green Berets. But they were talking about the shit they had been in and they had helped to relieve somebody either in the Asal Valley and the Asal Valley was up north right on the border of layoffs. And it was a very ragged border. But that was one of the main places when the Ho Chi Montreal came down, there's at least two separate branches off of the Ho Chi Montreal that came into the Asal that would then go into South Vietnam to away and then fu by and then that later down to Ang area.


So we were there just that, that moment of time hearing these guys talk about it and it's going like, ah, this is where we are. So what were they talking about? They had talked about the actual combat and they, and they were dirtied up. They had, they were just, they literally came in, dropped their gear at the gate and they're sitting there just talking obviously still sweaty and wherever they had been. And it was just like, okay, these are SF guys that helped some SF teams somewhere. Now, I'm not sure, I just, I'm just too long ago to remember because they, 'cause we're new, they probably wouldn't talk about the specifics anyway.


But they were in contact and they had talked about what the enemy was doing, how, how tenacious they were. So the next morning we, McIntyre and I and and John, we all get together to go to the D Nang airport to get a flight to FU by. And, oh, we had our briefing first, I'm sorry, we had our briefing. So in the morning we go down, we get a briefing, go into the room, curtains are all on the windows up front, there's a map with a sheet over it. And, and so we'd been students for over a year now between basic and everything. So we're all like pulling our pads and pens out.


Sergeant Major walks in, put that shit away. This is a top secret briefing. And right in front of you, there's an NDA read it and if you wanna stay, sign it. If you want to leave, you're welcome to leave. There's no hard feelings. And this is a top secret briefing. Said it again for good luck. So we all signed and then the curtain, they pulled the sheet off the map. So there's a map we're looking at, here's South Vietnam, what did the NDA say? Say, yeah, what did the NDA say? Oh, you can't talk about it for 20 years. If you talk about anything or take any pictures, you could be prosecuted federally.


And I forget what the ties were, but they had prison terms and fines that were all defined in the NDA. Had you, you talked about anything about, and the sergeant major, the first thing you said was, read these, you can't talk to your mama, your girlfriend or anybody. No pitches, no nothing. You can't talk to anybody about this mission unless it's somebody else that you're working with at your base. Welcome to the Secret War. This is top secret and your reports go directly to the White House. Okay, so there's the map. Vietnam I core is up north two core, which is pontoon the tang on the, on the beach three core, which is Saigon four core, which is much bigger, but it's all the swamps and waterways.


Just horrible, horrible ao. I never got down there fortunately. And we go through the, then look at Lays, here's target boxes, six by six target boxes all the way up and down. And then in the Cambodia, some targets. And so he went on to explain a little bit, this is what we do. We go across the Fence into layoffs or into Cambodia. You'll run top secret missions. You either be with a recon team or a hatchet force. So a recon team will be two or three Americans and you'll have indigenous personnel. And that would be, they could be Montigny yards, south Vietnamese, they could be nuns or Cambodians in some cases they have Cambodian hatchet force.


So the recon teams would be small units, like they could be teams that run a mission. Could be 4, 6, 8 maybe up to 12. And then a hatchet force is a platoon or a company size operation. And there you would have the number of green berets for each each squad and a platoon leader and explain that basic structure. So we all signed him, did the briefing, and then they took us over to, to get a helicopter up to FOB one. The next day we get the helicopter ride up. So again, it's culture shock. We had all that training with helicopters, but nobody told us about a king bee, a South Vietnamese air force.


H 34 helicopters developed during the Korean War and they're built by Sikorsky. They had a B 17 rotary engine that the pilots essentially saddle on top of. So it was a nine cylinder B 17 engine. And then the back had a, a passenger compartment with one door on the right side. And for where we sat, when we looked up, we could see the pilot's feet on the pedals. So we're down. And so for our flight it's like, what the hell is this? And all of a sudden here's a South Vietnamese guy flying our helicopter where we're used to Americans.


It's like, okay, here we go. And so me, Johnny McIntyre and, and John, we get in and As I sit down, I see the guy in a microphone, go, rah, could be we're green, you got new starch pad, new jungle boots and everything. So we'd go up and we're flying up highway one, going down highway one and it's just, it's just for a first flight. And so we're going along, we come, we go past the Fu Bay airport and we go past the second arb and training division. And all of a sudden the helicopter goes like this to a 90 degree on its side to a turn. And it did a 360.


Well I saw that guy, I thought they were gonna do something like that. But McIntyre and John Hutchins are going like, well fuck me the tears, what's going on? You know, they're hanging on like that and the, and the, and the door guard is going, we got him. So we turn around and we land, we get off the helicopter. A recon team gets on the helicopter Spike team Idaho, the team leader who I didn't know is Glen Lane. And his one, one assistant team leader is Robert Owen. I forget, he had four or six indigenous troops they take off.


Never heard from again, welcome to the Secret War. So we go into base sign in and as we go, as there's a long pathway. And the second Arvin compounds right here had a big fence. And then there's the road in. And then you turn left. There was S one, S two, S3. And then on the other side was S four for supply. So we go in report in S one and I come out and I hear this voice Tilt Meyer. And I'm with John McIntyre. So I was an A company in training group. Johnny Mack was in B Company and we beat his softball team in every game.


And the reason why we beat him was Spider Parks was our pitcher. And I hear Tilt Meyer Spider Parks, holy shit spider, you're here. We had gone through a training group together and of course he made fun of Johnny McIntyre because he's a B company puke, You know. And so then Spider took us around, showed us the the base and Mack went to a separate room and Spider said, no, you come down, you stay with me, you know us a company guys you, B company guys. You'd go somewhere else. So I went down with Spider, had a bunk with him and they were monitoring the team progress.


And after lunch, spider goes, you know, I'm going to go to S3, come along, I want you can meet the people in S3. He says, we haven't heard from the team. Well they never heard from the team ever again. And two days later, one or two days later, spike team Oregon went in with George Sternberg and Mike Tucker. They went in with, I think it was five or six in dig, they flew in to the LZ that Idaho had landed on. They found they saw some tracks in the grass that where the team could have gone.


They began to move following it, trying to figure out where the team might be. And they moved for short distance and they saw a checkpoint down on a road that was far off. I forget how far away it was, but bottom line, the NVA knew they were there and they turned around and came back and began to make contact with them. And the team went into a big bomb cra and the whole firefight started. They're in that bomb creator for a long period of time. And they started throwing hand grenades in and then they started throwing in American hand grenades. And so George caught the first hand grenade and threw it out.


And the second or the third hand grenade that came in, Mike threw one out, but the next one went down further and he couldn't get it in time. And when it went off, it exploded. It literally blew his jungle boots off, puts his Raul and the medic on the team was severely injured and he was paralyzed from the waist down from the impact of the grenade. So there's firefights going on, they do tack air. They finally bring in the first king bee, that's the code name for the South Vietnamese age 30 fours. First King Bee comes in, they get the wounded and the medic get 'em, put 'em into the helicopter, they take off, the second helicopter comes in.


And so it's just down to George and a couple of people and they're right in the middle of the firefight. They're going back and forth with each other. And again, tack airs being used. Helicopter comes in, George gets to the helicopter and one of the guys had been wounded. So he puts the wounded guy in. As he turns around he sees an NVA. Now George is left-handed. He turns around and this guy shot George with his AK and George turned around and killed him. But before he did, there's another NVA popped up, he goes to the NVA, then he shot him. Damn. Now he never knew this 'cause it happened so fast. But Spider Park saw him do it 'cause Spider was in the third helicopter was at what we call the Chase medic.


'cause whenever the first one or two helicopters designed for the team, the Chase helicopters there in case the other one gets shot down or if you need a medic. And so Spider was there on the chase ship, saw George do that. But they got pulled out and they were several months recuperating from those, from those wounds and things. And we never heard from Idaho again. So with our team, very, we were just, again, divine intervention in my opinion. We had Spider Parks who had been on Idaho. He had just been promoted to a brand new team. He's gonna be the one zero of another recon team. He had been promoted.


Glen Lane signed off on it, recommended he get his own recon team 'cause Spider was just really sharp and hep the interpreter who spoke four or five languages, he used to improve my English once I got to know him. And then Sal, who was the Vietnamese team leader, the counterpart to the team leader, the American Green Beret, Hep was sick, didn't go, Sal was not his rotation. They rotated 'cause they had a 12, 10 or 12 South Vietnamese on the team. So when you ran a mission, we'd only take four or six in dig with you indigenous personnel.


We just sat in dig and on this case, Sal missed. So with Spider he got Don Wilkin, who had some experience in country, rebuilt the team. Spider was the one zero team leader. Don was the one one assistant team leader. I was brought on as the one, two, the radio operator. And we rebuilt the team. Sal and Hep went out. They hired four, three or four new guys. Three of them were 15 years old, 15 years old. 15 years old. Son Chow and Cal were hired up, brought 'em in. And then Spider put us through the whole training process.


And he and Sal worked together. And every day we did everything from the Ground up. Everything from just basic patrols. We'd go out, go outside the base and then go down through the village and they had trails and things down there. And we would go down, do contingency drills, work through live fire. Then we'd go up to the range with live fire, do the same thing with the contingency drills, repelling off the tower and then just classes on basic first aid stuff. And then repelling from helicopters getting pulled down on strings. Because one of the innovations that SOG made was this whole extraction by ropes.


And so that was all part of the training. Even trained our team so that a helicopter would come in if we were, we'd be pretending that we're in a firefight. Helicopter would come in and with the H 30 fours when the indi would get in the helicopter, first one would go to the window on the left side and another would go to the window behind the door. So that would give us increased firepower on both sides. And then everybody else would get in the helicopter. And then you just, every kind of training you could think of. And we just went down to the range, put thousands and thousands of rounds, down range.


And that was part of the training up Idaho, St. Idaho food by FOB one. And you know Johnny Mack was the, he had the first mission. He went out and they had a team. They inserted an elephant grass and they had a lieutenant was a team leader and he jumped out of the helicopter before its wheels. 'cause elephant grass can be anywhere from like eight to 12, 13 feet tall. And spider told us, when you're an elephant grass, wait till you see the Ground. Do not jump. You can't see the Ground 'cause you might hurt yourself. What is the young lieutenant didn't listen to Spider, jumped out and broke his ankle.


So they were compromised. And because Mack was new on the team, they decided to pull the whole team out. Well, they came back, they made contact before they came in with a helicopter to pick him up. And Mac came back, goes, holy shit Joe, you should have seen this firefight. He said, these, these NVA are serious out here. And when he came back, put the lieutenant. And then on a 4th of July, John was working with his web gear and he cut through the web gear and it hit a bed, post it ricocheted up and came back, cut him through the lower, lower through the eye and threw his up here in his lid.


And it was like he came out and the medic said, we gotta take you down to the Marines. And they took him to the, to the closest medical facility and they passed him up a little bit. They said, we're going, we'll, let us sit overnight because we got a 4th of July party going on tonight. And during that night the infection set in and he took John back and we never saw John again until we got back in the States. He was medevaced. And it was like my best buddy went down. Damn right. Just like the on a on a on an accident. So, so trivial, horrible. Let's Talk about your very first mission with Song.


Well the first three are kind of boring really. They're very successful, minimal gunfire. What, what was the mission? They were to insert Air Force sensors. And by August of September we had the monsoons that were going on. So when the weather would break, we would try to run as many missions. So we had trained up, the Air Force had a three part sensor. They had a central unit with a antenna on it. And then it had a coaxial cable that ran for several feet. And then each unit, everything had to be buried with only the antennas behind vegetation. And so the first one we put in was in the Asal Valley, which was, at that time we had three Green Beret camps in the Asal Valley that were further south of where we went into this trail.


And each eight camp had been overrun. Just the NVA said, this is our territory. They ran those eight camps out and there's a great book out that's called Assau Valley and it just talks about that camp. So each of those three camps were overrun and pushed out. We knew that history. We go in Spider was the one zero. We took a an E eight with us from S3 who was familiar with the equipment. And we had another one zero very experienced Les Daniels from Spike team Rhode Island. And so because Don and I renew, the plan was we would go in and Don would take some people to the north end and I would take a couple guys to the south end of where they were operating and they would all in install those, those monitoring devices.


So we were on the Ground a few hours and this was the Asal and we knew the Asal by that time we had heard about it and it had this huge pongy piss. There had been a lot of rain. The monsoons had washed away someone to cover for these pongy piss. Some were as big for animals, but there were smaller ones. And as we were coming back, Don and I were walking past one of those pongy pits and he, and he slipped and started to fall into the Pongy pit. And I grabbed him, I said, get back here. I'm not ready to be the one one yet. I'm just the radio operator here. We came back, we got pulled out, we were working, the first cab did the insertions and the extraction on that.


And they thought that we, we were going to get hit hard being in the valley, nothing happened. And we had tack air stacked up. So we left the 51 caliber opened up on the east side of the Asheville. Well they hit that thing with Nate Palm, they hit him with a gun run. They wiped that 51 caliber out several times, but we didn't get shot at it. And then in September we did the same thing. We had another mission, we inserted the same device, but this time was just our teams spider. Don and I, we went up and what was the device doing? It was monitoring anything on traffic, anything that went by. They could tell from the vibrations what it was, whether it was people, animals or trucks or tanks.


And so they would record and then the Air Force would come by and electronically pick up the intel from that central command box we put in. Gotcha. That's what we're told. Now I'm, you know, I'm just like the low man in the totem pole here. So my job was, you're gonna be security, you're gonna go here, you see bad guys, kill 'em and if we need help you'll be on the radio call tack air. That was my job. So I don't anything beyond the specifics. Then the second one, Don and Spider did the assertion with Sal and Hep. They did the assertion, but I was still overseeing possible tack air if we needed it and security for one of the perimeters.


But it was in, it was right next to the case on Marine Corps base there. But it was one of the main roads that went past that went past Cason. What were you carrying For weapons? What was your Loadout? Oh, I had a car 15, which was a modified M 16, had a shorter barrel and then it had the first collapsible stock and I loved it. It was a great weapon and that's what I carried the whole time. So in the beginning I was only carrying maybe 500 rounds plus hand grenades. And by by August we had developed salt off M 70 nines.


We cut the handle down as much as we could just so you had enough to hold it. And then we cut the barrel back as close as we could to the end where the wood comes out of the platform to hold the bar, the metal barrel, cut it right to that. And we trained up on that because there's just extra fire power. So we always carry 10 to 12 rounds for that 10 to 12 hand grenades, smoke grenades. We had both large and small smoke grenades. And then in the beginning I said like around 500 rounds. And then Spider and Don and other teams, like I had talked to John Walton who had been on another team and they had a couple of missions where they barely got out alive and they ran outta bullets.


And so I then carried over 600 rounds and we had only 20 round magazine, no 30 round magazine like today. So you had 20 round magazine, but only 18 because we were told that if you had too many, the spring would not work. It may not feed 'em correctly. So we had the old BAR web gear, had nice shoulder pads, had pouches and the pouches could hold three or four magazines and then one on top. And then we had electric tape on 'em. And so that's what we trained in, just how to get those things out, swap 'em out as fixed fast as you could.


And what about A secondary Second? Say again? Secondary pistol? No, we had the saw off M 79. We always carried either double odd buck or fettes because we didn't, I didn't carry a pistol because most of the times we were so efficient at the quick magazine chains that if we were caught in a situation where they charged us and we didn't have a magazine, we still had the ettes and that double odd buck with the M 40, with the M 79. That was just devastating stuff. And then later some of our guys messed around, they began putting fettes in them.


What is a Fleshes? Like a small dart. And so when they would come out be just like a small parody darts and just kill anything in range. But then again it's close like a super big shotgun, you know Blade. Yeah, they developed some of those. Now again, I'm told this what I personally had, we always had a double odd buck and Doug and Lynn Black, couple of these other, they were all weapons guys. They were always tinkering with these things to improve them. And they'd had those flashes that they personally designed. They would carry a couple. 'cause if he needed it, that first round would slow down Anything coming at you Knife, I mean, Oh, I'm sorry.


We had a SOG knife, especially designed, we had our own supply system. CISO was based out of Okinawa and early on they were set up. So any supplies that went to fifth Vessel Forces group and SOG, sometimes things would go to the agency for weapons that they needed them. And they developed what was called a SOG knife. And when I went through my end processing with S four, got the web gear and everything, I got my SOG knife. And so we always carried that right on the web gear. On the on the shoulder straps.


Had the SOG knife right there upside down. So if you pulled it out, it's ready to go. Whereas if you're in a jungle, sometimes reaching out might be a little bit too difficult, but down here you can pull it out quickly. So that's where the SOG knife would go. Car 15 Magazine pouches, hand grenades. We always had to take a mask, a gas mask with us. And then we had after the second insertion of the Air Force sensors, we had a mission in the Asal Valley, But it was on the east side of the Asal. And Spider Parks at that time said, we're just gonna do a practice mission.


Our team's gonna go in another recon team's going to go in, we're gonna do parallel movements and if we make enemy contact, we're gonna have tack air stacked up. And we just want our team to get used to the new team. So we went out, made no contact, but the second night we were on the Ground. We were in an area heavily infested with mosquitoes. And in the morning, 'cause I, I had a night watch up till about midnight or one o'clock, but I fell asleep when I woke up in the morning. Mosquitoes had bitten my face so much I could barely open my eyes. I poured water on 'em and anything else just to get my face like all puff faced from those damn mosquitoes.


I've never seen anything like it. But the other team was so good they ambushed at Pat Lao Ambu that was set up for them. And the path, Lao was the Sian version of the Vietcong, but they weren't as good as the Vietcong and we didn't come into contact with them too often. But it, this other team ambushed them. So we got pulled out and Spider got promoted to Covey Rider. And Covey was our, was our Ford Air controller. And Covey was the code name for our fax. So it was the Air Force O2 at that time, a Cessna push pull engine in the front engine in the back.


And then Spider would be the cubby rider. And the way that was designed was he always had a cubby rider who had experience on the Ground so that when a team made enemy contact, the cubby rider could fill in the pilot as well as the team on the Ground and talk to them through experience. And so one of our learn greatest learning centers for us was in the clubhouse. All the guys that would come back from a mission, they would talk to us and there's a few senior NCOs like spider parks, pat Watkins, John McGovern, they would all answer any questions we had.


And when a recon team would come back from a mission, we would definitely talk to him if they would talk to us. And that's how I got to know John Walton. John was an SF medic and he was just an outstanding guy. And we met it as one of those deals where, what does your dad do well? Well my dad's a milkman back in Trenton, New Jersey. What does your dad do? He is got a five and dime story. He is running with his brother up in Bentonville, Arkansas. So what the hell's Bentonville? And we teased him more and more about Bentonville than, than we should have. But John was a good sport about it. So I got to know John and he had run a mission where they were TDY down in Cambodia.


They got put into a target and it was supposed to be a two day mission, but it stressed out the five. They ran outta water, ran outta food, and he came back. They were in a really nasty jungle, some kind of growth. But his arms came back, all cut up his pants and everything were torn. The shreds from the thorns and stuff. And they made contact. And what I remember most was John talked about it and he talked about every little thing. And that's when we began to talk. We bonded our friendship all, we played poker together a lot. John was a phenomenal poker player. And so that relationship grew with him and the other guys.


Whenever a team came back after a mission, if they would talk about it, we'd talk about to see if we could learn anything off of it. So I went through those three missions. Why wouldn't they talk about it? Well, some guys were just, we had one team that came in. They had a inexperienced radio operator that called in a a gun run on his own team, killed two wounded, a couple others. And sometimes things like that you just don't want to talk about. Gotcha.


When your metabolism is working properly, you can feel it in every part of your life. More energy, improved sleep. It's connected. That's why I started using Lumen, a powerful tool that helps me see real-time insights into my metabolism. Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. You just breathe into it and it'll let you know if you're burning fat or carbs. Then the Lumin app gives you a personalized nutrition plan to help optimize your workouts and even manage stress. It's best to check it first thing in the morning. It's like a status report for my metabolism. Plus you can test before and after meals or workouts to see what Lumen says about how your body responds in real time. Take the next step to help improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/ss for 20% off your lumen. That's LU me n.me/srs for 20% off your purchase. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring this episode. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA lumen is not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure any disease.


The only mattress I have in my house right now for my family is Helix. If I wanna sleep without interruption and without tossing and turning, I can always count on my award-winning mattress from Helix. They have an option for all types of sleepers. Like if you're dealing with minor pains, sleep apnea, or if you sleep too hot to get started, visit Helix sleep.com/ss. They can recommend which mattress will work best for you. You can tell they put their customers first. They helped me find the perfect mattress and they'll help you too. I know I feel well rested every morning after sleeping on my Helix mattress. And it helps give me extra strength to get me through long, busy days. It's definitely a major upgrade for my old mattress. And right now for my listeners, they're offering 20% off sitewide. If you go to Helix sleep.com/ss, that's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off Sitewide Helix sleep.com/ss.


So we had August the third, 1968 John Walton's team, which was Spike team Louisiana. They were into a target on the Ground. A couple hours they got overrun by the NVA and in between times, there was one time when John was sitting there and to his left was an indigenous soldier. One of the South Vietnamese. John was left-handed. So his car 15 was pointed this direction and he heard a noise. He looked over his shoulder and it was an NVA that popped up out of the jungle with a big chest shower grin on his face. He stood up with his AK and John saw him.


He's coming around. This guy opened fire with his ak, put four rounds into the South Vietnamese and was shooting at John. But John killed him, blew him back in into the jungle. So John began to do first aid patch up a South Vietnamese. This thing went on. They got overrun a second time and on the last time they, they were getting overrun. The team leader called in a gun run on the, on the team itself. And the A one Sky Raider made an A, made a 20 mic mic, 20 millimeter gun run across the team. The rounds killed one of the South Vietnamese team members. And the second with Tom was Tom Cunningham, who was the radio operator.


He came into camp on Sunday or Monday. This was Saturday, August the third, 68 and the gun run one 20. Mike, Mike Round hit his radio. This his prick 25 PRC 25 FM radio. The shrapnel exploded, wounding the team leader the second round hit his leg and took off his leg and he was flying through the air. He had an out of body experience seeing himself flying through the air with his leg dangling by Nu. And he landed, he called his name out and then he returned to his body. And within seconds, John was there and began to patch him up. He passed up the team leader who had been severely wounded also.


And they called in airstrikes. First helicopter comes in, captain Tin, who was the same captain that we talked about a little earlier. Tin comes in, picks up pea bogs Tom Cunningham and the South Vietnamese, who's wounded, the team member who was dead, they left him at the LZ because it's August, they're in high Latian mountains. He could only take three. So he took off, second King beat, came in and got shot out. The third King beat, tempted to come in and got shot out. Well, captain Tin heard this. He turned around and came back and landed and picked up John who was on the Ground with the South Vietnamese.


And he could see the NVA coming up there. They're going shooting in with their M 79 car fifteens. And John told the cubby rider, if you don't get us now, we're dead. Captain 10 comes in now the H 34 is too heavy to take off. He had the struts on the side. So the wheels, he lifted it up, gets running downhill, all while under enemy fire had enough lift just to get over the treetops, but not enough transitional lift to leave. He dips down into the valley, did two or three laps in the valley, get up speed all while under enemy fire.


Then takes off and comes back to the base. They went right to the, to the medical center. And even there, when they go into this, to the medical center, John goes in, they roll in, Pete Boggs was the team leader. They rolled Tom in and they put the third stretcher. John puts the indi on the stretcher. They're going in. They go, no, no, no, we don't do South Vietnamese here. 'cause it was an American facility. John turned his car 15 and said, you will do it or you'll die right here. So they let him in. So they heard about this exchange and the, they went to give Tom an intravenous 'cause he lost so much blood.


And because of all the commotion with John, they made a scene there, obviously. And the guy, the doctor was so upset he couldn't do it. So John went over, did the cut down and put it in Tom's Wow. Intravenous to keep him alive. Well, Let's talk about your first firefight. Well, yeah, 'cause my, and again, so these are the guys we talked to. I talked to John that day and just as a small footnote, he's lefthanded. He's dealing poker that night. So we're dealing the cards. I go, Hey John, what's this thing across the top of your wrist? Oh, I hadn't seen that. He says, it must have been from that NVA that that shot my, my teammate there. So when he was pulling his gun up his car, 15 they around, went across it took three layers of skin off.


Wow. Yeah. You talk about divine intervention. So we get to October, spider Parks is flying. Covey, Don Wolfman is now the team leader. I'm the assistant team leader. And we had Jim Davison that came on the team. We were assigned a mission for October 6th and for October 5th. Just a quick footnote, because this is one of our most historic SOG missions. We had a nine man recon team that went into the Asal Valley and they ran into 10,000 NBA and we lost three men that day. And the NVA lost 90% casualties that day.


They had a 10,000 man NVA division. And the reason why we know that Lynn Black, who was on the team, had had a tour of duty previous with the one 73rd. He took over the team. 'cause the team leader, the point man were killed. The team leader was inexperienced. He walked the team into an L-shaped ambush with 50 men. One of the men up there was a colonel, an NVA colonel. Well, that colonel called Lynn Black. 20 some years later, could they, the government had gone back to try to find the team leader's body. And Lynn had worked with the government, gave Matt coordinates, things like this.


Well, Lynn gets a phone call and this guy's a, he was a colonel in 68, but now he's a big general up in North Vietnam. He goes, he says, I was the commander that ambushed your team that day. So they talked back and forth and then at the end of it, Ling goes, we had a bad day. We lost three men. So we noticed from the colonel. He of course then a general, he says, we had a bad day too. Between your recon team, tack air helicopter gunships, you inflicted 90% casualties on our 10,000 man division. Wow. Wow. Now that's October 5th. At during the a, during their right around noontime, they talked about putting a bright light in.


And a bright light would be a team that would go in to get down pilots or in a case like this where a team was under heavy contact or if they got wounded, the bright light would go in to help relieve them and help get them out. So we were given bright light duty for that. But Lynn Black said, no, we got too much here. There's too much anti-aircraft fire. We don't wanna risk bringing another helicopter in. So we canceled the bright light. The next day we launched for the target. And that is the photograph on the front of a cross the Fence where we took pictures and we never did it again. Because if you look closely at the picture, Hep and Sal are really unhappy.


They didn't wanna take pictures. They were superstitious. But six man team, we got up early, launched into a target Echo four. We had two king bees for the insertion. So Don was the team lead. He jumped out first and we were, the helicopter came in with the right wheel and the right door facing a bomb crater. And there was elephant grass on the bomb crater. And the helicopter, because of the time of day was warm, it was kind of moving up and down. It couldn't come to a complete hover or stable hover because the other wheel was dangled up the side. So Don jumped out and disappeared and the helicopter moved over.


I waited a little bit and I thought it was close to the, to the, to the bomb crater. So I jumped out, missed the bomb crater 'cause I was carrying so much weight. I rolled down the hill and then Don had rolled down the hill and then f who was our point man, he jumped out and landed on the bomb crater. So the second helicopter came in, all the guys got out, but Don and I had to crawl back up the hill up that bomb cra to just get to the damn team. And by the time we got up there, I was sweaty, I was ready to go back, I was ready to get back. I was tired. But we moved for a couple of hours. And then once we moved, we in triple canopy, we moved for 10 minutes, stopped for 10 minutes just to listen.


'cause the jungle had its own, own vibration of life. And when we stopped moving, eventually it would come back and you hear the birds, the crickets, the insects and all this kind of stuff. And the, the thought was, if you stop for 10 minutes and that doesn't come back, you got company. How did you learn that? Just from our little people. That's part of our training. We talked about it all the time. So we moved 10, 10 and 10 through the jungle and about, we've been in maybe two, two and a half hours. And all of a sudden there is this ruckus coming towards us in the jungle.


And it just sounds like, what the hell is it? The NVA? So we hear the noise fucks the point, man. He pulls over, Don gets behind him, I'm behind. And we got the car fifteens out, getting ready to pull the pins off the hand grenade, you know, you know how the pins go through, get it ready so you can pull it quickly. And we get online. Here they come. We got overrun by monkeys. By monkeys. Monkeys, what do you call a flock of monkeys? A herd of monkeys. I don, let's call Friberg a flock of monkeys. Overran. It had to be combi monkeys. But the overran us, we were sitting there going, oh Jesus.


So we put the pins back in and get everything back, get back online. How many monkeys were there? A lot. We didn't take time to count. We were just so happy to see monkeys and not NVA soldiers ch charging at us with AKs. So we moved maybe another hour or so, got hit by bees foot got stung, Don got stung really bad. So we had to stop putting mud on the, on the B wounds. And we moved for the rest of the day. By around about four o'clock or so, we began to hear trackers shooting. And the NVA, when they would knew a team was in the area, they would have code back and forth with weapons. Of course they had radios of some sort, I assume.


And we heard them begin to shoot. Sometimes we could never quite tell if they were trying to direct us into away to go. But our mission was initially a area recon just to find out what was going on. But he told us that there was an American POW camp that was in that target box. So Don was like, that's my priority mission. If we can get to that American POW camp, that is what we have to go for. So in our minds, that's what we're going towards. We move up until last light, we get in and set up an RON, the rest overnight slot.


And right before, right before final dust at the last five or 10 minutes, a gunshot from one of those trackers who had come within 10 yards of us. And that was jarring and they fired that shot off to have them that close. So we set up the ROM, we put out claymore mines at night and of course with the, during the night we would take turns rotating and my tour duty was around one o'clock. So within 10 yards, somebody 10 yards. 10 yard. Yeah. But again, the jungle's so thick you couldn't see, I mean with triple canopy, like I could see Don when he is in front of me, but I couldn't see the point man who Don could see and the person behind me could see me.


But, and that was hep the interpreter and hep couldn't see Dawn. That's how thick that vegetation is when you're moving. That's about the width of this room. Yeah, absolutely. We'd have our six men in this, in this area and not able to see each other. Wow. Sure. So, So you guys only moved during the daytime? Oh yeah. We had, we would've, we would've killed for some of your nos. And so we set up the RONI was up at one o'clock and I heard something move, I could have sworn it moved and it finally got in front of one of our clay wars. I couldn't tell if it was a tagger or if it was that, that the, the tracker.


I wasn't sure. I told Don, I said, look, I've been listening to this thing. It's in front of the claim order. Of course what we had been told was the NVA, if they had a chance, they would get a claimer and turn it around. So if you fired it off, it would come back and you'd get the whole blast of the ball bearings and the clay were mine. So I told they Were that good. Oh yeah, they done, they your if, if we had teams that they had done that too. So I told Don, I said, I think I got an NVA in front of the claymore. There's something out there, I wanna blow it. And he said no. I said, I thought he said go. So I clacked that.


I get that old MK 57 and clack that claymore, it goes off. It was quiet for the rest of the night. But Don was pissed. Sal was really pissed with me for firing that thing off. So first light we moved out, we moved again, 10 and 10 throughout the day. Ran about 12 30, 1 o'clock. We had the, we were trying to get up this one mountain to go down and it, and the jungle was so rugged with the rock formation and everything and the growth. There's like a little goat trail that kind of started down here and went up. And so we got out in the goat trail.


How Could you guys, I mean how do you navigate and shit that thick. Our little people were so good. Don was good with the compass and we just, you know, Sal and fuck Fuck was our point man for that mission. And then Sal had trained him up. So we told 'em where we're going and they knew they worked it. Of course, on that mission, Don was doing all the coordination between the point man and talking to Hep for anything further. So Looking, looking for a POW camp. Yeah. Within a target square. How big is the target? Square? Six by six box. Six click six click. Six click by six click. So how would you guys, how would you look for, what was the method to find a POW In This case?


We w we had to, we knew we had to move away from the LZ and go to a general area that the Intel reports were approximate where it was. So we were en route to that. We had been in the Jungle movie. It got so rough and we found this little goat trail. So normally we just stayed away from trails. But on this day we went out and by now I was the fifth man in the formation. Sal was the tail gunner. I'm fifth man Hep and then Don and then Flk running Point. And, and Robinson, our sixth man was between us. And so we're going up this trail maybe for, oh it must have been like a half hour or so.


We, we, we've really done some extensive climbing. It's pretty steep at one point when you get near the top and it start to turn, Sal is back there, says he and I, he goes, he makes this really loud hissing sound. I turn around and he's looking backwards and he's pointing down the hill. Where we had come, there were two NVA tall NVAs with pith helmets. AK 40 sevens at port arms stand there in black. And they looked tall. They may have even been Chinese. So I told Sal, I'm gonna get the I'm 79, put around on those assholes. He said, no, no tell Walen.


So I told Don at that point, he took us straight up the hill, got to the top of a little knoll. We got up there about two o'clock or so. And we set up a defensive perimeter up there. He says, get on, get on the line, call tack air. We're gonna be in a prairie fire emergency. So I get on the radio, make a couple calls, no response. And we were under perimeter. We had a little break, I'd get a can of apricots out. I could use a break. So I open my apricots, F Hep and Sal open fire. And then Davison opened fire and it's like Du Mamy and up the hill we're coming NVA and Sal had heard them first and blew them back down the mountain.


Well I spilled my apricot nectar, put the can down, get into the firefight and the firefight went on. They kept coming back at us time after time up that, up that little mountain, up the hill. But the hill was small enough that there could only be so many people. And some guys came up from the side and some came up from the left side, but the vegetation was rough. We're on top of that hill. Sal could tell 'em when they were coming and foot could hear 'em. And this went on. Now I'm on the radio. We have a prairie fire emergency. So when a team is on the Ground and when we're in Laos, not in Cambodia, but in Laos, if you call it a prairie fire emergency, any and all attack air that was within any distance would be diverted from their targets to come cover us.


And of course that would include the A one sky Raiders, the, the old Korean War planes. But those are the ones we love the best. They could stay on station the longest with the most ordinance. They could carry the same amount of weight that a B 17 carried in World War ii. So, but this was a single engine, huge engine. And most of the, most of them were single pilots. The A one E was a two face with a pilot and a copilot. But they didn't use those too much for SOG missions because they were just so, they just needed much orders so we could get, and nobody answered the radio. This firefight went on for well over two hours.


Finally, I forget, we made contact with somebody that may have been a, a phantom jet. He gets ahold of spider, spider parks comes over. We were close to this, the hill there with a little bit more open area. I was able to get the mirror flash, flash it in so the spider could locate exactly where we were. And then within a short while we had tack air. And How close were these guys getting? Well if we were like here, the jungle would be that wall and it would be coming outta that wall. Holy shit. So we're talking, Yeah, Five, six yards At the most.


And again, a lot of it's so weird 'cause the jungle was so thick 'cause they could see what they're coming towards us. If they're coming up the hill, they would be firing at us and then we would see the, the gunfire or their, or their feet or something from their bodies. First we would never even see their face of them. But they kept coming, you know. And at one point, and I forget if it was before or after we reached spider for the tack air, but Don Wilkin came over to me 'cause You know, sometimes there'd be like a little break and he goes, look at what they're doing. I couldn't tell. He says, no look. He says, you see the bodies.


And they started stacking up the dead bodies at the top of that hill because they want to get the bodies stacked up so they could climb up on the bodies so they could shoot down at us. So they were using the bodies as a barricade. Yeah. And to climb up on it. 'cause they knew that we had the advantage on the height and they wanted to get the dead bodies so they could shoot down at us. And they stacked them up. We stacked them up. You guys stacked them up. Well we killed them. Then they stacked the bodies. And it was like that stuck with me. 'cause if the NVA after you kill 'em and they put their dead buddies there to climb up to kill us, that tells you about the dedication of these guys.


So at some point I'm firing in into the, into next batch of, of NVA coming at us and F open fire. And I thought he was shooting over my shoulder. So my ear was shattered. I just couldn't hear for shit. And I didn't say anything because we were just so busy fighting. So the next day when we debrief in the, in the, in the hooch, we all came back at their mission. We'd always talk about it with the entire team was spider and the hep. At the end of it, I turned the fuck.


I said, fuck, why were you shooting over my shoulder? He goes, dumb ass. They were three NVA. They were crawling up the hill. They were aiming at you. I killed them before they killed you. And so I was so focused here and thank God folks saw them there. And so we went on. That was the first time. How did that, I mean how did that end? Well we finally had tackier and the first run we had was an A one, A one Skyra, A Napalm Run specific, I'll never forget it. And spider got low on fuel.


He connected me with the Skyra pilot. So he knew where we were. We pop spoke smoke. He came in and said we're gonna do a napalm run. And I told him, bring as close as you can. 'cause they kept coming at us and he, and he says, now y'all put your head down. It's crispy critter time. He came in with that napalm run. It's the first time I ever smelled human flesh burn. He was that close, just takes your air away, came back with gun runs. They did CBU runs, cluster bomb units. And then the, the judge and the executioner showed up and there were gunships attached to a from America division of 1 76 and the muskets.


And they had boarded with us at FOB one. So we knew them by name. And they did amazing gun runs on all three sides. 'cause they were coming at us from the front and on the sides. And at one point they were calling up the hill. I was on the radio with spider and I could, you could just see this guy crawling up the hill. So I'm talking to spider quietly and then the guy stuck his head up and it just fired one around. But I forgot to, to let go of the radio and the shot hurt his ears. But he could tell that we had been in this contact for so long. So finally he sees an LZ that we couldn't tell But it was elephant grass.


And the elephant grass is eight to 12 feet tall. And it was right behind us where we had no, or only minimal enemy contact. And he says, you just go past that, there's the elephant grass. And it was maybe again 10 or 12 yards at the most. But it was that thick stuff. So we go pushing through it But it so hard to get through it. I fell down, then woken walked across my back, all the guys walking on my back woke and fell down. We stood at his back. Meanwhile I'm directing gun runs with the helicopter and a king bee that came in on that coin that we showed you earlier.


Captain Tin from the South Vietnamese Air Force, the two 19 squadron came in and hovered in that elephant grass 'cause he couldn't land. There were small trees there. Had he landed, the blades would've just destroyed the helicopter. But he hovered for 10 minutes. So we've struggled to get through this elephant grass in between shooting at the NVA directing gun runs. And we finally get to the king bee. And at one point the gun runs came by so close. It was the first time I had shell casings go down the back of my neck from the judge and the executioner. And, But it was like, oh shit.


But that's like, oh that's cool, Thank you. You know, because they were that close shooting the NVA coming at us and the Captain tin hung up there. Don and I threw all the guys in. Don grabbed my shirt and his hand slipped. And by now my adrenaline's pumping. I grabbed him and threw him up all 220 pounds up into, up until the king bee. And then he reached down and grabbed me, pulled me in and we left. So I'm down on my last magazine, last hand grenade. And as we pulled out, it is almost, almost dark. And it was just the weirdest thing.


'cause we're, as we're leaving, you look back at the jungle, this rich dark green, emerald green. Here's all these little sparkling lights from AK 40 sevens and green tracers coming up at our king bee. So for me, that's my first major firefight. Holy shit. Only by the grace of the Lord do we get out of there. And thanks to Captain 10, this is another significant moment for me. We're in the helicopter now. We lift up, we're finally passed all that. We fired off our last bullets. The last grenade we're flying back is beautiful sunset. Most beautiful sunset I've ever seen in my life. 'cause we're like alive, you know?


And so I look over at Sal and Sal goes, he gave me a nod when Spider introduced me to Spike team Idaho. Sal turned to Hep. He goes, he's too tall, his feet are too big. And he looks stupid. But on that day, October 7th, 1968, he gave me a no. And it is like, you've done good. And to me, I'll never forget that moment. 'cause at that point we were on a team, we were tight. Sal saved us on the Ground.


I did all the airstrikes. Get back to Fu by Captain 10, you saved our ass. Come on, let me buy you a drink. No, my wife is just holding dinner for me at home. I wanna see my children. So two days later he comes back, he goes, you know, we had 48 bullet holes on that helicopter. We'll, needless to save the king pilots came. They never purchased any drinks. Not in our club. And so Captain 10 saved John Walton on August 3rd. That was our day. Wow. He came back, he and those guys later on shovel missions, they just under enemy fire.


And there was at least that day, and there was at least one other day where we had been in a firefight. Well, hold on. Yeah. So you guys come back? Yeah. Oh, there's a floor show on a what? A floor show. There was some kind of a floor show, like an Australian floor show in the club. Normally when the team would come back after a firefight, like what we had been through, there'd be guys out there with beer, there'd be a truck and everything. And but this night there was just one guy with a truck, no beer. And we took us back and because I was the radio operator, Don went into to report to S3 or to S two, give them the intel briefing.


I got the team, gave 'em the food and stuff. And there was a floor show. So nobody came out. And so we go into, into the club, there's John Walton, John's there, and we're talking back and forth. And so he, John goes, Hey, did you kill anybody today? Yeah. So you know, for the first time I can tell you I killed a man. Don't feel good about it. But You know, that's war because that guy stuck his head up and I hit him. And that sticks with, you know, spider of Parks came over and said, You know, you had that firefight, you hurt my ear.


He said, but you did the right thing because if you didn't kill him, think about what he could have done to the team. So that was my, my welcome. You know, that's the real war right there. Bad. And they were serious and we never forgot that moment. But them stacking up the bodies of their comrades so they could kill us. And we're just lucky to get out there. Captain 10, he's still alive today out there in, down in Carlsbad, Colorado, California. He's down there with his son. Every once in a while we'd talk to him to try to give a little call. Stay in touch.


So when that guy stuck his head up, what went through your head that exact moment? Oh, he's a bad guy. He is gotta go. Didn't even, no, no, none. None of this. Thinking about it, you know, there are other times we were in firefights. I can remember my third grade teacher, Sunday school teacher, Myrtle. Riker. She said, thou shalt not kill. I heard her voice more than once saying, thou shalt not kill. But I said, sorry Myrtle, You know, this is us or them we're at war right now. I'm sure the Lord understands that besides we're killing communists, my favorite kind of communist is dead.


And So I really didn't think about it now I talked about it with John. It really hit home. And then Spider afterwards came by and talked to me and says, remember in the future don't you know, let that radio go when you're shooting. 'cause you heard our ears up there in the plane. And then we had the team meeting the next day when fuck told me that. And learned lessons, learned what we could do better. And then with that, Don got promoted to a Covey rider. How many end in combatants do you guys think he killed that day? I have no idea.


Because of the limited frontage and the fact that once it came up from the sides, I know F had killed some more that came up. And from the ones in front, I mean to have enough to stack up bodies that were, As I looked at it looked like they had to be at least a foot off the Ground. Maybe more from the dead bodies that they're stacking. And they were stacking them down the hill. So they wanted to get up on that stack to shoot at us. So we never counted. And the majority of them were just in the front of that jungle edge and into the jungle that went right down the hill. 'cause they had to get up that hill to get to us.


So probably two, three bodies high. Yeah. Yeah. So we don't, we never knew how many or how many were wounded. We had cases, other teams, when they would kill the NVA and they'd go over the area and there'd be no bodies. But you see the blood trails where the NVA would pull their dead out. They were hardcore. And by 1968, the NVA had 25,000 troops that were in layoffs at least. And they were, they had developed Hunter killer SOG teams. These teams were designed to hunt our SOG teams and make contact.


And they would be sappers. They only wore a loin cloth, maybe some sandals. And they would carry an AK and a magazine and they would come in or a hand grenade and they would come in just to kill the Americans. Leave the Indi alive just for PSYOPs. And the Sappers. In August 23rd of 68, the SAPPs had hit our base camp at De Nang and they had prepared for it for over a year. And they killed 16 Green Berets on one day and FOB four. And that was the most serious casualties in sf.


Special Forces history was that day at Ang. And I wasn't there for that. I was up at F four B one, heard about it. And we sent down a relief force and went down and relieve the camp and helped them clean it up, get the dead bodies and stuff. But I missed all that 'cause we were getting ready for our, our insertion the next day on the sensors. We were doing mission prep on that with the team. How quick after that first firefight was the next mission. Well, Don got promoted and a couple days after the mission, Jim came up to me and Jim was, he was outstanding on that day, on that hill.


He was there, rock solid. He said, tilt. He says, I spent a year with the 173rd in combat. I ain't never seen no shit like this. Never. I can't do it brother. I don't want you to feel like I'm letting you down. I said, no, no, no. So I, I'm glad you told me 'cause that day you were there with me, our team, and you were part of us against them. And you can always tell your grandchildren that you and me and Don and the team, we stood up against the communists and you were an outstanding soldier.


I'll be forever in your debt for that. And said, you just tell me what you want to do and Thank you for being honest. So I went to the sergeant major, we got him a new assignment and then he left a couple weeks later, but he never said goodbye. And, but he did well that day and it was not an issue. So then I had to get a, a new assistant team member. And a couple days later, Bubba Shore and the Frenchman, Don, Doug, the Frenchman La Turner arrived at FOB one. And these new guards just gone through training group. They came up to the base and John McGovern, somehow he had heard about the Frenchmen and he liked the Frenchmen.


So he told the Frenchman, we gotta get you on a spike team Virginia. And so Doug went to Spike Team Virginia and we heard about John Bubba Shore. And so we recruited Johnny, came over, trained him up. And by the end of the month we ran a couple of general missions. And then November we just had balls to the walls. And we got several, several different missions outta there that were just amazing. And it was just bub and I. And by that time I saw respected the Vietnamese on our team.


I didn't want a third American. 'cause our little people were so good in the jungle, they always ran point. We usually had 'em on the tail gunner position. And so that's where we started up. How did you feel when you got the nod? Oh, I carry that too with me today. Was the sound game that No, I was just like, oh my God. I was officially nod of approval. It took a while, You know, from, from June or the end of May, there till October the seventh, 1968 ad. But it was well worth the wait. And we never, and we, we always got along.


But that was the official, okay, you're a part of the team, you've done good. And we all knew about Sal 'cause he, he and Hep, by 68, they'd been running for two and a half years missions across the Fence. Wow. Oh yeah, I know Tuan had been running for a couple years. He was our grenadier. He could put a 40 millimeter grenade up, a gnat's ass at 500 yards. I mean, he was so good with that thing. Just phenomenal firepower and good people. So Bub and I, we had a, in early November, not one of my finer moments, but we had trouble finding LZs.


So somebody came up with a bright idea of let's get a daisy cutter a tooth. Look for a swath of jungle where there's no trails, no roads visible from the air. We'll drop a daisy cutter in it. It'll knock down all the trees and then the team can land or repel in and then get on the Ground and then do an area recon right there. Okay, so that's us. So the first day, I forget what the aircraft was that carried a 2000 pound, but it had a daisy cutter. So I'm the team leader. I'm on the king bee, has two steps into the king bee.


And I'm stepping out and the the bomb goes off. We can see the bomb and the king bee's falling in right behind it, you know, the dust is settling and the king bee couldn't land. So he hovered, I repelled down halfway down the rope, I could hear somebody yelling across that area where the, again, there's still dust in the air, but nobody's shooting at me. So I'm going down the rope and I hear another voice. So there's one up to where I'm facing and one back here in the area where we just blew up a bomb. So I land and I give Henry King, who was a strap hanger with us that day.


I gave him the sign. No mission's canceled. I get on the radio, I tell Covey, we're compromised. There's people here. 'cause when you're compromised, why go on with the mission? Our job is to go in and snoop and poop. So the mission's canceled. I unhook the king bee takes off, and I'm on the Ground for a while and I can hear more people coming back and forth. And finally I'll see an NVA come down, open fire on him. Don't have anymore with him. But they're still, they're, they're talking back and forth. I can't tell what they're saying 'cause I just grew up in Trenton. My foreign language is English, let alone the ocean or whatever speaking. So finally the king bee comes back, captain Tuong is flying, drop the rope down.


I hook in and we had a Swiss seat. And it's a rope Swiss seat. You tie it in, tie it off on the side. And then you have a D-ring. And then the Swiss seat comes down with a sandbag and a D-ring on it. You hook the D-ring in, you get pulled up and then you have a D-ring on your shoulder harness that you're supposed to hook into. So if you get shot, your body remains in the seat and on the rope. Well, as Captain Tuong begins to lift off, I gave him the sign. He lifts off. I can see the NVA again. So I shoot, shoot another NVA soldier. We're coming, coming up the rope. Somebody else is shooting at the helicopter now.


So I turn around and shoot where the gunshots are coming from. But I can't, I don't see any people. I just see the gunshots. I turn around firing them 79 round at them. Now we're getting lifted up. Captain too Wong. Here's the gunfire. I'm not out of the jungle yet. So he pulls me through the jungle. So now it's like we're playing pinball, but I'm the pinball here. And we rick off the trees. I had not hooked up my D-ring yet. So I ricochet a few times and I get bounced back and forth. And the both of my arms are cut up from the rope as we're getting, as we're getting bounced around.


Finally we come outta the jungle and he lifts up further. And we're going back to South Vietnam. And I, I tried to get the D-ring hard. I couldn't get a hook because of the wind. You know, where we're flying 90, 90 miles an hour, whatever the speed is we're going. And I point up the king, I go, let's go down. You know. And so I could see him, but he's like 150 feet away. I'm down there dangling and I'm moving. I'm rotated my arms, 'cause my arms have been really cut up here. And, but I went to rotate, hit a packet of air or something. It flipped me upside down.


And as I'm upside down now, I look up one more time. I go to king like this, my web gear and my backpack all comes back on my neck. And I got my leg spread. The Swiss seed is down to my knees, shit. Oh yeah. And so I could feel this choking off. I'm trying to pull the web gear and, and the backpack. It's all on my neck. I can't get it off. And it's like, ah, this is not good. So finally we get another air pocket and the rope goes down to my feet and I'm hanging by my feet.


The Swiss seat is on my feet. I'm choking out now. And I'm just like the New York City hooker. My legs spread there, just trying to keep that rope on my feet. And my life flashes before my eyes right before I'm ready. I know I'm gonna pass out. I've passed out once before in my life. I knew what that feeling was. So I'm getting ready to pass out Bing. There's the front page of the newspaper back in Trenton. I'm really pissed because the front page of the Trenton Times has my death in South Vietnam. A-S-L-Y-I died in layoffs B, it's below the fold.


By 1968, our guys had been dying in such common news that we didn't rate above the fold. On page A, one of the trend times I saw my girlfriend from kindergarten to girl who broke my heart when she moved to California. Dolores saw in my car a couple other things, my dad's milk truck. And I passed out. What I didn't realize was Captain Tuong had been descending. And when I passed out it was right over a patch of elephant grass. So I fell maybe 12, 15 feet at the most and was unconscious. Henry King jumped out, took off my web gear, pulled the stuff off my neck, picked me up, threw me in the king bee.


And it was one of those moments where As I hit the floor, I was like, oh God, that hurts. But oh, oh, I'm happy. That's happy pain. I'm alive. And all my web gear, my car 15, my saw do M 79 with a, with a stylized hoster and my SOG knife. They're all still there in Laos. But we got out, flew back, went to S four, went to S3 first. Gave them a quick briefing and we had to get new gear geared up.


And the next day we were back for another mission. Damn. Oh yeah. And the other, the other sidebar to that, the day before that I repelled in, they did the daisy cutter and the daisy cutter exploded. And As I was going to, as the helicopter began to descend, we had secondary explosions. They had over a dozen secondary explosions. So here we were with the best intel available at the time, figuring this is a chunk of jungle where there's nothing there. We just repel it. Do an area recon. We blew up one of Ho Chi min's Caius. Wow. And to this day, ho Chi Minh is trying to figure out how we figured that out by mistake.


Damn. Just another day in SOG. Oh yeah. Just crazy. John, let's take a quick break. Sure. Then We'll just pick up right where we left off. Oh Great. Fair enough. I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated As I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter.


And the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA Targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show. And some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to.


And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief. Sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the newsletter.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance Elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Alright John, we're back from the break. Indeed. Thank you. We're getting Ready to hit November. November 68. November 68. First though. Where did the name tilt come from? Ever play Pinballs? Yeah. See when you play a pinball machine and you lose, you walk away pissed off. When I play a pinball machine and lose, I shake the shit out of it, see my name in Neon, then I walk away. Right on Indeed. Let's get into November. Yeah, November. That was, that was one of our crucible months there. You know, Bubba and I, we teamed up by that time. We were comfortable with each other.


And the little people, they really liked Bubba a lot. Good man. And so after, after that mission we had, we had a couple days where in the morning we would fly into an LZ primary, get shot out, secondary get shot out. And then the alternate again gets shot out, go back, have lunch. They, they wanted to get a team on the Ground so bad that they would say, here's your new target and then here's Covey. Covey. Go find him an LZ could. Before that we were doing visual reconnaissance. We fly over to Target area, look for pick out LZs, get familiar with it.


But one of the issues by that time, one of the issues that we were dealing with was how much SOG was compromised. We knew that wherever we took off from, whether it was from FOB one or whether it was, we had a launch site at Kwang Tree. And then later we had FOB three, which is at, that was closed in June. But they moved the title to mylock and they were there until the end of November. They suspected that they had observers there. So whenever our helicopters would fly west from South Vietnam into layoffs, that they would give a vector where we were going.


And we know that they had observers at the borders. So when we went across into layoffs, we assumed that somebody would say, here comes the helicopter. There are this vector bloom. We never knew how much we were compromised. That's why it's gonna be a next story in my fourth book that I write. This is just how much we were compromised. And during this time, Bubba and I learned that one morning in the, in the South Vietnamese Air Force, when they inserted a team, they didn't do a low nap, the earth thing. 'cause in lay we had the mountains and everything.


And they had what they called falling yellow leaf where they would, because of the way the engine was designed, they could put it in neutral and they would spiral down at the last second day would engage flare land. Bing we're out the door, they'd take off. The second chopper would come in. The same thing on this mission. We had gotten shot off an lz. We're going to the secondary, we're going in as we're doing the, just start the spiral fuck or so I forget which one yell to the door gunner. And we aborted. And I'm going like, mb what happened? And they saw a wire, somehow they saw a wire across the lz.


That wire was attached to a 500 pound bomb. Had we hit the wire, it would've triggered the bomb that would've destroyed us and the helicopter. Wow. So we knew we were, they were Able to see that coming in. I know, not me, we're talking about my little people here. Yeah. Oh, they were phenomenal. It was like a miracle. It's just another day of solid. But this is miracle for us. To get outta echo four is, in my mind to this day, is always a major miracle. But in that case it was just unbelievable. So we go back, we had this, we finally had another mission. We're on the Ground. We get shot out within a day leave with not too heavy contact.


What was that mission? It, it was just an area recon they put us in. We're on the Ground. We had trackers early and some guys would tend to elongate the mission and I would try to push it as far as we could. But once I thought we were compromised. And then Spider Park said, if you're compromised, they know where you are. It's just a quest of time before they get enough people together to wipe your team out like they did with Idaho in May. So I tended to be very conservative that way. We got out, no problem. So the next day, another day we go in primary, secondary, alternate lunch, primary, secondary alternate.


We finally, on the next day, we finally got inserted in the afternoon and the weather was spotty. We get inserted and we had Henry King with us and he was carrying the experimental pump M 79 just for extra firepower. We were going into the target was Echo eight was a target that had a lot of enemy activity. We didn't know quite why. And we got in and the the lz, the the Laos do slash and burn. So they would slash an area cut down all the vegetation grow crops until the soil got depleted. Then they would burn it out.


Well we had an area where we landed. I put the team on the Ground, we went up this mountain and then instead of doing the 10 and 10, I just wanted to do something different. And we got on the Ground, we moved for almost an hour. We finally came to a trail. The trail was big enough to drive a tank down it. And it was a kind of trail from the air. You couldn't see it because the NVA and their and the indigenous people, they forced to work with them, tied branches over. So you would never see it from the air. So we get this big trail, we cross it, there's a telephone pole.


S goes up, hooks up the wiretap. We set up a an ambush. And our ambushes were designed where this is by Lynn Black, who spec specifically designed this where we had a block of C four. So that six feet away from that block, any person would be knocked unconscious by the blast of the C four. Anything outside of that blast would be claim more minds that would kill everything else. Both in front, excuse me. And in back of that person that was knocked unconscious. So we set up the BU claim wars were put out, claim wars were side security claim wars in the back, Sal's running the wiretap.


We're sitting there and Bubba goes, Hey we can get us an r and r. 'cause they had the rule. If you capture a live POW, you got a hundred dollars and you got a r and r anywhere in the world. A hundred dollars. Yeah. Big. That's, it's 1960. That's big money in 68, man, was it? Wanna hear me tell that's still big money today for this beyond. But anyways, so we're like, yeah, we're joking about it. Spider came out for a com check. Now we've been on the Ground now for three or four hours and he's flying Covey and I give him the code, spider code, whatever it was.


We got a POW, we'll have one, we'll meet you at the LZ in one hour. He comes back and says, I'm at 10,000 feet. I can't see the mountain you're on, let alone an lz. I'm telling you, whatever you're doing, stop. Get to the top of the mountain and wait till the weather blows over. The weather closed in. We're gonna be socked in for three or four days. So don't make enemy contact. If you do, we can't come and get you and there's no tack air. Okay. So we pulled down the wiretap, pulled in the ambush.


And as we're doing that above us, we hear tanks up the Mount Lily, a tank sounding and another truck starting up. And when we had the, we first got there and we set up the, the ambush, the NVA walking up and down the road guys had the, had their AKs on their shoulders. We saw a couple officers. But I wanted to get the clearance from spiders. So if we could blow it to get a quality POW, well if the spider says don't do it, we pulled everything in and then we went to the left. 'cause we had come up the mountain and we moved out. We crossed the trail because the trail kind of bent up the mountain and we crossed it again.


And when we cross it, we'd do one man at a time, person in the same footsteps going across and the tail gunner comes by and cleans it up. We moved for a while and it was getting dark now and then we could hear dogs. Dogs down by the lz. So it's almost dark now. Sal climbs up the tree. I have Sal go look, see what we got coming at us. He comes back, his eyes are like saucers. He told Hap buku VC and we could hear the dogs. Now there's several dogs coming up that mountain. And he goes, there's buku vc.


And he says they're from here, meaning all these areas down the mountain from us with buku lights. And he could see some places where there's actually NVA behind the lights. So we don't know how many, but they're coming and coming hard. So we moved a little further, right about dusk. We got into a a stream and we turned left and went up the stream for maybe a half hour, 45 minutes. And I had the team go out a couple times to make false trails for the dogs. And then we put down black pepper and patterned mace. So if the dog hit it, it was fuck up their nose. So we went further for, like I said, it is dark.


We're not used to moving at night. But I wanted to set, get as much distance between us and the dogs as possible. Sal agreed. 'cause whenever I did anything like that through Hep I would talk with Sal, that Bubba and Henry King who was strap hanging with us, let them know on this mission we had eight men. So we finally come to an area in that stream bed, we climb up and we set up an RON with the eight guys. And I'm facing the little stream bed or the creek, whatever it is. But there's water in it. So we hear more dogs. We could hear the noise down there about midnight, one o'clock, two NVA walk past us in the stream or the creek.


They go up for a while. Their lantern ran outta fuel. They turn around, they come back. Now I can hear, I don't know if anybody else on the team could, later on foot told me he could hear him. But again, we're not talking 'cause I'm facing that and foot was on my right, but he was facing another direction. But I could have touched it if I wanted to. So I'm pointing here. They walked past her right about here in front of me in that little creek Hep coughed. They stopped at that point.


One of them turned around and only when the wind blew, he was start crawling up the mountain towards me when the wind blew. I could hear him move when the wind blew. And I'm sitting there like this feet spread car 15 on single shot. So I figured if it happens, it's gonna be just one shot. That's all it's gonna take. Because at that point it's, we're playing hide and go seek with the NVA army there. They're trying to find us. Well eventually he gets to me. So they knew you guys were there? Oh yeah. How did they know? Helicopter. It's just so damn noisy. Did you guys ever do false insertions? Oh yeah, yeah. We did that fake insertions sometimes do two or three touchdowns and then get outta the helicopter.


The third lz, we did that. We did it in Cambodia as well as Laos. And Laos was a little harder because of the mountains. But it was a tactic. One, one thing we did. And plus, with the concern about being compromised, we would have a briefing and we'd put down primary secondary alternate lz, send it to Saigon. Then when we had the actual pre mission briefing with the helicopter pilots and Covey, we'd pull Covey aside and say, go find us another LZ and a and a in a secondary because we know we're just compromised. We don't wanna take a chance on them waiting for us again with another 500 pound bomb.


So that, that was one way to deal with it. So anyway, this guy comes up, he touched my boot. I could hear him catch his breath. I'm just waiting. If he had moved suddenly he would've been dead. But he weighed, he touched your boot. Yeah, my size 10. I was wearing a size 10 regular at the time. Touched my left foot. He tossed it. I heard him catch his breath. And if he moved suddenly it would've been his last move. But he waited. I mean he sat there for, well by this time, you know how, how time extends itself. I mean seconds turned into minutes and hours. But when the wind blew, he backed up.


Wind blew again. He went down, finally gets to his buddy and both of them left. So this is all, it took a while. And I wanna say it happened around maybe two or three o'clock in window. I just forget. I mean I had the my SEKO watch on. I could see, look at what time it was after he left. But I just forget what time at first light. We were up and out of there and we moved up that mountain all day and twice. Once or twice our point man, who now was son and he has s right behind him, they encountered wood cutters, but none of the wood cutters had weapons.


And they were indigenous people and there was nobody there to make it appear as though they were affiliated with the NVA in any way. So we continued to move and you know, we had gotten near the top and at one point we took a break and I'm beat. 'cause we had moved all day. We just broke, you know, here we were doing 10 and 10 to really be cautious. But we're going up that mountain. And then we took a break for chow. But we continued to move as much as we could because we just wanted to get to the top of the mountain before dark. Set up a strong RON at night with extra claim wars.


And I went to stand up and I fell down. I literally fell on my face. So I get up again, fall down again. I land on my face and I'm lying there. It's like all I wanted to do was roll over and go to sleep. I was so tired and so beat. And after last night with the, because I didn't get my sleep that night and, but I knew the whole team was looking at me and I'm going like, you just gotta get your weary ass up. So I finally got up, we got up to the top of the mountain, set up a nice RON Sal's guys did wonderful work with the clay wars. And that night around about one or two o'clock, and we always had con checks.


They had an airborne command and control ship that flew over Southeast Asia 24 7. And in our case, they would usually fly by around midnight, one o'clock. We'd do a combo check. And because the NVA had really extensive RDF, You know, the radio direction of finding equipment, we would just do click, click with the handset, and then they would say, Roger received. So they knew we were okay if there was a situation we had to report. But anyway, they did the midnight, midnight comma check. About an hour and a half, two hours later, Bubba wakes me up. He goes, you won't believe this shit.


Look at the mountain. So like couple mountains over the whole mountainside lit up with bright lights. So we began scanning on the dial and we get Russian. There's a Russian aircraft coming in for an aerial resupply in layoffs to the NBA. Wow. So now I get on the, I'm on the radio, I'm doing my IRC 10, my emergency radio frequency, which is like 2 4, 3 ultra high. And we carried those. If the other radios didn't work and did the radio, all the different frequency, I can't get anybody.


It's like, where's the cop when you need one? But they came in, they did the resupply and left. And that was a weird night. So we were up there for three more days. Spider would come by with Kamala check. Just let us know how high up he was. But no break in the weather during the day. And finally the fifth, the fourth night we moved downhill to say, you can move out now and try to continue with the mission. So he got down halfway down the mountain and we came to one of the weirdest things. It looked like Stone hedge in the middle of layoffs.


Here are these huge monoliths that looked like stone heads with, they didn't have any across the top, but these big things that came outta the Ground. So we set up our RON in the center of this, put out the claymore mines and set up the RO was a quiet night. And then in the morning, first light, we could hear dogs and the dogs picked up our trail. You could just tell they're barking more excitedly. And so spider came by. I told 'em that they were on us be a question of time before we made contact. And we moved out and we moved to an open area where Spider said, go take this vector here.


You've been on the Ground for five days. We'll pull you out. And he came back 10 minutes later, said, well, we're gonna be delayed. There's another team that declared a Prairie fire emergency. So we had to wait. Well, they kept coming and they went through that RON and we had Bubba put down a claymore mine and then Sal put down a couple of toe poppers. So the claim war was triggered. We knew they were pissed now and then they heard at least two toe poppers go off. So during that time they came out, Sal and Hep were in the back. They had a light contact. Then we got the word from Spider that the hundred first Airborne was going to come in to pick us up.


And that was the first time we'd had American Slick since the mission to National Valley. 'cause we had always used the South Vietnamese, the king bees. And at one point the gunships came down, Scarface Marine Corps, Scarface came in, they got shot this shit, they made a second run. They got shot up again and we could see the enemy up the hill on the backside. And we went out with our M 70 nines. And King had that pump. He went Chch, Chach me, Bubba. And Tuan also fired our M 70 nines up that hill where the gunfire was coming from on the ships, on the air ships.


I slowed him down a hundred first came in and I told Bubba, you gotta be the first man out. Then you tell those young guys that are door gunners, we've got South Vietnamese. Don't kill my little people. So we did. 'cause you, you know, we had bad experiences with that, with Young Door gunners that shot up some of our little people by mistake without realizing. 'cause some of the guys just thought all South Vietnamese were NVA. So we got out, had a good extraction that night, back at the bar, we finally get back to the bar and Scarface is there and there's Lieutenant Colonel Robinson, who was the OIC. And he was like pissed.


He says, look, you see my helicopter, the plexiglass had been shot out, had bullet holes in it. And so he is really said, you guys, every time we come out, they get you. My helicopters get shot up and now I wanna be out there supporting you guys. He's, So, I buy him a few drinks, he get three or four drinks. And then, and I went back to S two, gave a debrief, came back and Robinson, Colonel Robinson was still there, still bitching and moaning. I said, sir, does that mean you're not gonna come next time? He said, no, I didn't say that. We'll be you. Call we'll come. And they did. They got shot up really bad. And they were flying those old EYs ey gunships that when they had a full load of orders, they could barely get off the Ground.


Sometimes with the heat, the door gunners would get out and run alongside the helicopter where they started getting a little momentum going and then they jumped back in the helicopter just seeing those guys do that. So right after that we, we were called into S3 and they said, we want to send you TDY to FOB six, which was down at Houk Hotel. And at that time there were six fobs that were operated. FOB one was FUBU two W Kto, which was in two core. And they did targets in both layoffs and Cambodia. FOB three had been cason, which when Cason was closed, the Marine Corps base was closed in 68 June, they transferred our FOB to mylock.


Excuse me, FOB four was denying FOB five was Bai Toit all targets for Cambodia. FOB six was, Al was northwest of Saigon. And they were all Cambodian targets. They were low on operational teams. So we were sent down our TDY. So just Bob and I and the team went down and we had been there a day and a day before Thanksgiving, the OIC Colonel Drake called us in and said, look, we got a mission tomorrow. And said, S three's gonna ABB brief you But it Thanksgiving day and if you guys pull this mission off before you go into the target, we'll bring you a Thanksgiving dinner.


Good to go, Colonel. We go in for the briefing and the mission was to find one or any of the three missing NVA divisions. So this is November near the end of November, like this is November 25th, 68. And we knew that they were missing. And the concern was because the TED offensive in early 68 that the NVA were winding up for another TED offensive in 69 and with 30,000 NVA missing in action, WTF times two. So we we're up late and during that briefing we got pictures from really high up about different areas.


And the pictures were the first pictures taken by the blackbirds, the the 70 twos, the S 70 twos. And they were amazing. So we had all that and we had the latest intel reports that were there with the colonel. We got a approximated target area and we were working with the, the Green Hornets, the Air Force Special Operations Squadron. And those guys were hot shit. They had the latest ey, the latest weapons. And those EYs were more powerful than anything we had seen with the Army. But the rules of engagement were different in Cambodia.


No attack air, no Covey. Only thing that was up were helicopters. And the only support we had would be helicopter gunships, which would be 2.75 rockets or mini guns or M sixties. And fortunately here, these guys were just hot shit pilots. So we did, went in the morning, we got up first light, we go to the launch site, here comes a helicopter with Thanksgiving. So we sat down, had Thanksgiving, had our big meal, jumped on the helicopters, launched into the target, and we get into target, we move for a while and we literally walked into an NVA base camp.


And later what Sal figured and F, they thought that one of the NVAs had just left because there were still fires burning. And one fire like had a pot still hanging over. So one NVA division had just left and another one was coming in. Well, when we're there, we went in, we started taking some pictures and Sal gives me that sound that hisa his, and then he goes, Buku vc. And his eyes were like saucers. And he points up to the north and off in the woods. Now this is Cambodia, this is not Lays Cambodia. The vegetation was different, maybe one canopy and it was open.


You could see for almost a hundred yards. Some places maybe a little bit longer. And often the distance we could see NVA soldiers with pith helmets, with their AKs running down port arms looking for us. Yeah. Oh yeah. And somehow, because we didn't make any noise or anything, but they, they turned and started coming towards us. So we began to move back. We got it. We go into our full retreat, move, go back. I declare a prayer fire emergency as we're beginning to move back. Sal goes do math. And now from the south we got the same thing coming up NVA with AK 40 sevens and pith helmets running up.


They see the other unit and they both all come towards us. So now we open fire two on myself and Bubba hitting 'em with M 70 nines. We begin falling back. We put down Claymores to slow 'em down. At one point, Bubba had a clay war with a five second fuse on it. We put that in the Ground and then moved back. Of course it's in front of the tree. So the back blast wouldn't get us. And we had that claim war and we're moving back, rotating each other, going back. And we finally get close to the lz. We put down two Claymores as the envy really closed. Bubba blew off one. And I waited. And then the helicopter landed in between right before he landed.


We had two gun runs, at least two gun runs with their mini guns. And it just slaughtered them. It just killed them. We don't know how many. No time to count. The helicopter lands. Everybody's loading up. As I see more NVA coming, they're right in front of my claim works it click that MK or M MK 57 Clacker blows them up, run back. We get on a helicopter, we're pulling off. It's me and F. And so there's a little bit of jungle and there's how the NVA are running and we're in an opening area. It had been raining a couple days before and a couple of the NVA come out and they're trying to stop and you could see the mud from the boots coming up and hitting the propellers.


Wow. Oh yeah. And so me and the door are going hit this one guy full hit the other guy and they blow back and we're pulling off as we're leaving, I get a white phosphorus grenade. We've been told no white phosphorus in Cambodia. But this was so close that I could see those NVA down there. I threw a white phosphorus down at them and we leave helicopters all get shot up. Our helicopter had over a dozen hits, but none of our guys, none of the Air Force guys got hit. And that those Air Force guys from the Greenhorns were hot shit. They just saved our ass that day. We go back to the launch site now with the Air Force guys and they go, Hey, it's Thanksgiving.


Come on in. Have a Thanksgiving dinner with us. So we gave a quick ver or a verbal report on the radio back to headquarters. Went in, sat down with the Air Force, had Thanksgiving dinner. As we're wrapping up, somebody comes down and says, Hey man, they want you back at Hoal asap. And it said, okay. So we go back to Hoal, talked to the colonel, talked to S3, gave them all of our reports. Bubba took the team out, gave them overnight passes, took care of that. And after we're done with the debrief, it was around five or quarter to six or so, Colonel Drake goes, Hey you guys, it's Thanksgiving. Come on down, get a Thanksgiving meal.


You have one for breakfast, you can have one for dinner. So we had three Thanksgiving meals in one day. Unbelievable. So the next day we, we just cleaned our weapons. We did some weapons, some practice on the range. The next day we had an insert. We wanted to do a trail watch and we wanted to get a POW really bad perfect insertion. We get on the Ground and we go over to, I think it was like Highway 31 in Cambodia. And it's one of these deals where the jungle is like still one canopy but a stick. And it's so thick that when you go up, like you push your hand through and it's all clear, there's your road, but anybody on the road can't see you.


Even if they're like you and I distance the jungle's so intense. Wow, we can't see each other. So these trucks are coming down, taking pictures of the NVA and the trucks and just some civilian cars. And there had been of course motorcycles and mopeds and stuff like that going by. So in between Bubba went out and put it in an anti-tank device, buried it, put it out there, brought back the death because we were go, we were gonna blow up a truck with troops in it, capture a live POW and get out. Because the Air Force was so quick to respond, we knew we could pick it up and be out there in 20 minutes or less. Get it all set up.


We pull back in the clear on my radio, because I'm carrying the radio, I always carry the radio ST or RT Idaho. You are to stop the mission, return to base ASAP per the order of general Creighton Abrams. He replaced Westmoreland and he was now the overall commander for all armed service troops in Vietnam, like WTF. So instead of being a good comm guy and say, I can't hear you, we did it. We pulled back and we did a extract, no gunfire. They just came in, pulled us up, took us back to base, and we got back to base.


It's like WTF. We had the ambush set up. We could have had a POW. Premier Ook in Cambodia filed a protest over a white phosphorus grenade that we threw down on the NVA. He wasn't upset about the a hundred thousand NVA who were in Cambodia. That was cool. But us and our white phosphorus grenade, he was upset about. So to Colonel Drake, he was really cool. He says, okay. He said, what happened out there? I said, well sir, you know, we got pulled out under fire. I put that thing right down that guy's head. I wanted them to suffer as much as they could. He says, you forgot about the rules of engagement.


I said, well, yes sir. I just bent them a little bit. He said, okay, well what's the official story? I said, sir, I really regret that that hand grenade threw a fell the helicopter that I still don't know how to explode on contact with the Ground. It must have been that fall. He says, okay. He said, don't do it again. He covered my ass with Creighton avers on that. But that's how upset they were. They pulled us outta the fucking field on that. Just unbelievable. Wow. So the next day we're back, we got inserted perfect insertion again. And there we did that multiple touchdown. He pulled you Out of the field for a fucking white phosphorus Grenade. Yeah. And a complaint from the premier of, of Cambodia Ook.


He talk about political bull fucking shit. Excuse my French, sir. God. It was just, we were furious 'cause they didn't know we were there. It was the perfect insert that ambush. We would've gotten the POW and wore outta there. We had all the handcuffs ready to go, the plastic tie downs and everything. We were psyched. Bub and I once again, we're planning our R andrs, you know, because it was just, it was like a dream me. Yeah, a perfect insert. And we did the fake, fake land. Get got right there, south took us right out to the road, set everything up, put the claim wars out for security. And man, we were ready to roll. And Bubba was just so good with explosives and stuff.


So the next day we get inserted again. And this time it was in the afternoon. We had a good insertion. We're set up at night, put up the RON, But it was hinky, but just hinky being in the, on the, on the Ground in Cambodia, because everything's so flat, there's no mountains and minimal vegetation. South. Found a couple of places where we could pick for a good RON. Put out double claymores. And during the night, I was just, just hinky all night. We got up in the morning, moved out, and we were going to go back to try to do another POW snatch. And again, Covey came back or somebody from the the 20th came out, gave a combo check and said, by the way, go to an LZ or being extracted asap.


And I said, why? He said, we can't say. They pulled us out again this time. We came back and Colonel Drake was there. He said, Hey, you just lost a helicopter up at FOB one. A King Bee went down with seven Green Berets and they lost the whole crew. So I've gotta send you back to F four B one because you're low on personnel up there. Now he says, our guys are training up, but we'll be able to cover our missions here. We went back on November, I'll never forget it. November 30th, 1968. A King B, we had a mission that was called eldest son. And this is part of the PSYOPs where the ammunition was doctored.


So if they fired an AK 47 round that had been doctored, it was eldest son, it was explode in their face and they put the, they used 82 millimeter mortars and those were doctored. And so when they popped into the tube, it would explode and just kill everybody. 'cause the shrapnel from from the tube as well as the rocket would kill any of the NVA right next to it. And it had a psychological impact on the NVA to discourage them from using their ordinance. Have to question it. And so this unit, it was just a throw, it was a strap hanger mission. Somebody up at the base said, Hey, we wanna do an elder sun mission.


We need six or seven guys. We got a site. So they gave 'em extra ordinance and they were gonna go to this cache, put in the stuff and leave and just leave it out there for the NVA to pick up and use it and blow themselves up while they're en route. They got hit by anti-aircraft fire. The king went down and crashed and they lost everybody. Damn horrible. Yeah, November 30th. So we went back north and within a few days we had another mission, which was just a routine mission. And then we had some downtime 'cause of weather. And then we came to Christmas Day 1968 and didn't even realize it was Christmas because we had been so busy planning, working things out.


And they had a mission where they wanted us to go in on a mountaintop for a trail watch and also to look for enemy fuel lines. 'cause the NVA were bringing down fuel lines from North Vietnam that were coming down into layoffs. And the fuel lines would come down to refuel the trucks as they came down to Ho Chi Minh Trail. But nobody had found any yet. So our mission was to get us his hilltop, get inserted, do a general area recon, then the next day move out to try to find some of those fuel lines. So in November of 68, president Johnson declared a bombing halt in North Vietnam.


And all of, not all, but a lot of the anti-aircraft weaponry that had been up in north Vietnam began coming south. So on Christmas day, our target was just into layoffs, maybe five or 10 clicks into layoffs. And the, we had a king bes Captain Tuong, the one who pulled me out when I was upside down. He was our pilot that day. And instead of doing a yellow leaf, a spiral, he wanted to just go in low level, go right up and sat down. Well, somewhere he made a mistake and we came in, we went up the mountainside, and halfway up the mountain there was this little knoll.


He touched down on the knoll instead of going all the way up. But we got out and it was a lot of elephant grass. So we right there in the elephant grass, he took off and the elephant grass was thick again, it's 10 to 12 feet to the south and to the west, and even to the northwest. It was so steep we couldn't go anywhere. So fuck led off to the east. He's our point man. And it was Bubba May. Lynn Black was there with us. And then we had two on fuck and have. And so we're there moving out. And within a half hour or less he made, we made contact light contact with the NVA.


So we came back and we're back on that little knoll. And Lynn and I are talking, it's like, well the northeast is the last place that we can go and lingos, but there's no activity there. We don't see anything. We've had contact here. And then people started shooting at us from down the hill in the south and we were throwing hand grenades. All of a sudden the elephant grass catches fire down the mountain and the wind from that mountain area was blowing those flames up the hill. And then the NVA were going around when they saw that they were going around and setting fires on the base of that knoll that we're on.


So at one point the elephant grass was burning. We're looking down the hill. You have all these smoke waves and then the heat waves you see, you could look through, you could see the NVA there lighting stuff further down the mountain. But they weren't shooting at us. They were all lighting up the mountainside. So I declared a prairie fire emergency spider was flying Covey that day. We couldn't go. Oh. And spider comes out and he goes, do not go to the northeast. We had an intel report. There's an NVA ambush waiting for RT Idaho there. I never had an intel report like that. So we didn't go. Now we're fighting the fire.


Lynn and Bubba cut S four, try to blow the, literally try to blow the flames back down the hill. But the mountain and the, and the wind and everything was blowing that stuff up. Thankfully Captain Tuong got there and he came up above us and he came down the mountain flying sideways. And I looked up and saw Captain Tuong. And I recognized him because from that day mission, when I was upside down in other missions and we of course had bought him drinks, he came down and he landed and the prop war blew back all the flames. We jumped on that king bee when he lifted off. Whoosh, all the lz was covered with flames.


Wow. And of course we left under fire. So we were firing at the NVA as we pulled out. So that was Christmas. And we barely got outta there that day. And that night I took a shower and when I'm walking back to my hooch from the shower, 'cause the showers over to the left past the officer's barracks and our hoochs were here. And we, As I walked back to my room, I hear this little cheap transistor radio playing silent night. I go, son of a bitch, it's Christmas. I'm thinking about threatening to mom and daddy and grandmom. You know what they're doing on Christmas Day. And then I thought, you know, this is fucking crazy.


I don't think I'm gonna see my birthday. We keep having missions like this Thanksgiving day, the upside down October 4th, echo four, echo eight. This is, I don't think I'm gonna see my birthday, but we'll just keep pushing on. My birthday was January 19th. But that moment in time standing there, I just didn't think we'd ever see the light of day until the new year. 'cause they were bringing in more NVA and their tactics were getting tougher to more of them. What did the rest of the team think? Never talked about it. That was just private. We closed FOB one in the early January.


And of course New Year's Eve, everybody's worried about a big, they had Intel reports were going to get hit. So New Year's Eve, nobody got hit. We played poker, they club the, they closed the clubhouse early and spite. We had a team on the Ground and they got inserted on the New Year's Eve day and they weren't happy about it, but they got inserted. Spider went up at midnight, made a comment check with him and said, look, guys, be alert first thing in the morning. That team got hit. All the three Americans were killed. The three indis were left alive. And the bright light went in later that day and they were able to recover the bodies, bring 'em back.


And that really struck home because again, there are some teams that didn't have like the close relationship that I had with our little people, our South Vietnamese. I talked to Hep and South said, look, this is some Americans. And even some of that did, were going like, why did the Americans die? And, and the Vietnamese didn't die. He said, if you hear anything, you let me know. Well, we didn't have any problem, but there are some people that were really unhappy about it. And it had an impact in the camp. Just the fact that we lost three men from FOB four. And that was just another example of them changing their tactics. And they hit 'em, hit 'em hard.


So within the next couple weeks, we had to begin to pack up for the move. They were closing FOB one at fubu. What we didn't know at the time was Intel had a report that the NVA were preparing another attack on FOB one. Like they had done an FOB four on August the 23rd of 1968. We didn't learn that till years later. We packed up and we went down. They flew us down to King, be Captain Tin. Flew us down to FOB four. We moved in down there. And then Bob and I had one more mission. And we had a mission that was, I forget what the mission was, but we got on the Ground with, again, it was spotty weather.


It's January, we get inserted, we're on the Ground. And we moved. It was a little bit more, it was not as high in the mountains. We were closer to the Vietnam border. So the mountains weren't as severe, but there's still hills and things. We moved for a few hours and then Bubba had left behind a claymore mine that was rigged, that claymore went off. So we knew that the trackers were at least there and they would be trying to track us. So we moved for a while longer. We're getting near the end of the day now. And we found a little clearing. And I called a tactical emergency and I got ahold of Covey.


And Covey said he'd be there shortly. And while we're waiting, Sal was putting out a claymore mine. And when he was moving back, he opened fire on the NVA coming at us from the north. He opened fire reloaded, hit him through a hand grenade and came back. Then they hit us from the other side, which would be the east. And then later they came at us from the side, from the south side. So they were coming at us, but we were just a little bit of a high ground where they're coming off of that climbing up the mountain. And we were like at a little small plateau. And Covey arrives.


We get Tackier Liquidly split. And we were just really lucky. But we had been in contact, they kept coming at us first from the south, I mean from the north, then from the east, and then from the south. And it just, different troops would come. And we had those firefights and it got pretty intense with the south and the east side. So cubby goes, Hey, try to blow down a couple trees so we can get a helicopter in. So in our spare time in between the firefights, bubba rigged debt charges to chop down the trees. Well, he chopped down two or three trees, but there was enough vegetation around that the trees couldn't fall. Then once he blew 'em off the stump, the other trees would catch 'em.


So no helicopter could in. We had to do strings. So now we're back, the helicopter comes back and we tell, he tells us, you're gonna be extracted on strings. We'll do it in two helicopters. And in my mind it's beginning to rain. It's near the end of the day. And the helicopter looked so high up when he threw those ropes out. I couldn't believe the ropes even reached us. We were just really lucky. They came down. There were four ropes. And I told the team, we're gonna all go outta here together. So he put together three of the Vietnamese, two Vietnamese together. And then Bubba and I had separate strings and then the third Vietnamese.


And so we had two and two, however it was, we figured it out. We all put our Swiss seesaw in the middle of the firefight. And then I talked to Bubba. I said, Hey, you know that clay, more mind with the white phosphorus, you got taped to it. Said, do me a favor, put that on the tree here. So we get extracted, put a time fuse on it so when we get extracted, that'll blow. And that'll buy us some time to get outta the jungle. He looked at me like, WTF, are you outta your mind? And I said, Bubba, do this. He said, we don't get outta here now. So he did it. He put it up there, put a time fuse on it. We all hooked up. They were lifting out.


I was on the rope. That was the longest and the lowest. Bubba goes out and he's going out. He pulls that fuse and it lifted us straight up. And we were just really lucky because we weren't in the super high mounds. And it was January, so it was cooler. And I, I rolled the dice saying Take all six of us now, because it was just, the dark was closing in darkness. And as we went up, that thing exploded. And you just see the claymore with a white phosphorus hitting those troops. And for the first time, we could see their faces and stuff from, well from above as we got pulled out.


And then right near the end, they were able to get us completely cleared. They didn't drag us through the trees. And there was the hundred first Airborne guys that did that. And we got pulled out, got back to base, and I yelled to Covey. As soon as we cleared that tree, I said, Hey, we got all six here. Don't bring the second helicopter. And we had done a one sky riter gun raids. We had 500 pound bombs that we used. And that's one of those deals where you're on the Ground, you usually get elevated from the concussions. You know how it is with those 500 pounders. And it was just really close. Just another day in SOG, You know? Geez. Oh yeah.


And a couple days later, Bubba came up to me and said, you know, this has been a long run. He says, would you mind if they offering me a job up in headquarters? I said, Bubba, he said, you've been a fucking stud man. If you want to go to headquarters, please go. He goes, I just forever be in your debt. You've just been a complete stud with me. All these missions, all we've been through and we're still alive to talk about it. That's fine. You go. So he went up to headquarters and then Lynn Black came on the team and Lynn was, he had been one of the one 73rd. And he had that mission on October 5th. We were briefly mentioned. He was just amazing guy. Did you ever wanna leave?


No. No. Why not? 'cause, well, two things. I just like, after all that training, we knew that the Green Berets in Vietnam were special, but SOG was special within the special unit. And it was just really an honor to be there. You know, we had all those special little privileges and quirks. Like if we had to get on a flight to go to Saigon as a courier or something, we had passes. If we flipped that pass, if that plane was loaded, that somebody had to come off so we could get on it and flying. So we knew that we were the tip of the spear. It was just an honor to be there to operate under those rules of engagement, even though we couldn't tell anybody about it.


And you know, you write letters home to mom. I, the weather was nice. Yeah, you like my Vietnamese team members there, just wonderful guys, we have a good time together. I would have letters from Grandmom, Stryker and mom. And Mom would always write and dad would write, and of course brother and sister have a little correspondence, but never anything about what was going on. And you know, years later when my first book came out, dad read it. He goes, You know, I can never figure out why that black guy came by and picked up our trash. He said he would come by regularly and pick up the trash. Well, dad got a job at the post office and the post office was where the FBI was located.


And dad saw that guy coming outta the FBI office. He goes, oh, it picked up your trash to see if you said anything or if we said anything to you that would've violated your NNAD. Wow. That's how serious they were about it. That's a real kick in the pants. Those, those FBI agents were on it. So Lynn was there. We had a couple of missions, nothing really that extraordinary. And then we planned for a special mission where we were going to go up to Mua Pass. And Mua Pass was up in Laos above the DMZ River.


We had the DMZ River that flew, flowed through us. We divided North Vietnam from South Vietnam. And then when it entered layoffs, it still continued to flow from the west to the east. And that was divided. We had targets that would be like M Ma 10, MA 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. And those were the areas that we were working really hard to try to find those pipelines. And we had, and then above that, further north of this pipeline of the river was the Maggea Pass, which was where any of the tr any vehicular traffic from Hanoi coming south had to go through the Maggea Pass.


And Air Force knew it. The NVA knew it. And they had all kinds of anti-aircraft weaponry there. And the plan was for us to go up on a plateau, go in heavily armed with mortars, take in extra guys extra claim wars, and then set up with the Air Force, with the weather being clear for the next 48 hours, just to back up that pass and then wipe out any supplies coming down to HoChi Montreal. Because the Intel report said there weren't many quote, many enemy there. So we were going in heavy limb, was gonna take an M 60. We had a Captain O'Byrne with us, Michael Byrne for Intel purposes.


And we were just wired up. And that's the picture of my second book of being inspected was prior day prior to that mission, when we launched for it. Now we launched and when we're in to layoffs above the DMZ River, they called us off. They said that an aircraft had been shot down, one or two aircraft had been shot down at the Yuge Pass, either that night or the day before. And they said, eh, they shot down Phantom Jets, maybe they might shoot down a slow moving helicopter. They canceled it. We came back. And then I went home two days later at the end of my first tour of duty. So at the end of April, went back to the Trang, signed out, went back home, saw mom and dad for a few days.


I had a little sweetheart down in Georgia, visited her for a couple days and then reported to Fort Devons, Massachusetts up in the 10th group. And it was there. And that was just God awful duty. Just hated every second of it. And a lot of guys like Spider Pat Watkins, Jeff Jenkins, Tony Harrell, Rick Estes, and their, those guys all went to 10 Special Forces group. But they were in D company. And D company was a fool. Green Beret company with a team set up their training, they're doing missions. And so it was a real, a real company with green bets.


I was sent to Signal company because of my MOS. And it was chicken shit. The, they had two young lieutenants in there. They ran it like basic training almost. And then we had the fellow platoon sergeants that had been in 10th group and all, none of them had been to Vietnam. And they were proud of the fact that they had not been to Vietnam. They were proud that they had not been to Vietnam, that they had gotten out of it. And they were, they were kind of, at one point they were kind of like, how could you be so stupid to not figure out a way to get outta that? And I said, what are you wearing on your head, asshole. We have some words. So I was there for five months, just got off of duty.


But we had young kids and we had competitions for signal competitions, you know, so I tell these kids, look, we are gonna win this competition just to piss everybody off because they hate me and they hate you guys. 'cause we keep winning the contest. So my guys were sharp. You had to go out, set up the net, whoever could set up the net the quickest and make combo back the base the quickest and all this kind of stuff. Our guys did it. And so at the, at the, we had a couple incidents at local bars and I decided, spider Parks told me that there's a gal in the Pentagon, Billy Alexander, there's a wonderful woman.


Her sole job was assigning Green Berets to Southeast Asia, which would include that as well as Okana. We had the first special forces group assigned there. So it was like a Wednesday or Thursday. I drove down overnight down to the Pentagon, first light, Pentagon, open seven, the clock in morning. I was there with a bottle of wine, whatever her favorite wine was, spider told me. And we had flowers, asked for Billy. And then back then, just like the doors were wide open, you walk in, Hey, where's Billy Alexander? Oh yes, he's down here. So I go down, knock on the door, walk in, asked for Billy. She was over in the corner desk.


Hi Billy. My name's John Meyer. I'm of a 10th group. I hate it. And I'd really like to go back to CCN. Oh, we could use people like you. You've been there before. Yes. And so we chatted a little bit. I gave her the flowers and the wine. Went back to my car, took a nap, came back about three o'clock. Billy says, here's your orders. Go back. Because my ETS was up December 1st. She said, if you really want to go back, I gotta extend your get, extend your ETS into April. Said please do it. She says, I don't wanna be at Fort Devons another day. Went up to Fort Devons, cleared the next day, cleared the base, cleared the company.


Went home to mom and dad gave him the news. I was going back and on Monday morning, had a flight back to Fort Lewis and heading back to Vietnam. And I arrived up at Fort Lewis. Jeffrey Junks was there. Jeffrey lived in La Jolla. We had served together, left with B one. He had a couple amazing experiences that we could talk about another day. So Jeff and I flew back to Vietnam together. We landed in Karon Bay, the same culture shock, getting off the plane, just smelling everything about it. But instead of waiting in line and being processed, we had our duffle bags. We had our orders already. And we saw a jeep that wasn't being used. We requisitioned it.


Drove up to Theran. And he had a house up there where he had some friends that he had known from his, he had had four tours of duty previously. So we visited this house and some of the mamasans and they had these huge beds with mounds of marijuana. And they had three women on each bed, all rolling joints to sell to the gis. Amazing. I wasn't into that, I just, but Jeff was up there. And we hung out, had a nice lunch we finally reported for duty at, because we had been there before. Cleared the base, went right up to CCN, reported into the Sergeant Major John Hobbs.


And I asked him if I get back on Idaho, he said, yeah, Lynn Black is out there. He could use a one one. I said, yeah, let Lynn be the one zero, because he's been on the team for a while. So it was just one of those great moments. I walked from headquarters down to the hooch. Nobody was there. I could hear a shooting out in the range. So Idaho was out on the range. Lynn was running through the drill and as I'm walking out, the shooting stopped near it, coming back. And that was such a joyous occasion, seeing them, of course it was like, you know, they did everything. Attack my sexual preferences on down to being dumb and stupid and everything. It was really great to see the boys again.


So we celebrated, had a great Vietnamese meal that night with them over in the Vietnamese mess hall. And we were back on the team. So Lynn was the one zero for a while. And we ran a couple missions and then I became the one zero. And then the sergeant major goes, look, you got too much experience here, said Lynn, I want you to go somewhere else. Tilt, just take over I Idaho again. So I took over RTI do, went back and that was, it was an interesting time. Lynn and I put together, in our spare time, we worked on a, on a, on a manual for running recon. Talked about the SOPs and, and, and Lynn was just a phenomenal artist.


He drew up artwork for LZs, helicopters, strings, extractions, anything we needed art for. And Lynn did it all, put it together, turned it in. Never heard another word about it. But I was there until early part of April. And we had a mission. We had a disagreement with our base commanding officer. And then we had a hellacious party. When I left that that time, I was down to TRA for two weeks. Then my ETS ran out. I did guard duty at night and Sergeant Major told me, he said, you know, you got a choice you can extend. I'll give you any, I can give you any assignment because of your experience or you go home.


And the reductions, the reductions in force were starting at that time. And I knew that was all bad. You know, just going through those reductions and force are horrible. And I said, well, I'll just go home. Went back April 25th, signed out, went through the outprocessing and that, and you get the physical thought, the looks at your ears. And he goes, Hey, you know, your ears are bad. You should never have been in the army. You should never been here with ears like that. I said, well, it's a little too late. Doc. Did you ever get shot over there? No, no. I had shrapnel.


And again, talk about just the luck of the draw. We had a shrapnel a couple times. One time a piece of shrapnel came up and I had a a, a weak little skimpy blonde mustache hit me right here and knocked my head back and stuck in. But it ran out of energy. The worst injury I ever had was from shrapnel. When chow didn't throw the hand grenade, we were doing a a wow. We were practicing on base and chow threw the hand grenade and it went off. And it's just like, ah. And so the shrapnel went through, I, I was wearing, I jungle fatigues with buttons on them. And the shrapnel went through the button and it went into my groin and bled like a pig.


And our medics were busy with some kind of training. So they packed me up and took me down to the army hospital down there. And the army doctor went in with the sutures and they're digging around. Well they said, wait a minute, I no anset, no an no anesthesia or anything, no anesthesia. He goes, oh, I'm sorry. I thought they gave it to you. Well, he gave it to me again. He was in there digging around, he couldn't fire. And he says, look, that piece of shrapnel let you know when it wants to come out. Passed me up. And the second he left, man, I cleaned up, I stole a pair of fatigues and I was wearing another pair of jungle boots or something. Could they, what I was wearing were all bloodied up.


So all my bloody clothes were left. I jumped into them and walked out of the hospital, found the telephone called base, they came and picked me up. I'd rather be in the hands of Green Beret medics than those doctors that would dig around. Now talking about that piece of shrapnel. This past Wednesday I was in for an MRI, because my urologist wanted me to go into get an MRI. 'cause my PSA numbers are up a little bit. I've always had high PSA numbers. But she was concerned. So I go in for the MRI and I told the guy before he put me in the tube, I said, you know, be advised I have shrapnel in my groin.


Okay, let's take a picture. I go in there, we get all wound up, put the stuff going, it goes in there, the thing is gone and it stops suddenly. He pulled me out and he said that shrapnel is so big that we can't get a clear picture of your prostate or anything else. It had this big black blob damn on their photo. Damn. So that little piece of rou milk came back, but now 55 years later. Damn. Yeah. What was it like coming home for you Each time? For me it was good. I mean, I didn't have what a lot of the other vets had. I wore a uniform. People knew the special forces guys, so I don't think a lot of ves F guys were messed around with.


And I was proud of the uniform. And each time when I came home, I had mom and dad were there and family. I had my old church and the guys that that I grew up with, we played softball, we had a bowling team, put together a bowling team with the young guys. And the transition for me was relatively compared to what other guys went through, you know? And I had flunked outta college. That's why I went in the army. So I knew I had to get, I wanted to get my degree. 'cause mom had a degree or certificate for her days at when she was a young girl and really wanted to get a degree. And I went back to school, had been phys ed, but they came up with a political science major.


I loved it. So I became a political science major and a minor in English for writing. And at that time the GI bill was $200 a month. Whether you went to Harvard University or Trenton State College, As I did, $200 a month was your GI bill. And so I went back to Trenton State. My dad got me a job driving school buses and during that time, got involved in the school newspaper there and drove school buses just for the chump change. And ran my GI bill right down to the, so I used all 36 months of it. What Was it like in school for you with a bunch of kids that had never been to war?


Yeah, it was really different. But in some ways the majority of the, of the kids, there's never, never much of an issue. They, they, we had other veterans on campus and I wore my fatigue jacket for several years. I and my footwear with my jungle boots, my original pair of jungle boots. I wore them for years on, on, on campus. What was it like not being able to talk about what you did? That's Dave re gore. That's what you're supposed to do. So, and anybody who really was, was trying to ask questions about, I said, well, no, we were special forces. We, we did a lot of hard work, Dave danger stuff. And I talk about my little people right away. So we worked with the South Vietnamese.


So my story about Vietnam's different than a lot of regular Vietnam vets who went there. I mean, they would go there without any culture indoctrination at all, or appreciation of their history. When your dad read your first book and read it, what was that conversation like? It was pretty quick. It was quick? Yeah. Yeah, because he read it. And you know, at that point in time I was living in California, mom and dad had moved from Trenton to Colorado where my brother and sister were living.


And Dave had three kids there. So they had, they were close to those grandkids and they loved Denver area. So they were there and we talked on the phone, But it was about that garbage man, first and foremost. He said, you guys did some crazy stuff, but never, never too much beyond that. And he was always like respectful and distant, always very supportive. Never ever any doubt or anything from dad or mom for that matter. Now when I went back to Vietnam a second time, mom cried. That wasn't easy, but I had to do the right thing for me, explained to her why I had to do it.


And of course why I didn't care about the mps coming in the base on Monday, the day after I left. And they were, they wanted to talk to me about a couple bar fights. There had been some property destruction, allegedly, Allegedly. But at this point, I'm taking the fifth. You could talk about SOG, but you can't talk about the bar fights. Well it was spider parks and the guys, You know, Tony Harrell, I mean Tony, he was like a, a bruiser. Let's hear one. Well, we were in this bar and there's some other army personnel there. There's words between a regular army guy, a leg, and one of our guys. And so there's words that one guy throws a punch and Tony's there supporting our guy and there's a couple fights.


So whenever there's a fight, I would always be rear security. So if there guys are doing the fighting, I'm making sure nobody hits them from the back because I'm not a really good fighter. I never was good with my hands other than playing the piano, you know? And somebody, and I don, to this day, I don't know who, but somebody, I picked up one of those chairs and threw it at the six foot mirror and the beer bo not beer, but all the liquor bottles and the mirror shattered. So somebody thought that may have been me, but I, I don't know. Back then I drank a little bit more than I do now. In fact, I don't drink now.


So anyway, that may have been the incident. And while I was there, you know, I had a, I got a job pumping gas on the weekends and just to make extra money, I had a really nice 4 4 2 W 30. It was in 1969, that car was slick. And so we had that for a few months and then the insurance got too costly. And I blew up the engine on the, on the New Jersey turnpike at 130 miles an hour going home. But the warranty covered it. The car dealer was really kind and then we got it rebuilt. And What about the aftermath, John? I mean, all the killing, all the adrenaline, everything you did Well, that adrenaline thing was always something that you clearly missed.


I mean it's, you know, you, you and everybody you've ever talked to have been through that. In my case, I tried to stay physical. I went back to school. I was on, I played soccer, the JV soccer team, I wasn't that good, but I knew the coach and the coach let me come out and play because I was a veteran. And I'd get a little game time at the end of the game when either we had lost or won a game. But it was part of the, just being physical with it all, you know. And my new mission was I had to get back and I wanted to get that degree. So I really focused on that. Had a few interesting girlfriends along the way.


And then got involved in the school newspaper. It was the signal. And there was an ad in the paper for a sports writer. So I did some sports and then did some features like book reviews, movie reviews, and of course record review, led Zeppelin, You know, Emerson, Lincoln Palmer, all this great music that was coming out then. I mean good times, bad times, king Crimson. So I did all that. But I started doing opinion columns. I was the only voice on the paper. That was when we invaded Cambodia. I talked about say, this is cool, this is a good deal.


We should have done it. A long time ago, people flipped out, but, and in fact, one time after one of my columns, I get a phone call from this kid, he's crying. He says, you gotta stop writing that shit. I said, why? He says, well, my name is John Meyer and my mother thinks it's me writing that shit that you're writing. So, so I, from that point I made my byline Andile j Stryker Meyer. And that was my byline for the next 30 years. And, but I did that. And then we got involved in news and the, the spare time was doing photography. I just loved shooting. And they had a little cheap Yesica camera that was a signal camera.


So that was mine. And I used it. And we finally got a photo, photo lens. So I did photography and spent a lot of time in the dark room, wrote stories, and then became editor. And our editorship ran from January to December so that when a new school year started, the editorial board would be strong and we could recruit new people into the newspaper from there. So I was editor for two years, day and night. Worked every day on that paper for two years. And then at the end of it got hired by the Trenton Times in Trenton, New Jersey. And I hadn't had a vacation in over like two and a half, three years.


So I drove out to Colorado to see my sister for a couple days. Spent a couple days with her, and then on the way home, saw Tony Harrell and a couple of friends that I served with. And then went to work at the Trenton Times. Reported in there January, middle of January of 1975. Worked there for 10 years as a reporter and then it was owned by the Washington Post. So this is in the glory days. 1975, we had Catherine Graham came to our Trenton Times newsroom at least three different times, twice to the auditorium with woodwork and Bernstein who were like journalistic guides.


They were all there talking about Watergate and about our newspaper. 'cause it was a proud property of the Washington Post. And I started out as a reporter, just covering local governments. I was a good reporter, but my writing was weak. And after my first seven months, the editor, who was a World War II vet who hired me, said the other editors here want you to work on your writing. I'm gonna hire you, I'm gonna fire you as a full-time staff writer, but I wanna hire you back as a stringer. He said, so you know, we will pay you for any article and you're shooting pictures, any pictures you shoot.


So I did both. I made more money as a stringer than I did as a staff writer. And I still covered my old beats. And then after, I don't know, eight or nine months, he hired me back. I came back as a full-time reporter and did a little bit more in the Municipal Beast. I covered the courts and I covered the courts for seven years. Did investigative reporting along the way in my spare time. 'cause the courts, you always had recess in the summer. They're taking vacations whenever they had an excuse. And so between covering the courts, we had a opportunity. A couple, twice we made new law in New Jersey for a First Amendment rights for reporters in New Jersey on court cases that I covered.


And we took the cases all the way to the Supreme Court. Wow. And worked with the New York Times attorney, Floyd Abrams on it. And 1981, the Washington Post sold the Trenton Times to accompany. That was just, they came in, their management was there on Friday. They said, we're, we're here. There's not gonna be any cuts or anything. And that was Friday. On Monday when everybody came to work, there were 60 less people there. We had a staff of 120 on Friday. On Monday there was 60 and they laid that many people off. I was one of the ones that remained on, 'cause the courthouse beat my investigative reporting and stuff.


And then in 82, 1 of my editors had moved to San Diego and he offered me a job. So I came out and interviewed for it, but for some reason it just didn't work out. And my first wife was pregnant. And so we had our first child in Trenton. And then I worked at the Trenton Times for two more years. And then on February of 1985, we moved to San Diego, lived in North San Diego County, worked at the San Diego Union there for eight years. Did a year as a freelance writer working, or I mean a general assignment reporter working.


It could be nights covering the Clintons when they're coming to town for nafta or dead bodies floating in the Tijuana River. Things like that. And of course in 1985, a Kiki Camran, the DEA agent was killed after he was tortured by the Mexicans and the FBI had tapes of the torture. And we learned about who was there. There was state attorneys, cops, federal, state, police, all these top people were there. They were trying to get Kiki Caina to tell them who his sources were. 'cause they were DEA was hurting Mexican drug trafficking.


And they knew the Kiki Caina was the point man on that mission. Wow. Just horrible. So we did a bunch of stories and at least two of the stories, particularly, we did a story, myself and another investigative reporter, John Stanifer. We were there and we filed a report. We had to meet with our lawyers in the morning, talk to the editors, tell 'em what we're doing. And then the Mexican government filed formal complaints against our newspaper and us particularly. And they went right to Ed Meese, who was the Attorney General. Then they did nothing about because the stories were accurate. Wow. Oh yeah.


Did you deal with any type of depression or any, anything After Vietnam? No. I mean some nights you'd just go, I you that adrenaline kick and the guys and being a Green Beret in a Secret war at the top of our game, I miss being a part of that. But also thanks to the NVAI also knew that the life expectancy wasn't, wasn't that good. And we had high casualty rate, one of the highest casie rates in the Vietnam War. We've recently had more accurate numbers on that. So, but just from sheer experience, just from my introduction to Spike Team Idaho, you know, the team gets wiped out.


There's an opening now. And that happened several times. We had, by the time that happened, we had had two other teams wiped out in saag. We had possibly had Villa Rosa and his team. Everybody was killed except for the American. And that American was sent back to bring back the message. So what they would do to our SAAG guys in in in layoffs. Did You ever go back to Vietnam? Never. Why do you think so many Vietnam vets moved back to the area? Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam. Oh, the people you know, one again, once, once you deal with the people who live there, not the politicians, not the fucking communist and certainly not any of the law enforcement that's there.


'cause that's corrupt also basically. But it, the people, any American that goes back to Vietnam today is always greeted warmly. 99.99% of the time. Because the people realize the difference between being under communism and being free. And they appreciate what we had done to sacrifice. They know to sacrifice. What did you think about the pullout? Oh, it sucked. I mean, it seemed very similar to what we just experienced in Afghanistan. Yep. And again, politicians are involved. The two key reasons for the pullouts. In our case, we had the Easter Offensive in 1972 and they, the NVA had planned that so that they would hit all of our major cities as they did in 68.


And they would crush and just take over Vietnam by force. Well, they didn't. And there's also a secret SOG story here that's never been told before. That's one of the reasons why they didn't. And if we want, we could talk a little bit about that. But in 1972, they were held and they didn't break. And from that point on, we did, we removed more people and we had no combat troops left by 73. And even SOG was shut down in 72. The eight years Secret War came to an official end and the promise was the Vietnamese would fight it. And that we would continue aid to support them with tack air and to support their Air Force.


'cause their Air Force and helicopter pilots were phenomenal and they had some very good units. But Congress withheld the funding and Ford begged them to keep the money going. And they cut off all funding. And without the tack air and that support, you know, everybody will say maybe they would've fallen eventually. Well maybe they would've. But the way we did it sucked. And in my case, I'm in the newsroom and we had seen this happened where it is breaking down and then April 30th they came across the AP clacking across, they tore it off and they announced it in the newsroom. I went back to the men's room and just sat there for an hour or so. I just crying, tore up thinking about Sal Hep and the boys and the guys, they're all there.


And from it all, Hep was the only one that got out on that day. HEPs father had arranged for him to get a pass at the Thompson of the air bases. There was a C one 30 pulling out when Hep got there with his wife and his, I think it was his son. And the C one 30 had the tailgate halfway up Hep gets behind it. He throws his child in there, somebody catches the child, he helped his wife get up. Then he fell down, he jumps up. Now the C one Thirty's moving down the runway, he runs alongside that helicopter. I mean the C one 30, that arm reached out and grabbed him and pulled him into it.


He came back, came back to the States, took a while to get through it all with a sponsor and everything. He ended up in Houston and the History Channel did a piece in 2000 called The Suicide Missions. And that was the one of the first productions that aired about SOG. And it did a good job with it. And in it, I had that picture to have on the front page of Cross the Fence of Hep. And the guy from the History Channel calls up and says, Hey, there's a guy here that says his uncle's on his uncle's in that picture you showed why Almost Shit a brick.


This is 2000, you know, like 25 years they have to leave in Vietnam. So I, he gives me the phone number, I call him up. It was HEPs nephew living in Carlsbad nine miles away. So I called this young man up. I said, Hey, this is me. I know you, I know your uncle connected with he. We had phone calls and then his nephew told me he's gonna be out out to Orange County for a wedding in a couple of months. I said, well, tell me. So he gave me the flight number and everything. So the night the Hep flew into Orange County, I was at the airport. He came in on a late flight 9, 9 30 or something.


I'm there. Hep gets off the airplane. He goes, my you still Ku dinky Dao? You too tall and your feet too big? No. Hello, I missed you. No, it's like right away he says the typical smart ass, you know, Buster your balls. Oh yeah. Wonderful guy. I mean he was a great interpreter. I mean, like I said, he spoke four or five languages. He corrected my English, that's how good he was. And of course he always wore sunglasses. But him and Sal, we rebuilt the team around them and live today thanks to the team and their courage, the King B Pilots, aviators that supported us fast. Movers A One Sky, Raiders, you know, even Specter, I mean hec, there's one mission.


We even went through four specters on one night, killed thousands, but we could just have time to count the bodies. Oh yeah. So I was very fortunate. And again, it's like I felt that there was divine intervention here many times. They helped me get back here. Yeah, I would say definitely. So. Oh absolutely. For sure. Well, John, I just wanna say it was an honor to interview you and have you sitting across from me and so glad we did this and welcome home. Glad to be home and glad to be here sitting in the same chair that Sarah sat in and all those other great interviews you've had along the way there.


My God legend. We just go down the list, man, these shows are phenomenal. Thank you. So my wife and I are big fans with the team to be. So sir, Thank you. Yes sir, brother. Cheers. Till next time,


NBA veteran, Jim Jackson takes you on The court, you get a chance to dig into my 14 year career in the NBA and also get the input from the people that will be joining. Charles Barkley. I'm excited to be on your podcast, man. It's an honor, spike Lee, entrepreneur filmmaker Academy Award winner Nixon Joe. Now you see I got you. But also how sports brings life, passion, music, all of this together, the Jim Jackson show, part of the Rich Eisen Podcast Network. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.