
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's s LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed, Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast. Terms apply.


We're coming through a curve. Dad had a dish bowl like on the dashboard of the truck. We took this curve and the dish started sliding across the dashboard. So he leaned over to grab it When he did yanked the steering wheel and went in the ditch and cut a culvert and started in cartwheels. What advice would you have for kids who have lost parents? All This angst that we have is wrestling with the, the death question. We don't know when it's coming. We know it's coming, and we can't control that, you know, and so that, that terrifies us. And so we do all these things that distract us from that. The life of faith is really preparing for a good death. Father, Stephen Gadberry, Welcome to the show, man. Thanks A lot.


It's glad to have you here. Thanks. But yeah, you know, I found you actually, I don't remember how I found you, but I ran across your Instagram profile one way or another, and I just, I saw what you're posting, working out on your cycle, lots of hunting, shooting your bow. And I just, I think that's, I don't wanna sound offensive. I think it's really cool that you're a priest displaying like, like raw masculinity like that and, and making it cool. And, and I mean, I think, I think that masculinity has, masculinity has damn near disappeared in the world over the past 10 to 15 years.


And, and we just spoke. We think it's making a comeback, but, but on top of that, you just, you just don't see priests doing that kind of stuff. Yeah. And, and I think everybody, I mean, I grew up Catholic and you just, you just don't, you don't think of a priest out hunting big game or doing grueling workouts or shooting their bow or cycling or really any of that. Everybody kind of thinks of them as, eh, what do they do? Right. All the time and do the rosary. Yeah. But, but, so I just, I thought that was really cool. And that's what, that's what drew my attention to you. And so I think I've been following you for about a year, maybe a little longer.


And, and so yeah, I just wanted to, wanted to get you on the show. We had my friend, father Dan re hill on, and, and that was a fascinating interview. And so, yeah, I kind of wanna do a little bit of a life story on you and then dive into the, some of the stuff with the Catholic church. I got a ton of questions and, but yeah, thanks for coming. Yeah, thanks For the invite. I only work on Sunday, so I got all the time You need to, not really. Yeah, no, it's, it's, you know, in the Catholic church, the, the, the past or the leaders called Father to, 'cause you know, like being the spiritual father, you know, a father is one that generates life. And if you're going to, if you're gonna generate life, you gotta have some energy in you.


And I think we have a lot of men out there who aren't fathers. 'cause they're not generating energy, they're just, they're stale. They're stagnant. They're, they're too closed in on themselves. But I mean, we got a fire in us and God just wants us to spread that thing, you know? So yeah, I just try to do that through the social media stuff and day-to-day life, I crash and burn all the time. But that's, it's part of the fun. Well, it's pretty cool, man. It's really cool to see it. Thanks. Thanks. But yeah, so everybody starts out here with an intro. Actually, you wanna, you wanna kick it off with some prayer? Yeah, sure. Alright, good. And gracious God, we give you thanks for this day and the gift of life. Just pray that you send your spirit upon us.


Give us a double portion of your spirit, that we may open our heart to you and be faithful disciples. Help us to, to, to be, yeah. To follow your word, follow your voice to, to be man after, after the image and likeness of Jesus Christ. That we may follow his example and be willing to die to make sacrifices for the love of others. Amen. Amen. And everybody gets a gift, but I'll give you your main, your one of your gifts later. But this will be pretty fitting. So that is my friend Dom Razzo. I think he collapsed with a company to make these, but he calls it the Warriors Rosary.


And, and so Dom is a, is a former Seal Team six Sniper, good friend of mine. We were at Seal Team two for a long time. And he's a, he's a very devout Catholic and has been a spiritual mentor of mine. And So I gave, I gave Jim Kiesel. He, I used to only have one. And then I gave it to Jim Kiesel When he came on. We talked about Jesus and, and the movie, the passion and stuff. And so he sent me a couple more. And I just thought, I thought you'd like that. This is cool, man. Thanks. Yeah, yeah. You're welcome. Welcome. Thank You. Yeah, I did bring some old toys for you.


If you want 'em now or later. I love toys. Let's, let's do it. First one is actually, you know, Bible. But I do a lot of stuff with Bishop Robert Barron and Word on Fire. I don't know if you've heard of him. Does a ton of stuff. Evangelization. We started this project a number of years ago with Word on Fire to create a series of the Bible. And the goal in this is not just to read the word of God, but to experience the word of God. And so through, its of course the scriptures. This is the gospels, the four gospels. And then, but it's got commentary from the church fathers, from saints, from Bishop Baron. Just a beautiful text. Thank you. Wow.


Thank you. And then this is, this is, I think you like that. Hopefully. Oh man, I just got into making knives And you're making knives now. Yeah. Whoa. So I made that one for you. It's kinda sharp From scratch. I got the blade already, like pre forged and treated and everything heat treated, but I shaped it and did the handle. There's two engravings on there. Aji, we may talk about this later. It's like a motto that I go by. Fer, menaces, Loyola. It means like, do what you're doing. That's a literal translation, but the, the sense of it is don't half it.


Like whatever you're gonna do, just give it. Hell. Like don't half it. Go all in. Yeah. And then the other side of that is Hebrews, I think four 12. I don't remember the verse exactly, but it's the, the word of God sharper than a two-edged sword. Piercing the heart and soul. Bones and marrow. That's a twoedged knife. So I thought, thought it was kind of fake. Oh man, that's, I'm framing this. Enjoy it. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I'll, I'll, I'll make you another one you can use. Right, Right on. Got some shirts here too. We can, you know, You always need more gear. Hats from our Hunt group. Mayhem Hunt. But so, oh yeah. Thank you. You never Run too many t-shirts.


That's One Very cool Shirts. Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. Thank you. Yep. Wear this stuff. Yeah man. I appreciate it. Well, Thanks man. Yeah. Enjoy it. Those are the bible and the knife are really cool, man. Yeah. So was the gear, but, well that really good. There you go. That's the main, everybody gets these except doctors. Sometimes they don't give them to doctors. 'cause are they I'm self-conscious. That is, it's vigilance league, gummy bears made here in the USA. They taste amazing. You're gonna pass your drug test. There's no funny business in there. But I'll may eat some Later. Cool, cool. But yeah, I feel, I feel really, they feel good.


Like they Feel Go ahead, rip 'em open, dry 'em, dry 'em. They smell darn good. It's good. It's a good gummy bear. They passed the test. Never thought I'd say that in my life. That's a good gummy bear. Do, do you know who Viva is by chance? Vivek Ram Swami. Yeah. Yeah. He came in here and ripped, ripped them open. Yeah. Yeah. He ripped them open before I could tell him anything. And I said yes. So the effects of those will kick in at about 30 minutes. He was, he was like, oh God, it was hilarious. But, oh shit. But everybody, everybody starts off with a introduction, so here we go.


Father Stephen Gadberry, you're raised on a family farm in the Arkansas Delta. After graduating high school in 2004, you enlisted in the United States Air Force and worked in logistics in Texas, Germany, and central Iraq. You entered seminary in 2008 and majored in philosophy and liberal arts at St. Joseph's Seminary College in Louisiana. You completed your graduate and postgraduate theological studies at the Pan Ponti. How am I, how do I say this? Pontifical, Pontifical Gr Georgian University and Pontifical.


Augustinian. That's a big one. Woo. University. You have to have a master's just to read that. In Rome, Italy, you were ordained in 2016 here in and are currently the pastor of St. Theresa Catholic Church and school in Little Rock, Arkansas, which is a 10,000 member church in pre-K through eighth grade school. 10,000. That's 95% of your con congregation is Hispanic. That's interesting. You are an avid hunter and outdoors man. As we covered earlier, you're an accomplished athlete. And we're on seasons 10 and 12 of American Ninja Warrior and recently completed the Leadville 100.


Is that Leadville? Yeah. You're a part of breeding's. Not my strong suit. Obviously you're a part of the mayhem Hunt crew led by Rich frowning where the team has combined their love for hunting and fitness to develop a hunting and back country specific fitness training program. Additionally, you have two dogs, you play the harmonica and you recently started making knives as we just saw. And and like I said, I, I ran across your IG profile. I thought it was really cool, like all the stuff that you're doing in addition, in addition to being a priest and kind of spreading, you know, in a, it's just a good way to spread masculinity, man.


You just have cool hobbies. It's cool that you're, that you're doing that as a priest. You're not like, you're not like a lot of these guys that are like ramming, masculinity down people's throats. 'cause I think that's stuff is stupid. And you, you're just a good example. And, and that like you just, you, you, you seem to lead by example. And I think, I think that in itself is also becoming a lost art. So thanks man. Thank you for being there. Thanks. Had a lot of good examples in my life. And just try to Yeah, we're all on this journey and it's rough. It's a, it's a tough, you know, life is brutal and you know, If, if we're gonna get through it, we gotta like put the nose to the grindstone, but to have the fullest life as we're going through it, like you've gotta, you gotta confront reality.


You know? It's, you know, you only find God in reality, not in fantasy. And by finding God you find the fullness of life. And so if you want the fullest life, I mean, you gotta be real. And that requires like, like, don't be fake, you know, and like be real, be authentic, you know? So yeah, just try to share That. Yeah. You know, we, We were talking about Hunting and, and downstairs and, and you know, I killed my first deer and then we started talking about going on an elcon and I'd have a, a couple of invites to go elk hunting and I'd love to do it. But we, we were talking, I was like, man, I can't, I have a real problem leaving business, especially for a week. I get super anxious.


I feel like I have to be working. I think it goes back to my time in the seal teams. If you're not, if you're not training, if you're out playing, grab as the enemy's training to kill you. Right. And they'll be advancing while you're over here fucking around. Yeah. And, and I've kind of carried that through the rest of my adult life. But you had mentioned that, that you also have, you know, one pace. Yeah. And it's, and it's all in. And I'll just let you pick it up from there. You had some good stuff to say about that. Just like a dog chasing the ball. That's what I do. I wake up and just chase it and you know, too fast and asleep or my two speeds.


Yeah. You know, we live in such a fast-paced life world and, and that's good. That's a good thing. God made us to be creative. He gives us this energy and you know, this productivity is, and this desire to work as a blessing, that's a superpower from God. God made you to be fruitful and multiply. To have a family and have a family requires you to take care of 'em. So like the hustle here, the work that you do every day is providing for the family. So that's like, that's good. The most primal way of providing for the family is going out and killing an animal. Like, and so that's just, you know, you can provide now, but, you know, getting a check and, and buying the stuff you need. Another way to do that is like, go out and get an animal, put some food on the table.


That's a good point. But it's, there's so many studies out here. You got a bunch of really cool friends and I'm sure like they, they could chime in on this. Like, I'm thinking of Hub and I'm sure he could, there's some science behind this, but of like disconnecting for a second, for the sake of productivity. We can get so zeroed in on the stuff that we're doing that this tunnel vision, it can, it can shut us off of a lot of stuff. And so when, when you rest it like you rest for a little bit, it just allows the brain and the heart to breathe a little bit. Those, when I go hunting, for example, 'cause that's what we're talking about, I'll go out for a couple weeks at a time every fall. And it's, it's a nice disconnect.


It's terrifying. I mean, you're out there alone in the elements, maybe with a couple friends, but, you know, I do a lot of it alone too. And so you just, you go into those dark places that you've been, you know, putting aside for the last year, two years, the rest of, you know, your whole life, whatever. Yeah. And you gotta wrestle with that stuff. But the silence is a sacred thing, man. And our culture is terrified of it. I'm scared of it. Yeah. You know, but, but because it's in the silence that you, you wrestle with your demons, but beyond that, it's in the silence that you hear the voice of God. And while demons like will scare us, and rightly so, they should something even more terrifying is the voice of God. And what I mean is like, and then silence.


God can ask you to do anything, you know, drop your nets and follow me. And it could reveal itself. He could ask you to do, you know, anything, you know, move across the world and do this project or whatever it may be. And I then the ball's in our court and that scares us. 'cause if we truly open our heart up to the Lord, man, we don't know what he's gonna ask and lose control. But like, we don't really have the control to begin with anyhow. So, so many different ways we can take this. But the silence. Well What, what, hold on. So where I was going at the beginning, as you had mentioned, Satan, Satan can use that against us. Yeah. That basically that drive. And that's kind of where I was going, but Gotcha. You're talking about you're ta and I, I can disconnect. It's, it's hard for me to make time, but I will make time and I make time for my wife.


I make time for my kids, you know, stuff like that. Making time a week Yeah. To go out west. That's, that's a little hard. I'd like to ask you about psychedelics too, but you're talking about opening up and, and grounding and being in the elements and, and hearing the voice of God. And so I think a Lot, I mean, I I I'm always my, my relationship with Christ and God has been growing at, at a exponential rate. Yeah. It's growing so fast and I'm, I'm really learning to lean into my gut. And, and, and to me that's my gut is that, is God telling me.


Yes. Yeah. And I feel like he gives me these little affirmations, like That's right. That's, that's what I'm telling you to do. And so I'll give you an example. I, I talked about, I don't wanna go into the whole story for time sake 'cause I've told it a bunch of times, but I had this really big experience in Sedona, and that's kind of what brought me back to Christ. And like I said, I had grown up Catholic, joined the Seal teams, contracted for the CIA, acted like a total bachelor idiot for 20 years. And then, you know, basically pushed God in Christ to just pushed him aside.


And not that I didn't believe, but I just didn't care. Sure. And anyways, so had this really profound experience. Basically it was God smacking me in the face like three times right in a row. Yeah. Totally different experiences. But all within about 15 minutes. And then I started seeing these numbers, these reoccurring numbers all the time. Mm. And the first one was four. Four four. It was everywhere I looked and sometimes multiple times, 3, 3, 3 times at once. Wow. Like, first time it happened to me, it was 4 44 on the clock, 444 miles left to empty.


And four hours and 44 minutes after a conversation that I just had with a very good friend of mine about how guardian angels are watching over me. And I was like, whoa, okay. It just happened again. And so now if I'm, if I'm, if I'm iffy about something, or here's an example, I just went and I interviewed this guy Colleen George Escu in Romania. He's running for, he's running for president of Romania. They basically shut the election down. There's a possibility that he's under Russian influence. There's a possibility that they're just using Russian influence to not get him elected.


Very really confusing and complicated situation. And I wanted to, I I was like, man, am I, am I doing the right thing by giving this guy a voice? All I'm doing is giving him a voice. And I started seeing the reoccurring numbers everywhere I look. Wow. And to me, I'm like, I'm doing the right thing. And I had, I had sent this tweet out and it was, it was, the truth is like a lion set it free and it'll defend itself. Right. As I did that, this woman comes around the corner in the airport and she has a big glittery lion head on her shirt.


And I was just like, okay. Like that's, to me, to me that's God's voice. Or that's God telling me you're doing the right thing, Sean, just lean into it. Yeah. Like I'm showing you. Yes. I mean, so I'm, I'm curious when you say you get out there and you're hearing the voice of God and he's telling you to do different things. Yeah. What is that like? What, what is that to you?


You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating, but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested, qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for. And they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology in switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're a hundred percent US-based team can activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones in. One. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on-the-go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot. And right now use the promo code SS for a free month of service when you sign up. Switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Yeah. For me, one of the way that that it comes about is just like clarity from like all the stuff I've been going through before. So it's almost like a retrospective, like just time to reflect. So going back to like the, the, the work stuff is a superpower that God's given us. Like man in particular to provide, like we're the providers and we gotta do stuff. And if you don't, your family dies. The village dies, society dies, the world dies. Right? So we gotta, we gotta put stuff out. We got, we gotta be producers, you know, Satan likes to use that because if we can be so task, if we get too task oriented, then we forget about like making time for the, for the main things. For the important things.


So you were talking about these different little signs or affirmations that God would give you whenever you're just working like too fast or too much like you're gonna miss 'em. I'm sure there's four 40 fours that are, that you walked by, you know, before, like when you're just on a mission just going, they were there the whole time. But what's what's going on now is like, you're more aware of it and the more aware of it you become the, the more you'll see 'em and you'll then you'll really, really realize like how present God is in your life setting time aside to, to like, to slow down, to be still and know that God is, God is like, it's a sacred moment. If you think about Sunday, like the Lord says, keep holy the Sabbath, don't do a bunch of serve all labor.


Doesn't mean like sit, you know, you can't do work, but it's first day of the week, it's like a proper orientation to God. If we can set aside work for a moment, it's not laziness, but it's actually an act of faith. Because what what we're doing is saying, God, I can bust my ass, but if I take this hour, this day, this week to be with you, be with my family to do whatever. Like I'm recognizing that you're God and I'm not. And so I I'm capable of doing this work, capable of doing this stuff, but you know, you could end my life right now like I exist because you're holding me in existence. And so whenever we take these little breaks, it's like a pro, you know, profession of faith that God is gonna take care of us.


And so for me to bring it back to the, the, the last question that you made was like, when I'm out in the woods, out in the mountains, it's just time for me to stop and like let the dust settle from the rat race that I'm always running and then just get clarity. And for me it doesn't take long. I mean, it could be an afternoon Hunt, like going out to Hunt whitetails. It could be a drive in the truck when I have the radio off, you know, nothing at all. A 20 minute drive could be working out just for 20 minutes, 30 minutes, an hour, whatever. But a little bit of space to decompress and let the thoughts fall in line. That for me, that's kind of how the Lord speaks. Like, he'll, I got all these puzzle pieces that I've been picking up. Whenever I take that time of silence, I can put all those little puzzle pieces in order and then then I get the big picture.


So I, I don't know if that makes sense, but Yeah, it makes sense. It's, it's, I think what you're saying is clarity. Yeah. Mindfulness, it's all this stuff. It's, it's, it's all over pop culture, you know, it's all over the place. 'cause there's something behind it. Definitely. The clarity. What were you saying? How does Sadan take advantage of this? Yeah, so what most simply put is like, he'll allow us to fall so deep into our own endeavors that we begin to believe that we're God of our own life. That we can save ourself. If I can work this hard and make this kind of income and do all these things, whether not, doesn't even have to be an income, it could be productivity of any sort. It could be whatever you're doing.


But whenever that becomes the main thing, we end up worshiping that an idol. And then the lie that we begin to believe is that we're self-sustaining. Like, you know, I I I can take care of it. I don't need God. You know, and we, we begin to believe that we're in control of everything. Like we're, yeah. Like we're God. So that's, that's the way that Satan will do it. It's, it's a very tactical way of him to get us off, off path. 'cause if he knocks on the door, you know, Satan appears like in a way that you can't deny that it's Satan, you're gonna say it like, no, get behind me, you know, in the name of Jesus be gone because it's gonna be so obvious. So therefore he likes to hit us where we're strong.


He goes to our talents. And then from there he starts, you know, upping the pride and the ego. And that's the root of all sins, pride, you know? And so that's kind of kinda a simple way of putting how he manipulates it. Well how can people keep a balance? How do they know when they're going too far? Yeah, I'd say look for the fruits of the spirits. I mean, if, if your marriage is crumbling or if, what's the most basic things? If you're not doing the most basic things, then you need to put stuff in order. So marriage, if your marriage is, is falling apart because this thing is now your wife. If the work that I'm doing becomes my wife or if I'm a dad or mom and, and I got kids, but I'm never with them.


That's something I'm always on the guys at, at the church. I got some hardworking people in my church and they'll be gone Monday through Friday and then be home Saturday and then have to leave again on Sunday, Sunday evening. So they can go to their Monday through Friday job away out of town. They're spending the whole day Saturday sleeping and recovering. And then they got basically Sunday to, to be with the family. Like, yeah, you're working to provide a, provide stuff for your family, but at the end of the day, your kid just wants to be with you. Hey dad, will you play with me? You know, like, so what are the relationships look like? Is the work that you're doing supporting that, those relationships or is it getting in the way of 'em?


That's, that's kind of a simple way. Also, another way would be like, like look at your own vices and, and sins or, you know, addictions for example. Yeah. So I, I'd say look at those, those secondary signs, relationships. And then just your own, your own virtues or the lack thereof. Do you have any vices? I got a bunch. What are some of your vices? Man? Work. Work? It's hard to, hard to stop. I just, 'cause I love going. I love going. That's one. What do you do for work? Other, I mean, what does your work consist of outside of Sunday mass?


Yeah, so outside the Sunday masses, you know, got this large community. So it's, I'm essentially in charge of all the operations for the, for the, for the community, for the, all the members of the parish, but then also all the buildings, the structures. So it's a little bit of everything. It could be of course preparing for Sunday services, preparing people for marriages, doing marriage counseling, doing funerals, going to the prisons, hiring contractors to do work. We're starting a lot of development at our school right now. We're just, the school is exploding and, and so it's cool, but it's making some, some problems. Like some good problems. We gotta do construction. So I'm talking to contractors and doing building plans and calls to the hospital.


Finances, gotta oversee all the books and everything. I have a bookkeeper who does that, but I mean, I'm over her so I gotta make sure that she does that. Visits. You're a CEO Essentially. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of how we operate. All the, all the pastors, all the, the Catholic priests at their churches are, it's our little village. Interesting. Do you got you have over 10,000 members. It's wild. Yeah. Where at In Arkansas. Again, little Rock Man, that's a, that's a, that's a lot of people. It's cool man. 95% Hispanic. Yeah. Yeah. What do you give the mass in Spanish. And in English we have seven masses over the weekend. Two of those are in English and the other five are in Spanish.


Wow. Yeah. And it's still growing man. People are still coming. The community's growing. What's bringing them in Work? A lot of it's work. I mean, little Rock, just like so many other cities in the US are growing, especially these conservative states. You know, people are leaving the more liberal states to go to these conservative places and, and Arkansas's, you know, very con conservative state. And so that just requires the growth and developments Construction. Well that's not exactly what I meant. I meant, I didn't realize Arkansas was growing. I heard Bentonville is, It's Wild, going crazy. But, But it seems to be this wave of Christianity.


If people coming to Christ And I'm moving there while they come to church, are You, are you saying that? Yeah. Okay. I get your question. Now. What Happened to me happened to a bunch of people I know. Yeah. We're at the point now where like we realize the, the juice that the world's given us doesn't satisfy our thirst. It doesn't quench our thirst. And so like, we're going deeper. We we're realizing that like the passing things of this world, as good as they are, they're not the best thing. We can use 'em as long as they take us to something higher, something greater, something outside ourselves. And people are aware of that. We live in a world now. It's so divided. Everything is so political or is that the word political? Like it's, it's on these extremes that, I mean, everyone's on edge all the time, you know?


And that's exhausting. Yeah. It's so exhausting. And so people are just wanting some time to breathe. And so they, that naturally opens up this spiritual side of people, which then leads 'em to ask big life questions. And whenever you slow down in this crazy life, like you realize after all the work, after all the stuff I do, after this life that I live, I'm gonna die. And ultimately, like all this angst that we have is wrestling with the, the death question. We don't know when it's coming. We know it's coming, but we don't know when and we can't control that, you know? And so that, that terrifies us. And so we do all these things that distract us from that. And so the life of faith is really preparing for a good death.


That's memento moria. Haven't you've heard that before? I'm sure you have. Like, remember your death Memento Moori. It's a Latin phrase and just said ancient Christian reflection. A lot of times you'll see Christian art and there'll be a skull like in, in the corner of the painting or on the, the table or something. And it's a reminder that, you know, you're gonna be six feet under someday. And so we have to live every day like, so that we, you know, prepare for a good death basically when we go meet the maker and, you know, give that final account. Do you see a lot of spiritual warfare?


Yeah, it's, it's, it's pretty hidden. Like, it's not like the movies, the stuff that I see isn't, like, you see in the movies, it's pretty hidden. It's a lot of it's marriage. It's Satan is going after families. That's where he is going. And I see that all the time. So many broken families. I've done three funerals over the last month, the last last few months. Two of 'em within a week and one back in November of a 17-year-old 19-year-old and a 24-year-old that got shot. You know, they were just violence gangs or drug stuff or what, you know, whatever the, the, the reason, like I see that, I see marriages falling apart. I see infidelity, I see kids just losing their mind 'cause they don't have, you know, good, good parents.


And the parents are just lost and confused. And so that's how Satan, he can't destroy the world, or I mean he could, but like he'll do it one family at a time if he's gonna do it. And to take it back to the whole work thing. Like he, he, he goes after dads, you know, if a dad is not there, then it's, he's the, he's the cornerstone of the family. You know, moms are necessary. Of course the women are necessary. So it was dad, the men, but so when it comes to warfare, spiritual warfare, I see it like that. That's the biggest place where I see a family's being broken apart.


I, I see, I think I see a, I never really thought of that as being spiritual warfare, to be honest with you, but I I I think that there's a lot of things happening in the world that are coming to light, that are grabbing people's attention. Like, I'll, I'll bring something up like, like that, like the last supper skid at the Olympics. Did you see that? Yeah. I mean I, I feel like people see something like that and they're like me in particular, and they look at that and they think, holy shit. Okay, that is Satanic.


If there is, if satanic is that shit, is that prevalent? Yeah. But that means the other's real. Yeah. And so, you know, and a lot of this stuff was really making me angry. Like, like last year Easter, you know, the White House did the, the trans visibility day. Okay. Yeah. Which, which whatever they said they put that in long time ago or something, and then it just happened to fall on that day. Conveniently fell on the day. Yeah. And, but then you look at the letterhead and it had little Easter bunnies and all this other shit on there. And I, and to me I'm like, wait a minute, they're, they're perverting the day of the resurrection, right?


And so as much as that upsets me and seeing things like the Olympics and, and, and Mutilating kids and all these other things, you know, you could, we could line 'em all up here, But it, it, it almost, in a weird way, it gives me it, it's almost proof that God exists. Because if it's that bad and it is satanic and that's where it's coming from, then that means that the other, that the good side exists as well. And so now when I see stuff like that, it actually, it actually strengthen, strengthens my faith.


Does that make any sense? Totally. Totally. Does this stuff fall under spiritual warfare? A hundred percent. It's all disordered. You know, it's all disordered. Yeah. And most simply put, and, and God created universe, the universe, everything in it, like in a proper ordered way. Like Logic is like, like people don't argue with numbers two plus two is four. Like, there's some like objective truth, like that's a simple thing for, for that. But like evil comes in and he like Satan, he can't make stuff, he doesn't create things. He just distorts what's already there. So he'll manipulate the truth, he'll manipulate what is real. So he'll manipulate like the way that we see identity or gender, like say, you know, this is what for all of humanity, it's male and female.


But now, now it's like, no, it can be whatever you want it to be. It's like, no, you're, you're turning something that's good into something that's bad. You're distorting it, you know, it's a lie. It just flips all this stuff on its head. So one of the words that you use, like just these perversions, that's a, that's a good word for it. It's just perverting the truth. It's twisting it around and saying two plus two is five and it's all over. Wait, how much? How much? So that's another, this is something I think about all the time, you know, especially with, with the, the growing existence of AI stuff like Neuralink.


I mean, and then you, and then you, you know, I brought on you Father Dan Re, hill Lee Strobel, John Burke. Like, I'm, I'm super interested in the subject, but you know, the, everybody talks about how Satan is the, is the master of deceit. He's the master liar. He, he, he can manipulate things and make it appear as something else. And so I'm just curious, I mean, how much, so this makes me think how much of everything we know today is a complete lie. How much, how much is a, how much is a lie?


Are we even, you know, you hear people talk about, oh, are we in a simulation? Is this a false reality? Ai, we talk, I talked to Huberman about Neuralink and he had, he had, I said, well, he, he, he was talking about how they, it could help blind people see. And I said, well, if it can help blind people see, then could they create a, an entire false reality inside of your head? And he said, oh yeah, if they can make you, if they can make blind, see they can, they can manipulate all the other senses, taste, smell, touch, emotion.


It's wild. All of that stuff. And so it makes, it just makes me wonder, you know, how much of what we know today or what we think we know is a lie. Yeah. And will this all get revealed at death? Good question. How much? It's, it's a lot. I would bet. Is there, it seems like there's a lot around it, man. I just kept going back to freedom. Freedom. Like that's all this stuff is bad. And as much as it takes our freedom away, God wants us to be free to be a saint, to be in the presence of God. And that's perfect freedom. That's the fullness of life. Anything that takes away our freedom, our free will, our consciousness.


Like is it gets us away from that, you know? But freedom is, is, that's ultimately what, when God made Adam and Eve, he made them perfectly free until they started doubting and questioning and then kind of not thinking that they were free enough. So they tried to make their own freedoms, the forbidden fruit, you know, it's like the scripture will, will tell us that just the image of the forbidden fruit, but it's about freedom. All these other things are bad. And as much as they take our, our free will away from us. So AI is a good thing, man. It's here, you know, it's, it's not gonna go away. So how do we move forward with it ethically and morally, like in as much as it helps us with productivity and, and to be more free, that's great.


But if it takes away our freedom, but I mean, it's like if it, if we rely on it so much that we're not creatively thinking and making decisions on our own and then, then it's bad because ultimately that's what it's all about. Like, God wants us to be, to be free. And what's the ultimate freedom? Like this radical creativity. So going back to the work conversation, work that's done like freely and properly ordered is, is a creative act. That's what work is. It's you're, you're creating stuff, you're, and you're cooperating in the creation of the, of the world. So there's a lot of dignity at work.


But yeah, just freedom. So any, any way that all this stuff around us takes away our freedom. It's not from God. What is the freedom? The freedom is to do the right thing, to do what's right, not to freedom to do whatever the hell you want. It's the freedom to do what's right. I'm not free to go out and rob 15 banks today if I want to, like, because that's not right. I'm not free to go out and just drink a 30 pack of beer and then drive around town. Like that's not good. You know, I'm not free to kill somebody like just out of cold-blooded murder. Like that's not, that's not freedom. If there's a, you know, You're saying you have freedom to make the choice. Yeah.


That's, is that, that's kind what it boils your definition of free will is. Yeah, yeah. To make the, to make the, to make the right choice. We freedom make the right choice. You have, you have the free will of whether to choose good or to choose the Evil. Correct. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then, so you mentioned psychedelics just in passing and we, we can jump into that a little bit later or whenever you want. But like something with that, or alcohol or drugs or like anything like this is like, it would be bad in as much as it takes our free will. Thomas Aquinas talks about alcohol, for example, and like, you know, how much can you drink? And he says to the point of hilarity, that's kinda like the way he like, just 'cause to the point of hilarity means that like you, you still have full use of your reason, but as soon as something takes away your faculties, then you're not free in that.


And that's where Satan wants to come in. 'cause if we don't maintain the proper use of our faculties and reason, then that's because we've surrendered it to someone else. And so anytime that we surrender that, like if we're under the influence of something to the point where it takes, where our faculties completely, we've surrendered that free will to somebody else. And at that point they're free to make decisions for in our name. I mean, to really simplify it, like think of a parent raising a kid, the parent's gonna make decisions for the kids because it's their proper, you know, like it's their, their right thing to do. You know, a power of attorney is another example. You give someone else the, the freedom to make decisions in your name, but that can be a slippery slope.


If you give the freedom to the wrong person, they can abuse that power of eternity and just screw you. And then if you take another step further into the spiritual realm, if you, if you give your freedom to some spiritual being that's not God, then that's a, that's, that's how Satan makes his way in. Is our destiny chosen for us? I don't think it's chosen. So if God knows everything that's going to happen, then how is it not? So God's knowledge doesn't necessarily predetermine, you know, where we will end up.


He may know where we're gonna end up. That's not because he's predestinate, it's because like he just, he knows all things God's outside of space and time, God's all knowing the, the foreknowledge of God is, I guess kinda a simple way of understanding this. Seeing Augustine or St Augustine depend, you say his name, he talks about this free will and predestination and everything, and it's like God's foreknowledge is that which guarantees us the freedom to choose rightly in that moment in the future. So it's like if he knows all this stuff, but it's just like a, a parent leading their kid, you know, through something in life and you walk with the kid and you say, okay, we're here now let's make the decision. I've taught you all this stuff up to this point, now you're gonna make the decision.


What do you make if it's a wrong decision, you help your kid learn from it and then move on. If it's the right decision, they keep going. So God's foreknowledge is kinda like a parent walking with, with a kid. So yeah, that's the kind of simplest way I could put it for I get too theological with it. Do you think he knows if we're gonna wind up a believer or a nonbeliever? He wouldn't, yeah. I mean, God would know. He knows all things. So he, he would know that. But for him to know if we're gonna be a believer or a nonbeliever if we're gonna be in heaven or hell does not mean that he would've predestined that God cannot predestine or like it, it's not in God's nature to, to will something bad for somebody.


God is love. And so God would not create any of us, like with a plan of sending us to hell. It would be the choice that we freely make in that regard. Hmm. What are your thoughts on psychedelics? You know, I just, I found a lot of healing through them. A lot of my friends have that have been to war and you know, it's always a very, very controversial subject within Catholic Christian world. A lot of people say it's demonic. A a lot of people say it, it it, it opens up, you know, people are trying to open up their third eye and that's how demons come in.


It's like a window. A lot of people say that, you know, it's, it's, it's a false reality that you experience. But I've seen a lot more good than bad come from this stuff. Way more good. And so I'm, I've, I've heard that some people use psychedelics to open people up before exorcisms. I'm just curious, what, what are your thoughts on psychedelics? And guess The initial thing is like how much of your free will can be maintained in that? And if it is surrendered in the use of that, who is, who is rightly gonna be your, your guardian during that moment? You know, that's kinda one thing that's kind of a high, like a high thought or whatever, but they're doing a lot more studies.


And I think what with, with more of these studies, like we'll have a clear understanding of the morality of it and the ethics of it and everything, which is good. So we have to do the studies and, and everything and figure out more big thing is like, can it be like, how can you con control the consistency of it? Like if like in a beer, you know how much alcohol is in there now? Like with Yeah, do you know how much is in it? And then if you can measure it and know how much is in it, then you can control how much you take, which would control the effects. And What about, what about from a spiritual standpoint? Yeah, you know, a lot like with, with with people that's saying it's, it's demonic. It's demonic forces.


You're opening yourself up to, to a to the spiritual realm. I mean, what what are your, what are your thoughts on that? Yeah. Is it, is it spiritual suicide? Hmm, that's a good question, man. I'm still, I'm still learning more about it myself. You know? Now if you compare psychedelics to crystal meth or something, I think those are two totally different creatures, you know, or cocaine or whatever. Like some, like a, like one of these manmade drug or something versus like something that is naturally derived. I think, I think that in itself is an argument that needs to be explored more.


To answer your question, like does it open you up to the demonic stuff? I think, I think it can. I think it can, you know, just in the shortest answer, yeah, it gives me the bb. I, I don't wanna, I don't know if I'd wanna do it. Have you ever done it? I've done psychedelics. No. Is the spiritual realm right here amongst us Always. Huh? We can't, there's so much more in this world and this universe and this life than what we can just sense, you know, what would be an example? I mean you can look up something on Wikipedia and you can read one article, but there's still all the rest of Wikipedia that's still there and exist even though you haven't read it.


We have our senses that allow us to take information in, but think of those senses as just experiencing like one Wikipedia page of what this life is all about. That's kinda like the horizontal kinda way of understanding. But if you take that vertically, like to this spiritual realm, yeah, I mean it's all, it's all around us. Just a day like life experiences will reveal, life experiences will reveal that there's, there's more to this life than just the things we can touch and see and smell. I mean, every human being has had a good day and a bad day. You know, we've all done stuff that has changed our mood and make it as happier or sad, mad or angry, whatever it may be. We've all had people say something to us that it's a word that we hear in our head, But it does something inside us.


It can piss us off or can make us feel loved and consoled. It's all around us. It's, it's all around us. We gotta be aware of it, respected, but at the same time we can't get hung up on it. What I mean is like God wants us to live a live life like being reality. Do you think there's ways to access it? Prayer. It's like the initially comes to mind. I don't know, like a short, I'm just, I'm a little, I'm a redneck from, from the farm. Okay, sure. Yeah. There's, there's definitely ways to access it. Okay. There's definitely ways to access it.


Well, let's dig into your life story. So real quick, one thing I forgot, sorry about this. So I have a Patreon account, it's a subscription account and they've been with me since the beginning. We've grown quite the community in there. And one of the things I offer them the opportunity to, to ask each and every guest a question. And so it's a long question, so I'm gonna summarize it, okay? It's from Brian Duff, but Brian was born and raised Catholic and basically he's a, he's a paramedic, combat veteran, experienced a lot of trauma, a lot of evil, a lot of inhumane stuff.


He's lost a lot of friends to suicide. And he says, after a long description, while I believe in God, I guess what I'm asking is how do I not be angry with him because I'm pissed at him. If he is all powerful as we're taught, why would he allow such things to happen? Fantastic question, Mr. Duff. Brian, was that his name? Brian or Brian? Yeah. Good, good question Brian. Man, first thing I would say is like, be pissed at God. He's a big boy. If you're mad at God, like the only way to encounter God is in reality. I mentioned that earlier. I think I did, if not, I was thinking, but yeah, like the only way to encounter God is in reality, not in fantasy.


So if you're pissed at God, tell him. I mean, he already knows what you're feeling and thinking. He knows what's in your mind. He knows what's in your heart. He knows all the stuff that you saw. He was there with you. And that's the beauty of Christianity. That, that God is, I mean, it's the message of the cross. Like God doesn't sit on some, you know, crystal, throne and gaze on us. Like a, you know, somebody watching the fish in a tank like he was crucified. Like he's been to the depths of hell, like he knows better than us what that is. And so first thing is meet God at that spot. 'cause it's only through reality and in reality that you're gonna encounter God. So start with that stuff, man.


And then from there, everything else just kinda snowballs. What's the, the second part? So why the last question that he said, How do I not be angry with him because I'm pissed at him. Okay. If he is all powerful as we're taught, why would he allow such things to happen? Good. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, again, just it's okay to be mad at God. I think a lot of people have never been given that freedom to mad at God. Some of the best prayers that I've had, I've chewed him out and then afterwards he, like, he, he, he brings some light to it and meaning to it. So start there and then he's so good.


Like why do these things happen? That's the, the, that's the typical question of suffering. If God is so good, wiser evil in the world, and it's because of, because of his love. And I'll explain that because it doesn't make sense. Like if God loves us, then how can that be the reason for the evil? Like love is always proposed and it's never imposed, right? God doesn't spiritually rape us. He always intimately invites us to a deeper relationship. He gives us the full free will to respond however we want to respond. 'cause love is again, is not forced on somebody. It's an offer. It's, it's an invitation that's given and then we respond to that. We're broken people man.


And so therefore we make dumb decisions. And those dumb decisions can be here and now. Or they could be generational things that you could, I don't want to make it more than what it is or like, kinda like, but like you could do something. Now I'm thinking like the butterfly effect. Like it's not really the butterfly effect, but you can do something now that's going to like, cause like something evil 50 years or a hundred years down the road.


We know y'all love your guns. Now imagine kicking your shooting experience up a notch with a suppressor from Silencer Shop. Your range days get even better and your hunts become unforgettable. Shooting suppressed is cooler, quieter and honestly just a heck of a lot more fun. Yes, silencers are totally legal in most states and Silencer Shop makes getting one easier than ever. Suppressors mean tighter groups, less kick and no more ringing ears at the end of the day. Whether you are after that trophy buck ringing, steal targets, or just enjoy the range with friends, adding a suppressor transforms your firearm from pretty good to downright amazing silencer shop's got the biggest and best selection of suppressors, perfect for any firearm and any shooting style. But they do more than just sell Silencers. Silencer Shop is out there every day defending your Second amendment rights and fighting for our freedoms nationwide. Do your guns and your rights a favor? Head over to Silencer Shop and see how much better your guns can be. Silencer Shop is The best way to get a suppressor must be 21 or Older, not legal. In California, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Washington, dc. This ad is paid for by Silencer Shop.


Some Decisions can wait, but some need Immediate action like getting Life Insurance Fabric by Gerber Life is a simple, proactive way for parents to help protect their families. Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance you can get done today. Made for busy parents like you all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes. With no health exam required, fabric has partnered with Gerber Life, trusted by millions of families like yours for over 50 years. I'm making sure I'm helping to protect my family's future with fabric. Securing a future for my wife and kids is my top priority. And Fabric works for me because there's no risk. There's a 30 day money back guarantee and you can cancel at any time. Fabric has more than just life insurance, free digital wills and more. Plus, manage it all right from your phone. Join the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to help protect their family. Apply today in just minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meat fabric.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states. Price is subject to underwriting and health questions.


The only mattress I have in my house right now for my family is Helix. If I wanna sleep without interruption and without tossing and turning, I can always count on my award-winning mattress from Helix. They have an option for all types of sleepers, like if you're dealing with minor pains, sleep apnea, or if you sleep too hot to get started, visit Helix sleep.com/ss. They can recommend which mattress will work best for you. You can tell they put their customers first. They helped me find the perfect mattress and they'll help you too. I know I feel well rested every morning after sleeping on my Helix mattress. And it helps give me extra strength to get me through long, busy days. It's definitely a major upgrade for my old mattress. And right now for my listeners, they're offering 20% off sitewide. If you go to Helix sleep.com/ss, that's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off. Sitewide Helix sleep.com/ss.


Like What? You know. So just an image that would come to mind. Let's say I'm a father, got some kids. Let's say I had a long work week. I come home and just hammer some beers and then I'd get in a fight with my wife and I punch her in front of my kids and then the kids start crying and then I kick 'em and tell 'em to shut the hell up. And then like the next day, like everyone's quiet, we get through the week and then like there's some reconciliation, wife didn't leave, I apologize, and all this stuff. The kid had some trauma. Then the kid's gonna grow up, go through their stuff and they may see something, you know, when they're in their fifties, let's say they're, they're in their sixties, they got their kids now, and then some little, they got their first grandkids and then maybe the, maybe it's the guy's daughter just had their first grandkid and then the guy hears that from his daughter that the husband was abusing him or something and he goes home and shoots him, goes to the house and shoot him, or something like that would be an evil act, you know, murder and like, kinda like a seed was planted years before.


Does that kinda make sense? So we can, we can do things now that have effects in the future. You're You're talking about creating generational trauma through poor decision making? Yeah. Yeah. And if that happens at the physical level, it also happens at the, at the spiritual level too. And so the yeah, the the free will stuff is, is it's like that, you know, it's, but it's here now. Like it doesn't have to be a generational thing. I can make a bad decisions. I've made a ton of 'em, I'm gonna make more of 'em in the future. I don't want to, it's not like I plan on it, but I know I'm a broken human being and so, you know, emotions can get the better of us and then we just do stupid stuff. And that's why.


And to bring it like back to the God thing is like, it's 'cause he gave us free will and we're just, we're getting mal informed or we follow our emotions instead of using our reason. Instead of thinking stuff through, we say stuff we don't wanna say we do stuff we don't wanna do, shouldn't do. And it's 'cause God loves us and he gives us that free will. And whenever we make dumb decisions, it affects the whole community. So that's, that would be kinda the answer I'd give Brian, like, kind of twofold. First of all, the thing first part wasn't a question, but I would just, I'd directly respond to the, the anger thing. Be, be mad at God, whatever emotion you got, bring it to God. And then two, not to make it just too much, too easy of an answer, but like, bad stuff happens because we're, we do dumb stuff and we do dumb stuff because God has given us free will to, you know, ultimately do the good.


But whenever we don't choose the right, there's consequences. Yeah. Well Thank you. Well, let's dig into your story a little bit here. So there's a lot, lot of hard questions there, but Like, I got punched in the face. I don't know if any of that made sense. No, I mean it's some heavy stuff. All those, Did I come too hard at you? No, it's good. Like I, I like the shock and awe catch my breath. So if I'm mumbling or stumbling, you knocked the wind out of me. I'm getting warmed up though. So you grew up in small town in Arkansas, Correct? Yeah. Wind is the name of the town. Little bitty old town around. It was around 9,000, 8,000 people growing up, which is kinda wild.


Going back to the church thing, I'm leading the church now at 39 years old. That's bigger than the hometown I grew up in. Basically like the mayor of that town, you know, that's kind of weird. Yeah, I grew up in Wyn, Arkansas. It's a farming community. I grew up on a, a family farm. We got rice, soybeans, wheat, 200 acres or so, just a German family. Grew up in this German family, hard working family. We're, we're a poor family. Everyone in the family's poor, just but hard work, hard workers. So I didn't, although I didn't inherit wealth or anything from my family, I damn sure inherited a work ethic and just put the nice nose of the grindstone and get stuff done.


And that's something I learned growing up. Do that work. I'm the second oldest of five kids and 39, I mentioned that earlier. I was born in 85 when I was eight years old. My dad and older sister died in a car wreck and I was in the truck with him. My little sister was in him in the truck with us. It was a one car accident. We stayed at my dad's parents' house the night before and we were driving back to the house the next day to get ready for school. Dad was gonna go to work, take us to school and everything. And it was about a mile and a half down the road from our house. We we're coming through a curve.


Dad had a dish bowl, like on the dashboard of the truck. And we took this curve and the dish started sliding across the dashboard. So he leaned over to grab it When he did yanked the steering wheel and went in the ditch and cut a culvert and started doing cartwheels. My older sister, Courtney, she was 11. The truck landed on her. She died immediately. My dad, he was 32, which is wild, you know, think that he had, you know, I think he died in an ambulance on the, like on the way to, to the hospital, punctured lungs, stuff like that. I had just some cuts and scrapes, a broken ankle. My little sister, she was three, I was eight, little sister was three.


She just got crushed. She was sitting on my dad's lap. None of us were wearing seat belts. And she was sitting on my dad's lap. And so whenever we hit the culvert, she just got crushed between my dad and the steering wheel. So everything like from the waist down was just crushed collarbone also. And her arm, she was in a body cast, so I remember that mom, you know, pulling her around in a little wagon for that. But I remember, you know, dad was there just kind of breathing heavy. And I remember sitting on his chest and like him groaning about it. Now I know why, you know, punctured lungs, you wouldn't want someone sitting on your chest if you had a puncture lung. And then, yeah, you know, for an 8-year-old, that's some, do you remember that?


Yeah, May 5th, 1994, you know, it was probably around, I don't know, six or so, 5 45, 6 15, somewhere around there. Maybe, probably later in that, probably around 6, 6 15, 6 45 in the morning. It'll screws little kid's brain, you know. So talking about little signs from God. I remember just the week before growing up on the, so we're on the farm. My uncle who ran the farm, he, he just, the week before he was saying, Hey Steven, if you ever, I'm on the tractor and you need to stop me, just, you know, come out, just wave your hands and I'll know to come, you know, come check on you, come see what you need.


'cause I won't hear your voice, so just wave your arm. So like, I realized like shit wasn't good, like truck's upside down, it's like something out of a movie scene, you know, and a war zone. And so I hobble my way up to the, the side of the road and little cars coming. So I flag them down and I say, yeah, here's the phone number. And then they went up to, I don't know if he called, I guess he called and mom, yeah. Answered the phone. And we live, you know, on the, we live on the farm. My grandparents lived on the farm as well, still, you know, they're deceased now. But, so mom calls my grandpa and says, you know, they were in a, they were in a wreck and so she turns the corner and picks him up and then they come to the scene.


Yeah, they, they wouldn't let her up there though. I mean, all, it's a small town. My dad worked at the radio station, big personality. Everybody knew him. So he was well known in the community mom too, you know, because of him. And the cops wouldn't let her come up just, just because they knew how bad it was. And so, I mean, you can just imagine what go through a mom's mind, you know, with that stuff. And my sister's airlifted to, to Memphis. It was about 45 minutes away, an hour away. And I was taken to the hospital there and then taken by ambulance to the children's hospital in Memphis. And yeah, man.


Wow. Yeah, I remember being at the children's hospital and they were, that's when they, everyone was there. The, the priest came, drove over from, from, you know, where we lived. And there was a nun who was at the other church. She was there too, and family. And I remember them telling me like, you know, your dad and sister died. And like, I didn't know what that meant, but I just remember kind of being a little mad at that. Like, angry and like hitting the, hitting my hands on the, on the, the hospital bed. But eight years old, huh? Yeah, man, mom was pregnant.


She had, she was pregnant. She knew that she, her and dad knew that. And it, they knew they were pregnant. She goes to the doctor a couple weeks later, you know, a week later, whatever, for a checkup. I saw a trauma, you know, did no checkup for the baby and for her. And the doctor was like, you know, I got some news for you. And she's, you know, what, did I lose the baby? Or what is it? And the doctor said, no, you got twins. So she was pregnant with twins, man. So then I basically helped mom raise the, raise my siblings and everything. So the 8-year-old boy I remember carrying, felt like a strong kid whenever I can to, to be able to carry both of the little baby, what do you call 'em? Little baby carrier, baby bucket, whatever. You put the little thing in.


Carry baby, what do you call it? I don't have kids. I'm not no wife. Yeah, baby carrier. Maybe a, a bassinet. I don't maybe, yeah, I don't know. Whatever. Whatever you carry a baby around, man. Something like that. So yeah. So that was childhood. That was a big, big thing. How long after, After your dad and your sister died, were the twins born Later that year? Just a couple months, I mean, Yeah. No, it was, it was still very, they just found out they were pregnant. All of us were like, I think we're April, So About March, March or April is whenever, I guess mom, dad was said eight months later. It was a really fertile time. We were all born in November, December.


They were born in December. My brother. Wow. Wow. I don't know what to say to that. How much you can I, it was like, damn, I still don't know what to say, you know? It's kind of cool. Like, we were talking about different things for ministry and suffering and that's been a, like a, like it's cool how God uses that because whenever people come to me after the shit hits the fan in their lives and they're like, father, like I need an answer. There's like, there's not an answer. And so it's given me the ability just stand, just to sit with them. So like, sometimes like not an answer is okay, I have to have a reason and it's a 'cause I don't know.


I'll never understand why, you know, and I go through waves of just like being angry or indifferent or mad at God, but, Well, who took over that role for you? Who did you look up to? Good question. My grandpa, my mom's, my mom's dad was probably the biggest one. Quiet man. His name was Herman. Herman Joseph. He's deceased now. Quiet, hardworking guy. When he smoked cigarettes, then he had a heart attack, so he had to quit. But he was one of those guys like quit. But he kept smoking, so he'd go to the bathroom every night and smoke cigarettes with the bathroom open.


Think that we couldn't smell it in the rest of the house. It's kind of funny. But yeah, so he, he did it. A couple of uncles also stepped in and, and kind of took them to their wings. Different, they all, they all fathered me in different ways. No one can replace a father, you know, I had a lot of good examples, but I never had a dad. One uncle taught me just a lot about just hard work, physical labor, just kind of being raw. He was the farmer. The other one, just a lot about like humor and just, just living life, having fun, you know. There were some other good people too that kind of took me under their wings. Friends, parents, you know, boy scouts, there's a scout leader, a couple scout leaders that, that took care of me and, and helped me a lot too.


So took the village to raise me. How, how long did it, is there anything in particular in particular that helped you, that helped you deal with that situation? Or was it just time? Mm, I think just time. And even now, like I'm still working through a lot of this stuff, stuff, you know, and going back to the work subject, I'm a typical dude, like, just bottle it up, do work, and that'll distract me from it. So I'm still processing it, to be honest with you. Yeah, I'm still, I started doing like some counseling stuff in January and that's been really phenomenal working through it.


Just working through a lot of different stuff and that's been helpful. But yeah, I just put my nose to the grindstone and just, just kept going. That's kind of what's, that's what's what, that's what's got me through life. It's kinda like fake it till you make it kind of thing. Work. Yeah. Working until you figure something out. How's your mom? Good. We're hell raisers. We, but she's good. She's a, she lives by herself. She never remarried. Gave herself, just completed us doing everything she could to raise us. She lives in the same house that we grew up in. And it was a house that my grandfather built When he was in high school in the forties. She still lives in an old, old house.


She still lives there. And how are the twins? They're knuckleheads man. One is in Washington state, not much contact with him. Another one is in Arkansas. He is a mechanic, like a, he works in guidance systems on farm equipment. Oh, okay. Yeah, sister, she lives in Detroit, just outside of Detroit. I think Southgate's the name of the little area. She's got a few kids. You guys grew up Catholic? Yeah, born and raised. That was always, that was a non-negotiable. There was something good about that. Now that I'm older, I'll hear challenges from people like saying, oh, well, you know, you know, it's not right for your parents to impose that on you.


Or you know, they should have given you the choice. Well, like little kid shits in their diaper, like, mom's gonna change the diaper. Like you don't ask the di ask the kid, Hey, you want change your diaper? You know, same thing with the food. There's some basic human needs that, that other people who are rightly in charge of, you're responsible for. You make decisions on your behalf for your good, your wellbeing. And our spiritual wellbeing is same thing, you know, which would in include like virtue, you know, being a virtuous person. But we grew up, all the farmers went to this little Catholic church there. We were, we were a faithful family. We weren't like super holy, like we didn't pray all the time.


I mean, we'd always pray before meals. We try to pray the rosary every now and then, But it usually would end up with us falling asleep or the, you know, us fighting the siblings fight and then mom or grandma yelling at us and it just kinda unravels quickly. You know, kind of real life prayer went to mass every Sunday. That was a non-negotiable. It was just a simple, steady presence is what it was. And that, that's one of the, the graces that I took from it. Just a point of stability and all this stuff around us that was always changing ebbing and flowing. It was a point of stability. And so it set that foundation for my life. Like even now, faith is, is that bedrock? It's a place of encounter where I encounter the Lord in the midst of the storm.


So yeah, grew up Catholic. What, what Advice would you have for kids who have lost parents? You know, find some, find some good examples, some good role models, and ask them to take you under, under their wing. You know, you don't have to explicitly ask them, but surround yourself with good people. You know you're gonna do the stuff that you see other people do. So find a, find a good, good role model. That's the simplest thing. Okay, so moving on. What'd you, what'd you like doing as you got older? Just playing stuff.


I love playing. I'm a, I'm just a boy now. I'm, I'm a big boy and a, a grown man's body. So grew up we're very poor. We didn't have internet or TV or, or we had tv but didn't have internet, didn't have cable tv, didn't have video games or anything, but we had big farms, so I'd just go out and play with stuff. Shoot a little BB gun, you know, shoot Robinson Cardinals and stuff, you know, you know, the typical boy hunting outside. I would just play, I loved, I played a sandbox in the backyard and I'd go out and play with that. We, I had a bunch of Legos, they were my dad's. So I played with Legos a lot. Just creative stuff.


I was a good kid. I wasn't bad, had a lot of energy, but I was a good kid in class. Good kid in school. I was respectful. I did boy scouts. I was in Boy Scouts my whole life from Tiger Cubs. I think that starts at first grade or whatever to Eagle Scout, which was in high school. So did that. Did sports, played sports, football Kind of sports. Football track and golf I wasn't real good at, 'cause I was small. I've always been a small guy and, but I had some grit. Could just go to some dark places. And just like on the football team, I wasn't good enough to start. But I had enough grit to like, I was like, coaches always calling me in to, to run the plays, like against the starting offense or defense.


They knocked the tar out of me and I'd get wrapped back up and just kind of fun. We would always, Friday night football in Arkansas is like a religion. Well it's like Tennessee here too, I think. But Mondays we would always watch the film of the Friday football game. And I remember one time in particular, I was on kickoff team, I was flying down the field and one of the guys on the other team, I didn't see him, he knocked the tar at him. He just knocked me out off the side. I was right on the, I was on the, the right at the sideline anyways. And he hits me so hard that I go into like all of my teammates and I just disappear. Then I reappear like 15 yards down the field chasing after the ball. But it was just kind of funny.


Yeah, football track. I did golf. We didn't have a membership at the country club. We were too poor for that. But I had a big farm, So I was always out hitting golf balls. Nice. And it was nice. Yeah. Had a little green in the front yard that I mowed. So what got you interested in the military? I just wanted to, I don't know. At the time there was no reason I went to college for a year and I hated that. So I didn't go to the military to, for college, it wasn't to leave home. 'cause I loved being at home. There was just, there was an itch in me to go explore. I just wanted to go explore. Had some cousins and some friends that joined the military and yeah, so I went, went into the Air force.


It was 2005 when I went in there, I was pretty pumped. I wanted to go as fast As I could. So I went to the recruiter and this was, yeah, you know, height of OIF and so I was like, well, what can get me outta here the fastest? And they needed seer instructors, the survival evasion, resistance and escape guys. So I was like, okay, yeah, I'll do that. So I did all the prep for that. The, the pre-training and pre-test and everything. Go to basic training. Long story short, I get washed out of that and then get put into a logistics job. We can unpack all that. But it was fun. The military was really, really fun. So basic training, I would love to go back through it now, achieve it really? Yeah. Just being like older and knowing the mind game that it is, it was so fun.


Part of like my coping me mechanism is, is humor. And it was, yeah. That got me in so much trouble. And basic, I, I remember our instructor, Terry, Shirley, we had a lady, there was our flight and we had a sister flight. We did a lot of training together and she did a lot of instructors with us. She had a chip on her shoulder, man. She was just like, every instructor. But she, I was like one of her favorite ones, which made it bad for me because I, she was just picking on me nonstop. She, like Jackass was the name that she gave me. And so anytime we were training, she just said jackass. Like, everyone's like, gad bear, she's gone. You go, you gotta go.


But she was always just on me, always. I did so many pushups. I was one of the fittest guys in the, in the flight at the, at graduation. She also knew I was wanting to do this, this seer job. And so she knew I had to be in, in good shape. So she was helping me with that. She was trying to help me like with mental toughness as well. I was the guide bear or the guide on bear. Mm. Carrying the flag and everything. And up front marching. I remember one day we were on the, on the drill pad training and it was just a bad day. Like nothing was working. And, and it was just, it just was, I kept getting, I kept messing up and of course, you know, you're in the front of the group, so if you take a wrong step, everyone behind you is is off too.


And she man over and over and over kept messing up. And then she got in my face and she's like, damn it. When we go, Like, we're gonna start marching and we're gonna turn left. We're gonna start marching and we're gonna turn left. All right. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Oh my left face. Ah, you know, so we're going, my dumb ass went right right after she told me that. And golly, she flipped a switch and it wasn't good there. But that was, that was kind of a fun thing. I just wanted an adventure.


You asked about military? Yeah, I went down that little bunny hole. I just wanted an, an adventure. I found it. And there was a lot to do there. I'm, I'm going, I'm sorry, I'm backtracking. But you know, you had mentioned you're still struggling with the loss of your, your father and your sister. What are you struggling with? So when that happens, like, like immediately had to start providing for the family as an 8-year-old boy. So I didn't get a childhood.


So one of the ways that I'm struggling with it now is like all the, it's kinda like the shrapnel of the, of the bomb. I didn't get a childhood, so I had to grow up like overnight almost. My mom has zero income, like a very little income. She didn't have a college education, so she doesn't make a lot of money. So as soon As I start working or as soon As I could start working, I had to start working to make money for the family. I just had to provide, as a kid, a little kid, you can't do much provide. But I babysat helped mom a lot of stuff in a lot of ways. As I got older and started working, I helped a lot financially and doing more to take care of the family. The way it's messed with me is like, is currently now with boundaries, like not telling people?


No, it's hard to say no, it's hard to stop working. It's hard to turn off. 'cause I didn't really have a choice as a kid. And yeah. How does that, how does that affect your ability to say No, I struggle with that too. Yeah, I've gotten a lot better at it, but it's Tough. It is. How does it affect my ability to say no? Like I'm not naive to the tight situation that, that we grew up in and like the fact that mom couldn't do it and so someone had to help her. We have family that would help.


But like in my mind I was like, well that's, it's my job to do. I'm gotta stand up and do it. And so anytime I see a problem now I feel You feel responsible. Yeah. Yeah. And so I feel like I gotta fix it for people and I'm good at it. Like I'm really good at what I do. And that's part of like the superpower. But then one of the ways that it is not good is like, people come to me just for an easy solution and, and I'll fix it And man, I'm, I'm, I just started this therapy stuff in January, so I'm, I'm working through all this right now. It's, it's tough. Why do I do it though? Like, it, so as a child, there were a lot of, a lot of moments whenever like, like I didn't have a voice.


Like I would wanna go play or something, but I couldn't go play or the answer would always be no. Or I just felt like it. If I wanted something, I just had to do it. I wanted something done. I had to get it done. If there was something fun that I wanted to do, like I, I didn't ask. I learned pretty quick to not ask to do much stuff. 'cause most time I couldn't. I don't know, that's just trickled in now to do what we're doing. So When you say, You know, it's, it's, it's really hard for you to say no and that's becoming a problem. Is that building resentment? Yeah, man, that's, that's big.


Yeah. The resentment can be big. That's something that, well this last month it's been good to work on that. And the way that, so like if someone comes and like wanting, wanting to help with something, I can get the resentment in there because it's like whenever they ask me, I feel like I have to say yes. Like I feel like I can't say no. So I don't, I feel like I, I don't have this freedom to say what I need to say. And also there's some resentment there because it's like I had to figure out life and I'm still figuring it out on my own now. I'm getting a lot better with like, doing it with friends and other people, you know. But as a child I had to figure it all out on my own and that taught me a lot.


But I get the resentment because I can I judge people for being lazy or not motivated. I just wanna say, figure it out. Like wrestle with a little bit, struggle with it. There's, I love the struggle of life. I think a lot of people don't. And So I get the resentment there whenever like they're not willing to, to to struggle a little bit. Do youre, Do you feel resentment for the time that it it's, Yeah. Yeah. It, in a way it's like going back to the work stuff. We were talking about this earlier. Like it's, it's a, like, it, it gets in the way of my other projects or it's, it's like a, if I do stuff, I want it to be efficient. Let's, let's get it done. Let's be productive, let's do it efficiently.


So therefore, like, it, it can be harder for me to do some of the stuff that just takes time. Yeah. As people, some of these counseling sessions or times I'll be with, you know, meeting with the family or something for them, the healing that they need is gonna come through them just kind of telling their whole story. And, but in my brain, I'm just like, what's the, what are the, what are the main points? Give it to me in a minute and a half. Let's, let's get it done. Yeah. So yeah, the time thing is a big thing. Well, I mean, I can relate to that big time. I've really struggled with that. And I'll tell you the one thing that's that's helped me is somebody told me, when you say yes to somebody, you're saying no to somebody else.


Mm. Yeah. That's a good, And so the way I took that is because it's the same thing. I think you've listened to the show, you know how deep we get and it, it, I can't help everybody and it's okay to say no and you know, but I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't fucking say no. Yeah. And then somebody told me that and I realized every time I'm saying yes to all these people, I'm saying no to my wife, to my son, to my daughter, to my mom and dad, to everybody that I really, really love.


Yeah. And you know, when you kind of paint it in that perspective that, that, that helped me a lot. That's, that's a good, Yeah, I like that. It's interesting. Whenever I would be in these situations, whenever I feel like I'm, for example, like if someone asks me a question, like I, I feel like I have to say what they want to hear. And so I'm not free in that. And so what happens is, like psychologically and emotionally, I go back to the 8-year-old Steven. And like in my mind and my heart and my brain, I'm just thinking like, I'm thinking like a kid. And so now what I'm trying to do is like rationally think through the thing and say what needs to be said as a mature Steven instead of the little boy Steven.


And so that's hard to, to say what needs to be said, but I know that's the right thing. So for example, it's like instead of saying yes to somebody's saying no, what's interesting though is that whenever I do that, a lot of times I'll see them like almost flip a switch and they'll start acting out of their child. So like the know that they hear takes them back to a childhood trauma, you know, whatever sort. And then they'll start acting a certain way or getting defensive or this excuse or whatever it may be. But it's almost like a, a switch being flipped and then they'll start acting a different way to me out of that childhood trauma. But the neat thing now is as, as you know, with ministry, is that I can then love them in that situation.


The, the response that they're giving is out of a trauma that they have from whenever someone didn't love them properly. And so then they respond to me out of that childhood mentality and then I can love them in it. And there's some healing that the Lord does through that, if that makes sense. So it's just kind of neat to, to through like by me having healthy boundaries, like the Lord is healing people, people through me. You know? 'cause it forces them to bring to light stuff that they're struggling with. And then let the Lord into that.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated As I am when it comes to the BS and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us. And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CIA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call sign. Super bad.


She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing. And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows.


The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments. We'll see you in the newsletter. I, all right, we're back from the break and I think we're at, I think we're at sea training. Yeah. Had a good, good chat downstairs about kind of diving in a little bit deeper about saying no and which morphed into psychedelics. But I don't know, I feel weird like advocating for psychedelics to a priest.


No, it, it, it makes sense. It makes sense. I like, I I don't want to give definitive answers on, on it either way, just because I don't have all the knowledge yet. Yeah. And also I know that I'm like an authority figure when it comes to like religious things. So like, this isn't a religious thing, but people would see me as, as an authority figure. So if I give an answer on something, they'll take it as, as the gospel, you know, sort of like if you spoke about self-defense, you know, you know, arms training or whatever it may be. Like people are gonna listen to what you say. Yeah. Like, 'cause you know what you're doing. So, so if I, if I, I understand, I mean, you, you have a, a tremendous amount of responsibility for the people that that, that are listening to this and, and 10,000 people that go to your, go to your church.


And I mean, I feel, I feel the same thing doing this. I mean, we have a, a massive audience and I never want to lead them in the wrong way. But it, but also, you know, I don't know. I mean, to me, people have to be one, you know, they have to be, how do I say this? So many people are trained to just be told what to think nowadays. Yeah. And I, I, you know, on this show, I like to leave it up to them, like, here's all these different things we're talking about, and it's up to you to like decipher, you know, what, what, what, what aligns with your values and your beliefs. And, and I'm not here to tell you how to think, you know, I'm here to explore my own curiosity and take my audience with me.


But, but I do understand what you're saying. I would, You know, there's more to explore there. Like I, I want to know more about the psychedelics. The, I mean, the reality is, is like they're here more people are opening up to them, they're starting to do studies and, and everything with it. I think it's gonna be good to get some objective data, you know? Yeah. To make those choices. But then it's, it's a natural thing. Like, it, it's, it's, it's a fruit of the earth. I'm, I'm just, I'm ignorant about it. I'm, I'm curious about it. I wanna learn more. I wouldn't be opposed to trying 'em sometime, but like, it, like, it would be a specific context, a time and place. And I Mean, we, we, it's very obvious that, that your father and your sister that have passed in the car accident.


Oh. That you really struggle with that. And, you know, I went through a lot of example, a couple examples downstairs of what had, what's done for friends of mine, a lot of friends of mine. What it's done for me personally. And you know, I mentioned, I I I see way more good than bad that comes out of it. And I don't, I just, I, you know, it has the ability to, I don't know what exactly it does in these traumatic experiences. And some people, some people re-experience 'em.


I don't really re-experience 'em. I might think about them while I'm there. But it, I, I think what it does is I, you know, you, you can get to this point where they call it an ego death and your ego leaves. That's a good thing. Could It is, but it's, if you lose your drive though, it could be bad. I wouldn't say that. So, so I did the, when I did the, I began experience that that was one thing, and basically it, it, it, that was like brain maintenance. And then I did this other thing that's like a 12 hour thing. And then I did this other thing called five M-E-O-D-M-T.


It's a toad venom that you smoke. And it's a, it's a death experience. Oh, you die like in your mind if you allow it to, a lot of people fight it. And that's terrifying. And the first, I don't know, 15 to 30 seconds ish, you are 100% certain in your mind that you are going to die. And you will fight that with every, I mean, you will fight it.


And then it's the most anxiety, it's the most fear. It is the most horrible. That's, it's the most horrible 15 to 30 seconds of your life. Because ev when I say an ego death, I mean, you're letting ev everything go, just go fast or slow this 15 seconds. It goes, it seems, I don't know how to describe that. It's almost like time isn't a thing. Okay. But first you feel like you're gonna die. And then all these thoughts, all of your attachments to earth or, or the world that we live in now start coming into place.


So for me it was like, okay, I'm gonna die. This is scary, scary as fuck. But all right. And, but then it's, oh shit, I'm leaving my son behind. I'm leaving my wife behind who's gonna take care of them. And, and, and you're having these conversations that, that these conversations in your head that are going in like milliseconds, you know, like full conversations that are like milliseconds and by that. And that's, that's like for me, that's the last part of my ego. I can, I am comfortable with death. I am not comfortable with leaving my wife and my kids behind without a provider.


Does that make sense? Total sense. And so you let that, you eventually, if you want to do the crossover thing, which is the, the bliss part of this, you have to let that go. And, and like I said, you, you are a hundred percent sure that you're dying and then you do this crossover. And that's, that's where it seems like, it's like the spiritual realm. It's like, it's like a sixth sense. You are just so intuitive with, with, it just seems like a spiritual world, man.


You can feel the presence of maybe people that have passed. You can feel the presence of God. You can feel this energy. But anyways, it's, it is the most healing thing I we've ever done. Yeah. I don't have the objective to like, to make a, like a definitive answer on it. But it sounds like such a sacred experience and putting everything in perspective, like you said, it starts with death and pretty much from there it's like, okay, well I've died, so can't get much worse than that. And so everything else falls into line. Earlier I was talking about this whole thing of memento mori, like, remember your death, it's the exact same principle. Like we would pray or go on a retreat or something like that and you could come to one of these points.


This is like a, a medic medicinal way to come to that same point. And so I think, you know, you know, I can't make the definitive answer, but I think there could be an argument in the future once we get more information or more data on it to, to where we could say there, there may be a place for it, you know, in people's daily life. May, I don't dunno if you'd wanna do it daily once or whatever, but there could be a place for it to take us to that point of putting everything in perspective. 'cause I'm thinking like when someone's sick, they take medicine to get better physically. Right. Whereas you, you know, could say, well, if they were just healthy, if they ate healthy and worked out before, they may not have gotten sick.


But you get to a point where, okay, you need medicine to break this sick cycle. Like psychologically it sounds like the exact same thing happening. Like it is just, you're, you're, it's a, it's in this, I I think you mentioned it like that, like just this, this circuit that's just a closed circuit Default load network. Yeah. Yeah. And so like a defibrillator, like it's, yeah, it stops the heart. So then it can go back into rhythm and everything that's, you know, we would do that physically for the body, with the heart, with medicines. So I think there could be a place for this in the future. I mean, I, I don't know. I mean, I'm not, I'm not trying to like push this on you or anything. I just, I'm curious. I want, I wanna learn more. I just don't know, you know, it's, It's, it's, so kind of what I'm getting at is it would, it might take you back to the, to the accident.


Yeah. But it would, it would remove your ego and the attachment to your, it would potentially, I'm not saying this is what would happen, But it would potentially remove your ego from that day. And, and it would shift your perspective into a way that, that you can look at it from, from an angle where you're completely detached emotionally from the situation. And it makes it in a weird fucked up way. It makes it okay and it brings, it brings like this certain understanding as to why it happened or it's okay that it happened.


Yeah. It was supposed to happened. Everything that has happened to you is, is, is what was it, was what was supposed to happen. Yeah. And it brings like a, it brings like a certain piece to things like that. At least it does for me and it does for a lot of my friends. You know, the argument is, I mean, I, and some very good friends of mine think this who are also seals who've seen the benefits that it does. And, and some of them say it's spiritual suicide. Some people say it that, that, that this is the, this is the forbidden fruit that Adam and Eve ate.


Wow. That what, 'cause what did they say? It was like it gave him a certain knowledge or something. Well, I mean that's kind of maybe what I'm describing. I don't know. I struggle with it. Yeah. But I, you know, I, I'm like, is this good? I mean, I feel like it's good. It's doing a lot of good things. I don't think God would've put it here if we weren't. It's natural, it's a natural occurring substance that, that grows in fungus, I mean, or, or the root of a tree. I dunno why. And then there's other people that say that, you know, some of the prophets, there's, there's parts in the bible where they talk about, you know, I don't know it, but I've heard people say, you know, that, that, that maybe the burning bush, he ate something before he saw that and, and kind of opened the mind up to be able to, I, I keep mentioning it's, it's, it's almost like another Rome and I don't know, I don't know what to think of it.


That's kind of what I'm, I'm more curious on your thoughts of, of the spiritual side of it. Less on the, less on the, the studies. Yeah, the studies are there. Yeah. On the spiritual side, man, I, If I'm in doubt, i, I don't mess with it. Like it's, you know, I'd hate to, it is playing like Russian roulette, you know, you'd hate to, you'd hate to get the bullet, you know, it's like, well you may, you may get a bunch of clicks, but if you get the bang, then you're screwed. And it, so this could be a similar thing, like, man, maybe not, but at, at this point in the future, it may be different, but at this point, like there's just no definitive answer of saying, yes, it is demonic, or no, it's not.


So, so therefore, like, my, my advice on that is always like, just go in with caution. I'm not saying do it or don't have it, I'm just saying like, just with caution and prudence. But yeah. I'm really curious about though, what do You think about, Have you Ever heard of remote viewing? Like a No Remote viewing, like On a computer screen or something? No, no. Remote viewing is, it's, it's almost like psychic type stuff. Oh, it's psychic like stuff. It's, yeah. Have You ever seen like the, the, yeah, I know what you're talking about. The TV show where the, the guy's like thinking and he is like, oh, it happened over in the room over there, and it was with a pair of scissors and He threw it in the dumpster.


Yeah. And then they go in the dumpster, like, holy shit, here's the scissors with the blood on it. It's kind of like what remote viewing is. And I've, so that's a real thing. And like documented. It's real. I mean, see I use these, it's called Project Stargate and it's a fascinating subject. I've had a lot of the, those type people on and, and handful of 'em. And, and once again, it's like, is it demonic? I don't know. I mean, the Christian crowd sure as hell doesn't like it. Yeah. I get blasted every time I talk about it. But you have, I guess if you haven't heard from it, you don't have an opinion on, yeah, no.


Anyways, let's get back to Sears school. Yeah. So you went to Sears school? Yeah, Finished basic, went to Sears school. I didn't even make it to the whole course, it was just doing the end doc before they send you off to Seattle or wherever the training, you know, somewhere in Washington state. Fairchild, is that Alaska or Washington? It doesn't matter. So before they send you off to the, to the actual school, which is about a year and a half for that. It's a long training. You have a, an in o course, it's sort of like buds, you know, it's not that long, But it's just two weeks of getting kicked in the face. So it started that, and it got to the second to last day and got, got washed out. It's for multiple demerits, just, it was really deflating. So I was really excited about it and I was physically strong, ready to go.


But mentally I wasn't strong enough. Not because I was trying to be weak, but because I hadn't, I just hadn't gone to that spot mentally before, like to that dark of a spot. I mean, I grew up with some dark stuff, but they were all kind of exterior things. But that internal drive to push into the point of, to the point of discomfort, even though I worked hard my whole life, and I still do, like, at that time, I didn't understand what it meant to, like, to push a little bit deeper, go past that point of comfort. Just got multiple dmars like, you know, for example, we had to, one night we had to make tent stakes. I, I don't know if it's like for buds, but you're do, you're doing PT all day long. And then they give us projects to do at night. So you're getting sleep deprived, you know, so you're just, or if you do sleep, you'll come refreshed, but you're, you don't, didn't get your work done.


So they're, you know, it's, you're gonna, you're gonna pay for it somehow. So one night we had to make tent steaks and I didn't make 'em long enough. I think they had to be like 16 inches long or something. Mine were 14 and 15 so that I had a shovel. One of my shovels was, had dirt on it for the morning inspection. So that was another one. We had to make sleeping bags outta pieces of parachute. And we had to, you know, sew it up at night. Had to have six to eight stitches per inch. And if there was more or less, it would be another demerit. And so I had some spots on there where it was, you know, it didn't meet that criteria. And it sucked because, so if you had this little window of stitches, let's say I had 10 of 'em in this inch space, so I was only supposed to have eight, they would measure it and say, oh, you got 10.


And then they would go like every little stitch in that inch and, and count another stitch and say, oh, you got 10 demerits on this, whatever. So that, what else was, I think, I think those were it, the shovel, the sewing. So where'd you go? Where'd you go when you left? Got re class into another job. We took, maybe you went to Iraq. Yeah. So after that, had to wait two weeks to get another job. That was about three weeks. You just put it in cleaning detail until they put you in another school. So I did logistics. They put me in a, a school to learn logistic planning. So people and stuff had to move it. I did cargo. Most of that time was, was cargo movement, which was really fun.


The, that time in the middle after I got washed outta cyr, which sucked, man. But it was a good kick in the face, like, 'cause I, I wanted to do it so, so bad. And I thought that I was prepared for it, But it was, it broke me in a good way because now it's one of the things I took outta that was like the need to like dig even deeper, be more alert, pay more attention, get put in that logistics job while we're waiting. We're just cleaning every day. You probably remember that like, I mean like, if you don't just sit around and do nothing, they make you do something. So we had to clean every day. Same barracks over and over and over. But dude, idle time is like a bad thing when it comes to the troops. Like, because you can just do some dumb stuff.


Like you don't need boo booze or, or drugs. If it's just a bunch of, you know, meathead together. We would it like overnight we'd stay up all night just being dumb asses. We would do like demolition derby. We'd put guys on the office chairs and one on one end of the hallway, one on the other, and just, you'd run 'em and crash men each other. Just stupid stuff like that. One guy had a bowling ball one day, and I don't know where the hell he got a bowling ball from, But it was in the dorms. And so the guys were just rolling it up and down the hallway. And so I picked it up my time and I threw it and they all got outta the way and it hit the emergency exit. And the fire alarm went off. So I had to call 'em and like make up a story. Like I was talking to my mom and I leaned against the door, set it off.


I was scared, man. Did logistics, did that training. That was down in Lackland. I got assigned to Ramstein Air Base in Germany. That was cool. That was the, that was my first time out in the real world, you know, growing up I was always in the family. Then the military, you're always watching it. But at Ramstein I was, I was like on my own, you know, of course you, you got the base, got your work, but I was making decisions on my own and that was one of the first times I really feel some autonomy and like making free choices for myself. People are big advocates of that. And that's good. We do need to make our own choices, but sometimes it's to the detriment of family and community life.


Like, so growing up the family was so close, I didn't have a lot of freedoms because, well, this is what the family's doing, so that's what you're gonna do. And it sucked as a kid. But one of the good things that, that it taught me was like, how to be a team player. There's a lot of be, there's gonna be a lot of stuff in life that you're not gonna wanna do, but you gotta do it. 'cause that's what love requires. So just do it, you know? So then in the military, Germany, I get that freedom. It was really cool. Just right outta training. I got a car and I did quality control. When the people were PCSing, I would go and be the liaison between the German moving company and the troops just to make sure everything was, was going well. That was cool. Got to drive all over Germany, meet all kinds of people from e ones to, you know, o tens and everything in between.


So that was fun. That gave me a lot of time alone. A lot of time in the car, I'd pray, just driving silence. Just think, you know, God really started working on me. Then how silence, I just shut the hell up. And then like 4, 4, 4, I became aware of all these little bitty things around me. And it would be little, little affirmations. And, man, I can't even think of a concrete example right now, But it was just peace. I was experienced a peace, you shut the chaos off around you and, and my soul could breathe a little bit. And, and I, I fell in love with that. So I wanted to do it more and more and more. I'd spend more time in silence and eventually got transferred out of that, into the cargo side of, of this, this office.


And that was a lot of fun. I really enjoyed that. 'cause I drove a big forklift every day. Worked in the warehouse, man. We, we were knuckleheads. We, there's a big tire that we were shipping one day my dumb ass got into it and convinced my, the, the other guys to roll me around the warehouse. So I was rolling around and chief comes out, just chews us out. It was one of those things where like, he could, like, we were good troops. We worked hard, but we just did, just did that kind of stuff. Yeah. So he, he yelled at us, but he wasn't too mad. I remember one time we, this kind of guy, chief was like, I got in a box and he called this emergency meeting for the whole flight and they all came down. I was in this cargo box.


No, you know, nobody knew he did. And so in the middle of his briefing, I, I jumped out and scared everybody. That was kind of fun. We would, sometimes we would have cargo to take to the, to the airport and it would be like, we'd have to take it on the forklift as one of these big center pivot, you know, 10, 10 k, 10,000 pound forklift. So we drive across the base to drop the cargo off. But me and my buddies, we would have a competition to see who could take the longest route back. So we would be driving back to the housing area of the base on the, the big forklift. Nice. Just doing stupid stuff. Yeah. So, so that was fine. While I was in that cargo unit, that's when I deployed, I was at Bead airbase. It was smaller compound on Anaconda, LSA Anaconda be Iraq, huge base.


Basically the logistic hub. You, you, you may have passed through there. I'm sure you did. That was fun. That was one of the funnest times in my life. Like, I wasn't, I wasn't kicking in doors. So in that way I was like, like I was blessed, you know? 'cause that's a, that's a, a big thing to carry, you know? And, and that, you know, being out there, that being said, man, rockets and mortars were coming in every single day. I remember the one day I walked outta the office, you, you know, we got those, the concrete like walls or barriers or whatever that around all the buildings and stuff. And I come out the front door of the office and right there beside the door as a, as a bullet, you know, it hit the concrete.


It's, you know, it's not a big deal. But for me as a, you know, 19-year-old kid, I see that bullet for the first time. And I'm like, oh wow. Like this is real, real stuff, you know? And then so many of our guys are experiencing that, you know, 19 years old, I'm preaching the choir. You, you know, most of the people listening, they, they get it. I think most of society doesn't though. And I, I think that's it. I had a great experience in the military up to the day I left. I loved it. But one thing I'm really frustrated with is like, the way that a lot of veterans are, are treated, I mean, 19, 20, 25 year olds, the brain is still being formed and the stuff that they're, they're doing and they're doing it proudly and they do a good job.


And then they, they'll get their, they're discharged dishonor or, or honorable discharge, you know, finish their enlistment or whatever. And, and that's kind of like, well, you're on your own now. I mean, like the, the addictions and so many veterans, just the struggles that they have, it's, it's kind of like a lot of promises fed, fed to 'em that aren't delivered after the fact that, that kind of frustrates me. So like, the bullet that I find doesn't compare at all to, to, to like what so many other guys and gals have done. You know? So I remember watching an 18-year-old kid kill his first man and cheering him on, but we all wanted to kill over there.


But I said, I've never been in that position in ministry. I've been with a lot of people who've been in that position, not either, whether it be military troops or murderers, you know, in prisons or murderers who are, you know, maybe not caught yet even. But this in the military, I think it's a different, you know, you mentioned cheering him on. Like, it's, I think a lot of people don't understand that, like, what that means. It's something that is done for duty, for duty's sake. And there's like not a, I don't know, not in this situation, but a really don't think there's like a lot of joy and like, like the individual life that was taken, like the person, you know, the, the name, but more so like the actions that have been stopped that they were doing, you know?


And that's, I think a lot of people miss that distinction. It's no small thing. Yeah. So, yeah. So I was over there in Iraq. It, it was, it, it was, it was a good experience for me. And I don't take it lightly. We were shot at a lot, but again, what I went through doesn't compare to at all anything but other guys. So it's just like a walk in the park. But like, when it came to work, it was just, we didn't stop. It was just logistics, moving stuff all day long. And so those were those, that was a neat experience. But then also to support, support, you guys, like the ones that were, were out there.


I mean, 'cause we would get, all the cargo came through our office and we would get, if a shipment came and it was wrapped in all black plastic, we knew, like, it went to the, the guys that didn't like that didn't have a name like it, there was some guys across the flight, well as y'all, you know, the, the different spec special ops guys. And like, it would come in and there was no questions asked. Like you, you just call 'em, say, Hey, we got a patch. They would come over and, and get it. Like, it was, it was, you know, mission critical stuff. A lot of it was like really big intense stuff, you know, weapons of different sorts, gear. I remember one time though, like, we got this big shit, man.


And I was wondering, I was like, what is in there? Like, I'm curious, you know, I was always wondering, they bring the big flatbed truck over and they, we load it all up and then all the guys climb onto the trailer, start cutting open the boxes. You know, it was like a, it was pallets of gummy bears and, and it wasn't chocolates, But it was a bunch of candy. And they just drove all over the base just like Christmas to throw the stuff out. And I was like, you gotta be kidding me. But it was a lot of fun. So yeah, I was over there. That was oh seven. It was just one short deployment. Yeah. I want to go back to Iraq. Not you wanna go back to Iraq? Not, not for the sake of war, but like, I just love, I love pe I wanna hear people's story.


Hmm. Here, we may get into this a little bit later, but this puts it in perspective. Like, so when I, later on, you know, years down the road when I'm in seminary in Rome, I had a classmate who was living just miles from the base where I was at over there. He was a kan Catholic. I think it was Chaldean Catholic. It's, you know, part of the, the Catholic church, one of the, the, the, the, the lines in there. But he was from, he was from central Iraq. And we're sitting in class learning about God, talking about putting things in perspective. Like we're sitting beside each other when, eight years before, like we were within miles of each other.


Isn't that wild? That is crazy. It's wild. And so, like, when I say I wanna go back to Iraq, it's like I, I just wanna like, see people and like, like their lives, like the good people. You know, there's, there's some good ones over there. Like here, there's like the, the farmers that had the, the, the best fruit I've ever had in my life was when I, when I was in Iraq, the melon, some canales or watermelon or something. You, you, why do you wanna Go back though? You wanna go back for curiosity. You want to, you wanna go back to talk to who? See the People? No one in particular. There's no individual person that I, that I met. But just like, do you just wanna Experience the culture There? Hear stories? Yeah. And hear, experience the culture. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah.


Do you think you'll do it? I don't know. I'd be open to it, but I don't know. Probably not. But yeah, so I was, that was oh seven quick deployment this whole time. I'm growing a lot in my faith and praying a lot more. And this idea of priesthood comes. How did the Idea of priesthood come? It started as just a random idea. Like when I would be in the car driving around doing the quality control stuff, or on the forklift working or in the warehouse, be at the gym, I'd be doing other stuff. And the out of nowhere, you know, like this idea of being a priest would come to my mind, like, where'd that come from? It's kind of random. And then just like, wouldn't think much about it. And I'd go back to what I was doing and a few days later it would happen again.


I'm like, that's, that's kind of random, you know, I would be doing, I wouldn't be doing anything that would trigger a thought like that. It wasn't like, I wasn't reading the Bible. I wasn't at church or anything. I was, you know, loading up munitions. I was driving a forklift, whatever it may be. And this thought would come, it's sort of like the whole 4, 4 4 thing. Like, it just happened more and more often. And I was like, oh, okay, I gotta pay attention to this. And once I started paying more attention, I started getting more signs, more affirmations. Like one thing, for example, when I was in Iraq, I went to mass one day. It's one of the first days I was there, finished up mass. There was a guy who came, his name was Joaquin. And he comes up to me after Mass, never met him. He's never met me, didn't know each other.


And he didn't say, hi, I'm Joaquin, good to meet you. What's your name? He just came up and said, you're talking about being a, thinking about being a priest, aren't you? And I was like, what? Yeah, just outta the blue, complete stranger. And that was that little things like that, you know, people making comments. That's Not a little thing. Yeah. It's a, it's a big thing. Some random person. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. What do you think that was? That's The Holy Spirit working through 'em, you know? And yeah. So putting all those different, did that Freak you out at all? Have you, have you told anybody? Yeah, I've shared it. Shared it with me. No, I mean, have you told anybody before? Oh no. Anybody around that person?


No. No. There's no reason why he would've known it. I just gotten there. I was the only one from my unit that was deployed at that time to that, to the, you know, so everyone else was new to me. I didn't know anybody. They didn't know me. And that guy didn't know you? No, See, This is what happened to me in s Really? Yeah. Got mean. They didn't tell me to be a priest. I said, make gummy bears This guy. No, this guy. So I ba so this, a lot of stuff was really bothering me. I had, I had a rough slew of interviews that were some of the heaviest ones I ever did. I interviewed this guy, Tyler Andrew Vargas. He was blown up at Abbey Gate, 24 years old. Watched him hobble up my stairs.


One leg, one arm. And the interview before that was this, this hacker, Ryan Montgomery, who had uncovered a big, like a big pedophile website and could have saved, tried to save a 12-year-old girl. But FBI fucking blew him off. And she got gang raped and, and, and yeah. And a really good friend of mine died here in Franklin that week. God. And it was, it was, and and, and then all the, the butchering, whatever you wanna call it, the trans stuff with the kids, the, the, the gender surgeries.


Yeah. It was like really bothering me. And so it was like, all this stuff happened at once. Anyways, I like, I couldn't get the shit outta my head. I smoked a joint, told my wife, let's go for a hike. Tried to get it out. Just tried to like, get it out. And, and I felt like I was like surrendering. I was like, Sean, why do you even give a shit about this stuff? Nobody else cares. You're the only one took out speaking out about this stuff. I wasn't, but that's how I felt. I felt very alone. Like I was the only one that was trying to fight against a lot of the shit that's, you know, the, the sex trafficking and the pedophilia and the gender surgeries that were taking place for 8-year-old kids and, and the state taking people's kids if they don't do it, and from the parents.


And it was just like, what's happening? And anyways, I I, I had like gone on this hike and had a kid, I, I, I felt like I was surrendering. I was like, why do you even give a shit about this anymore? Nobody cares. You're the only one fighting for this stuff. Like, you're the only one speaking out against, it just doesn't even affect you. Just let it go. And I felt like I was like surrendering my soul to the devil or something. But I, but, and I walked through this gate skate and I'd been there for a week and, and a lot of the gate guards knew who knew who I was from my show.


They, they're big fans, a lot of 'em prior military, da dah dah da. And so I would stop and talk to all of 'em and, and have convers short conversations. And I walk through, this is the last night I'm hearing this guy comes out the guard check. And, and, and I pay attention to this kind of stuff too. Like who's watching over the, this just 'cause of what I used to do. This old guy comes out, starts trying to talk to me, I don't wanna talk to him. I'm obviously in a shit mood, right? And kind of like talking to him over my shoulder like this. 'cause I don't want to give him the body language that's like, oh yeah, let's have a full blown conversation.


Like, hey, leave me alone. I'm not trying to be rude, but leave me alone. My wife starts talking to him. So then I turn and square up to him and he, he read my mind from front to back and was like, all this stuff with the, all this stuff with Chyna that you're worried about, that's not your fight. All this stuff with gender stuff that you're worried about, that's not your fight. And it freaked me out. And then he went through my whole everything that I was thinking about on that entire hike and told me that wasn't my fight. I need to let that shit go. I don't even remember the rest of the stuff he had. 'cause I was thinking, holy shit, how the fuck is this guy inside my head right now?


I've never even seen this dude. I've been here for a week. I know every gay guard that's been in here except this random guy that just comes up. Geez. And, and that was the first I told you I got slapped in the face like three times. That was the first one. Mm. So I mean, sounds like you, it reminds me of that. Yeah. What happened to you? Yeah, It's cool. What do You think that is? Is that an angel? Is that god? What is that? Yeah, God word. Have you ever seen that person again? Yeah, I've seen him again. We've been in contact actually. Really? Afterwards? Yeah. Yeah. Because he does the very beginning of the deployment. So as the deployment went on, we talked more and, you know, established a friendship and everything.


But he lives in Oregon. Well, did you ask him how he knew the, Excuse me? No, you Never asked him how he knew you were thinking about becoming a priest. He was a very holy guy. So I knew it was like the Lord put it on his heart to Was he a Catholic too? Yeah, this was right after church on one day, one of the days, first days I went there was, I went to Mass and he was there. And so the first words out of his mouth are, you're thinking of being a priest, don't you? Wow. Yeah. You know, I think that there's a, this stuff happens all the time, but we're just not paying attention to it. We're all in our own little worlds. God's still working man. Like he's all around.


And we just gotta open our eyes, get out of our little bubble. We also gotta be bold. You know, we, we, I think at the very beginning we talked about boundaries and saying, no, we've talked about it outside too. Whenever we say that, whenever we speak the truth, like God works through that. So I, I think not only do we need to be more aware of how God is working around us, we need to be aware of how he's working in us. And it might be bold in the way we talk. Like you can say some stuff that's gonna be awkward, it's gonna hurt, it's gonna be not gonna be comfortable, but it's what needs to be said. That's a terrifying thing.


So yeah. So he, that was, that was an example of like all these, I say little things, they were big things, but they just kept adding up one after another. And then eventually I contact the, the diocese of Little Rock, which is where, where I live in the Catholic church, we got, if you think of it like a state, the geographical region of a group of churches, what we call a diocese, which is what we call it. So I contact the area of where I live in Little Rock and tell 'em, Hey, I'm interested, you know, being a priest, can I come visit and talk to you guys? So I flew back and just visited with him. Went to visit the seminary and it kind of sealed the deal. Once I came and met with the, with the bishop and everything, and then visited the seminaries, I was like, this is cool.


As much fun As I was having in the military, I had so, so much fun. You know, I enjoy going back in. It'd be fun to do it again, you know. But as much fun As I was having, there was a different kind of joy that I experienced whenever I came back for that meeting. It was just like a, a deeper peace. Like I was having fun before, but then I experienced a peace. Sometimes I'll have, I'll have peace in the fun that I'm having, but fun or being happy, it's just a passing emotion. But the peace and that joy, that's a, that's a deeper thing. And, and I experienced it and I was like, okay, this is it. I I went into seminary, huh? That was 2008. So no hesitations? No, not really. I mean, once it, once I connected all the little dots and all the little, the little invitations became the big invitation from God.


Like, I was like, why? Wait, you know? Yeah. Should get off the pot. You know, like, like, okay, well God, you should this clear with me. Like why would I, why would I wait? Like no need to sit around and say he's, he loves me. He loves me not, he loves me. He loves me. Not like, no, he's called you Steven. So go and dropped my nets and, and went, that's fun. Is there any hesi, was there any hesitation that you could not have a intimate relationship with a woman? Yeah, it was there. Yeah, definitely. And, and, and it's so, yeah. So we, we don't get married. We, we give our life completely to the church.


And also part of that is like intentionally to like, to prefigure to live now what life will be like in heaven. Like where we're, it's just us and the Lord, like that radical, intimate relationship with the Lord alone, you know? But yeah, no, that thought definitely went through my mind and it's, it's probably harder now than it was then. I don't mean hard, like in a way that's creating a crisis, but like all of my buddies have kids and kids and stuff, you know? And so like, I'll, I'll see 'em and, and, and part of my brain, I'll think like, what would it be like to have a wife and kids? You know? It's never in a way where I'm thinking like, oh, I want to go find a wife, you know, I wanna go make babies or something.


But it's just like, it's written on the heart. It's, it's, we were made for that. Which is why like the desire is there. So it's good. Yeah. So yeah, that's your question. It definitely came, But you know, it'll still come. But the same, it's kinda like any other commitment. Like if, if someone is, once they get married or something, like they, they say they're IDs, it doesn't mean you stop seeing beautiful women, like for the men or for the ladies. It doesn't mean that she won't see other handsome guys. But like you can say, wow, like she's pretty, or like he's a handsome guy. But, but the commitment's been made. So that's kinda what it's like for me now. Like I've made the commitments and there's a lot of freedom in that.


There's a lot of freedom. So while I may see a pretty lady or something or see a family and think, oh, I wonder what it'd be like to be a family. It doesn't register as an option. 'cause it's not, it would be the same if I, if I was married and then saw other beautiful women, like, well no, I already made my free yes to her. Interesting. Yeah. What was, what was seminary school like? That was some of the best years of my life. It was, my whole life has been fun. It's been a kick in the face every day. What, what's the, what's the Average age of the, of the student body? Yeah, so we were, some guys were 18 right out of high school. Some guys 18. Yeah, right outta high school. Yeah, just going straight into seminary. Some guys like me, you know, early twenties, just in the military.


But as you know, I mean, it doesn't matter what job you do. Like you grew up fast in the military, so you know, a lot of life experience there in the military, up to forties, some guys in the early forties, late thirties, there. Every now and then you'll get some guys that are older in their fifties or something that'll go to seminary. But most of the guys were between, I'd say 18 out of high school up to late thirties. So it's an eight year process, four years of philosophy and four years of theology. I did my pH my philosophy in Louisiana. He read that at the beginning. It was at St. Joseph Seminary in Covington, Louisiana with the Benedictine monks.


That was a cool place. Cajun country. Have you been to l Southern Louisiana? Only once. Some cool people. This a fishing down there. Yeah. That's fun. I went alligator hunting there a year ago. What do you need to go? It's so fun. What, how do you alligator Hunt? I use my bow. You what? Put an arrow like at the base of their skull or a pistol. You can use a pistol if you want. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Nice. Those things are, yeah, they're like, they have, they just wake up pissed. They're dinosaurs. But yeah, so southern Louisiana, that's where Theo Vaughn's from. He's from southern Louisiana. He like, I think from Manda, Mandeville or Covington, Louisiana.


But that's where the seminary was. I didn't know it. He just, yeah. So we were talking about him earlier. He seems like a cool dude. He is a cool dude. Maybe. We'll all let's all go alligator hunting together. Let's do it. That would be fine down there with the Benedictine monks, you know, so cool. They had this big old monastery, you know, they're walking around in their black robes and everything. We would just wear, you know, we had a uniform like suits. We'd wear a suit every day to class. But that was fun, man. Studying philosophy was fun. I fell in love with education. I fell in love with learning. So it was fun to study the philosophy, fun to be with those guys.


But it was fun to be at that place. You know, the, with the monks, the motto for the Benedictines is, is aura at labor, pray and work. And that was really ingrained into me growing up. And, and there it was really clarified, just work and pray, work and pray. If you do that, like God will provide. So bust your ass and do everything you can to stay holy, to be holy and like work hard and tow the line. Like it makes sense. You know? It makes sense. And there's a lot of freedom in that. And you don't get lost in this other other stuff. One of the, the good people too, most of the guys there were from Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas, Alabama, Georgia, just good old boys, a bunch of foreign boys and stuff.


We would do a, every year we'd have a big football game around Thanksgiving and we would have a big bonfire. And that was always a lot of fun. I made a, I was in charge of building the bonfire. Me and a buddy of mine, Brian Phillips, he's a priest in Austin, Texas. We were in charge of building it. Every year we'd rent a, we we'd go out, scout for trees, cut the trees down, haul the wood up, and then start building it. The last year we did, it was 33 feet tall. It was 20 by 20 foot, 33 feet tall. Massive. I, dude, so, so the day starts, we have, we have mass, all of us have mass together at midday, then we go out and play a football game. And then after that, we just have a big meal and light the fire.


It's really cool. The seniors are the ones that like the fire, we all go out. The seniors, when you're a senior, you, everyone marches out in this line with these big torches and then you put it in and then just hang out until, until the next morning. What do you learn? The history of the Catholic church? Yeah, yeah. Where did it start? We believe with Peter, right? Peter and the disciples, you know, so with Jesus Christ. Short answer. Can you go into the long answer? Yeah. Yeah. So I, the, the beautiful thing about the ch the the, the Catholic church is, is the important thing that, that we really focus on is apostolic succession.


Meaning like coming from the apostles. So Jesus comes, he loved everyone, he healed everyone, but he also called a very specific group of people to follow him, to learn from him, and then to continue the mission that he started. And he gave them gifts, anointing to continue all the things that he did, you know, as the, you know, the apostles, the two disciples. And then, but we've got, you know, we can follow apostolic succession from Christ to St. Peter through all the popes up to Pope Francis right now. So we've got the, the genealogy of it. Am I saying that all of 'em are good? No, they were like corrupt times in the church.


That doesn't take away from the fact that people can be corrupt while the institution still maintains its dignity. And so, although, you know, we've had some good popes, we've had some bad popes, we've had good Christians and good and bad Christians, you know, everything in between. But, so it comes back to apostolic succession, you know, just that line of popes and then the, the people who were in, so Peter was the first Pope the apostle, yeah, yeah. And then now, like apostolic union, it's like the connection to the Holy Father and not so much him. We don't worship him, but we recognize him as the father figure of the church who he followed Pope Benedict, who followed John Paul ii, who followed John Paul first, and then Paul the sixth, and then John the 23rd, and they all the way back.


And so that's, we go back to that, to the lineage of, of the popes. And then under them would be all the bishops who are in communion with the Pope. And then under the popes or the bishops would be all the priests who take care of all the faithful around the world. There's not every, every square inch of the world is delegated to some Catholic diocese, which is kind of cool. Interesting. Yeah. It's like for the, the sake of salvation, the souls. Like there's somebody spiritually designated to somebody designated to have spiritual authority over every soul on this earth. So although there's 10,000 people in my parish, I'm a pastor of a general area.


My parish is not just my church. My parish is the whole area, the whole geographical area where I'm at. So I'm of course responsible for taking, responsible for taking care of the, the Catholics at the church, but also every other soul that lives in my area. Whenever I die and I meet the Lord, one of the things that I've gotta answer is like, how did I serve all the sheep in my, in my area? And so it's like this spiritual authority we pray and make sacrifices for them and try to bring 'em to Jesus Christ. So interesting. Yeah, that was one of the things that really opened my eyes up to the universality of the church. That's a, that's a big thing Catholic in the small c like the big ca, capital C Catholic refers like the Catholic church, but it means universal, you know, it's like worldwide.


You say that and you know, but what does that mean? My theology, after I finished seminary in, in Louisiana, I went to Rome. I was in Rome for four years, which is a phenomenal experience. And I really had a universal experience or an experience of the universal church people from all over the world. I did my graduate studies in theology at the Gregorian University. It's the university that was founded in 1551 by Saint Ignatius of Loyola. So to go to a seminary that's, you know, that old 500 years old, wow. It was like really cool. And the people in my class, there was around 120 students, men and women from all over the world, As I mentioned earlier, like the, the classmate, one of my classmates wa was from, from Iraq, just miles.


We were miles apart. And then we were sitting inches apart a little bit later. And like little things like that, I keep saying little things, that's a very big thing. But it's those things that really shows the greatness of our, of our, of our God. And like the plan of all this, like it's, there's so much, so much to unpack, you know, it's a big deal. When did the, so the, so The first pope was Peter the Apostle. When did the, when did the Bible come in? So I, the cannon as we have it, that's what, that's what we would call it.


The cannon of scripture. It's like one of the official books of the Bible. It wasn't until around probably the, the three and four hundreds Christianity wasn't legalizing until three 13. So even before then, it was illegal to be a Christian. So they were killing people left and right. They didn't even have the ballot before then. So it was around the three and really into the four hundreds, not until the four hundreds that the actual canon of scripture as we have it now, was, was established. And so that in itself points out like apostolic succession. You know, a lot of people talk about just scripture only. Like, yeah, of course we need the scripture, but I can't be the only thing because like, that was the fruit of the community's relationship with God.


And so that would, that calls in tradition. So scr Catholics for our authority, we don't just refer to the Bible, we also refer to or make reference to tradition as well. Scripture and tradition is, is is how we, you know, where we go to for authority. So yeah. So the Bible four hundreds. So Is the Bible mention the Catholic church at all? No, there's no reference to any of them, but there wasn't, there really wasn't an understanding of the Catholic church as it is now. I mean, like there was, But it wasn't until the Protestant reformation that there were, that were other sex that, that, that then broke off, you know, Protestantism then all the different churches that, that flow outta Protestantism.


Okay. Yeah. So up until then, like if you were a Christian, you were Catholic, Okay. Yeah. And even, yeah, yeah. Okay. Up Until the 1500. So it was, you were, if you were a Christian, that's, that's what you were. But So I, one of the, one of the big questions I have about the Catholic church is, is kind of like the middleman and you know, I'm no biblical scholar, so it's just, it's just questions. But you know, when Jesus roamed the earth, it seemed like everybody had direct line into him.


He didn't really have to go through anybody. And it seemed to me that it was preaching that everybody has a direct relationship with God. And so in, in everything seemed very against the Pharisees. Right? Which is a, which is what a, like a rank structure of humans to God. Correct? Yeah. Would that be, yeah, fair to say. And so it seems like to me it's very similar to the Catholic church, The Pharisees.


Yes. Okay. Am I wrong?


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults and it's probably taking a toll on all of us. ARMRA colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health, help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using ARMRA ever since. They sent me some to try and now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine. Now. I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try ARMRA dot com slash ss or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


This show is sponsored by Better Help Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. But with better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. Seriously, it's the best investment you can make with better help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/ss to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/ss


I would argue. Yeah, I would, I would say So. I would argue against that. So I would agree. We do need a direct relationship with Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ died and rose from the dead. How do we have that physical relationship with Jesus Christ? Now it's through the church that he established, the church that he established in instituted with the apostles that he gave all authority to continue the ministry that he did, to carry on the preaching of the, the good news, salvation, eternal life through Him, only through him. So how do we maintain this physical relationship with Jesus Christ? It's through the church that he established, in particular, through the sacraments that are administered through that church. So whenever the Catholic church, one of the things that we, we talk about all the time, it's, it is our, the meat and potatoes.


It's what it is. It's the sacraments. So to celebrate the sacraments, to celebrate the Eucharist, for example, you have to be a validly ordained priest. A priest that was validly ordained by a, a, a valid bishop who is in communion with the Pope. And he would be in communion with all the popes before him, which would take us back to the lineage of what? Back to his on the line, back to Jesus Christ. So what he handed on, they handed on Jesus, walked and talked with the apostles, spend time with them, touched them. They called their successors, spent time with them, walked with them, put their hands on them for the, for theano. For the ordinations.


That's continued for all the ordinations to the priesthood and the episcopacy to be a bishop. To now all validly ordained bishops have been consecrated by a bishop that came before them. All priests are ly ordained by a, a bishop that was ly ordained. And so there's an actual physical touch, like when the bishop put his hands on my head and anointed my hands. An ordination, there's an actual concrete physical touch that like one hand to the next 2000 years. That's pretty cool. And so how do we have this personal relationship with Jesus Christ? Yeah, we can talk to the Lord in prayer, but that's a spiritual relationship with, with Him. If you're earlier, we talked about like going to the mountains and how that would be hard for you to go for a week.


You know, you, you mentioned getting away from work, but I think more than that, I don't think you wanna be away from your wife and your kids for more than a week. You wanna be with them. So if you were around the world, you could call her every day. You could do FaceTime with your kids. But it's not like walking through that door and picking 'em up and hugging. There's, there has to be physical touch, which is why God became mad. Like because to to to save us completely. God's not, he's not removed from this experience that we have. It's a, it's a physical thing. It's raw man. It's raw, which makes it so real. Which it goes back to the question that Brian had at the beginning. Yeah, you're mad at God, okay.


Be mad at God, like, let him have it like He, it's only in reality that we encounter God, which includes everything that we live day in and day out. So for me, like that's one of the most convicting things of the church. I mean, yeah, I've studied all the theology, you know, it's just, there's so much there. I can, I remember a lot of it, but I don't remember, I can easily look up like the reason I'm sticking with it is 'cause it's so damn real. There's a physical touch to Jesus Christ through this faith that I'm living. We can come. What is the physical touch through the sacraments and the sacraments. Jesus Christ is truly present in the sacraments, the sacraments, those celebrations of those rituals that we'll do in which Jesus Christ becomes truly present in a supernatural and sacred way.


It's like the Holy Eucharist, we believe and, and we live around the fact that that's the, the body and blood, the soul and divinity of Jesus Christ. Okay? And it's, the Eucharist is only, can only be celebrated again through a priest who's been ordained. And you know that the whole line that I pointed out a second ago can't be just, just be Joe Schmo that does it. You know, it's gotta be someone who is inconvenient with the church. So that's the kinda the tradition element like it's hand on, you know, I don't know if that makes sense, but what are all the sacraments? You got seven of them. First is baptism. That's what clean watches of original sin makes us beloved.


Sons and daughters of God. We're no longer just a creature of God, but we're a son and daughter that's greatly loved welcoming to his family. After that you've got the, you know, if you take the sacraments of initiation, you've got baptism, you got the Holy Eucharist, which is the body and blood of Christ. We just talked about that John six. You know, it's, we, you can go and read about that. The bread of life discourse. Jesus says over and over and over, I am the bread of life unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood. You have no life in you. Like at no point does he say, I'm just the image of, of, you know, the bread and the wine is an image of me. He says, I am the bread of life unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood. You have no, no life in you.


And so like what he handed on was the Eucharist in, in that, in that Paul speaks of that take this, this is my body take, this is, this is my blood. Take and eat, take and drink. So it would be asinine for Jesus to say, you have no life in me unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood. And he doesn't make that possible. So we got the Eucharist. That's the second one. The third one is the con is confirmation. It's where we receive the, the fullness of the gifts of the Holy Spirit and baptism. We receive God's, God's love, God's, you know, life and, and the Father. But confirmation is kind of like, what, what really opens up the full use of those sacraments. It's like having a bunch of firearms.


You get 'em at baptism, but then after, after all your training, then you know how to actually shoot 'em. You know how to use 'em. So confirmation is, is that supernatural sacrament that God gives us to unla, unlock all those, you know, it's the magazines he gives us. So to, to actually use the, the weapons, you know? So then you have, so you have the sacrament of reconciliation through which our sins are forgiven. There's a lot of people argue with this one or say, look, well I can just go to God and tell God I'm sorry. Like, yeah, you can't, you should, we should do that every night. But our sins also have a communal effect. No sin that we commit is just between me and God because we are people of community.


There is necessarily like the healing for any wrong that we do. Sin must have a communal element to it. 'cause it affects the community. And so that's where, that's where the sacrament of reconciliation comes in. Where on behalf of Jesus Christ. Like the, the priest speaks those words of forgiveness, of absolution. I absolve you the name of Father and Holy Spirit, you know. So it's, it's the very minister of God's sacraments in the name of Christ on behalf of the community, like grants that, that pardon for the communal elements. So that's the sacrament of reconciliation. We got the sacrament of anointing of the sick.


So whenever people are sick physically, emotionally, mentally, psychologically, there's an anointing that anointing that will give them with some sacred oils, pray some prayers over them. James talks about that letter, James, of sending the elders to anoint him with oil to the sick. And what that does is allows us to unite our suffering to the cross of Christ. It gives meaning to it. So you're not just suffering, you know, of depression or physical ailment or whatever, but now through that suffering, you're united to Christ. So therefore your suffering is saving souls. Like it's, it's a prayer that's offered up to God. You're united to the pains of Christ on the cross and he works through that for the sake of sanctifying the world.


So then you become, you don't become a burden to society. You become a, a beacon of hope and a blessing through which the Lord comes through your brokenness. That's anointing of the sick. And the the last two, and this isn't, they're not an order, numerical order like this, but the last two I'd mentioned would be the sacraments of marriage or holy orders or what? Holy orders, priesthood. Okay. Yeah. So both of those are sacraments of a vocation or calling. What they do is commit us to, to a way of life. It makes us, gives us a vow. And so we all have free will and God wants us to love most fully with that.


And the best way to love is to love perfectly, which would be a love till death. And a civil contract does not bind that, you know, there, there is a binding element within that, but it's through the sacrament that it becomes a supernatural, supernaturally bound vow. Okay. So husband and wife for example. Or a priest I guess, you know, till death to his part kind of thing. So the sacraments you mentioned through all those, this is gonna bring it back to how this started, was like that allows us to have a true actual physical contact with Christ. Because in all in all of those, we received Christ himself in a very distinct way through the baptism, the anointing of the sick through confirmation, through the Holy Orders, priesthood and, and ordination.


But there's an interesting thing with the Eucharist, these other ones, you receive it once and it's like something that happened kinda like it unlocks God's grace in those moments. And then you move forward with the Eucharist. The presence remains in the bread, the presence remains in the wine. It's been consecrated, it becomes the body and blood of Christ. Which is why all churches, Catholic churches keep a tabernacle where we keep the, the Eucharist kept up like a locking key. 'cause it's a sacred thing. We don't keep to the, you know, do anything with it. Just, you know, anything religious with it or anything like that, that presence remains and yeah, Kinda interesting Sacraments.


So when somebody wants forgiveness, why do they have to go through a priest to get that forgiveness? Yeah, good question. It would be what I've referenced earlier, the, for the one for the communal element, like the, the, the, the sin that's been done is it affects the whole family, even if it's a private sin. But then also just the surety of, of hearing the forgiveness of, of knowing that it's that, that the lord's forgiven forgiveness and wish I could explain it better in, in that regard.


Do you think God forgives if they are truly sorry and they don't go through a priest? Yeah. Nothing prevents God from forgiving us then like how would you know though? Or like that? That's, that's a very simple answer and it's not like, I'm not trying to make a cop out answer or something, but like, what's the surety of it? That it's been forgiven? You know, we can pray it and we can believe it. Like how do we know it? Of course we could have faith that we're forgiven, but what's the actual physical guarantee, I guess to bring it back to the flesh. What's the actual physical guarantee that's been forgiven? Because you can pray about it and it still kind of will linger in your head.


Like, well, you know what, if I wasn't her, maybe I, you know, but through the words of the priest, like, we're physically forgiven. 'cause God comes to like, he wants to save all of us, not just our soul. Like he wants to save at the end of, end of time. We'll, we'll be raised up by the end soul, But aren't we all already free from, I mean, aren't we all already forgiven before we even commit him? I mean, that's the, so that, the whole reason that Jesus died on the cross. Yeah, but we still have free will too. So we we're still capable of messing up again. That's the, the, the mystery of salvation on the cross. Like it's one definitive moment when we're all forgiven. It's been done. It was a concrete moment in space and time 2000 years ago.


It's also a supernatural reality that's still being played out. Every, every moment we are being forgiven. Like the very fact that we're being held into existence is by God's sheer act of mercy and love. It's his grace that keeps us alive. So we have been forgiven that actual event 2000 years ago. We are being forgiven like constantly because we're not worthy to live. Like it's God's grace that's, that's making it possible so that that could be equated to forgiveness. Like actually here and now. And then we prayed to be forgiven like at the final judgment. So it's like all three can be true, which, which then just reveals to us like, like layers. You were asking earlier about angels and stuff like that. There's a lot of layers.


There's a lot of layers. We can compartmentalize a lot of things in life, but you can't compartmentalize. Like What do you mean layers? I mean like, like angels. So we got the physical realm around us, but also there's like a supernatural element around us. Like there's angels and demons around us. There's so much stuff going on and like what spiritual warfare, you know, Satan and all of his angels. And all of our angels. Yeah. I mean there's a lot of forces at play. We're not just, we're not just roaming around this earth doing our own little jobs and living our own little lives.


Everyone doing their own little thing on this, this big ball. You know, there's like, there's gotta be something more. There has to be something more than us just living our 80 years and then dying after 80 or 90, you know, whatever, 60. And that gives meaning to life. That's why we struggle. That's why. What are they doing in this room? I don't know. What do you think they're doing? What do you envision It? I mean, were they just Sitting there chilling? No, I envision like all they, the demons, like just trying to get us off path. Anything that they can do to get us off track, to create a sin, to create more doubt in, in who God is.


To have more pride to, to be more independent. And what I mean is like not depending on God. So they want, they're doing everything they can to distract us and separate us God. And so the angels are doing everything they can to help us stay focused on God. It's all about ordering everything to God. That's what it means to live a virtuous life and, and, you know, struggle for holiness every day. Do they interacting with each other? Angels and demons? That's a a it's a battle. Yeah. I mean we, we would see them, but also like, you know, I don't know, I don't see angels, I don't see demons.


I know they're real, but they exist in a different realm than us. Like it's, it's, it, it's not bound by space and time. And so they don't like sit around a desk and, and try to like negotiate. Like we can't even fathom that what the, what that battle looks like. Sparks going against each other. I don't know. But it's just like, there's, there's two forces pulling, pulling this world and everything in it. Two different directions, good and bad, light and dark heaven or hell, whatever you wanna call it. Like, there's, there's two forces that are at play. Even for someone that doesn't believe in God or doesn't wanna believe in anything, any kind of higher power.


Like if you are like somewhat conscious and somewhat aware of life in the world, like you would, you would agree that there's like, there's a tension here. There's gotta be something, there's gotta be more than what we're just seeing. And there there's a constant pull between, you know, just good and bad. So I wish I could explain it better, but I, How was the Pope chosen through, it's the, it's at a conclave, that's what it's called. And the, all the cardinals from around the world will come together and they'll pray and then they'll, they'll cast ballots and then when a certain number of those votes are passed, then, then the, and the, the pope is determined to, but it's through the, like a voting process of the different cardinals.


I was there in 2013 whenever Pope Benedict stepped down and Pope Francis was elected. That was a cool experience, man. There were, I don't know, 20,000 people, 30,000 people there at St. Peters Square, probably, maybe more than that. But there were so many people. It was the most energetic thing I've experienced in my life. It was so cool. We're all out there. And you know, whenever the Pope is elected, they're on the Sistine Chapel. There was a bunch of movies out there, some, a lot of it's just like Hollywood stuff, but they do go in the Sistine Chapel. They vote and then the smoke will come out. Either the black or the white smoke. Whenever you, the white smoke comes, it means, you know, a pope has been elected. So we're all out there when hanging up, hanging around, just waiting.


'cause they meet in the morning and then they meet in the evening and, and, and they continue to meet and vote until the pope is elected. And then the white smoke will come in and they, they, they choose one. So we knew they were meeting that evening and it went late. So we're like, something's going on. And finally the white smoke comes and it just, it went crazy. I mean, so much energy. And it, he comes out, he gives his initial greeting. This was a really cool thing. And then he said, you know, like something along these lines, I'm, you know, I'm your holy Father. Like, I'm, I'm the new Pope, but like, I'm just paraphrasing it. Basically, if you want me to, like, I need your prayers. So before I can even start this ministry to pray for you and lead you, you gotta pray for me.


So we'll just do this mo do this right now. And so, like, there was dead silence. You could hear a pen drop. It was crazy. And everyone was just praying. And yeah. So I was there for that. But it, But it was through that, the process of the Cardinals coming together from all over the world. And they'll cast their ballots until the, the numbers, a number like to one is chosen. I don't know if it's 50 plus one or if there's gonna be a percentage, 80% or something. I don't, I don't know. That's not my pay grade. What was Vatican two? It was the second Vatican Council. It was in the, the sixties. The whole, the whole in the church.


'cause it is a human institution, just like anything else is, can be politicized. But the Second Vatican council was a gathering of the, the, the bishops and the cardinals and some representatives, labor representatives from of Catholics from all over the world that come together for, for a number of years. And with the goal of identifying the needs of the times and, and essentially kind of laying out what's gonna be the next steps forward, realizing that scripture and tradition going through that again, we have to follow the word of God. Nothing that we can do that we do can con contradict the word of God, but also the way that we're living is not the way that we were living 2000 years ago.


So Peter and Andrew, James and John, when they were fishing at the Sea of Galilee, they weren't saying, Hey, which AI do you use? Do you use Google? Do you use do Gemini or do you use copilot? Or Claude? What do you use? Like, AI wasn't even there on their radar. They weren't talking about in vitro fertilization. They weren't talking about Ibogaine. Actually, I would, I would bet that they'd be talking about Ibogaine before, before AI or anything like that. 'cause it, that could have, that could've been around. But the point I'm making is like, we have to address things now that weren't issues a thousand years ago that weren't an issue 20 years ago, you know, so this was, this was in the sixties.


So they were addressing, calling out the issues that needed to be addressed that had not been addressed before. So that we can gain some understanding from sacred scripture how to live in this world that we're living in. Does that kinda make sense? Yeah. So it was, it was a gathering of what were some of those issues? Let's see. There were trying to think. There were, there were like all, all sorts of stuff. One of it was like the role of the people in the church. One of the problems that we noticed was like, in some ways, like too many priests were getting, you know, a big head getting power hungry. And so I was like, well, hold on. Like, you are the priest. You have been ordained for this, this is true, but also you gotta recognize that your flock have a voice as well.


So recognizing like the role of the faithful. And that was, that was one of the biggest things from Second Vatican Council. There's a million different, I say a million, not a million. There were a bunch of different things that came up. But the, the shortest, most concise way of putting it is like, it was addressing how priest needed to be more pastoral in the preaching of the gospel. And when I, when I say that, I don't mean like watering the gospel down to make people feel good. What I mean is like recognizing that we have a job to preach the gospel to all people. So it was calling us, telling us to do our work. And with the, it was also pointing out the fact that the, the lay faithful, that means the people that aren't priests are deacons.


Like they have a voice and they have to go out and preach the gospel gospel too. That's kind of the, the shortest way of putting it. But it recognizes the, the needs of the time. Mm. That's kind of a simple way of putting it. Some of the things were like liturgical reforms. The mass used to always be completely in Latin. Part of the, some of the changes we're doing some of the stuff in the vernacular, which means the language that the people speak. And so doesn't mean getting rid of Latin completely. That's a beautiful thing. A lot of churches still use a lot of Latin, But it wouldn't make sense for me to preach to my people in Latin if they don't understand it. I need to preach to them in English or Spanish, you know, whatever language they understand.


Yeah, it's basically coming to the times with the gospel. The gospel that doesn't change. Bringing that gospel to the people today and the questions that they have. What do you think about some of the traditions that are changing in the Catholic church? Can you, Are they taking kneeler out? Some are, you know, what's really cool is like there's a resurgence in those. Part of, there was a, one of the unfortunate things second Vatican council is there were some, some people who were out there who took it and just did what they wanted to with it. They interpreted it the way that they wanted to. So they stripped their churches, like got rid of all the, all all, all these traditions, like the nailers, for example, bad or music or art, took terrible liberties to interpret the stuff that they wanted to, the way they wanted to interpret it.


And it went to an extreme. So what we're seeing now is like, so for example, the liturgies, it, it was just like, take the needles out, take the sacredness out of it and make it more like a social gathering, is how a lot of people responded to it. What we're seeing now though, is like more people are coming back to those traditions of saying like, there is a social element, but it's gotta be a sacred moment. If we wanna hang out and just listen to fun music, we can put on iTunes or something, or Spotify, or we can, we wanna hear fun. Like we can go to concert, we can go out to eat a restaurant, go to Pizza Hut or something. But if we wanna encounter God, there has to be a sacred element. So people are putting the nailers back in bringing sacred music back.


I mean, who's making these decisions in, if this goes all the way back to Peter the Apostle and he set the traditions and he was, I mean, next to Jesus, then who are these new people 2000 years later that are making up their own rules going, oh, we don't need this anymore. Yeah, get rid of that. Well, that would be the, the some of the priests or the bishops that, that were just doing what they wanted and not following the tradition. So they weren't doing what the church was teaching in those moments. It was just disobedience. There's really no other answer to it other than that. Just like they, like, they weren't doing what they were told to do.


Are there evil forces of play within the, within the church to take those traditions? Oh, I think so. I think so. I mean, we're, we're all sinners. We're all broken people. Some people are intentionally, some people, well, all of us mess up. Some people are like intentionally acting badly, you know, against those. I don't have a, a lot of experience, you know, with that, like that, you know, I, lemme lemme back up. So like, I was in Rome for four years. I was at the Vatican all the time, got to meet the Pope a number of times, a bunch of cardinals and bishops from all over the world and stuff. So like I know a lot of people in power and I've never met anyone that's like intentionally trying to burn the place down.


Okay. There are, but there, there are, you know, who are they? I don't know who they are, but I'm not gonna be naive and say they don't exist. Yeah, But they're coming to light. They're, they're, they're, everything comes to the light. So yeah, they exist, but the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Scripture says, and I have to change the subject, but I forgot. When did you wind up on the, the Ninja warrior show For I Can Place Or What, or Yeah, yeah.


So I did it twice, 2018, 2020. I didn't, I didn't make it through the first round. They, they just invited me on. I was like, well sure, why not? Like, I, I didn't know what the hell I was doing, But it just, I gave it a shot. It was fun. One of 'em was in Dallas, the other one was in St. Louis, you know, cool thing about that, like you mentioned the Instagram page earlier. I don't put a lot of ministry stuff on there. And it's not like I'm hiding the priesthood. It's actually like quite the opposite. I don't put a lot of pastoral ministry out there because the souls of the people that I'm with are sacred. Like people, your soul is sacred, John.


Like, mine is like, the human soul is a sacred thing. God dwells within that. And whenever I'm privileged to have an encounter with a soul in my church, a sheep, a sheep of my flock, I take that seriously. And so, like, I don't put that stuff on social media. Like I'll share some stuff every now and like some school stuff. I'll share some things with the school, other things in ministry. But it's not a, it's not a lot. 'cause that's such a sacred thing. I share a lot of my own personal life. I, I don't hesitate to share my soul with people. So the neat thing with the ninja war, I did that. I got a lot of pushback from people, a whole bunch of pushback from who? Priest, some other priests. Also why for LA also some of the people in the church as well, because it wasn't a holy thing.


Like you should be doing holy stuff like praying or, you know, studying or stuff like this. You shouldn't be wasting your time going on TV and doing the ninja warrior thing. But you know, what was really cool about it was to bring it back full circle. Like this connected the, the Vatican two stuff. We gotta be in the world, but not of it. We have to go out and preach the gospel boldly. So I did the, I ran the course of my clerics just like this. They had a little clip on there that towed a little bit of my story. You know, I crashed and burned that, you know, so that was, you know, whatever, that, that doesn't matter. But people saw a priest doing something that they don't see a priest doing, and you would not believe how many phone calls and emails I got.


Not people to say, Hey, congratulations, good job. Or like, oh, you're a loser. You fell in the water. But calling to say like calling, sending emails, sending letters in the regular mail. Hey father, I saw you on Ninja Warrior, that was cool, but my marriage is falling apart. Could you know this, this, and this and this. What advice would you give me? Hey father, I saw you on tv, you know, that was neat. My kid's on dope. What's a way that I can be with him? Or like, Hey, I was abused as a kid and it's fun watching Ninja Warrior with, with my kids, but it, I'm always thinking about this trauma from my childhood. Like, how can I get healing from that? And so by me doing that, it opened up a lot of avenues of communication with people, which is really cool.


Yeah. Same thing with like fitness and the hunting stuff. Those are two things. I love CrossFit, love hunting, and I share those stories and it's exact same thing. Well, I mean, I, I think what's cool is, I mean, we talked about the masculinity stuff a little bit, but I think what's cool is you're showing that you're, you're, you're a regular person and you're with the people. You're competing, you're working out, you're hunting, you're doing all these things. And and you had just mentioned, you know, a lot of the priests that put themselves on a pedestal. And I think that, I think that, I don't think I know that kind of stuff turns a lot of people away.


And, and when you see somebody who is out there in the community with people doing shit that people like to do. Yeah. I mean, it, it makes you, it humanizes you. It makes you an approachable person. It's, it's makes you somebody that people can relate to something, strike up a conversation about something other than the Catholic church. And I think that's important. Yeah. And I mean, and it up, I mean, you just said it, it works. Yeah. I mean Jesus was out with the people. Right, exactly. Which, So why aren't not why aren't the rest of the priests out with the people?


Yeah. Or pastors or ministers. Yeah. Or anybody. Yeah. I mean, we can't sit in our little palaces, you know, we got to get the trenches with the people, you know, and, and if I'm gonna preach effectively, like I gotta know what they're living. I gotta be with them out there. You know, like you just said, that's what Jesus Christ did. This God who's beyond all things, this God who made space and time is beyond space and time entered into the confines of space and time to be with us like he was, he did miracles. Yeah. But also he walked and talked with him. He had to have cut up, you know, with him. Jonathan Rumi, he's, he's, he's just the chosen, have you seen that? The TV series or heard of that? Yes. Yeah.


And like, there's a lot of stuff in that show that's not in the Bible, But it iss plausible. Like you could, he's joking around with them. That stuff I think really happened. Even if it's not in scripture. Jesus, they had to have cut up. They had to joke around, you know, I'm sure they got, you know, ate some, you know, I don't know, roasted lamb or something got heartburn or, you know, you know, it wasn't cooked enough in diarrhea or something. I don't know. But like, we're humans, you know, and we just gotta continue that with, in, in ministry, you know. What are your thoughts on, we have a huge veteran audience. There's a suicide epidemic going on.


Mm. It's Like up to 40 something a day. Yeah. What are your thoughts on suicide? Yeah, it's, I got a lot of thoughts. Like, I I, There's a lot to unpack here. First of all, no one commits suicide. 'cause things are going all right. No one does that because, because life is worth living, right? So there's, they're, they're broken. There's a lot going on there internally. There's also problems externally, support systems that are not in place that should be.


So I, I recognize that element of it. But also like, and this is like a a, I'm not saying this lightly and I, I don't want any listener to take it lightly or anything, but like, I think it's a, a cowardly thing to do. They've got so many burdens that are pushing them into the grave and they want to like, it's just almost too much to bear. So they'll end their life. But in doing that, that burden is handed over to someone else to sort out or figure out, you know? And I don't know, like, it, it, it's just a, it's a complicated thing to unpack that I've had, you know, people at the church commit suicide or family members, things like that.


Not my own family members, but like family members, church people done funerals and stuff like that. It's tough, man. Like, I, I wish I could give an answer. It's just, it's a messy thing. Do they go to heaven? God's god's grace is, is big. God's grace is big. God can get anyone to heaven that he wants to get to heaven. You know? And in those situations, you know, in, in years past, it's kinda like a, a thing from second veteran counsel. You ask about that. Like, it was somebody committed suicide.


It was immediately like, there was a teaching for a long time that they were just immediately condemned to hell. 'cause it was murder. You're murdering yourself now, shall not kill. And you've killed yourself. But, but the act of murder happened. Like, you, you committed the act, act of murder even though it was yourself. Now the church recognizes, like, it's a lot more complicated than that now that we understand psychology and, and, and the, the human mind and everything. And so we recognize how like God sees the brokenness in that person and that's God's desire to save, you know, broken people. You know, it's kind of hard to, to say that.


Like yeah. Short answer, can they go to heaven? Yeah, they can definitely go to heaven. Does it definitely mean they're gonna heaven? No, I don't know. I don't know who goes to heaven or who goes to hell. It's up to God. I don't want to sit here though, and, and make it an easy out for somebody, you know? And that's, that's in some ways, like, I don't, this is something I'm struggling with. This may have come up on one of your, your recent episodes on this subject of like, how do we talk about it? Like in, in a way that doesn't give it a blessing, but like actually addresses the calls, you know?


And in a way that doesn't create like a heroism in it. Does that, I dunno if that makes sense. I don't, man, I don't ever think anybody thinks there's heroism in it. Yeah, No. It, yeah. And this is just a lack of words. Like, so I think you, you, you talk about the burden that's been passed on. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I think a lot of people do it. Yeah. Because they feel like they are the burden. Yeah. And, and that's, that's what needs to be addressed. Like, they're not so, so how do we get to the heart of that? Like It's a bigger burden Yeah. To kill yourself. Yeah. But even in my own life, like I, this is not, not to the point of suicide, but like, I, one of the reasons we're talking earlier about boundaries and stuff, it's hard for me to ask for help.


'cause I don't wanna be a burden. I grew up in the poor family, everything. Like, it was hard to get by with everything. And I didn't wanna be another burden. And so that's so ingrained in me that it's hard for me to ask for help. So like, I, I can understand what it's like to like, not wanna burden somebody. So how do we tell 'em like, you're not a burden buddy. Like you're not a burden. You may be screwed up. That doesn't mean you're a burden. You still got dignity, man. We're all screwed up. We're all like, fight with stuff. We wrestle with stuff and I say screwed up, but in a loose way. So I, it's just a, a tough thing. People just wanna be loved, man. We just need to walk with people, you know? How do you, this goes a lot of the stuff we were talking about earlier, man.


I'm just, I'm trying to figure this thing out myself. I've been to a lot of school. I've had a lot of experiences that don't mean I know what I'm doing. I'm just a loss full in this thing called life every day waking up saying, God help me to not be as like a little bit less of a loser today than I was yesterday. And any way that I can help other people around me be a little bit less of a loser today than they were yesterday. Like, I'm doing what God's called me to do. And that just means like, I have to be willing to sit with uncomfortable stuff. So then how do we, I think that's where the, where we can improve is sitting with people in those moments when we don't have an answer. 'cause we want an answer. We want something to fix it, we want a treatment. And unfortunately a bullet or a pill is like often like where the mind goes to.


And gosh, I think it, I think it may, I don't know if it was one of your episodes or not, just a recent one. I was just listening to it on the drive over here. But how like somebody can be under the influence of something You're not thinking clearly in that moment. You know? And it's so easy to make a permanent decision in that split second, you know? And but how do you sit with somebody in that moment and say, listen, I don't have an answer for you. I can't imagine how much it sucks for you, but I'm gonna sit with you right now. Whatever we gotta do, I will do it. And that's hard because it requires us to surrender control. 'cause we want to fix it. Especially for guys, we like to fix stuff.


We don't wanna be a burden. We want to get it done now. We don't like to ride things out. So there's so many things that go against the way that we're built. So many things that are pushing against our own DNA, the way we operate as men. Just, but for us to just sit there in that, in that, in that tension, in those crosshairs, like, or that crossroads is not having an answer. I think that's where we start. Like, what does that look like? I don't know. But it, it's a, it's a messy thing. I wish we didn't have it. I wish said wasn't a thing.


Yeah. But it is. And it's hurting a lot of people. Yes, it is. Anyway. Yeah. Anyone like I'll, if there's any way I can help anyone, you know, I know a ton of people listen to this. Oh yeah. Reach out. You know, I like I just said I can, I can't answer anything. I can't be a savior, but I'll, I got some grit and, and I'll just sit it out with you. Have you ever, do you think that your, how do I, do you feel that your father or your sister has ever reached out spiritually to you?


No. Have they ever tried to make contact? No, but I haven't paid attention to that. Someone asked me a similar question a few weeks ago and before I'd never thought of that until they asked it. And I kind of forgot about it until just now. You asked. So short answer is no. I, I'm sure they have and I just wasn't paying attention. Or maybe they have and I was, but I didn't know it was them. Well, we're kind of wrapping up the interview here, but I want to, I want to, I want to end on mayhem Hunt, huh? Yeah. What is it? It's a group of us just knuckleheads that like to work out and Hunt.


So Rich Froning one of my best friends, he's big in the CrossFit world, just lives up the road here. Is he living In a CrossFit? No. Yeah. Kidding. Who's he? He's older than. He's old and washed up now. No, I'm joking. He's still a fit guy. Super strong. Him and a few of our best friends. Like, we started hunting a number of years ago. We've always been passionate in fitness and from that, like we, we, we just wanted to get more people, you know, and ready to Hunt. Hunting's a it's a tough thing physically. And so just creating a training program to do that. And it's still new. We're still getting it off, off the ground and everything.


Cool. But yeah, training program to get people ready to Hunt, mayhem, Hunt. It's Right on you. Getting ready to do any big hunts? Yeah, this opening to do a bear Hunt this late summer or late spring, then this fall I'll go elk hunting again. Nice. September, probably Montana this year, maybe. Nice. I wanna take you an alligator Hunt. We're gonna go alligator Hunt. Let's do it. You and me and Theo Vaughn. Let's, let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. The suicide thing. That's a tough one, man. Yeah. Like I see it from both sides. Like I understand that I don't understand any of it. 'cause I'm not in a situation, but from like my perspective, I can see the broke, I should have mentioned this in the talk or just a second ago.


Like, I can see the side of the individual and their brokenness. Like no one does that 'cause things are fun, you know? But also I've been with the victims or the family, the families afterwards, and I see all the, everything that they go through too. So, and I see that and it's like, ah, it's just so much pain all around. Yeah. You know What, what, what, what is, what do you, what do you think about Donna? What is purgatory? Yeah, so purgatory is like, we would believe whenever we die, before we have the full beatific vision, that's the, that's heaven seeing God face to face.


Like we're still not worthy to be in the presence of God. We, we, 'cause we still have imperfections from his own life that, that have to be worked out, that have to be, we have to be purified of. And, and so purgatory would be like that time that would, that final purification, that that would make us fit to see the face of God and not die, not be overwhelmed, but be freed from anything that, that could hold us back. So what happens there? I does that. Do they, do they they don't talk about it at all or no, like No, it do, it's just, I don't know, kind of purification for any wrong duties.


Yeah. I, I don't know's. No, no. Like formal teaching of saying like, well here's the protocols or here are the things that happened there. I don't know. Is it like time limits or No? Yeah. 'cause then you'd be out outside of time. Like it wouldn't be like the same time constraints that we have now. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like a complete, I've had a bunch of schooling, I promise, but like, I, I can like revert to farm. Boy, I, I wish I could give some better answers for a lot of this stuff. It's like, I don't know, mama just said go and so I'm doing it. Jesus said work and so I'm working.


Right on. Well Father, I appreciate you coming and it was, it was, it was an honor to interview you and get your story and I just wanna say, God bless. Thanks Sean. I bet you gave me NBA veteran Jim Jackson takes you on The court to get a chance to dig into my 14 year career in the NBA, but also get the input from the people that will be joining. Charles Barkley. I'm excited to be on your podcast, man. It's an honor Spike Lee, entrepreneur filmmaker Academy Award winner Nixon.


So now you see I got you. But also how sports brings life, passion, music, all of this together. The Jim Jackson Show, part of the Rich Eisen podcast Network. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.