
At Sierra, discover great deals on top brand workout gear, like high quality walking shoes, which might lead to another discovery. 40,000 steps baby, who's on top now? Karen, You've taken the office. Step challenge a step too far. Don't worry though. Sierra also has yoga gear. It might be a good place to find your zen, Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices, Sierra, let's get moving.


This episode is brought to you by Mass presenting HBO original comedy special Brett Goldstein, the second best night of your life. Emmy winning actor, writer, and comedian Brett Goldstein brings his irresistible charm and quick wit stateside for his first ever HBO standup Special Goldstein sheds his testy Roy Kid facade to share his hilarious insights on love, sex, masculinity, and more. Brett Goldstein, the second best night of your life. Now streaming exclusively on Max.


This is my first ever interview with an enemy combatant, a commander from Russia's infamous Wagner group. It's a little bit of a language barrier with this one, so bear with us. 'cause there is some very interesting information in this episode. And if you can bear with the language barrier, I think you're gonna get a lot out of this and learn a lot about Wagner Group, how they came about their training, and the caliber of men that they had working there. Enjoy the show.


Marat Gabidullin, Welcome to the show. Thank you. It's nice to meet you, John. Thank you for being here. Wanted to bring you on here to, to fill in a couple of gaps with the language barrier. Sure. Marat Gabidullin, born in Euro. You grew up in Uzbekistan and joined the Soviet military in 1984. Served as a paratrooper officer and commanded a recon company. Then joined Russia's Wagner group, starting as a grunt, fighting ISIS in Syria and rising all the way to Commander. You worked closely with Wagner Bosque Ian, advising the ISIS hunters in Syria, and fought in the Battle of Kham in 2018 against us.


And Kurdish forces. You then quit Wagner in 2019, authored a book about your time with Wagner, and since then you have moved to France where you're now seeking asylum. This interview has taken place in Paris. Obviously we couldn't get you to the us so we came here to, to meet you. It's really weird for me to say this, but you are, you are an enemy combatant, and you fought in, in a skirmish in Syria and against 40 US soldiers, special Forces soldiers. And I'm friends with a couple of those guys and heard their account of that battle.


And then we ran into your, your friend John Lechner, and asked to be connected with you. So I just wanna thank John, a freelance journalist, writer and researcher who's been in complex zones across the globe. Author of the book, Death Is Our Business, Russian Mercenaries and the New Era of Private Warfare expert on Russia's moves in Africa, their foreign policy and private military companies. So Thank you again for being here, but thanks For having me. I wanted to, I wanted to dive in on a little bit of the history of Doc Waner group. Yeah. And so how, how did it, how did it start? Well, so as Marat was telling you, Wagner really began in, in 2014.


And, and Marat, as he was saying, he, he joined the company as they call it, the only on the inside call at the company. Wagner Group itself as an entity never existed. It was sort of just a nickname that that was given to it. Some of my friends told me that in Russia emerged the some kind of structure view, I can start my life from the very beginning. Wagner initially came out of the war in eastern Ukraine, and its founder was a guy at y Afghani Prego, who, who Marat has mentioned a couple of times.


This is a guy who was born in the sixties in, in, in the Soviet Union, and sort of grew up on the wrong side of the tracks. He, he was a, a, a petty thief and kind of a small time gangster in his teenage years. And he goes away to prison at the age of 18, if I remember correctly, for assault and robbery. He and his gang were on a street and Len Grab became St. Petersburg and they forgo came up behind a woman and, and strangled her until she almost died. And then they, they robbed her and he was caught and sent away for, for nine years.


And, and when he gets out, the Soviet Union is collapsing around him and he returns to his native St. Petersburg, where first he falls in with some gangsters again in the, in, in the nineties, which Marat had kind of alluded to previously with these various crime bosses and, and, and things. And so he falls in with some crime bosses himself, and they set him up as a manager of some grocery chain grocery store chains. He eventually turns that into becoming a restaurateur of some very kind of fancy restaurants in St. Petersburg that a younger Vladimir Putin enjoyed. And he leveraged those relationships to eventually get, getting the job of providing meals to the whole Russian military and, and the Russian school system.


So he became close with Putin through his restaurateurs. Well, as, as you'll see kind of as, as we go through the story, he, he, he manages to connect with Putin. Putin likes him, but he's never able, he would always say that he was about one handshake away from Putin. And so Putin gets to know him. He, he kind of likes him because he's uncouth. He, he, he, he's kind of has that sort of rough kind of attitude, which is somewhat refreshing given kind of the bureaucratic elite that are surrounding Putin. And, and so ProGo eventually gets this, this job to provide the meals for the Russian military.


And so that, that takes us to around 2014 or so when, well, we have to go back a little bit, a little bit further. So, you know, while he's doing this work as a contractor, he, he also is looking for different ways that he can look good and get on Putin's radar. One of the ways he does it is there are massive protests against Putin's return to the presidency in 2012. And, and so ProGo puts together this kind of documentary that, that shows how all the protestors are fake, basically supported by the west. And, you know, he finances it himself.


It's not like Putin is doing this, but it's a way to, to virtue signal and show, Hey, you know, I'm furthering the cause of, you know, Putin's cause and, and Russia's cause more broadly. And so, as I said, Putin is coming to the presidency again in 2012. There are massive de destabilizing protest against it. And he navigates it and, and, and, and, and gets back into power. But pretty much fairly quickly thereafter, another revolution is happening this time on Russia's border in Ukraine. What became the Maan Revolution in late 2013. And for Putin, he, he sees these two things as connected, right?


It's, it, it's the West basically trying to overthrow Russia overthrow his own regime, and they're doing it wherever they can. And so the Kremlin in early 2014 makes a decision to annex Crimea, which is a, a peninsula on the Black Sea that is part of Ukraine. It had beforehand been part of Russia during the Soviet period, but it, it went to Ukraine during the Soviet Union. And Russia's Black Sea fleet is there. This is the only warm water port that they have. And it's, it's important. And so amidst all of this chaos, the, the Kremlin decides to annex Crimea.


They use special forces to do it, but then they also rely on these kind of like right wing Russian nationalist chauvinists, kind of the, the folks in sort of Russia's own nationalist militant movement to provide some of the security on the peninsula for the annexation. And after its success, the Kremlin thinks everything's done and dusted. But kind of unbeknownst to them at the time, or kind of something that was unexpected, was that amidst this revolution in Ukraine, there's also an antimon movement, especially in Eastern Ukraine, this region called Donbass, which is economically and culturally closer to Russia.


And so as Ukrainians are taking over government, government buildings to overthrow the government of Jankovich Antimon protestors are taking over these buildings and Donbass and DK and in Luhansk. And this puts Putin and the Kremlin into a difficult situation because unlike Crimea, they didn't want to annex Eastern Ukraine. Donbas, it's not that important to Russia, but Putin is kind of boosting his nationalist credentials by Annex and Crimea gives a big kind of rally around the flag effect. And crucially, thi this is a rally around the flag from, from people who these nationalists, these Russian nationalists and and militant guys who were against Putin's rule in 2012, and we marching against him.


And so he can't be seen as hang letting these separatists in eastern Ukraine hang out to dry, but he doesn't want to risk further sanctions from the West international isolation. And so the Kremlin has to think very quickly, like, how do we support but not support these separatists in Eastern Ukraine? And, and, and this is where Afghani Prurigo, the, the guy who's providing the meals for the Russian military becomes acquainted with another guy, Dmitri Uken, who is a former GRU officer, Russian military intelligence. He fought in Chechnya, he was stationed near Estonia and he had just come back and, and almost got in big trouble for this kind of misadventure with a Russian PMC in Syria.


The these two guys come together and they sign an agreement whereby kin will provide the tactical knowledge, provide the men as contractors, and ProGo will provide the political backing and the financial support for this mercenary group that is very closely, if not basically as Marat was saying, a ministry of defense project that they send into eastern Ukraine right across the border to support the separatists. It's interesting because when I interviewed Eric Prince, we had spoken about Eric Prince earlier.


They reached out to Eric Prince to try to help build Wagner group off of Blackwater. Did you know that, To tell the truth, I am not completely agree with this opinion. Firstly, Wagner group has nothing to do with, with private sector. So what was the recruitment? How did they recruit their, their fighters? So as Marat was saying, I mean, it's word of mouth basically. And, and I think Marat will tell you later as well, the, the initial group of Wagner Whi, which came out of this PMC that had the year before gone to Syria.


So there before Wagner, there were a number of kinda what we would think of as like Western style pmcs that had popped up. And largely in response to the Somali piracy crisis, which I'm sure you remember there, there was an opportunity for these Russian contractors to, to protect Russian ships that are going through the Gulf of Aid. And a number of Russian contractors were even working in Iraq during the, the war on terror as well. The, the issue is that Mercer is illegal in Russia technically. And so these firms would basically establish themselves in like Hong Kong or you know, The Bahamas or something along those lines.


And then the, the client would provide them with the weapons when they showed up going through a third, a third country to protect the ship or, or what have you. And there was this one group called Moran Group where Dimitri Uken, after he left the service, went to go work for, and, and one of the founders of Moran got a contract with, with a Syrian oligarch in 2013 to at least what the guys thought at the time to, to basically protect oil and gas assets from isis. And, and when they showed up, it turned out that the Syrians wanted them to actually take those assets from isis.


And there was almost like a little mutiny among the contractors. But you know, they went ahead and they got ambushed and Dimitri Kin actually got the guys out safely during the sandstorm. They all go back to Russia kind of with their tail between the legs and the FSB, the successor to the KGB arrests and charges the, the, the two commanders who went to Syria with Mercer Lukin, who's like one level below gets off along with all the rest of the guys and only a couple of months later, all of a sudden Russia needs mercenaries. They know who, you know, is interested in this type of work.


'cause they almost arrested the, the guy in Syria. And so those same 50 guys or so formed the core of what was just then called the company. And Dmitri Kin, who is a fan of the German composer, Richard Wagner takes his call sign Wagner in in Donbas. And since he was the the main commander, eventually it becomes kind of the catchall term for the company more, more generally. Okay. And so, so it sounds like when Morat came in, it was about 600 people.


So when, when Marat first came in, in April, 2015, I think it was getting close to about 600 guys. He can correct me if I'm wrong. And, and Marat was coming in, in, in April, 2015. So this is right around the time that Russia is actually trying to sort of get to a ceasefire and, and, and take over the, the, these separatist republics at the time. And so when, when Marat joined, Wagner was a bit different at the time.


It was one of many different forces that the MOD was using to support these separatists. And no one thought that it was going to become what it became. And, and, and so it was one of several units that were kind of figuring out ways to bring volunteers to support the separatists. And, and Wagner at that time had this group of 50 guys or so who, who had, who had been in Syria, but they also had, had a unit of Serbian volunteers that were coming through. And so when Marat joined, he, he was initially part of the, the international brigade, which was largely Serbian and he had a Serbian commander.


Eventually the Serbs would be kind of kicked out, kicked by the wayside later on when, when, when we got to Syria. But when, when Marat joined, it was a few months before some of the final big battles before we saw what was called the Minsk to cease fire between Ukraine and, and the separate estate let's backed by Russia at the time. Okay. Okay. What is it true that they started recruiting out of the prisons Conflict situation with the crime boss? With a crime boss. He is a crime boss. And What was the situation?


It is a Criminal using any opportunity to, to, to take some money from, from anyone. And this situation emerge on the empty place. But as a result, during the, during once during the meeting I shoot him, you shot him, shot him.


And I was sentenced to three years in prison. Where did you shoot him? Hmm? Where In the head? Oh, in the body. In the body. Body. And then in the head. I was in prison in k in Siberia. At the time I served in Siberia, our regiment was removed from the ov to Siberia after Soviet Union collapsed.


So they, the, I think Wagner at the beginning, and, and I think this what Marat will tell you was for the most part, guys who had military experience like Marat, guys who had trouble adjusting to civilian life and, and in some shape or form and, and, and wanted to experience the adventure and comradery again. And, and largely through word of mouth were recruited to the company when they found out there was this opportunity in Ukraine or eventually later on in Syria and elsewhere.


And so for the most part it was guys coming out of the military. Maybe they had a brush with the law, like Marat had to, to put it lightly, but it, the, the full convict recruitment program where pro if you saw the videos of ProGo going around to all of the penal colonies and and recruiting prisoners, that only happened after 2022 for Russia's full scale invasion of Ukraine. Okay. So there were definitely dudes who had served prison time, got out and then joined Wagner, but they, they weren't recruiting from, from the prisons at that time. It was really, I mean, if I remember correctly, Marat, it was moat's buddy from his military times who, who recruited him just by word of mouth.


He said, Hey, I'm doing this, do you want to, do you want to join? Yeah. What was the, what was the test like you said you had to take some type of a test to get into Ner group To me the time and push up 55 time, 55 pushups, push up a three kilometer run. Were there any tactics involved, like room clearance entering a building? Oh, no, no, no. Nothing like that. No. What are these guys getting paid? They, I mean I think it depended, but they usually were getting about $2,000 a month, a month during their time on the contract.


And so this is pretty good money in, in, in Russia for, for guys. So it it, it's definitely a motivating factor. What, what is it developed into? I mean, they're in Africa. Yeah. They're in Ukraine. Yeah. They're in, aren't they doing breweries? They're doing all kinds of stuff. Yeah. What, what all are they involved in? So what what I think is interesting about this story, 'cause Marat will, will tell you, you know, this was very much a state supported entity, but, and, and, and you know, we can ask Marat as well, again, I I also don't think it could have become what it was if it weren't for the ambition of its foundry of Guinea pig as well.


And, and, and so kind of, if we look at what was happening in Ukraine in 2015, a lot of those units that the MOD was supporting after the ceasefire, they just kind of, you know, dispersed, went home, didn't really do much after, but only a few months later, Russia's overtly intervening in Syria. This, there's nothing covert about it, right? It's a full, you know, air campaign with the, the Russian military and, and ProGo and, and and kin are very much also lobbying to make sure that he gets his guys into there because he has now this kind of force at his disposal.


And what he's good at is trying to figure out, okay, I have this, now what do I do with it? And, and, and, and it was at this point where I think he, he saw the black waters of the world and he said, okay, I want to do kind of my version of this. And it, and it so happened that Syria was going to be the next opportunity for him to do so. And so Marat was one of the first guys on the ground in Syria as he'll tell you, they, the MOD didn't really know what to do with 'em. And, and a couple of guys got killed and, and they didn't want casualties right away.


So they panicked and, and sent them home. And it was only until it became clear that Russian air power alone wasn't going to defeat the, the rebels, the rebels against Asad or or Isis, that Wagner was brought back in this time, you know, on the ground where they, they take Palmera, then they get sent home again, and then they get back in and, and Marat will tell you all about the battle of Kham, but it, it, it gets to that point where it's, it's this mix, right? They have state backing, but Pergo is also out there with his guys basically doing business development, right? Okay. If you have, if you have a PMC, where are you gonna market your services?


You have to go to Africa at some point, otherwise you, you should fire your your b and d guy. And, and, and so already in 2017, ProGo is sending his guys out to, to drum up new business. They, they first sign a contract with the, the Sudanese to provide training and, and they get access to mining concessions in Sudan. Then they show up in the Central African Republic where there's really no other kind of competition from other Russians. And so ProGo is able to provide training. He offers his like information warfare.


'cause he has the troll farms, which were kind of fa very famous in the US during the 2016 elections. And his guys go out and they try to start breweries and they go into gold mining and, and, and what have you. They act as Marat was saying, very independently of the Kremlin because the, these places aren't that important to Russia. And so in the places that aren't, aren't important, he has to figure out his own ways to finance Interesting. These, these operations. And so they go from the Central African Republic, they're in Libya back in Haftar in, in his bid to take Tripoli in 2019. Then they show up in Mali where they, they sign a, a deal with the Mian government to, to go after various jihadi groups.


And then ultimately they are initially left out of the full scale invasion of Ukraine in, in February, 2022. And only get brought in when, when the Russian government's in trouble. So these guys are not, they're definitely not just in Russia's best interest. They're doing, they're doing their own thing in all these separate parts of the world. Y yeah, but I think, I think you know, that it's not because people are always asked, you know, is this a private thing or, or a public thing? And the answer is, is both. And I mean, we're in Paris right now, but when I'm sitting in Washington DC I, I try to explain to people like, this is the capital of public private partnerships, right?


Lockheed Martin is a profit driven company. They will frame whatever they're doing as furthering America's national defense and security, but they're also a profit profit driven. And so a lot, what ProGo was very good at was selling back to the Kremlin, this dream of kind of Russia's expansion abroad. Gotcha. And he, and he could sell it back to Putin, the, these different initiatives that were also just happened to be, you know, potentially profitable to him. Interesting. Interesting. Alright, let's, let's move this area.


You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back-to-back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates. Tomorrow.


When I started this podcast, it seemed like I had to figure it out all on my own. It was overwhelming. When you're starting something new, it seems like your to-do list just keeps growing and it can overrun your entire life. Finding the right tool can be such a game changer for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the us From household names to brands just getting started, I use Shopify to power my own business so I can keep bringing you vigilance Elite gummy bears with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build online and is packed with helpful AI tools to accelerate your content creation. And like a marketing team, Shopify can create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are. Shopify is your commerce expert with world-class expertise in everything from managing inventory to international shipping and beyond. If you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify. Turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your one month, $1 per month trial period and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash ss. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss Shopify dot com slash ss.


Spring is here. And while everybody else was hibernating, you were out there crushing your goals and getting after it. Now it's time to upgrade your gear. That's where ROKA comes in. Hit the road or get outside and performance eyewear that actually keeps up. They aren't just some flimsy shades that slide off your face and break. These are built for people with active lifestyles. They're grippy, they're durable, and they hold up no compromises, no cut corners. And ROKA is based in Austin, Texas. They look as good as they perform, which is pretty damn good. Their premium optics cut glare and keep things crystal clear. And the fit is second to none for comfort and longevity need prescription. I wear Rocha offers both sunglasses and eyeglasses so you can ditch the contacts for good. I've been wearing their sunglasses that they sent me, and let me tell you, they deliver, they're comfortable, durable, and fit. Great. I love that they have a style for every occasion. It doesn't matter if I'm at the office or in the gym. Roca's eyewear works wherever I am ready to upgrade your eyewear. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's ROKA dot com.


Alright, Marant, let's go to when you got on the ground in Syria. Feels time in September in 2015. I think P is looking for the opportunity to implement this completely new concept of the using military forces. And he want to demonstrate the ability, compatibility of the mercenaries. And we were delivered to Syria by the dut civilian flight of civilian, the military, Russian military firstly look at, looked at us with the suppress they don't now didn't know or who we are and what we to do here and how they must to treat us.


And we, after we received a weapon, we take, take a part in several, several military action and demonstrated the whole superiority on the superiority over enemy. And of course the whole superiority of the basal army. But I think at that moment, Russian military and Syria military thought that they handle this situation without us.


Russian military thought that if they provided Syrian army with atri support, Syrian army can achieve the victory in this war. But it turned out that Syria army degradated to the point of inability to wage offensive action. And so, like as Marat is saying, when, when Russia first intervenes in Syria, one of the reasons that they're doing it, actually, it's after the annexation of Crimea and they recognize the importance of Syria at that time for the US and, and for the west because this is, if you look, remember 2015, this is when ISIS is really at, its at its height with a territorial cate.


And the US has already intervened, gone back in to, to fight isis. And so the Russians think that if we go in backing Assad, we can kind of force the US into a joint counter-terrorism operation against ISIS that will force them to kind of basically start talking to us again. Okay? And so they come in and they're backing Assad, but as Marats saying, Assad's government, I mean the, the forces that he has are incredibly unmotivated. I mean, for obvious reasons given his, his rule and the rebels, not just Isis, but all the other rebels fighting against them are a lot more motivated.


And the Russians initially wanted it to just be an air campaign. But I mean, as you find out pretty quick, like air, just air campaigns alone rarely worked for anybody. And it was clear that Russian air power with Assad's forces on on the ground were not going to, was not gonna work. They were not gonna take the territory back from, from rebels. And so, but the, they, they, they face an issue at the time, which I think you speak to as well, where they, this is kind of a far away intervention for Russia and they haven't figured out yet if they want to have actual Russian troops on the ground and what Russians will think, the Russian public will think if Russian soldiers are going home in in caskets and, and there's a sense that they're gonna be against this and say why, why are we here in Syria?


And so one of the reasons that Marat and Wagner were able to get back in is that the Russian military didn't have to report casualties for Wagner. And using the Mercers is this war to take an to, to, to could resolve the very, very main, very difficult task.


The thing is, is that Russian generals invented the concept of the war with a little bloodshed and using the mercenaries they can create creative no, some kind of appearances that this concept is working lost of the Ries didn't include in the official statistic.


Okay, that makes sense. So, so correct me if I'm wrong, but the whole point of Russia going into Syria to include Wagner was to build some type of an alliance with the United States. Yeah, it was an effort Against isis, It was an effort because in part there's always a lot of reasons why, why things happen, but the the, the timing of their intervention, because if you remember, you know, Syria started going into civil war right around the time of the Arab Spring. So this is already like five years before that The Russians didn't have any particular love for Assad, despite the fact that there was a Russian base in Syria and kind of some history going back to the Soviet Union.


What what really explains the timing of why they went in was this sense of isolation that they felt after the annexation of Crimea in 2014 and Ukraine. And it was this effort to basically get themselves onto the world stage again in a crisis that they thought was existentially important to the west, which was the, the defeat of isis. Of course also when they show up and they're on the ground, Assad also has different ideas for what he wants the the Russians to do. And Isis is less of a concern to him than a lot of the more secular rebels elsewhere as well.


And that he wants the Russians to go after those guys. Whereas the Russians want to go try and meet up with the Americans as they're closing in on, on Isis as the territorial caliphate is, is kind of crumbling down. Interesting, interesting. Well, let's talk about, let's talk about the battle of Kaan between Wadner and US social forces. So like I'd mentioned, I have, I have friends that were in that battle, it sounds like there was about 500 Wagner group soldiers on the ground. There were 40 US special forces guys along with a couple with, with a Kurdish partner force.


And so let's just start with the beginning. What, what were you doing that close to American forces? Mm. From the very beginning, this factory was very important. This factory enclosed all infrastructure of the oil field nearby, around nearby and progression wanted to cease this factory during the battle for the, but we have no enough resources.


We constantly, we forced to, to attract our forces in order to, in order to achieve a goal, in order to take liberate the zone. Our lives was very sizably acted, very sizably, and we cannot using our forces in order to advance forward.


Hmm. Can I put, can I put like a little bit before where, so like what was like, why did ProGo want to take the, these Conoco facilities and so in, in 2016, Marat and Wagner, they capture palmero from, from isis and, and Marat has, I think some of the medals from that and from that time period that, that they'll show. But after the capture, the Russian military sends Wagner home again. And, and then a few months later, ISIS recaptures it, Palmera and Wagner comes back in.


But this time Pergo has signed a deal. Assad's government. Yeah, yeah. And part of the the deal is, is that Wagner will participate in the Counteroffensive and, and ProGo and, and his companies get a 25% share of the proceeds of the oil and gas assets that are recuperated. And so ProGo has this massive incentive now to go out against ISIS and, and capture as much of those assets as he as he can. And, and so in 2017, Marat and and Wagner are, are back in Syria.


And this is right around the time where Isis is collapsing. The US is back in the, the Kurdish SDF, the SDF is coming from the northeast south. They're heading for the ISIS's capital. Baraka and Wagner and Assad forces are heading north. And at a certain point there's this factory that Marat is talking about called Coco, which is sort of the crown jewel of, of all the assets. It's, it's valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars. And it was at one of ISIS's like most valuable assets for, for fuel smuggling The most rich must profitable Yeah.


Oil field in Syria. Syria. So ProGo wants this and he's sending letters too, letters to the Syrian government saying that they're not upholding their end of the bargain, that he's spending all of this money on the offensive and the Syrians aren't paying him. So he, he sees Conoco as the way to kind of get profit, get profitability, get, get, get out of the red and into the black. The only issue is that as ISIS is collapsing, everyone is thinking what a post ISIS world is going to, is going to look like. So the Kurds with the blessing of of the US start moving away from ROKA and heading south towards their resort.


And there's a rush for who's gonna get this conical plant when ISIS is gone. And the SDF, the, the Kurdish forces backed by special forces get there first and then this is where Gagen Make made a mistake. He thought that he can, he can achieve his goal as a result in negotiation with the orders of the Kurdish tribe.


But at that time function, functional earth of the SPS was in charge of the, of the whole thing. And oldest, the oldest of, of the tribes, they live the current elders. They guarantee they gave a guarantee that Kurdish forces retreat as soon as we started to move forward, but they just died.


How many guys, how many guys did you have gathered to attack Conoco at that time? I think about 502 units carte and thieves assault units and my, my group that consist of Syrian fighters, 75, 75, 75 minutes. This is, this is was only unit of Syrian that took part in this action.


No one else. Only me Russian mercenaries. And this group of Syrian fighters only this I, I had to advance on the left flank and take over to take over two stronghold. We advanced on the start line of attack, but American prevented us, they striked on, on the second echelon headquarter artillery position.


No, the arm, the armory Armory. And then they shift the fire on us. Did you guys fire on them From the sky American uses for at the beginning American uses only aviation Had two specter gunships and two Apaches helicopters. Yeah. Oh, combat, combat drones.


Spooky and combat helicopter. So what, what was, what was going through your head when you knew that? So us special operations initiated the attack. No, no, no. You should what you should you, what you should tell them is start from the, the beginning of the morning because this happened on February 8th, right? Fe February the night, The night of February. Between seven and between seven and eighth February. And, and you were in the room the day before or a couple of days before where Uken he comes in ah, and he says, we're gonna take this from the Americans.


Yeah. And you and someone said, or the American's gonna be there. And he said, yeah. Yes. I don't know why, but precaution decided that American wanted involved and That the Americans would just Fall back. I don the thing is the ion have have a one future. That chapter character, It's like personality trait From time to time. His ego, his ego, ego, ARMRA roast above the common sense May maybe something that, it might be, it might look cool.


And no one has done this before. If we get a piece of paper and Marat can show where the Americans were and how Wagner came over with the, with the arrows and stuff. That way, that way people can get, Yeah, No one's done this before.


With everything that's happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground prices are high and it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder many are relying on credit cards to cover the gaps. Credit card debt is skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. If you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends at American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people just like you are saving $800 a month. Plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. Don't let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American Financing now. It costs you nothing to get started and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss.


Think about everything you've browsed search for or watched. Now imagine all that data being collected and aggregated by data brokers in a permanent public record your record to help keep my data private. When I go online, I turn to Express VPN Data Brokers can easily track you through your device's unique IP address, which also reveals information about your location. With Express VPN, your IP address is hidden. That makes it much more difficult for data brokers to monitor, track, and monetize your private online activity. Express VPN also encrypts 100% of your network traffic to keep your data safe from hackers. When you're on public wifi express VPM works on all your devices, just tap one button to turn it on and you're protected. It's that easy. A lot of folks use Express VPM because it helps them keep their data secure online. And it's especially important for me to stay private when I'm away from home. To me online security is just as important as physical security. Protect your online privacy today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash ss. That's xp, RES pss vpn.com/ss and you can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash ss.


So do you want to show you have the, the river you Fred's, then you wanna show where Connoco is and then where Wagner in the US was, Ah, fra con conica. So can I we we, we, we were completely destroyed. So this is, This is our position. This is your Position. Our position factories is Quantico. Yeah. And this is the Kurds in the US No, No. The KDS in the US are in here in the Quantico facility.


And this is Bonner's two positions right here. They're inside the facility. No, no, no. Facility is around like this. Yeah. And then they go and attack That way. But the US was inside the facility. US Was inside the facility. No. So you, so Wagner initiated an attack. Yes. Initiated It's it's what? Planned action with signs of the false artillery assault from the Kish. And you guys, you knew that us special operations were in the factory. Yes. You know about it. Were you worried? We knew about it.


Don't our chief, our come told us that American wanted involved, But they wouldn't get involved. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. As I already said, I don't know why, but Preor was convinced that American forces wanted involved. Wow. What's this distance? What's the distance here?


How many kilometers Distance between my units and first strong stronghold. About 300 meter, 300 meters. Yeah. That's it. We, we moved very close to this position and we, we, we have already ready to attack, but American prevented us from the any.


But what, you know, what you know too is that what your buddies will, will say who were there is. So the, the other key thing is this is the Euphrates right here. And so during this kind of counter ISIS operation, the Russians and, and, and the Americans are trying to figure out ways that they can deconflict, right? So that no one is actually shooting each other. 'cause there's a lot of, there's a lot of guys running around in, in this, in this area now. And so they, they create this kind of line of deconfliction between us backed forces in Syria and Russian backed forces.


And the line is pretty much the Euphrates River, which is right here. And, and that's established. And, and so, but the issue for ProGo is that the most profitable oil fields are right across on the other side of the deconfliction line. And so Marat and, and Wagner, what they're doing prior to this is they're building up their forces. They're testing a little bit the line of deconfliction probably. Oh, Because they crossed the river and there's this one little spot that is still Russian territory.


And so the Americans are watching this on the drones and, and they're seeing the buildup. They see it all day. And, and eventually they, at, in the evening, they, they start calling the Russians over the deconfliction line that they have between the US and Russian militaries. And they say, are these your guys? And the Russian military says, no, No. They denied. They denied it to they he denied to not Confirm. Yeah, Confirm.


Yeah. What did you initiate the assault with? Ah, I have, well I was supported firstly by the artillery. Artillery. So you were hitting Conoco with artillery. What what they were first Doing Was they were fa they were doing, they were faking artillery training. 'cause they had set themselves up close Mortal. Yeah. Mortars mortal. Yeah. Mortal artillery. Americans very quickly suppressed the activity of the any kind of artillery.


And I left visa alternative support. I have a automa automatic rifle machine gun, automatic grenade launcher address, 17 and some kind. And the two, two machine gun have heavily machine gun. The fifth unit was nothing against the, Well, the fifth unit had tanks. Right? There were two Tanks. No, this tank was on the right side from me.


I saw the tank only at the last time before, before this tank was destroyed. I, I heard the shoot, I heard the sound of shooting. And I come out, out, come out of the position and I saw it aan. And firstly I decided this is good for me. But immediately after I, I glanced on him, she was destroyed by the rocket.


And, and there was absolutely no, and there was a big explosion. And this time was completely destroyed. 'cause What, what was going through your head? When the Americans retaliated To save my life, so safe lives of my people, I cried him, run away from here, run away in any way.


Run away, but, but only small group. Only with a small group. Small groups. Two, three person not, not gathering. Yeah. But You wanted to disperse. But it was in rain. They unfortunately, I will in any way gather together and fall on the fire from the helicopter.


And I lost 23 fighters. Fi 23 fighters was killed. Were You close with them? Lo Were you friends with them? It is, it's, it was very little time to, to become a friendship. I I was appointed on this position two and half week before this event.


23 dead, 28 wounded. Is that correct? In his unit? Only in your unit? Yeah. Mm. I mean, I think the thing that is also kind of important for people to realize is, you know, it's, it's getting towards the evening and, and, and Wagner, they're feigning drills and then they attack, right? And the US is calling and they call three times over the deconfliction line to the Russian Ministry of Defense. And they say, are these your guys? And three times the Ministry of Defense says no. And so as you know, and and your buddies know, that's when the US had the green light to effectively defend themselves against this attack.


And I think it's fair to say that the, the US defended itself in a way that would send a message as well. And I, and the amount of air power that that came in was probably disproportionate to the threat and designed to, to send a message. Because I mean the, the amount of of, I think, I think Americans didn't care of, didn't care of, of the facility or the Russian army didn't care.


They, they, they was ready to, to strike in any case. And they, Yeah, they were very, I I think they absolutely didn't fear to use their, their weapons. Yeah. That's generally the, the sentiment. I mean, these guys are at war. That's what they wanna do. Oh yeah. And they Did it. And you said, I mean there the US brought in like two Apaches, Two Apaches, and two Specter gunships, Two specter, which, and Specter gunship is Russian generals.


Russian Generals was completely confused by this situation. Russian generals didn't have ability, an ability to, to to, to take a responsibility and to make a decision Independently. Independently. And when he encounter with this situation, he, he will, he confused.


Absolutely, Because the question is right. Why did the Russian Ministry of Defense deny that? It it was Russians who, who were attacking. And there, there is an argument, I think to be made like ProGo, his gamble in trying to take Conoco was that when the, when the Americans saw that it was Russians coming, the Americans would want to avoid any direct confrontation World, world War iii. And, and they would back away and retreat along with, with the curse.


And he was incredibly mistaken in, in, in that calculation. And what I think he wasn't counting on, and what Marat is saying is that when the Americans were calling into the Ministry of Defense, you have some poor guy on the line who is also not gonna be responsible for World War iii. And so the the quickest thing that you're gonna do is not say, yeah, those are my guys attacking us soldiers. They're gonna say, don't know anything about it, don't know what you're talking about. And try to go to your higher ups to cover your own butt. And so ultimately it was, you know, it was probably, he probably got ProGo probably had kind of a wink and a nod from the Ministry of Defense that he was gonna try to do this.


And if it worked out, it's a great Russian victory for everybody. Asad, the Russians ProGo. And if it doesn't in the Ministry of Defense's mind, it's just Wagner guys who, who are getting killed. Wow. How long did the battle go on for? How, how long? About six hour, six hours From the, from the midnight to mm. To mo to to morning. About midnight to morning, 8 18, 9 Russian nurseries were killed in this battle.


And 23 Syrian fighters from man, from my union was killed. How many And well, about 200. 200 dead. Two, two units, 200 wounded, two units, 200 wounded, two assault units was completely destroyed. I mean weapon technique and like 300 casualties, All that. The next, on the next day, Russian authority proclaimed that no one Russian suffered in this event.


Wow. No one. And you were responsible for counting the bodies right? And reporting it? No. Yes, of course. Yeah. And I, I must to bring the co the body of the death of the kill of the dead death Syrian in, in the town, in the city we were, was headquarter of my batal battalion. Oh, so you was there for the ceremony of the the burial. Ah, Burial. Yeah, I was, before we get there, what, what, what ended it?


Why did they stop if they didn't kill everybody? What stopped it? After, after I coming back from this battle, I gave an order to send my people to bring body and a weapon on the battlefield brought from this area all, all body and all weapons that we, that was left on this area during the battle. So eventually in the morning, the Ministry of Defense got in touch with the Americans and it was agreed, the Americans agreed to a two hour pause so that the Russians could collect weapons.


Weapons and, and dead. So if the, if the Ministry of Defense of Russia initially denied this three different times, then how do they contact the US to ask to clean up the bodies? They came, they could say that say so in the very beginning. And if they say yes, okay, we, I I will give another to retreat. And they, if if Russian generals to give another to retreat, nothing happened, everything will be fine.


But Russian generals didn't know what to do in this situation. But eventually they, they told the Americans, right, we need to, we need to go collect. Yeah. So eventually they said there might be some Russians there to the Americans. The thing is this, it it has already happened. Yeah. There's no denying it anymore. We, we were destroyed. Yeah, we were, the whole field was covered with the cos and burning burned tank and trucks of our units, everyone who can move, lift this area.


And So there was only bodies left And come to the bank of the river. So there were only bodies left. Yeah. And then the agreement was made that they have two hours to go back to the area, to to, to collect the debt. How does that make you feel now knowing that the Russian military had denied three different times, that it was Russians on the ground and then also told the Russian people that there were no Russians that were killed in that's in that battle?


Firstly, I think the American acted as it a, according to the situation, if I will on their place, I will do the same action. It's a, a rules of war. If you under attack, you must to protect themself and wage and counter attack.


Secondly, I think it was bad think from the side of our chief. It was, but the precaution and Wagner was absolutely wrong in this situation, it's absolutely wrong. But by Wagner he means, yeah, this battle was offensive, was defensive action from the outside.


We was under attack of Kurdish forces. And despite of the have losses, we can stay, we can stay on our place and to protect and protect it, our position. But what surprised me very much that many of our guys that took part in this battle accepted this version.


Wow. Wow. Accepted this version that it's a nonsense. Wow. But this is true. I spoke with some guys and trying to remind him, them that, do you remember we, we are going to assault. No one attacked us. We was, we was in, in, we, we initiated this events.


Only we have responsibility for the circumstances of this battle. I think probably every American that fought that day is gonna watch this. Do you have anything personally to say to them? What, what, what can I say them? They, as I already said, they acted as according to the rulers war, it was our in initiative.


Nothing. So how long after the battle did you leave Syria? One year. One year. But this is when you left Wagner for Radu, right? Yes. When I left Wa Wagner, I start, I joined It only defended or like did security for It was a different, it was a different PMC, but their only job as A PMC was to Secure. Secure, Yeah. Static security. Static security. Exactly. It, It was not for me.


Let's take a quick break. 24 chefs. 24 culinary showdowns for 24 hours straight. Which chef will out cook outpace outlast the competition? No, chef escapes the clock. All new 24 and 24. Last chef standing Sunday night at eight. See it first on Food Network Stream. Next day on Max.


Hey there, travelers, Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs, but wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live with Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound bath or Sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Price Line app today and you can save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off flights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with price line, go to your happy Price price line.


All right, MARAD, so you get back to Russia, how much longer was it until the Ukraine war kicked off After this event the, this war began and, and I left my country. John, what was with the, what was the Mutiny all about? Yeah, so I think, you know, Marat, as he's saying, he, he goes back, he, he finishes his work in Syria, but I mean, after the battle of Kham in which Marat participated, I mean already by this point we were talking about it earlier, Wagner is in Sudan by this point, by around the same time as the Battle of Hasham.


They first started arriving the Central African Republic and then they're go showing up in all sorts of places in Africa, Libya, and Inm. And over there perversion is acting kind of independently like, like we were talking about. But as the battle of Hasham kind of showed, ProGo himself is not always on the same page as the, the Ministry of Defense and, and Minister of Defense. And he's sort of a rock in their shoe. Very often you have to imagine, here's this guy who is kind of technically supposed to with his forces be subordinate, but he also has a mind and ambition of his own.


And he can occasionally get in front of Putin himself. And you can imagine what he's saying about the people that he doesn't like in front of Putin. So, you know, imagine, you know, you're, you're the boss of an employee, but the employee's dad is the CEO, right? I mean, you know that there's another channel that goes up if you try to, you know, if you try to boss them around. And so even though the, the Ministry of Defense and and Wagner are cooperating in, in Africa quite a bit, there's still that interpersonal tension. And so when, when Putin makes a decision to launch the full scale war in, in Ukraine in February, 2022, he gives, you know, the planning of it over to the general staff in, in the Ministry of Defense.


And they want nothing to do with ProGo. And so they're thinking at the time is that this is going to be a quick, easy victory and we can, we can do it kind of in their mind by, by the book without having to use guys like ProGo. And so in, in the initial month or so of the invasion, Wagner is actually left out and ProGo is pissed about it. He's calling up the, the guys in the GRU try, trying to figure out why his guys aren't in it and then trying to get his guys into it. And meanwhile, the, the kind of, the very quick operation to take Kiev does not go as planned.


And the Russian military is suffering setbacks. And so Pergo now has his opportunity to, to get his guys into the war. And you know, the thing about Wagner that I think Marat will tell you too is that in, in the intervening years really since Chechnya and you know, a very brief war with with Georgia. Not a lot of guys in the Russian military have real battle experience, like not a lot of people have been, have been shot at. And so when, when Wagner comes in with its commanders, they start delivering some quick battlefield victories.


And so this puts Pergo all of a sudden in this like great position, he's able to come out of the shadows and he becomes a hero of Russia. He declares himself, oh, he denied it always that he was tied to Wagner group. Now he declares, I was always the founder of Wagner and he's on state television. And as Marat said, this is a guy who already has a big ego, right? And, and, and the way that he always gets around his rivals is by gambling big, like at like at Hasham. And so he starts also promising things that he's going to do, something that the generals would, would never do.


And ultimately what he ends up promising is that he's going to, basically, Wagner is gonna take bmo this kind of middle-sized city from Ukrainian forces. And the way that he's going to do it is he gets exclusive permission for a time to go to all of Russia's prisons and, and recruit prisoners to the front line. And so he shows up and, and he goes himself. I mean, he's al he's, he's a guy who does a lot of things himself. Yes. And he was deprived for the resource of, of the Mobil mobilization. Yeah. He wasn't allowed to have actual soldiers. And so he gets the, the convicts.


And so he shows up at, at, at these Russian penal colonies, and he, they gather all the prisoners into the, the prison yard. And he comes in and his helicopter, and he, he comes in and, and he speaks in front of all of the prisoners, and he says, you know, I have an offer for you. You, you can come and fight for me for, for six months, and if you survive, you're, you're a free man, and your criminal record is expunged. And he tells 'em that my losses are worse than Stalin broad, which, you know, obviously resonates with, with, with Russians.


And ultimately about 50,000 guys sign up. And, and the tactic that ProGo is going to use to take Bach moot is the human, human wave tactic. And so these, these convicts, they get two weeks training, usually I think just inside kind of the, the border with Ukraine and, and around Luhansk. And then after that they're, they're sent to the front and basically they're, they're put in small units and the each small unit go, one unit will go out, attack the Ukrainian position, you know, eight guys might be killed, but two guys get into the trench and they do some damage before getting killed.


And before the Ukrainians have a chance to recover, another unit of convicts is coming through. And so it's a very inefficient way to, to waves war, but it is effective over time. And so It, the thing is that, that main, the main reason for this operation was to attract as many Ukraine forces as, as as possible in order to prevent from the attacks on, on the other Areas.


Areas of the front line. Yeah. And because you Can imagine it's a huge front line now, right? In, in, in Ukraine in the beginning, the first phase of the war on Donbass, you know, it's a, it's a little section of, of the Donbass region now. It's, you know, like a thousand kilometers long maybe or something. And so he's a, he's also engaged with the Ukrainians, and the Ukrainians are sending some of their best guys to defend Bach mode while for the Russian government, they're losing in their mind some of the worst people in society, right. These convicts.


And so, you know, it's like a four to one ratio in terms of losses, but it's something that the, the Russians and, and ProGo are willing to do for the reasons that Marat said. But you know, at this point though, ProGo is like an internet. Like we all know who ProGo is, right? During the Bach mood campaign, he becomes like the face of the war itself. CNN is trying to reach him. The New York Times is trying to reach him for an interview. He's, you know, he's huge back home in Russia. He's like finally everything that he, you know, his ego is matched now by, you know, his his his popularity Yeah. In this term was a Wagner group, completely fal it, his mission in this war, they achieve his, their goals that would stand before him.


Before them, yeah. They attract many, a lot of Ukraine forces and give the opportunity for the Russian army to prepare, to prepare more, mobilizing a reserve and to build the defensive line on the, in the area of the district.


But still, I mean, there's still a lot of enmity between the Minister of Defense, Sergei and, and Prgo. And so at some point, inevitably, especially since Prgo is having all of this success, like Marat mentioned, the Ministry of Defense is going to want to check him. And so the, the first way that they do it is they, they start cutting off ProGo from convict recruitment. So he's, he's promised to Putin, I'm gonna take Bach moot. But his means of doing so now is disappearing. He needs a lot of bodies to take Bach. The Ministry of Defense is cutting him off of those bodies, not because they're against prisoner recruitment, they just start doing it themselves.


But the difference is, and this is always the issue for ProGo, is when he was doing it, he had the permission by like a wink and a nod from the presidential administration. When the Ministry of Defense does it, Russian parliament officially makes it legal for them to recruit from prison. So there's always a way that Pergo can get screwed over in, in whatever he's doing. So he's, he's getting cut off. And so now he starts going public with the Ministry of Defense saying, I'm not getting enough ammunition for, for what we're trying to do. And the, the Ministry of Defense is screwing over Wagner by not giving, by not giving us enough ammunition, ammunition that we need.


And so now this spat starts going very public over social media, and then ultimately, and Ian at this point hate each other's guts. And the Ministry of Defense then, kind of like their final kind of counter attack onion, is they get the Kremlin to agree that all soldiers fighting in Ukraine, on behalf of Russia have to sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense On those who fight on the front line. Those on the line. Yeah. And so for Pergo, you can imagine he's this big guy now in Russia.


He's got thousands and thousands of men ostensibly under his command. And he recognizes that this is making him political too. And so all of a sudden the Ministry of Defense is taking those men out from underneath him. And I think for him, what, what he saw was the writing on the wall. That at the very least, when I no longer have Wagner group, it means that I'm gonna kind of disappear into obscurity, which he wasn't able to do at that point. He couldn't just retire and be quiet. He was incapable of that. But also without those men, he's no longer, he doesn't have political leverage anymore. And it could result in his ultimate demise.


And so he has to figure out a way, how do I convince Putin to choose between me and Chou? Because Putin is, is choosing Chou right now. And so the decision is made that Wagner is gonna turn back from Ukraine into Southern Russia, and, and they're gonna capture and kill the Minister of Defense. Wow. And so on June 23rd, 2023, Wagner crosses back over ProGo claims that, that that ministry of Defense hit them with a rocket attack, which seems to be not the case. That they're false. False, yeah. False attack. But it's the pretext Absolutely false attack.


But the pretext is now that we're gonna go capture, we're gonna go arrest and, and another general garima. And so they, they go back into Russia and they, they take over, they surround and take over the Southern Russian, Russia's Southern military command. And, and they're looking for sou, but Sou has already escaped. And so the generals who were there, they tried to talk Prego down. Yes. Prego sold that the, when he, when he propose to make a choice between that, between him and between Ion will choose, of course, him Putin will choose ProGo.


And he also, he also thinks too, or is hoping in the back of his mind that all of that popularity that he had from being on social media and being on Russian tv on the front lines of Bach moot means that the, the, the soldiers in the Russian military itself are on his side too. And, and, and so he goes and, and they've taken the military command and, and the generals who are there are trying to talk him down, and they're not able to do it. And so Pergo announces that they're gonna have a march for Justice on Moscow. And, and the column of Wagner, the Wagner column turns from Southern Russian military command and starts heading up the highway to Moscow.


And I mean, this is, I mean, I think everybody was glued to their TV screens to see like Wagner, oh, call heading on Moscow. And, and the mayor of Moscow, they started digging up the highway around Moscow to prevent their, you know, their potential arrival. Wagner shoots down, I think a number of helicopters and, and, and planes. About 13 people were killed. But each time, you know, he's, he's getting provision is getting closer and closer to Moscow. And he is also kind of going into empty space. And so now he, he's trying to communicate to, to Putin that all he is trying, all he is trying to do is, is take out his rivals Choi Garima.


If he's not trying to overthrow Putin himself. No, No, no. But the issue is, the closer he's getting to Moscow, the more he could accidentally be unleashing a coup. 'cause it's gonna be such a destabilizing moment. And so at, at, at some point he's trying to say, I'm not overthrowing the government, but now it's getting close to looking like he might overthrow the government if he gets into Moscow. And, and behind the scenes, the president of Belarus, Alexandra Lukashenko is negotiating between Putin's side and ProGo. And, and eventually he, he gets ProGo to, to, to halt the march.


And I think for ProGo himself, he was a little bit relieved because he was realizing that events were going out of his control by, I mean, they were hardly in his control beforehand, but they were as the closer he was getting to Moscow and they got within 150 miles things, things were really starting to, to get out of control. And he backs down. And you could make an argument that the guy who had, you know, an insane risk tolerance, you know, from going af you know, going against Americans in the Battle of Kham and, and, and, you know, risking his neck saying he's gonna take bmo. Like this was perhaps the one moment where he should have doubled down and gone all the way to, to Moscow.


But, but he chose not to and No, Because didn't want to, to take all the power. Yeah. Okay. And I think Preor eventually realized that the, he didn't take into account one simple thing. Putin don't need the Ministry of Defense professional Ministry of the Qua qualifying and the efficiency minister from defense.


He need a close alliance supporter. Yeah. And when, because the Minister of Defense, when Preco Realized, soldier himself. Yeah, no. When Pri Ricon realized that in any case he cannot, to achieve his goal, he gave another to turn around. And that sealed his fate. Ultimately three months Later. As far as a conflict between the Ministry of Defense and Preor, is this conflict was permanent.


The main reason from the moment of the creation, the Bri Briga of me mercenaries brigade, and the, from the moment when ion become a soul curator of this project, this conflict began. Yeah. Yeah. Began. 'cause it works for Food system Too. The main reason of course, money. Yeah. Ion Wagner Group was funded by passing the Ministry of Defense.


And the was deprived from the opportunity to use this money for, to to profit from this flow of the money. Because that's how you make big money in Russia is why It's Coming off of the state budgets. So everything is a battle over the flow of budget, because the more budget that comes your way, the more you can line your own budget. Yes, of course. I precaution was Wagner Group was funded directly from the state budget, passing it all the way by passing.


Yeah. And it went all the way down. And so one of the reasons that, like, one of the ways that people were making money in, in Donbas in 20 14, 20 15 right? Is you're a commander and you tell, you say you tell the Ministry of Defense, oh, I have 200 guys under my command. The Ministry of Defense pays your salaries, but you actually have 150 or 125 guys under your command. So Not the case in the terms Preor pre Don, He was at a bigger level. Some Small, small money.


That's small money laundering though. So was he assassinated? Yes. And Do you think the, I don't know what exactly, who exactly to what exactly was Who was who, who was the actual person who did it? He doesn't know Who is the actual person who did it.


Ion had a many enemies. So you're Saying it could have been anybody, it might not have been the Ministry of Defense or Putin himself. I think a lot of people would put it on the FSB, which is the kind of the Russian successor to the KJB, which handles domestic threats for, for Putin as Of course the, in the decision, The final Decision, final decision. Putin made a final decision. Of course, of course. Putin made the final decision only with his permission. The, that was, that can be happen.


Yeah. But Who came up with the attack plan? Who, who was, who was executives? Yeah. This time will show. So what is Wagner group today? Right now, since Es in my opinion, cease to exist? So everything, everything became subordinate to the Ministry of Defense. Okay. But the thing was is that you kind of, as we were talking about like the relationship between Wagner and the state was also different in each place.


And, and so in Syria, like when Marat was there, you know, they get everything from the Ministry of Defense. They're probably paved through the Ministry of Defense. They're working very closely. They have Russian air power that support, I mean, this is like a ministry of defense operation. When you get to like the Central African Republic, there's not as much support from the Kremlin. Ah. And so some Kind of autonomy, There's a degree of independence. They're opening up breweries. Ministry of Defense doesn't want breweries or they have these gold mines. And so when ProGo is gone, the Ministry of Defense has to figure out how do we take over all of these things?


'cause ProGo wasn't just involved with mercenaries like Marat, he had troll farms, he had like chocolate museums in St. Petersburg. He had mining companies. The main, the main body of this project was not Wagner group. Yeah. Wagner group on the part of this project, magni group, the military group that was u used for the c for the creation of the favorable environment to promote business project Of ProGo.


So like Wagner, what basically Wagner is part of the project. Project Wagner was a way for ProGo to overcome his status as, you know, an excon and try to show his worth to eventually join Putin's inner circle. And he was never really able to do it. But so when he, when he, when he died, the, it was relatively easy for the Ministry of Defense in places like Syria or Libya just to have guys sign new contracts and to take over. But where they were acting independently in like the Central African Republic. Yes. Yes. Central. They, The guys showed up special status. Yeah. The guys, the guy industrial, the guys showed up and they were like, they couldn't understand it.


There's breweries, there's all sorts of things going on. And so the decision is made. If it's not broke, let's not fix it. Let them just kind of keep Doing their thing. The industrial for J Central African Republic, this is, is a resource for benefit Yeah. Of the president of Russian and his inner circle. Yeah. So I think some account numbers got changed in terms of the transfers. Okay. But it's a little bit d difficult to take over. Yeah. 'cause they don't, they don't understand it fully. Yeah. Only the guys who work there but know How it works.


But Buckner group, Buckner group is over. It's over. Well guys, Thank you. Thank you for so much for, for being here today and for sharing all that information. And I just want to ask you one thing. You know, we'd, we'd had a conversation earlier about your feelings on, on the Russian invasion of Ukraine. And now you're here in France seeking asylum. I'm just curious if you have anything to say to Putin, Put Putin Putin on there. Get out, Get out, Get out.


You are enemy for my country. You, you are the main problem for my country and you and his inner circle. Well, Thank you both for being there. Thank you sir. Appreciate it. Yes, Thank you. Former MLB all-star Sean Casey, AKA, the mayor keeps hitting it out of the park.


Take my 30 years of experience, take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures. When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don know I'm fired up. Baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow And listen on your favorite platform.