(0s):
At Sierra Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.

(20s):
24 chefs. 24 culinary Showdowns for 24 hours straight. Which chef will out cook outpace outlast the competition. No, chef Escapes the clock. All new 24 and 24. Last chef standing Sunday night at eight. See it first on Food Network stream. Next day on Max.

(45s):
I went there and got drugged and I thought it was my fault. I was filming in Atlanta. It was this disgusting shoot. Like people were like urinating on each other, spinning on my face in my mouth, stuff like that. I'm just like, what have I become? I was like, I wanna die. I didn't realize that that scene was for the most popular website in America at that time. When I heard the pain in her voice, when she said, why did you do that? Satan said to me, see, you're exactly who you thought you were.

(1m 26s):
Joshua Broom, Welcome to the show, man. Man, So glad to be here. What an honor. I'm pumped to have you. So we got a mutual friend, Victor Marks, huh? Yeah. What a guy. Victor shot me a text this morning and I love hearing from Victor. You never know what you're gonna hear, but you Never know. But it could be a four minute voice memo of just chaos. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm pumped that you know him and, and that's just reinforces you know, your good people to be around if Victor's hanging out with you. So, so once again, Thank you for coming, man. And so we're gonna talk about a little bit of your life story and in insight into the adult film industry.

(2m 12s):
What got you out of it and being a pastor now, so, so, and I'm sure we'll go down a handful of rabbit holes Oh, yeah. You know, throughout the interview, but I'm really curious. You know, it's, I mean, the adult film industry's huge. What's that girl's name? This is the girl that's, she's Like, she slept with a thousand guys in 24 hours or something like that. Yeah. I, and I, and Now like, now it seems like all these other girls are like, trying to top it. You just keep hearing this stuff. Like, there was some other girl, I think it was in Miami, she was shooting a film set or like some kind of a gang bang or something on a balcony and like fell off the balcony to her death.

(2m 54s):
Yeah, I mean, I, I think what we're seeing is, you know, content creation became a legitimized career. And then because we live in an oversexualized culture, and then you, you see the, the, the birth and rise up of OnlyFans, those worlds kind of intermeshed. And it really happened during COD, during COID OnlyFans production, people who were participating in OnlyFans went up by 1600%, 1600%, 1600%. And then porn product porn consumption went up 400%. Wow.

(3m 34s):
And, but, but what you would see is essentially they were using social media like a funnel in that, you know, I've, I've, I've met with many girls who used to be in OnlyFans or girls that worked on the marketing arm of OnlyFans. And the way they would work is, you know, once a girl became popular, once they became, you know, the top 10%, they would grab that girl and they would say, Hey, we're gonna represent you. We're gonna take great care of you. And they would bring them into a studio, and they would shoot all this stock footage and they would say, Hey, we're gonna 10 x you know, you're the way that you're being monetized because we're gonna shoot all this footage, and then we're gonna have, you know, 30 random, you know, guys in a basement in the Philippines or whatever.

(4m 22s):
They're, they're gonna be chatting with the people, so they're gonna have your password. You're not gonna have to be on OnlyFans anymore. We're just gonna shoot all this stock content. And it's like catfishing 2.0 where, you know, you pay per message, per video, per picture. And then you got a guy sitting there pretending to be her, and you're talking with these people and they're saying, you know, whatever in the comments. And they're just plugging playing stuff from stock footage. So once a month they just go and shoot all this footage. Now you got this, you know, this stuff to work with, and you're just plugging and playing. So now they can be talking to 30 people at once, but they're talking to no one at all. And then, you know, they're getting, you know, 75, 80% of that revenue.

(5m 4s):
Damn. So you're not even so to the person that is, you know, addicted to OnlyFans, if you're talking to a popular creator, I can almost guarantee you you're not talking to that person. No kidding. Why do you think, why do you think that, I mean, we're gonna get way more in depth on this stuff later on, but I mean, why, where does this shit end? Yeah, I mean, it's just, it's just, I mean, it's like anything else you see, right? But it's just they're constantly one-upping each other. Like, oh, how, how, you know, how disgusting can I make it? You know? Yeah. A thousand, a thousand dudes in 24 hours.

(5m 45s):
Yeah. I mean, What does that even look like? I mean, how do you even recruit that? Yeah. I mean, unfortunately it's, it is pretty easy. And I, 'cause like I, you know, I was in the porn industry for almost seven years and, you know, when, when girls would do gang bangs, because like guys that were like professionally, like in the industry for the most part, didn't do gang bangs because a director's not paying, you know, top, you know, because you, you, you have a day rate, you have an individual rate that you, you make per day. So you're not paying that per guy. You know, so you're, you're finding anyone off the street that's willing to go get an SED and AIDS test.

(6m 29s):
So you're, you're, you're probably, you might not be paying them at all. So you, you know, and these girls, again, they got all these fans, all you gotta do is post a, a story in the comment saying, Hey, anyone in this vicinity that follows me, do you wanna be part of this? Go get a test, bring the test here, and you get to have sex with me. And it works. You know, it's like where like social media's working like a funnel now where the girls, they, they're supposed to be provocative on TikTok, and in the TikTok it says, go to my ig, and on IG there's a, you know, a, a, a little link in their pledge, and here's my link tree. And all my link tree is my only fans. And it's just a, a big funnel to sell porn.

(7m 12s):
Jeez. What do you, isn't Kanye West getting back into the, not back into, is he getting into it? He just had his girlfriend pretty much naked at whatever award show that was. I don't follow any Of this. Yeah. It's, it's wild being because like, and Kids were around Yeah. It's like little kids looking at this. Yeah. Like, you see, like Kanye go from someone who was having these, like, these like church things. Yeah. Right. And had like pretty decent, like Christian rap come out and then like, really like, go on this like bender. But I would say, man, like the guy experienced significant brokenness in his life, and I think to the person and saying, man, how, how could this person actually know Jesus?

(7m 57s):
I think he liked the idea of Jesus, but for Jesus to invade and to, to, to help you to invade your heart, you have to surrender and submit. And that's not a, that's not a natural thing. Especially to the guy who has, you know, millions upon millions of dollars and everyone around him saying like, you're the guy, you're the guy, you're the guy for you to say, I'm not the guy. And the, the the way to find healing and wholeness is for me to bend my knee to the lordship of Jesus Christ. That's very different than acknowledging that something exists.

(8m 38s):
So I would just say, I think he liked the idea of Jesus, and then he experienced some brokenness and he was trying really hard to, to be okay and he just wasn't, yeah. 'cause he'd just kind of been up, down, up, down, up, down. But I saw like, he, he got kicked off of Twitter. 'cause he just went on this like rampage. He, he posted like porn, like for, you know, two or three hours, like nonstop just posting like hardcore pornography Right after that happened, like right after he showed up to the award show with this, with a girl, is, is it his wife? I don't know. Or who, who, I don't follow any of this stuff. You know, it's like He was, he was married to a Kardashian and they got, you know, it's Like, I, I mean, I don't know what, I don't know exactly what happened, but it's sad.

(9m 22s):
It's sad, Man. Yeah. You know. Well, I got your, I got your whole life's outline right here, but I don't really want to go down the outline. I'm, I, I just, I think this is gonna be a very fascinating conversation. And, and so I just wanna riff. Yeah. And I hope you're okay with that. But, you know, I really want to talk about, you know, in a lot of my interviews we talk about like the effects of war and Sure. And, and, and extreme trauma and how to get over it and what that does and Yeah. The rabbit hole, you know, the downward spiral that sends you on. And I gotta, I just have this feeling that this is gonna be very similar to that.

(10m 3s):
Absolutely. And, and to be honest with you, I've been, I tried to get Jenna Jamison to come on here to talk about this. I've been trying to get her for years, but I think she's got some health stuff going on. But, But yeah, it's just always been a subject that I'm, I've been really interested to dive into. And, and especially like, I don, I don't, are you familiar with like the, the, the effects that it, you know, that it has on kids? Oh, Absolutely. And, and the addictions and all that kind of, I mean, this stuff is like really bad. Yeah. I mean, you, you look at, you know, look at research. Average age of exposure three years ago was 11 is trending towards eight years old now, and eight, eight years old.

(10m 44s):
And, and what's interesting, so 84% of first time exposure to pornography for kids is secondhand exposure. Meaning that they, they weren't looking for it. They were either on an unprotected device and it, it was looking for them because we, this is the world that we live in because of streaming and things like that. Like, you ev everything has porn on it to the extent depend on what your definition of porn would be, and then just, you know, being at, you know, school or someone else's home. And then it was shown to them. But it's crazy, man. Not, not to come out swinging, but I would say probably the most dramatic thing I would share with you is that, so a really good friend of mine, she's a, she, she once was a critical care nurse in Kansas City, Missouri.

(11m 38s):
About six months ago she started a nonprofit, and she's just speaking on this full time, but she started seeing a reoccurring theme. And it was that, so she was an examiner for sexual abuse cases of children. And she was noticing over and over again that two things were happening, that the abuser of the child was between 10 to 14 years old, and it was a sibling. And she was like, well, is, and, and it was a lot of cases like that in Kansas City. And she's like, is there just something weird going on here? And she started asking her peers in different places, her name's Olson.

(12m 20s):
I know where you're going with this. Yeah, I think I know where you're going with this. I interviewed somebody a while ago, or I was talking with somebody and we, we, it was, we were talking about like before the show, we were talking about the sexual exploitation of kids and Yeah. Are you going into, he told me that the, the number one most searched type of porn is incest. Yes. Is that where you're going with this? Yes. Yeah. Well, I mean, just, just the reality that, so in around 60% of the sexual assault cases that happen in children in the United States, the perpetrator is a between 10 to 12, 10 to 14 years old, and b it's a sibling.

(13m 2s):
So that's, it's in the 60% in the us it's higher in Europe, highest in Australia, around 73%. And, and then fastest growing niche of pornography is incestual the step bro, stepsister stuff. And the reality is a hundred percent of the cases, the kids are addicted to porn. They're watching porn, they're developing fantasies, and then they're superimposing these, these fictitious desires. They're imposing them on their sibling. They're tying up their brother and sister and raping them because they've developed an appetite for something that they don't know what to do with. And the porn doesn't, again, like we were talking earlier, this belief that you can consume something and it not have a real impact on your output.

(13m 51s):
Like in in what world? Does that make sense? Man, you can't, like, whatever you ingest, once it metabolizes, there has to be somewhere for it to go. Wow. So it's you the person thinking, you know, porn's harmless, who can it hurt kids? There you go. And, and at a significant rate. Well, we'll get more into that real quick. Let me, everybody starts out with an intro. Joshua Broom. You're a guy who went from a small town, South Carolina to the bright lights of Hollywood chasing the acting dream only to fall into the adult film industry. You became Rocco Reed storing in over 1000 films and raking in over a million dollars as one of the top male performers on the planet.

(14m 37s):
You're a man who hit rock bottom staring down depression and suicidal thoughts until God stepped in. You're a voice behind the Counterfeit Culture podcast and the unmentionable docuseries taking the fight to the very industry. You once ruled, you're now a pastor, a husband, and a father of four. And something else I want to jive into is spiritual warfare. Yeah. As you know, we got a Patreon account, they're top supporters. They've been with us since the beginning when I was doing this in the attic of my house. And, and, and their supports brought us here. And now we're building a new studio. I got a amazing team who you've met.

(15m 17s):
And so one of the things I do is I offer them each and every guest that comes on, they get the opportunity to ask a question. And so this one's from Steven Casey. What would you recommend to parents of children so that they could set up their family's habits to prevent their children from being lured either passively or actively into the environment that caused you so much grief and pain in this hurting others, the porn industry? Yeah, I mean, you, you know this as someone who was in the military, and you know, anyone that's been around athletics, I have to have good self-awareness before I can have discipline.

(15m 58s):
So for, for us as parents, we, we, we can't, we can't believe that we can just protect our kids from the world. You know, the Bible tells us that bad things will happen, you know, that the world is, is is not, you know, a, a a safe place. You can't protect your kids from everything. So I would say you, the way that you protect them is you inform them. So talk about sex in a, in a age appropriate way. That is real, and that is helpful. There's a, there's a book called a Good book, I think it's good book, bad Pictures. And so it's, I think it's been around for about 20 years, but there's a, there's a theme in it that's helpful for even adults.

(16m 44s):
There are bad pictures in the world that you probably will see, But if you see those pictures, that doesn't make you bad. So if you see them, if you're hungry, run to mom and dad scared, run to mom and dad, see something you shouldn't see. Come tell mom and dad so that we can process it with you. Because if you don't create a space to have that conversation, what you don't talk about says something. So I would say that's, that's the biggest problem with porn sex, you know, in the church where it's not talked about in the way that gives people a comfortability of, of talking about it. Because anytime that you would say porn or sex and, and you cringe, you probably have an unhealthy relationship with it.

(17m 30s):
You know? So like, say, Hey, you know, sex is this beautiful thing. This is how you got here, you know, to your son, to your daughter. And, you know, explain it in a way that makes sense. And then also we need to protect ourself from the world. The world is a dangerous place trying to come at us. So bark is a really great piece of technology where you, you know, bark.org is the website, and you get to control everything that your children has access to if they're gonna use any kind of smart technology. And what I love about it is you get a report of everything that they see and everything that they're sent. So if, if you are allowing them to use text messages, emails, things like that, you'll get a notification if someone's, you know, there's bullying, there's any kind of conversation around self-harm, either by them or someone else.

(18m 20s):
Anything pornographic, any key words. And then you can have a healthy conversation where instead of being accusatory of, Hey, I, I know that I saw this, you know, you know that I saw this. So, you know, you know, fess up, you can say, Hey, is there anything that you know was said to you or you saw today that you wanna talk about with me? So I would say that's, that's how we have to navigate that conversation. 'cause what we don't say is not helpful, but it also says something. Yeah. Because, you know, Romans 12, two, either you're being conformed by the world or you're being transformed by the renewing of your mind. So the world is going to teach you, but the, the prince of the heir, the the devil wants to teach you something that's drastically different than what God wants to teach you.

(19m 6s):
Yeah. You know, I mean, with the phone stuff, we were just talking about Ryan Montgomery, my friend before the podcast, and he, he had an interesting quote that made a hell of a lot of sense to me. He said, when you give, when you give your kid a phone, you're not giving your your kid access to the world. You're giving the world access to your kid. And that's resonated with me ever since. And, you know, but you had mentioned, you had mentioned it age appropriate. When, what, what is age appropriate now? I mean, you just mentioned Yeah. Earlier that eight years old Yeah. Is eight year olds. How old are your kids? So my, my kids, so Canon is almost seven, but, so 6, 4, 3 and one.

(19m 47s):
So, I mean, for example, Canon last year when he was still six, he, I, there's this, this apologetics camp that I always speak at, and I teach sexual ethic, and he comes with me because I'm not saying anything that's inappropriate. I'm saying everything that's true. And everything that I'm saying is, is biblically accurate. So he, he's heard me, you know, he's, he sits, you know, up on stage and, you know, he's probably like drawing, you know, paw Patrol or something like that. But he, he's hearing me, he's listening. So I would say it's, it's like there, there's no like line in the sand with kids. Just, you know, pay attention to them and just know your kids.

(20m 30s):
I mean, How do you, how do you bring it up? Yeah. Have You had any one-on-ones yet? Yeah. I mean, you know, just like, you know, just the fact that we've got four kids, like mommy's pregnant, you know, where where is this baby coming from? You know, you know, mommy's parts are different than ours, you know, yet we're, we're, you know, know, she's, she's, you know, outmanned in our house significantly, but they're just asking questions, you know, like, what, you know, what, what, why, why, why do I have something different than mom? You know, what, where do babies come from? Stuff like that. They're just kind naturally inquisitive. So we just tell them the truth, you know? And I think you, but like, you don't, we don't get, you know, over, we don't overexplain ourselves.

(21m 15s):
We just say it, you know? Yeah. Matter of fact. And it is what it is. And I think like when you make, when you make it a bigger deal than it should be, it becomes a big deal, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, I think about this stuff all the time, you know, I got, got little, little ones. Yeah. And, and it just, man, the shit that's out there now, just, it's terrifying. Yeah. And I, I, I can see how it will, I mean, it, it, it can destroy your mind Yeah. In those certain aspects of, in just so many ways.

(21m 53s):
You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating, but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested, qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash ss. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates. Tomorrow.

(23m 3s):
When I started this podcast, it seemed like I had to figure it out all on my own. It was overwhelming. When you're starting something new, it seems like your to-do list just keeps growing and it can overrun your entire life. Finding the right tool can be such a game changer for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the us From household names to brands just getting started. I use Shopify to power my own business, so I can keep bringing you vigilance. Elite gummy bears with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build online and is packed with helpful AI tools to accelerate your content creation. And like a marketing team, Shopify can create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are. Shopify is your commerce expert with world-class expertise in everything from managing inventory to international shipping and beyond. If you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify, turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side. Sign up for your one month, $1 per month trial period and start selling today at Shopify dot com slash ss. Go to Shopify dot com slash ss Shopify dot com slash ss.

(24m 26s):
And Well, well, and another thing, you know, I was sharing with you around like the, the whole incest thing regarding like the niche and pornography and, and all the stuff that's happening with sexual assault. But in addition to that, you know, image-based, like sexual exploitation, you know, that that's a new thing that's on the rise, and especially with young men. But the, the importance of like kids not watching porn is this, there's a, there's a new scam that's on the rise. And I think, like so far this year, this has happened, I think around like 170,000 times it's been documented where a kid was approached by a scammer and it, you know, they have a fictitious profile, looks like a cute girl, and they have an interaction with a guy, and they say, you know, that they, they send them a fake naked picture and they said, you send me one back.

(25m 23s):
And once they send one, got you. Yeah. Okay. I want you to send me $500, or I've, I've hacked your account. I'm gonna send this photo to everyone at your school, all of your family. You got 24 hours. And I, I think around 150 of those kids committed suicide. Wow. 'cause as a teenage boy, you're like, my whole life is ruined. Yeah. Or girl. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. You know, it's, and it's wild because around like, around 90% of those cases are, are guys. But yeah, I mean, it's, it's, it's everywhere. That's why like, it's so important to have those conversations because you, you don't send a naked photo to someone you don't know online unless you've been watching pornography.

(26m 13s):
Like, that's not, you know, a, a rational thought unless your mind has been corrupted and perverted in a way that, and I, you know, maybe there's a, you know, exceptions to this, but for the most part, like that thinking comes from pornography. Yeah. You know, I, I mean, I was talking to somebody else and they were talking about, you know, how this, you know, it starts, it starts with regular, it starts with, I don't know, sports illustrator. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's, and then it's Playboy, and then it's soft core porn, and then it's hardcore porn, and then it's gang bangs, and then it's, you know, it just gets, and then it, it goes into the incest stuff.

(26m 54s):
And it, they were talking about how young, young men, boys get addicted to this. And it just keeps getting, you know, more perverted and more perverted and more perverted. And at the same time, the kids that are the same age, the girls are online and they're getting exploited and they're only talking to older men online because, or they get, they get trapped, like you were just saying. But it's, it's, Hey, do you want this Louis Vuitton bag? Sure. Cool. Send me this. Then they're blackmailed or they're not. And they're only interested in older men because they shoot some pictures or take some videos of themselves for the, the new iPhone, a new purse, whatever the latest fad is.

(27m 41s):
And so that takes the interest away from the boys. So then the boys don't even have anybody to go date. And it's like this fucked up. Yeah. I mean That's, I mean, that's why, I mean, we live, we we're living in a post-Christian United States. I mean, luckily there, there, there's been some, you know, progress in the right direction. I saw Bible cells are up 22%, you know, but for the most part, it's like the world is looking dark and bleak in, in, in some ways. But yeah, it's, it's nuts, man. Yeah. Yeah. Well, everybody gets a gift on the show. Awesome. It, the gummy bears.

(28m 21s):
Thank you so much. Made in the USA no funny business. Very cool. Just candy. Awesome. They're horrible for you, but they taste great. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah, you're welcome. I have something for you. Oh, nice. So I have a copy of my book. Copy of my book and, and what I love to do. So that book, so seven Lies That'll Ruin Your Life. So really it's like, hey, here's seven lies from culture that negatively impacted my life. And then here's Seven Truths from God's Word. They kind of eradicated that lie and gave me a new foundation to stand on. And if, and if you, you know, kinda like a, a a, a progressive overloading like workout plan, if you do, you know, 10 sets of two for 10 weeks, you will get stronger.

(29m 7s):
In the same way, if you apply God's word to your life, your life will change. But man, my life, like just me, me being in this room, you know, what, how, how, you know, like got out a plan, you know? But I would say my life has been made up of people inviting me into places that I don't have any business being into because they saw something in me and people that gave me time that they didn't have. And so this is my friend Jonathan Precludes new book. It says your, it's called Your Story has a Villain. And he just did like a, like a two or three year deep dive into spiritual warfare, grew up Catholic, kinda, you know, threw it by the wayside and kinda lived for the world and, you know, was very successful in the marketplace.

(29m 57s):
And then came to faith later in life. And, you know, he's, he's been part of, you know, some of those college revivals that you've seeing, like baptizing thousands of people at college campuses and stuff. But He was a part of that. Yeah. So he's, he's one of the, he's one of the people that have been part of each event. Him and Jenny Allen, along with Tanya. But yeah, so he's there preaching at every event and baptizing those kids, but very cool. It's wild. But because he poured into this guy Andrew, that poured into me and just kinda a neat discipleship circle. But I wanted to give you that. Thank you. 'cause I love, love giving people, you know, literature that was, it's, it's simple, it's clear.

(30m 41s):
And, you know, it was a, it was, it was game changer for me. But he's somebody that, you know, Proverbs 27, 6 talks about the wounds of a friend. And while, you know, sometimes you need to hear, you know, encouragement, but you know, every once in a while you need a kick in the butt, you know? So, yeah. Thank you. I can't wait to dive in. We've been tracking this guy. Yeah, he's, we've been tracking this guy. Yeah, He's a good, good friend of mine. So he, he lives in Waco, so he pastors a church in Waco, so a little bit north of me in Dallas. Interesting. But phenomenal dude. Phenomenal dude. That's a, he's, he's the, he's the biggest, tallest person that I know that does not play basketball.

(31m 21s):
Right on. Well, I love the spiritual warfare topic. It's fascinating, so we'll Oh yeah. And he's got, you have to ask him about Victor Elsa. I will, I will. Yeah. But, well, let's, so I know you grew up in South Carolina, correct. And I mean, how, how, how old were you when you got into the porn industry? Yeah, if, if I could, if I could take what you said and just back up a little bit. Yeah. I think it so important. So I grew up in South Carolina. Mom got pregnant with me when she was 15. Had me at 16 in a, like, super small town, like, you know, one gas station, one grocery store.

(32m 4s):
And my dad was in that town, but never in my life. And my mom worked at this like flounder and fried chicken, you know, like restaurant and that it had like big glass windows and the windows. I would sit there and I would eat pretty much the same thing. I'd pretty much eat the same thing after school every day. This is when I was earlier. But I would, I would, I would look out that window and it was called, Rogers was called the convenience store, and Rogers is my grandfather. And also, so it, and my father was Roger Dell Jr.

(32m 45s):
And he was Roger Dell Sr. And I saw the convenience store, and I saw the, the green Z 71, like pull up every once in a while. And so I, I, I saw him that be your dad. It was my dad and I, I, I saw him. So he, it was, he was in close enough proximity for me to see him often, but never know him. And I was confronted with, so I was confronted with, you know, over and over again, not being chosen. And, you know, just the way that attachment theory works, you know, neurologically just how we develop an understanding of our emotions. It's like, man, I had this conflict and this chaos that I didn't understand, and the way that I made sense of it, well must be on me.

(33m 31s):
You know, there must be something wrong with me that he's not choosing me. So the best I can do is, is try to overcome. How, how young were you when you started seeing that? I mean, nine, 10. I mean, when I, when I started like, comprehending it. Yeah. But, and it went, It went all the way through. Yeah. My whole life, you know, up until graduated high school, No interaction at all. Just looking at him through a window. Yeah. I mean, I, I I, there was probably like a few times where there was some fumbled awkward attempt for us to have a conversation. He was never, there was never any malice involved, but It was just, it was just strange, you know?

(34m 16s):
And I, and in retrospect at a place now, I, I can have an understanding of, man, you know, what, what stays in the dark grows and, you know, the, to today's the easiest day to apologize for the some, the thing that you did today. You know, tomorrow it's gonna be even harder. And, you know, the next day and the next day and next day, it's just gonna compound over time. Especially if there's shame involved. So I, I don't think he's like, man, I, I don't want to be this kid's dad. Maybe you didn't know what to say. And then so much time passed by it, he just became crippled by it.

(34m 56s):
But either way it impacted me, you know? Yeah. And so then I, I go to college study theater. I was in a fraternity, all the stuff. And I was sharing earlier with someone, one of your team members, I was sharing how my fraternity brother was the one who taught me how to tie a tie for the first time. 'cause our fraternity, we wore, you know, suit and tie on Tuesdays and a pen. And they were like, man, you can't be wearing a clip on, you know, you'll, you'll, you'll get a SmackDown for that. And I was like, man, I don't know how to tie a tie. And I remember my big brother, like teaching me how to tie this like single Windsor tie. And it, you know, stuck with me forever, you know? And just like moments like that, it was, I, it is this like duality of, I'll always be this like, kid that his daddy didn't want, but also like, man, I need guys in my life to teach me something.

(35m 50s):
You know? But, but kinda like with, with that foundation, I believed in my, you know, core of my being is like, man, if I earn enough, if I become enough, if I do enough, maybe I'll feel as if I'm enough. And what I really wanted to hear was, son, I'm proud of you. And because I never heard that, I thought I could earn it from the world. Yeah. And, you know, I was just kinda one of those guys where like, everything I did, I found success in, like, I was a good, I was a good ball player, I was good at acting model. I had a lot of success in modeling.

(36m 31s):
So kind of took that to, to Hollywood. And I was, I had an agent and I was, I was having more success in modeling than acting. But everything was great. I was living in Hollywood, had a great place to stay, had a good friend group, had a great agent, had opportunities. But I just wanna backtrack real quick. I mean, that, I think that affects a lot of people. Oh, Yeah. And you know, with my kids, I've made it a point, I make it a point to make sure I tell my kids I'm proud of 'em every day, multiple times a day. Tell 'em why I am proud of 'em. Not just, Hey, I'm proud of you.

(37m 11s):
I tell 'em why I am proud of 'em. And even if they don't understand, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's in there. Yeah. I think, I think what, what you said is, is so important that that added layer, because it's one thing to say, I'm proud of you, or you did a good job, or, or whatever that might be. But when you make it intentional and explain why I feel like that would be even more meaningful and, and allow them to understand. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, kinda all that foundation led me to that moment of, of, of being in, you know, being in Hollywood and, and, you know, still acting like an idiot, like living like an absolute fool.

(37m 59s):
But, you know, kind of with all that factored in, I saw porn for the first time when I was 13. Never, you know, saw my mom in a healthy relationship. She was married for a very short period of time to someone who was very abusive drug addict. So outside of that, I never saw her in a healthy dynamic. My grandmother and grandfather, they didn't sleep in the same bed. My grandfather was like fishing every day, you know, like bad back or whatever. They didn't share a bed. But I just had no, like, foundation of what is a healthy relationship? What is love? What is intimacy? What is, you know, never had a sex talk saw porn when I was 13.

(38m 41s):
And I thought, man, maybe if I act out what I'll, what I'm seeing in this magazine, maybe I'll feel what I don't. And, you know, that was kind of the, the start of me living a, a very promiscuous lifestyle in addition to that where you, you know, Did you ever, did you ever, did your dad ever come into the picture still to this day? Well, I mean, I have a, I have a really great story about forgiveness because at the, at the end of the day, it's like, I, I, I'd say I love that I get to share. Thank you for asking that. And I, I love that I have the platform that I do today with the maturity that I do.

(39m 24s):
Because when I used to talk about him, when I used to talk about him, I think I did it in a way that I was still a little bit angry with him. But I've, I forgave him. And it was just, it was a big moment for me because, you know, when like, forgiveness is easy or easier when you know that reconciliation is on the other side. But when reconciliation doesn't meet your expectations, are you still willing to forgive?

(40m 4s):
Meaning that, why would I forgive my dad if he's not gonna become my dad and become a grandfather to my kids? Why would I forgive him? Why would I forgive the person that's not gonna change? Why would I forgive the person that did wrong and is not gonna, you know, be sorry for it or pay a price for that. Like, and I understand that God is, you know, a God of justice and, and justice will be served in the end. But we often find ourselves saying, I I want to play God in some way. I want to control the outcome. I want to have some kind of autonomy. And I'll forgive, if Not in the, not in God's economy, not in God's kingdom.

(40m 47s):
We forgive because we've been forgiven. And when you don't forgive the thing that the person who pays the price is you. And for a long time I was dealing with man, I'm like, you know, it was on the other side of me conquering all these other things, like all these addictions and traumas and lust and all this stuff. But I was still wrestling with a little bit of anger issues. And it was because I would, like, in my heart of hearts, I would say, man, the, the, the messed up stuff that people say about me or say about me to my wife, or say about my kids or whatever.

(41m 31s):
There was a little part of me that said, dad, if you would've been there, I wouldn't have done those things and this wouldn't have been happening. So it's kinda your fault. And I had to come to, come to grips with, that's not true. Like, my trauma impacted the way that I saw the world. Yes. But I, I, upon my own volition, I made those decisions. I have free will. So I had to take ownership of my mistakes, and I had to let go of that with him. So, so I see, I speak about him very differently. I speak with him, I speak about him with more empathy today than I have in the past.

(42m 17s):
We don't have the relationship that I wish we did. But Where'd you learn forgiveness from? Victor? Me too. Me too. Really? Yeah. No bullshit. After hearing his story, and he forgave his dad what he did. Yeah. I was like, whoa. And he called me one day and told me I needed to forgive somebody for something They did. That he, that, that, that is a friend of his. And I was like, are you fucking asking me to forgive this asshole? And he's, he's like, yes, I am. And I was like, I was like, man, after what you've been through, it's really hard to say no to you, but I'll figure out how to do it.

(43m 7s):
And you know what I realized, for me at least, forgiveness isn't for the other person. Forgiveness is for yourself because you imprison yourself and that fucking resentment and that anger, and it just never leaves. And every time the, you know, the name comes up, it's like, But if you can, and it's hard. It is hard, man. Yeah. To just let it go. You've, like, you pull yourself outta that prison. And, but I learned that from Victor too, and I tell people that, and I, you know, I don't, I don't know if it resonates or not, but you have to think of that's how, that's how I have to think of it.

(43m 50s):
If I don't forgive this person, it's going to eat me alive. Yeah. And, and it will eat you alive. Yeah. And, and when I was able to do it like it, man, it's like having a 10,000 pound ruck sack lifted off your back. Oh, yeah. But so, so you forgave your dad. Yeah. Did you tell him that? Yeah. How did that go? I mean, it was super emotional. I mean, I, I was, I was so, like, I had made up my mind what I was gonna say before, you know, it got too far. So as soon as I got him on the phone, I, I said it soon, and he apologized.

(44m 33s):
And What did he say? He, he didn't, I, I don't remember much about it, you know, it was more, it wasn't this, like, he's not an emotional guy, you know, it was like, it wasn't like I conjured up in my head, I thought it was gonna be this Yeah. Like grain, this groundbreaking moment where, you know, I thought it was gonna be like, you know, Rocky and Apollo like, you know, dapping up on the beach. But yeah. I mean, What did you say? Do you remember? I said, well, I, I said, I, I'm, I'm sorry that I blamed you for every bad thing that I've ever done, and I've been holding a lot of resentment for you not being there.

(45m 16s):
And I missed you a lot, and I needed you. But the, the frustration that I have in my life and the unforgiveness that I have in my heart, I wouldn't let it go. And he pretty much said me too, you know, said he was sorry for not being there. That was kinda it. And I think, you know, my, my prayer is that my life and the way that I pursue him is healing for him in some way, because I can't imagine what goes on in, in his head and his heart internally.

(45m 57s):
Yeah. That's what I was just gonna say too. Another thing that kind of, it helps me is knowing like, I mean, you have to be able to like, I guess you don't have to, but to put yourself in their shoes and to have to carry the guilt of never being around, had a massive part in how things turned out or how they didn't turn out. Yeah. And I mean it, they're gonna carry that shit for the rest of their life. Yeah.

(46m 37s):
They think about this stuff unless they're a total narcissist. Right. You know, which most people aren't. I mean, that's every day of their life that's haunting them. Yeah. You know, and, and, and That impacts everyone they touch. Yep. Yep.

(46m 53s):
With everything that's happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground prices are high, and it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder many are relying on credit cards to cover the gaps. Credit card debt is skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. If you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends at American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people, just like you are saving $800 a month, plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. Don't let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American Financing now. It costs you nothing to get started, and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. Call 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900, or go to American Financing dot net slash ss.

(47m 56s):
Think about everything you've browsed search for, or watched. Now, imagine all that data being collected and aggregated by data brokers in a permanent public record. Your record to help keep my data private. When I go online, I turn to Express VPN Data Brokers can easily track you through your device's unique IP address, which also reveals information about your location. With Express VPN, your IP address is hidden. That makes it much more difficult for data brokers to monitor, track, and monetize your private online activity. Express VPN also encrypts 100% of your network traffic to keep your data safe from hackers. When you're on public wifi, express, VPN works on all your devices, just tap one button to turn it on and you're protected. It's that easy. A lot of folks use Express VPM because it helps them keep their data secure online. And it's especially important for me to stay private when I'm away from home. To me, online security is just as important as physical security. Protect your online privacy today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash ss. That's X exp, RES svpn.com/ss, and you can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash ss.

(49m 17s):
And we, all right. So back to back to Hollywood. Yeah. Yeah. So kinda all that leading up to me being Hollywood, and I was at this, this bar saddle wrench, so like mechanical bulls and all this stuff. And these three girls walk up to me and they were head hunters for the porn industry, and they worked with a porn agent, and they asked me straight up, like, Hey, would you be interested in being in a porn? And I was like, I Not really, you know, but maybe I didn't have a, I think it's like when you don't have a good reason to say no, sometimes you say yes to something you should say no to, you know?

(50m 5s):
Mm. But they, you know, like, some people ask me like, was, is there a correlation between sex trafficking and the porn industry? And think about trafficking, you know, generally involves force fraud and coercion. And, you know, people ask me, well, you know, is that, does some of that exist in the porn industry? It doesn't exist. It is completely dependent on it. It's manipulation is, you know, a a at the cornerstone of the porn industry, and that the girls were trained to use language where they're in a place where, you know, a lot of people are trying to make it, and they're using, you know, meet with our agent and you'll do an interview and you'll, you know, he'll help you with your career and, and all that stuff.

(50m 59s):
You know, you'll, and it's, it's almost like, you know, when when we say things or when we call things different than what they are, it creates this unrealistic barrier in that, you know, we, we say, we don't wanna say porn, we say adult film industry, yet porn is a word that is from the, the Greek New Testament. So porneia and it's, you know, but we, we wanna say adult film ministry. But when we say that trying not to be abrasive, what are we saying? We we're, we're insinuating that that's adult behavior. That's how adults act. You know? So it's just so interesting that they would use specific language of saying agent this and that.

(51m 43s):
And then they essentially, they were like, Hey, if you want to do this, I'll, you know, you'll meet with our agent. And I was like, you know, I've been watching porn for a long time. I've been acting like an idiot forever. If I get paid for what I'm already doing, like maybe, you know, that would be cool. How Old are you at this point? 22. You're only 22? Yeah. And I Can, I'm being, just being totally honest, if I was 22 and got approached with that, I'd probably would've been, yes. Yeah. You're gonna pay me to bang hot women. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let's do, its, that's pretty much what I heard. And I signed, yeah. And I, and I go and I meet with this guy and, And it's three attractive women.

(52m 25s):
Yes. Three smoking hot girls get The approach. Yeah. And yeah, so I, I'm like, sure, I'll, I'll meet with the guy. You know, like, and I thought, so I, I had, I had like, in my head I'm like, if it's weird, I'll just, you know, hi, if, if I'm, if I go to the place and it's like, you know, at a hostile or at like a, you know, yeah, Yeah. Some sketchy like motel and he's like a guy like picking lin out his belly button, you know, I'm just gonna get outta there. But it was at, you know, a a like a business complex, like in Studio City adjacent to Universal Studios, walk in, you know, they brought me in through like the, like underground, like parking garages, and they're just like, you know, the Bentleys and Beamers everywhere.

(53m 15s):
And I could go up and walk through this hallway and he's got, you know, almost like if you were a sport agent, how you would have all, you know, any players you represent. So there were, you know, anyone that was on the cover of Penthouse, Playboy, hustler, whatever. And I'm walking through and sit there reception. It's like, you know, his, his name is Derrick. And like Derrick will be right with you. And I'm waiting and there's like pouring on the, you know, the coffee table and the, you know, waiting area. And he calls me into his office and sits me down. He's like, so tell me, how did you grow up? What are you doing in LA and what do you hope to accomplish?

(53m 55s):
How did you grow up? I know, but like, in, in retrospect, I didn't think about it, but I was looking for broken homes. Yeah. Well, yeah. I was like, did, did you grow up not having something that I can, that I can use to manipulate you to do what I want so I can extract value from you? A hundred percent yes. That's what he was saying, but I was too naive to hear it. How'd you grow up? Just me and my mom. Perfect. You know, should have been a red, a red flag. It was a green flag for him. What do you know? What do you, you know, what are you doing in la modeling, acting, you know, doing what most people are out here doing, trying to make it, trying to live out my dream, whatever. What year is this? This is 2006.

(54m 36s):
2006. 2006. And, and then he was like, well, what do you hope to accomplish? And I was like, yes, be famous. And what's sad about that is, you know, famous is, you know, objective. It's, it's fictitious. Because, you know, if you think, you know, if, if enough people know, you know, how many people need to know who I am to equate to being famous? Like, how many followers do you need to have? You know, like, what's, what's the mark? And if there's no mark, there's no measure, there's no measure, there's no reality. You know? And if you, if you get to the place that you thought if you would get to that, you would feel some sort of way, and you don't, you just increase the measure.

(55m 24s):
You know, being rich is the same way. It's like, if I had this, I would feel that, you know, over and over again. And we, we know the deal, it doesn't work. But I thought, man, if I become somebody, I will feel like I'm somebody. And again, what I was trying to do is I, I was trying to, you know, stack the scale in my favor enough where this, the kid that didn't have the dad would feel like I was wanted seen, heard, known. And he kinda spoke into all that. He's like, man, he's like, you've got acting experience. The porn industry is shifting. We're parroting all these movies. They're doing big films. Like you can be the lead in all these.

(56m 6s):
You can make a ton of money. Like you can do like, by doing the films, and you can do, you know, marketing with this, I've got deals with clubs in Vegas. They'll bring you out, you'll sit in the VIP and they'll, they'll pay you $10,000 just to be there. You know, like all this stuff. And you know, like my career was going okay, but I was having more success modeling than I was acting. And I really wanted to act. That was my passion. But I, but there was a part of me, again, I, I couldn't shake that. Like, man, I, maybe I'm just not good enough to make it, you know, at 22, you know, your modeling career is, is not peaked out, but, you know, most people have their, their best years modeling, like 16 to 21.

(56m 56s):
Not, that's not definitively true across the board, but you know, a lot of people do. Acting has this big, you know, a lot longer, you know, range. And I just thought, man, I just don't have the capability of being successful because, you know, what was that based on? Well, me, you know, comparing myself on my peers and a lot of people that were in the same network as me, or even had the same agent as me. They were doing, you know, they had booked their first lead role, or they've done this and they've done that, and I hadn't quite done as much as they've done, so I must not be good enough. And I thought, man, maybe this is just a, you know, a counterfeit version of the dream that I have.

(57m 41s):
And I, I should hop on this boat before it leaves because maybe this is good as it's gonna get from me. Did he tell you that as well during the meeting? Did he destroy your dreams of what you wanted to do to get what you wanted? I did that to myself. You Did that to yourself. He threw all this money on on and everything on you, right? Yeah. Right at the get go. Yeah. And I, and I, and I said, okay, well, you know, what, where do we start? And it was so interesting because, so you Were already in before you were in? Yeah, well, at least I was like, well, I'm, I'm, I'll do one, you know, I'll do one. We'll see, you know, and he's like, okay, well you gotta go get a full STD test, an AIDS test.

(58m 25s):
And when that panel comes back, it generally takes 24 hours when that panel comes back, you know, I'll set up a shoot for you. And I was like, you know, great. Sounds good. I'm thinking like, alright, I'm, I'm gonna get paid to like, you know, take a camcorder and go like, hook up with this hot girl. And, and then I'm gonna get a check. I do the test, I go there and it's full-blown, like, like any other, like, you know, the biggest project I've done, you know, I, I walk in as a receptionist and it's so interesting. I, I'd love to, to, to dig into this, come back to it.

(59m 5s):
So they give me paperwork to sign. This is how you get paid. Sign here, sign here, sign here. So so many people, They own the ip. Oh yeah, Yeah. All of it. Yeah, all of it. A hundred percent. It's over. So, so, so many people ask, you know, they just like, especially when they see that I am a Christian and specifically see that I do ministry vocationally, they're like, well, did you give the money back? And are, what are you doing the, with the residuals? What are you doing with the royalties? Royalties and residuals don't exist in porn. You are a day rate employee and you, you give away everything, but not only do you sign away everything, what you're signing, the last thing you sign is it, it's saying that they reserve the right to disperse and to sell to as many third parties for, and, and, you know, a, a forever, you know, time limit.

(1h 0m 1s):
So they, so what happens is you do a porn and all of a sudden my pictures are on dating sites. My pictures are on sex toys, my pictures are on billboards. Am I compensated for any of that? No. You know. But anyway, I sign all that paperwork and I walk in and there's, you know, girls in a, in a makeup chair and you know, like a big, you know, studio. There's catering, there's all this stuff, and then there's this like day bed and there's this like, sea of lights around this girl. And, you know, the, the PA that's with me is like, that's the girl you're gonna be working with. She's taking, you know, some photos.

(1h 0m 43s):
She's taking some photos and we'll need you about 30, 40 minutes. We understand this is your first time. So here's a Viagra. Put it in my hand is like, if you've never taken it before, I'd buy it in half. And I was like, oh my gosh. Like, what, you know, what have I gotten myself into? And I'm like, in the bathroom, like, you know, still, you know, pretty much a kid, you know. And I'm like talking to myself in the mirror like, you know, what are you gonna do? And, and I felt like I'd gone too far to turn back. But again, everything's so intentional. You knew it wasn't the right thing, right? Oh yeah. I mean, I, I'm just waiting on my mom to jump out and like judo chop me in the throat.

(1h 1m 27s):
But, but, but so intentional. I got, I got picked up in a town car. I was not told the address that I was going to. So what did I have to do? If I wanted to leave, I'd have to call the agent and say, Hey, you know, like a kid that went to a sleepover that changed their mind, like, hey, you know, I, I, I, you know, I'm scared I wanna come home. So I, I felt like I couldn't make that call. And I think so many of us will, will do something and we believe the lie that's from Satan, we'll believe the lie that's from Satan, that you've gone too far to turn back. So your only choice is to keep going away.

(1h 2m 9s):
And that's kinda what I did. So I, I popped the whole thing, drank a bottle of water, and walked out there and waited a few minutes. And you know, when you take Viagra, you start to feel like, feel blotchy like in your chest. And, and I was like, I was like, am I gonna pass out? Like what? You know, what's going on? And they kinda waved me over and I never had any kinda interaction with the girl. Like I never, nothing like never talked to her. Like I didn't even know like what her stage name was or real name was. I wasn't sure. 'cause all you do is you, so you sign that. So they have photocopies of her ID and then a printout of her STD and AIDS test.

(1h 2m 57s):
And you have to see that the test is current. So it has to be 27 days or newer. And her ID has to be valid and not expired. So I had to look at that and match the names and I had to sign that I saw it. And that was the only interaction I had with her. Walk over to the, you know, to the scene. And, you know, pretty much the, you know, this is, this is still, this is, you know, somewhat back in the day, so like bigger cameras. So the director in, you know, has this camera and the videographer, vie videographer has this big camera and he's kinda like over my shoulder and the girl is not looking at me, looking at the camera.

(1h 3m 39s):
So it's like, you know, the, the fantasy that you, you, you become to believe when you watch porn is there's this like, intense connection between the girl and the guy is a hundred percent disconnection. No kidding. Well, 'cause the director is telling you what to do and telling you how to do it. And you're not having sex for pleasure, you're having sex for show. So it literally has to show. So you're strategically doing it in a way that is visible. So it's very uncomfortable and you're, it's, it's performance art at best. It's certainly not sex regarding what we would know it to be.

(1h 4m 23s):
So I, that happens and I was like, man, I felt pretty disgusting afterwards. How Long does it take? I mean, you know, it, it just depends on like what's going on, what it is, how Many people are in the room? Probably 20, 20 people. Yeah. It was, it was wild. I mean like, again, like there was, you know, boom mic over my head. Someone literally like holding a C light, like underneath my junk. Holy Shit. You know, camera A, camera B, someone shooting BTS, you know, the most of the girls, they either have, you know, someone that's there with them. They would call them a boyfriend more often than not a pimp that's that's there watching, you know, sometimes.

(1h 5m 11s):
How many women had you slept with before this? Approximately? I mean, probably hundreds. Hundreds of 22 mm. Or May, maybe not a hundred, but probably a hundred Man. And, but I did that and I was like, I felt, man, that was, and I just, I can't, I just always remember it. So on my way home, I'm in this town car going home and it's like, like this. What About afterwards? Hold on. What about afterwards? Is there any interaction with the other, with the woman, with the talent? No. Like as soon as you finish, like you move. 'cause like as soon as you orgasm, like they, they want to take pictures of that.

(1h 5m 53s):
And then you get you just, like, you, you're like, you're done. Like, they Shuffled out. Oh Yeah. And then they wanted to take photos and, and stuff. Yeah. So you're, you're outta there. But I, it was like, it was so interesting. So there was like showers on set, but I remember there, there was like, there was not body wash in the shower. There was just like dial hand soap. And I was just like trying to wash myself with that. And then I'm in the town car and I'm on my way home and it's like, I can still feel the like, lube in the hair on my legs. I just felt gross. And then I got home and I like took this like shower.

(1h 6m 35s):
Have you seen redeeming love? No. It's just, it's a, it's a, it's a, a faith based film. But essentially there's a girl that works in a broth hole. She meets a guy that has a faith, they connect and he's kinda like trying to get has A what? A faith. A faith. Yeah. And you know, he's trying to lead her to the Lord and also like, wanting to be with her, but like for us to be together, like, I want you to follow the Lord. And there's this point where she's, and I can just relate to this so much, where like, there's something inside her that was craving the only thing that she knew, which was chaos.

(1h 7m 19s):
'cause like, you know, he's in a, in a, in a cottage on a farm, now they're eating good food, but that's it. They're on a farm. It's just him and her. This is like, you know, this is pre, you know, television and internet, you know, it's just them. It was like she was going crazy, not experiencing chaos. And she ended up going back to the brothel and she, you know, turned a trick and it, it didn't feel the same. And she felt so dirty and so disgusting. She couldn't believe that she went back to the thing that she wanted to be rescued from. And there's this scene where she's in this like river and she's got a rock and she's scrubbing her body, but what she's trying to scrub off, it's not on a surface level.

(1h 8m 11s):
And man, I've took many of those showers. Damn. And, but I was like, never gonna do it again. It Hit you right off the bat. So, oh, I was, it was gr before it even happened, it hit and I got paid like 500 bucks. And I was like, man, like I've paid 500 bucks to do that. And like, I mean, it, it was not sexy. The girl was not super attractive. There, there was, there was nothing, there was no positive experience. Like, I mean, I, I could make $500 like bartending at a bar in Hollywood. I mean, there's like 500 bucks for that. I'm like, what a mistake that was, you know, I'm out.

(1h 8m 56s):
But, you know, 2006 different world. So that I, I didn't realize that that scene was for the most popular website, the most popular porn website in America at that time. And they, they, they, they shoot like three to five scenes a day and they post every day. So the turnaround was pretty quick. So it was up the next week. What Was the Website? It was like Naughty America or something like that. And it was like, so all of a sudden, like a few of my fraternity brothers and then a few other people, it was like, dude, I, I saw you on this website. I saw you on this website, I saw you on this website. And then, oh shit, you know, you know, being from a small town, the thing about a small town, it only takes one person to know one thing about your life, for everyone to know everything about your life.

(1h 9m 40s):
And someone told my uncle at work, and then my uncle told my mom, and then I get a phone call from my mom. And, you know, growing up in the South, like how much of your name is used is how much trouble you're in. And I heard, you know, when I answered the phone like, Joshua Luke Broom, did you do a porn? You know, did you do a, did you do a porno film? And I was like, I was like, I did mom. And like in that moment, like, Satan just put his foot on my throat. 'cause I already believed there was something wrong with me. But I, I can remember it so clearly because when I heard the pain in her voice, when she said, why did you do that?

(1h 10m 29s):
Satan said to me, see, you're exactly who you thought you were. You're not a kid that does bad things. You are bad. And then I begin to shrink and I begin to believe, man, I hurt the only person that never hurt me. Maybe I'm not even good enough to be her son. And then a few days go by and then my manager calls me normally when they want me to come by the agency to have an in-person meeting, a good thing.

(1h 11m 14s):
It's like, Hey, here's an offer on the table and, you know, let's assess it. Do you wanna accept it? Now your name's attached to a, a pornography website. That's a big problem for us. I think a lot of you. But we're gonna have to end our professional relationship. We're fired. So now I'm like, now what? I blew up my whole life. Ba well, the very first one. So then like, well, what do I do? And then I begin to believe the, the lie that the only thing that I could do as a 22-year-old is continuing to do the very thing that created so much turmoil in my life.

(1h 12m 1s):
Because that was the only viable option. And in perfect timing, agent calls me, porn agent calls me, Hey man, that, that scene went viral. I'd love to offer you a contract. Hold on. What did your mom say after you told her? Yes, She was hurt, disappointed, told me that I probably needed to move back home. Damn. And if I'm honest, I didn't know what to say. I didn't say anything. 'cause I didn't know what to say. You know, I didn't say I was sorry.

(1h 12m 46s):
I just kinda, yeah. You know, I did it. I didn't know what to do, so I didn't say anything. How's your relationship with your mom today? Oh, so good. It is. Yeah. Good. I'm happy to hear that. Yeah. But yeah, I mean that, that the porn agent calls me and like, Hey, you know, I want to sign you to a contract. And so I doubled down. I was like, well, you know, I, I'd found some way to, for the most part, everything that I've done in life I relatively successful at. And I thought, well, I have good work ethic. I I have good communication and people skills, so I feel like I can really figure out this industry.

(1h 13m 30s):
So I, I feel like I can become the guy. And I did, you know, over seven years, I did over a thousand films, won around 20 different awards, directed for some big companies, wrote some movies, starred in, you know, some of the biggest, you know, grossing movies that they've, you know, ever put out like in the porn industry. And because they, they did crazy stuff. Like we, we did, like, we did a Star Wars movie and I played Han Solo. And like, it was thinking you, like, most people just think, oh, well they had sex. It's like, well, it, it was shot over several months.

(1h 14m 10s):
Like, they, they built a replica like Millennial falcon. Like, we had like actual like replicas of like guns and stuff and costumes and grew my hair out and stuff. But, you know, and then as I'm doing that, it's like a little part of me was like, oh, this, this is art in a way, but it's like still, you know, still poured but doubled down and had a lot of success and got nominated for a performer of the year four times. And I didn't win it until 2012, won it in 2012. And I thought, man, if I ever won that award, that would solidify for me, you know, my worth.

(1h 15m 0s):
And if I just won that award, like I had this belief that like something would happen, like something supernatural would just happen, like in me, like the, the feeling of, you know, worthlessness or inadequacy or whatever I, I wrestle with on the pillow at night. It'll just go away if I won that award and then I won it, nothing happened. And when nothing happened, everything got worse.

(1h 15m 30s):
Let's take a quick break. Spring is here. And while everybody else was hibernating, you were out there crushing your goals and getting after it. Now it's time to upgrade your gear. That's where ROKA comes in. Hit the road or get outside and performance eyewear that actually keeps up. They aren't just some flimsy shades that slide off your face and break. These are built for people with active lifestyles. They're grippy, they're durable, and they hold up no compromises, no cut corners. And ROKA is based in Austin, Texas. They look as good as they perform, which is pretty damn good. Their premium optics cut glare and keep things crystal clear. And the fit is second to none for comfort and longevity need prescription eyewear. ROKA offers both sunglasses and eyeglasses so you can ditch the contacts for good. I've been wearing their sunglasses that they send me. And let me tell you, they deliver, they're comfortable, durable, and fit. Great. I love that they have a style for every occasion. It doesn't matter if I'm at the office or in the gym. Roca's Eyewear works wherever I am ready to upgrade your eyewear. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's ROKA dot com.

(1h 16m 53s):
Hey there Travelers, Kaylee Cuco here. Sorry to interrupt your music. Great artist BT Dubs, but wouldn't you rather be there to hear it live? With Priceline, you can get out of your dreams and into your dream concert. They've got millions of travel deals to get you to that festival, gig, rave, sound Bath or Sonic experience you've been dreaming of. Download the Price Line app today and you can Save up to 60% off hotels and up to 50% off lights. So don't just dream about that trip. Book it with Priceline, your Happy price price line.

(1h 17m 28s):
This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove those painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon Pharmacy and Amazon One, medical healthcare just got less painful.

(1h 18m 2s):
Alright, Joshua, we're back from the break. Kind of, we hit your first film and then we breezed through everything else. Yeah, pretty much. But I think we left off with a thousand film thousand plus films. You won the, what was the, you won the award. Male Performer Of the Year. Yeah, Male Performer of the Year. And so I, I mean, it sounds like you got, I mean, just a household name in the industry. Yeah. And so, you know, we want, I really want to get a snapshot of what that lifestyle is like. Yeah. And so a thousand plus films in how many years?

(1h 18m 44s):
Six and a half. Six and a half years. So how much are you on camera performing? Yeah, I mean, you know, I was doing Just every day, Well because like the industry, so the, the award show is in January and everyone's trying to get stuff turned in for the year to submit for that. So to make it, because if something wins an award then, you know, it has notoriety, you can push it, et cetera. So kinda the industry doesn't shut down, but slows down significantly in December and January.

(1h 19m 27s):
So like, so really like 10 month increments. You're, I was doing, you know, 20, 20 scenes a month minimum. And then during the summer sometimes, you know, I was shooting two, three times a day. I do, I think I've done like 40 something in a month was the most I did, but, Well, I mean, what constitutes an award? Well, I mean, you, you know, Is it view counts? What is it? So, I mean, there's used to be on Showtime, you know, it was voted by fans and the studios.

(1h 20m 8s):
Okay, yeah. And then, you know, you had mentioned on the first, on the first shoot, there was no interaction between you and the woman at least verbally. Yeah. And so as you, as you grew in that industry, I mean, there had to be more human interaction other than sexual, inter, Right? Yeah. And so who, who are your, like what's the lifestyle? Who are your friends? What do you do? I mean, what is, what is it like? Yeah, I mean, for the most part, like you were friends with, and if you dated, you dated from inside the, the pool of the people who are in that industry.

(1h 20m 53s):
Like your friend group wasn't exclusive to people who were just in that industry, but dating it would be really hard to, maybe not in today's age, but it, it was hard to kind of say, what do you, you know, you're, you're meeting someone, you know, at the gym or, or wherever you might meet someone and you know, get to talking about what you do for a living. And it's like, well, a porn star, you know, that's probably not gonna be someone you, you know, see yourself compatible with. Maybe for a fling but not a relationship, you know, so people would date from within the industry.

(1h 21m 41s):
And that I think was a large part of my mental and emotional demise in that I was dating someone for a while in the industry for almost two years. And she was already popular, became even more popular. Who was it? Like her Asa Akira is her, you know her name. So she was, she's like the face of PornHub now. She's a spokesperson for PornHub. She's, you know, gone viral for multiple things.

(1h 22m 22s):
Like crazy things she said. But, but she was, you know, she was my person at that time. And but the, do you guys still Interact? No. No. I mean, I haven't, I haven't spoke to her, you know, since like, well over 10 years. But the, the thing was, you know, if, if all of my friends are in that industry and my, you know, girlfriend is in that industry, you, you, you live in this suppression of reality. And that we would say that we were in a monogamous relationship while having sex with other people.

(1h 23m 6s):
Just calling the work in which we did, you know, or calling, you know, us having sex with other people at work. We would just call that work. It wasn't sex, it was just work. So they didn't count. And we suppressed that as reality. But what we claimed is reality is that we were in a monogamous relationship because off camera and on camera were two different realities. But then you're faced with, I'm sitting at, you know, Mastros and Beverly Hills with a friend of mine and he's there with his, his girlfriend and my friend had had sex with my girlfriend on Monday and I had sex with his girlfriend that day.

(1h 23m 55s):
And we're pretending as if that's not real and it's not problematic to the atmosphere. And when you suppress reality, chaos is a promise. Is it an outward appearance or is, I mean, is it always in your head? I don't think so. Or do you actually, do you actually trick your mind into Oh yeah. I mean, I was in a place where, I mean, I could have sex, you know, and, and I would, I would do them. It's like I would have sex in a, in a theater in front of hundreds of thousands of people, and especially in Europe, and not think twice about it. Wait, what? Yeah, They would have live sex shows used to be a thing like, now you know how people are hundreds Taking hundreds of thousands of people.

(1h 24m 40s):
Yeah. Or you know how now it's become popular to take your podcast on the road? Yeah. To have that live element. Well, instead of watching a porn, you know, on a screen, you would watch it happen live. That that was a thing for a while. But that I could do that drop of the hat, like, no, no problem at all. Like, you know, not face me, but you look me in the eye and shake my hand, tears would stream down my face. 'cause that was real, it was terrifying. I Geez. Like that's how much I had suppressed reality. When's the first time you did it live in front of a, in front of a live audience?

(1h 25m 24s):
I think it was in probably two years in, but it was either in Vegas or was one of the first times. And then like, stuff like that happens a lot. Like in Europe or like Barcelona, just a do You remember the first time? I don't, no. Everything just became so, like, there was no interaction that was more special than the others. The only thing that like, like I have like real memories around is like the roles I played where there was like significant, you know, there was a, a script to learn, a, a character to play things that were outside of, you know, the, the, the sex aspect.

(1h 26m 16s):
Because in a porn, you know, 'cause like Star Wars, we, we filmed, you know, over three or four months, there's five sex scenes, you know, which takes, you know, a few hours to film. So like, there was a lot of the movie that wasn't sex. So I just like that, like that whole thing, that whole experience was very memorable to me. But yeah, I mean the, the sex, it just, the sex and the people, it just, So everybody had convinced themselves that, you know, that was in a mono monogamous relationship inside that, that industry that everybody had convinced themselves mentally that this is onscreen doesn't matter, Or, or This is offscreen, this is Real.

(1h 27m 5s):
Or even Yeah. Or either that or the polar opposite of like, they're all in and they're swingers 24 7 and like sex is just, you know, sex and, and high fiving someone is all the same. Let's just have a party, have fun. You know? 'cause some people, like some people could like work as a director and someone would be having sex with their, you know, significant other and they would just film it and it would just be whatever, or Wow. You know? And I just, for me, like again, single parent, you know, like my mom was young, she's a beautiful woman.

(1h 27m 50s):
Like, I remember like throwing cans of like corn, like at a guy, like, like trying to talk to my mom, like, get away from my mom. I'm gonna protect my mom. So like jealous kid turned in a jealous boyfriend, which turned into, even though I was in that industry, I was, I like, that was my girl. I didn't want anyone to touch her. Which, which is how I felt. But I had to suppress that feeling because of what I said. And I think that would, you know, bring up an interesting point where people say, you know, I love what I do. Well if you love what you do, let's let's, you know, go back to that moment where I said yes to being in the porn industry.

(1h 28m 31s):
Well, I'm gonna make, I'm gonna make you famous. Okay, Derek, you're gonna make me famous. What, what's, what's the first thing I do? What's next? You know? Okay, well we gotta pick you a name to go by. Sorry, I gotta pick, pick you a name to go by. You go by pseudonym. Because if I can get you to detach yourself from who you are, you will do things that are outside of, and different than things that you would ever do. Like you think about social media, you know, the, the, the antagonist on the other side that's, you know, talking trash to everyone online.

(1h 29m 16s):
What are two things that are always common of that person? They have an obscure username and they have, you know, a meme or a random photo as their photo. Because if I can detach who I am from what I do, then I'm not held accountable for what I do. So it's not me doing the things in the porn industry, very same things. I'm gonna get you to go by a pseudonym because I can get you to detach yourself from your humanity. That's interesting. So that was, that was the first thing I did. So kind of, you know, with with that, you know, that thought like in our mind, you know, who I am, it began to matter less and less.

(1h 30m 1s):
So Is there drugs and alcohol? Is there a lot of that involved? I mean, it's, it's interesting. It's, it's really interesting because like drugs and alcohol on set, like there was some of that before me. Like there was, you know, there, there was always like times where if it was like, if it was like a live shoot, kinda like everything's kind out the window. There's no rules, you know? But for the most part, What do you mean a live shoot?

(1h 30m 41s):
What's like what I was live shoot, like a live show. Like a Live Show. Oh, okay. Yeah. Where it's like we're filming something happening live and it's streaming or someone's watching. So we're, we're not creating, you know, a curated and, you know, crafted and edited product. Like if, if we're, if we're creating that, then they want a more controlled environment. So if you showed up to set drunk or high, you would get sent home. Because more often than not, like in la like you would have to get a permit to film puller. And a lot of times, you know, they would come by and check for your permit. And when they would check for the permit, they're, you know, trying to get a peak.

(1h 31m 24s):
But I, I didn't see a lot of like that onset. But is it part of the industry? A hundred percent. But it's more so to deal with the consequence of what you did in contrast of being able to do what you did. You know, they, people aren't getting drunk and high onset to do the scene. They're getting drunk and high because they did the scene. Interesting. And then once addiction sets in, they, you know, those things start to bleed into each other. I mean, there were certainly, like, there were certainly like times where people came to set drunk high, you know, all the things.

(1h 32m 8s):
I mean, I've seen it all. I mean, part, part of the reason that I'm so passionate about talking about it is I, as of today, over 40 people have committed suicide or died of overdose. Every roommate I've ever had except one dead. And, and these are people not just like total in the industry. Like these are people I knew personally, like friends of mine, you know, people we had meals with, like traveled places together, like people I knew. And when they would die, the porn industry would make a compilation film of, you know, their best ofs why to monetize on the thing in which caused their demise.

(1h 32m 54s):
Jeez. Geez. Wow. Was there, what should I be asking you? Yeah, I mean About the industry. I mean just the, just just paint a picture of how like fictitious it is. I mean, like the girls are using numbing cream. The girl, the, all the guys are using erectile dysfunction medication. You know, there were some directors that would require you to, to use caver jack. So caver jack is, you know, for paraplegic, you know, people where, you know, you would in inject something into the cavern of your penis and whoa, you know, you would have an erection for, you know, three or four hours.

(1h 33m 43s):
It doesn't matter if you're reading the newspaper or, you know, whatever. And then the danger is if you use too much, then you've, you've got to go to the hospital to get lad because it's not gonna subside. You know, or you use it for long enough, then you become dependent on it. I mean, was sex even enjoyable? No. You know, like real, like real sex with your, with your, whoever you're in a monogamous relationship with. Yeah. I mean, is that how, how do I mean? Well, I mean, for the mo like for the most part, like even if you did that, you would like, because I worked so much, I would like not finish.

(1h 34m 26s):
'cause I was like, you know, you'd, you'd, you'd wanna save your orgasm, you know, because the, the quantity was important because if that wasn't there and they couldn't capture what they needed, then, you know, they would be upset about that. Holy shit. Yeah. So when you had sex, it was like, yeah, not that often. Not unless you had a, you know, big break and you went on a vacation or something like that. Wow. It was like, you know, it was, it was almost like, you know, if, if you worked at Krispy Kreme and you love donuts, like the, the last thing that you would want to do is eat donuts, you know?

(1h 35m 9s):
But yeah, and I think like, just like the, like when, so the, the, the agent that I had when the agent that I had, when, when girls would come into the industry, they'd ask them their no list, right? So things you don't wanna do, you know, anal stuff like that. Like what, what do you not wanna do? So it is on your no list. And then, you know, if a director would ask, well, you know, does this girl do this? No, it's on the no list. But the way that worked was like in the industry, your no doesn't really mean no, it means how much number.

(1h 35m 55s):
Yeah. So the way that, that the important agents would work is there would be things that girls wouldn't do. And after, after a period of time they, if their popularity would start to subside, you know, they're not getting as many requests, they would go to a few studios and say, Hey, how much would you pay for such and such to do anal? Like, you know, 15 K, 20 K, 30 K, 30 k, okay. Highest bidder. Then he would go back to the girl. It's like, hey, outta nowhere, this studio just said that they would give you $30,000 if you would be willing to do anal.

(1h 36m 36s):
And I know you said you didn't wanna do it, but you know, you're not getting as any, your request as you had been in the past. And you know, you do that, you know, they'll make a big deal of it. You'll become relevant again. And then your career's just gonna start to, you know, skyrocket. She does it. But what happens, what she did, what she never wanted to do, and she did one time becomes something that she does all the time. Because once she does it, it lose, its, you know, it's whatever. And they would just do that with girls over and over and over again. At the same time, they would convince them to do escorting. And it's like, you know, they would spend weekends or go on trips, you know, with guys.

(1h 37m 16s):
And it's like, well, you know, there's a check and there's a test. As long as there's a check and a test, it's all the same. Is the way they would present it to them or making, or or making the client get, you know, the same STD and AIDS panel so they're clean and you're getting paid. So they just convinced them that, you know, so they were, that, you know, they were trafficking them. Wow. Because it was, it wasn't on like a public site. It was, you know, it wasn't quite on the dark web, but it wasn't far from it or not, you know, this, like, that guy Derek, like, he ended up, you know, serving time for sex trafficking.

(1h 37m 59s):
'cause he was ex, he was extorting girls. He would bring girls in from different countries, get them fake IDs, have them paid in cash, living in his own house, charging them rent to pay their house, taking some of their money that they were getting paid as their agent and you know, their landlord and making the, the, the, the, the people who paid them paid them in cash. So he would take the money and he decided how much they got. Shit, I'm gonna go to some, I'm gonna go somewhere pretty dark. So I, I, ooh.

(1h 38m 42s):
So with, with guys, you know, they would ask, do you wanna do like VIP parties? Do you wanna like bartend or whatever, like you would bartend shirtless and you'd make, you know, 10, 20,000 bucks. And I would do stuff like that sometimes. And it was almost like, you know, you, it's kinda what we're talking about. Like how do you, how do you ever get to, you know, this place? Like how do you go from here to here? Like how do you go from, you know, me personally, the first magazine that I ever saw that like, created a sexual thought in my head. It was like, it was, I think it was like Mac, no, like gq, like, or the, I dunno, like swimsuit version of like Maxim or something like that.

(1h 39m 28s):
But it was just like a see through bathing suit. Like how did I go from there to like watching hardcore porn, you know? So doing porn, getting paid for sex, then doing these bargainings bartending stuff. And then there was a high profile company in the fashion industry that would have these parties and they would bring out guys and girls to do these parties. And you know, the girls would walk around naked, guys would work, walk around, you know, in boxers, whatever, serve everyone drinks.

(1h 40m 10s):
And I went there, it was in Paris. And I mean, long story short, I, I went there and got drugged and raped By the owner of a very well known fashioned, well used to be the CEO of a very well known fashion organization. And when that happened to me, I thought it was my fault. This is what I signed up for, you know, this is, this is who I am.

(1h 40m 51s):
And then I started like, trying to sabotage. I was like, towards the end of my career. So I was like, started trying to sabotage myself and Started making a pretty clear plan to take my life. And I kinda looked up like I had this pretty strong pain medication and I like how many pills would do the trick. Okay, well take that number, maybe add two more. And I put them on the counter and I'd separate them. And it's like, I took, you know, old school vitamins, so I should take like the, like vita pack, like a animal pack or whatever.

(1h 41m 33s):
I take like 40 vitamins at once. So I'm like, I knew like I could take a lot of pills at once, so I separated them so I could make sure I, I would get them down, swallow them, I wouldn't chicken out. And I set them up like that time, after time after time, I just could never do it. And then this one day I was filming in Atlanta and it was like, it was just like a, it was a disgusting shoot. Like people were like urinating on each other, like spinning on, on my face in my mouth, stuff like that. And I'm just like, what have I become?

(1h 42m 22s):
I was like, I wanna die. Can't undo what I've done. Got, you know, more money than I thought I would ever see, you know, growing up food stamps, trailer government housing, like got a nice, you know, brightling collection and nice home, do all the stuff. But I'm miserable and this is what I've made in my life. There's no hope. There's no hope, there's no way out.

(1h 43m 3s):
But I needed someone to agree with me. So I got paid from that scene. And the directors on the memo of the checks, they would always write something grotesque. Like if the title of the movie wasn't sexually explicit enough, they would write something, being antagonistic, knowing that you're gonna have to give that check to someone. And I, I normally wouldn't do that. I would just ATM Dropbox, you know, anything other than hand it to a person. But on this day, that was gonna be my formula.

(1h 43m 45s):
I put the water on the counter, I lined up the pills. The wachovia that I banked at was across the street from the place that I lived. And I walked over there, had the check, waited in line, handed the check to the teller, and I waited, What did it say on the check? It's like some gang bang or like something like that. And I, I wanted that person to, you know, some look of disgust, best case scenario to say like, you know, how sick are you?

(1h 44m 29s):
Or, or something. She said, nothing, you know, deposited the check, handed me the receipt, you know, I got tears streaming down my face, a pale like, you know, shaking. And I defeated 'cause I didn't get what I wanted and I didn't know what to do. And then I look up and she had walked around the counter and she put her hand on my shoulder and she said, Joshua, are you okay, Joshua, can I get you some help? And Sean, that was the first time I had heard my real name in 18 months.

(1h 45m 12s):
Wow. And it just like, it just like woke me up and I beelined it to my place and I called my mom and I hadn't, you know, my mom had been calling and texting me, didn't respond. I thought, you know, I, she's just reaching out to me 'cause she feels like she has to, but I've lost the right of being her son. I've disqualified myself. I think it was my pride shame. But I called her and when she answered the phone, she lit me up.

(1h 45m 54s):
She, you know, good southern mama, she cussed me out, you know, for, because she was worried about me. But then she said everything that I didn't think she would, he said, I'd, oh, I will always love you and you'll always be my son and you're so much better than the way you're living. Please come home. So right then and there I called everybody I needed to call. I quit. I quit, I quit. And I sublease my place pretty quickly and left LA And, but like when I, when I left, I didn't think I could change and I didn't have any kinda, it wasn't any kinda spiritual awakening, but I do think that was the Holy Spirit in that bank.

(1h 46m 44s):
But very quickly I thought, okay, you know, what, what do I have? What do I have that I can use? Okay, well, you know, I'd been doing CrossFit for a while. I got a level one certification. Maybe I can coach CrossFit. I got a exercise science background a little bit, strength conditioning, you know, understand that maybe I can get into that. And then I did, you know, the formula that I knew that worked, find a good mentor, get, you know, double down, work really hard, get some credentials, you know, build, build a kingdom for myself. And you know, I was working with this guy Jason Davidson, he was the strength conditioning coach for the Carolina Hurricanes.

(1h 47m 29s):
He was leading the Thor program at Fort Bragg. Plugged me into some right circles, vouched for me. And all of a sudden, you know, I had, you know what, what I like to say is I, I put enough good dirt on my bad dirt, so I didn't look dirty. 'cause I couldn't change. I didn't believe I could. But what I thought I could do is I, I could manage people's, you know, perception of me. And if I did enough good, it would outweigh the bad. That was impossible for me to run from. And I spent about two years doing that. I mean, when you were, before you left the industry, I mean, was it a buildup of misery or was it literally that one scene or that one shoot, or was that one shoot the last straw?

(1h 48m 21s):
That, that one shoot, that that last shoot was the last straw. But it was, you know, the relationship. So that relationship got more toxic. It went from us being at dinner where we had sex with the other person across the, you know, table to her wanting to talk about stuff that was happening on set, like, you know, in our home. And I was, it was interesting because I was like, man, I need to man up. This shouldn't bother me. But it does. And I, I think, you know, we look at men in today's society, it's like, you know, we're struggling with a mental health crisis because we pretend like we're okay when we're not.

(1h 49m 10s):
And the inevitable fact of pretending like you're okay when you're not, the thing that's not okay is not gonna get better, is gonna get worse. So I allowed that to be part of our relationship or her to tell me stuff that she was doing with other people and pretending like that was arousing to me. And I think again, just like further and further compromising like myself as an individual and suppressing reality led to combustion, you know, internally.

(1h 50m 3s):
Yeah. You're trying to convince yourself to change what you know is right and wrong. Yeah, I mean, again, like the, the jealous kid, you know, in the grocery store is still the jealous kid that I, I don't want anyone to look at my girlfriend now I'm saying that I'm okay with people having sex with her. But yeah, so I mean that, that progression and just the reality of like, me having sex with as many people as I did, and it just becoming the most arbitrary thing in the world is incredibly dangerous for your mental and emotional health for me to walk into, you know, a a light, you know, this studio and a girl to be sitting there and for me not to talk to her or anything.

(1h 51m 6s):
And I just walk up to her and start having sex with her and then there's a bunch of cameras around and I'm doing it for these cameras and then I orgasm and then leave. And that's my job. That's what I do for my career. That's what I do, you know, four or five days a week. And I do that for, you know, short of a decade. Like that's, I mean, that's going to damage you significantly. Was there any talk within the industry on your way out about, or just anytime at all in there about when, when I things that other people were struggling with or? Oh yeah. I mean there was, there was, yeah.

(1h 51m 47s):
I mean, suicide is rampant in the suicide and over, like, people are dying of overdose probably five, I think last time I looked around 500 people have died of overdose suicide and murder over the last 20, 25 years. And murder. Because if you believe little of your, you know, if you believe little of yourself, you're gonna end up in a relationship where that person thinks little of you and there's abuse. And that abuse turns into, you know, you losing your life. And like the amount that happening, it's documented is pretty astronomical. And then just, I mean, you know, we were talking about, not to change the topic, but we were talking about guardian angels.

(1h 52m 34s):
It's like, man, there was HIV outbreaks like in the industry, you know, there, like there were people I had unprotected sex with that had HIV that they died. There were, there was an HIV outbreak that was big enough in the industry that it shut down for, you know, not, not a long time, but around two months. I, yeah, I mean, Well, were there ever any open discussions about it? I mean, did, did you have any, any friends in the industry where you would have these like talks with about leaving or about things that were affecting you or anything like that?

(1h 53m 19s):
Or was everybody wearing a mask? Yeah, I mean, I call it a first date mask. You know, where you don't know who you are, but you pretend to be whoever you think the person across from you wants you to be so that you can, you know, appease them or so that they would like you. 'cause you don't really know because who you are or you believe who you are doesn't have any value. But I would say there's this, like, there's this, generally across the board there was this belief that, you know, doing something outside of the industry, the longer that you stayed in the industry was impossible. So the, the only, like the best possible outcome is that you have a good longstanding career in the industry.

(1h 54m 9s):
And then one of the studios that you worked for a lot, you get hired on as a director and then you work as a director. You know, that, that was the, the next hopeful progression because not being in the porn industry wasn't an option because being in the porn industry meant you couldn't do anything else. At least that's what I wanted you to believe. I mean, for example, Cagney Lynn Carter, she was a, a great friend of mine. She got in a little bit after me, stayed in much longer than me, much later than, than me.

(1h 54m 55s):
And I think it was last year, she had left the industry, opened a dance studio, she was like a, a ballet dancer, like in her teens, something she, she still was passionate about and she opened up a place, but everyone around her was like, you can do whatever you want. You can say that your name is whatever, but I know who you are. You'll, you'll never escape from from that.

(1h 55m 38s):
You'll always be that person. And she tried really hard. And it is so sad, bro, because She, she took her life and the day that she took her life, she posted a photo of herself on the beach saying, I'm free. But what, But what's true is she was in prison. Like you, like I wanted to leave the industry, I wanted to do something else. But you begin to believe that you can't, and it's not something you do, it's who you are.

(1h 56m 30s):
And if the only thing in which you can do is to sell yourself for sex, then your no loses its ion, you know, it, it it loses its validity. Your no loses its validity. Because if the only thing that you can say yes to is selling yourself for sex, then you can't say no to anything. So you say yes to everything. And it's just so sad, man. Yeah, I mean, just to think it, you know, I, I was sharing with someone, you know, there's, you know, 40, 40 of my friends suicide overdose, those porns are still there.

(1h 57m 20s):
You know, it's like, man, it, if I could encourage someone that's watching that now, it's like, man, You know, the, there's this, like, there's all these things that are true. While you don't know if there was force fraud or coercion, you know, regarding the scene that you're watching, you don't know how old that person is. Like you don't know if they gave consent. And, and then in, in this situation, what I'm saying is you don't know if the thing in which they did caused them so much pain and hurt that it led to their death and your partaking in the thing in which caused their demise.

(1h 58m 3s):
And you're, and you're extracting pleasure from it, and that person is dead because of what they did. And it's, and they're, they're still making money off of it. I mean, it's crazy. I mean, past, you know, you know, you know, right, right before November 4th, last big push from the Harris WA campaign, they ran ads on PornHub in seven different states. Why 120 million viewers a day? And they, they ran a, an ad saying it, it was, it was someone that, you know, a character that somewhat resembled Trump walking in.

(1h 58m 47s):
And, and this it was so gross. It was so gross. There was this guy masturbating underneath a blanket and he was looking at his phone and someone that looks like Trump comes in and takes the phone away and says, if you don't want to lose your right to watch porn, you better vote in the same way that you want, you know, to consume that. Are you shitting me? No. Seven states ran those ads. What states? I'm not sure. Geez. I mean, I I would assume very left states, but we're about to get to a point in the story.

(1h 59m 27s):
That's pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, man, they really trap you. Oh yeah. Had you known anybody that had made it out? I know one girl. I don't know one guy. Well, I know guys that have made it out. I don't know who guys who are whole and healthy. For example, a good friend of mine, his name's Greg, his poor name was Randy Spears. He, he even had, you know, a character on family guy.

(2h 0m 7s):
And he, he lives in San Antonio and he still goes by Randy Spears, you know, he's got a normal job, you know, he is not in the point of industry anymore. He's about, you know, 10 years older than me. But, you know, I talked to him and it's like, you know, he called me Rocco. Like when he called, I, I called him and left him a voice memo or a voice message. 'cause he didn't answer. And he, when he called me back, he called me Rocco and he said that, you know, he was Randy and he sent me his social, like text me his social media and Randy Spears.

(2h 0m 52s):
And, and I think it's this belief that who I am could never supersede that persona. So I'm, I'm gonna clinging onto that because my worth is so much less than this. So, yeah, I know one, one person named Brittany, she lives in Santa Barbara with her husband, Richard. They're actually both in ministry. They do, they actually help girls that are in trafficking or like prostitution, they kinda help them get back on their feet.

(2h 1m 34s):
But yeah, like she's the only person that I know. Are any of 'em reaching out to you? Anybody? Like tons, like Blake, tons. How do we get out of this? Tons every day. And it's like, and and, and you know, some people very frustrated with me. 'cause I, I mean, they're still people who are in the industry that are very successful that either I, you know, I mentored or were good friends to me. 'cause you know, a lot of the guys who were younger when I was in the industry, you know, they were like, you know, how do I do this? How do I do this? Right? How do I make a career out of this? You know, how do I, you know, because the, the thing that I was best at was, well, I understood well, if you get relational equity with a director, then he's gonna hire you often and he's gonna recommend you, you know, to other people.

(2h 2m 27s):
I understood networking, I understood relationships. And it's like, I wasn't, I was a good actor, you know, but I, I cared about people and I remembered people's names and, you know, so like simple stuff was the things that allowed me to be very successful in that industry. And I was just, you know, teaching them simple things that worked well for them. But I've had conversations as of recently, you know, as of as, as recent as a month ago, of people who are very, very successful in the industry today that have been in the industry, you know, now, you know, approaching 15, 20 years saying, man, I thought we were friends.

(2h 3m 8s):
And I was like, well, what do you mean by that? He's like, you, you say all this stuff about the industry. I'm like, yeah, man, I detest the industry with every fiber of my being and I think it's vile and evil, but I love you. I don't, I don't have to agree with what you're doing. I, I mean, I understand you found, you, you find identity in that. So I understand why that feels offensive to you, but I I don't have any animosity towards you. I wish you would do something different with your life.

(2h 3m 49s):
Because the reality is, bro, if you are a, a girls also, if you're in the top three to 5% of any industry, you have the capacity of being excellent at another trade and being more successful, that you have charisma and gifts and talents that you are misappropriating. But if you surrender and you submit to your per to your life, to the person in Jesus Christ, and allow him to take the things that he put in you and point them in the right direction, guess what? You're gonna 10 x your success and it's gonna be something that you're doing that is fulfilling because it's gonna be the thing that you're made to do.

(2h 4m 34s):
So, yeah, I, I, I don't hate you. I hate the choices that you're making, but I don't, I don't hate you. And they, they just don't get it. So there, there, there, there has, there has been a lot of like, situations that I, I wish that I could've had the conversation in person. Yeah. Know. So you leave the industry, come a CrossFit trainer. I mean, how many people are, are coming up to you that recognize you? So, day one, I'm, I'm living now in Raleigh, North Carolina, and first thing I do, I'm like, you know what?

(2h 5m 20s):
I've got a Celtic Cross tattoo on my shoulder that for some reason in my mind, like, I'm not walking around with my shirt off, but I'm like, I know that is on a hundred, you know, covers of porn, you know, I'm gonna get that covered up. So I get it covered up. I got like a, I got a fish like coming outta water, like, oh, you know, freaking cool, you know. But I got that covered up and shaved my head deleted my social media and it's like, Rocco Reed gone dead New Life, walk into Whole Foods.

(2h 6m 3s):
Like literally, I haven't even moved into my place yet. And a guy in the meat section is like Rocco Reed. I was like, Are you kidding me? And then it just continued to happen over and over again. And then I'm just kinda like, I was kind of found, you know, I was, I was found, I was found out, but I just kinda, you know, deflect from it. And I was just trying to build, like, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, I'm a trainer, I'm a good trainer, I'm a good trainer. I got a lot of personal training clients, you know, making money.

(2h 6m 45s):
I'm doing good, I'm helping people. I'm doing good. And two years of that And two years in, this girl comes into the gym. She's wearing like all Iowa Hawkeye cheerleading stuff. So she had obviously, you know, was alum. An alum that was very proud that she had cheered at Iowa. Gorgeous best athlete in the gym. But she was different in that she worked really hard. She would kick everybody's butt in the workout. She was a gymnast, so she could, you know, all this like old school CrossFit, like if, if you could walk on your hands and like do stuff like that. Like if you were good at that, like you already had a, a, you know, a an edge over every everybody else.

(2h 7m 31s):
But she was just better than everybody. And I was just fascinated about, you know, with her. And she was gorgeous. So I asked her on a date and she was like, I'm good. I was like, been love, you know, rejection, you know. So I asked her out a bunch of times and she was finally like, well, I go, I go for a long run before church on Sunday mornings. If you wanna meet me at this park, we can go for a run. And I was like, all right, you know, I'll take whatever I can get. And I get there and I'm there early and I'm waiting.

(2h 8m 11s):
And I started thinking, I'm like, man, you know, Christmas party and like a few other parties we have, like, she didn't really hang out that much. She's always at the gym, but after the workout, if she's not like doing extra work or whatever, like she's not hanging out, mingling. Like, she's not, like she's not looking for friends. Yeah. And so AKA she doesn't know my story and I'm like, she doesn't, no. And I'm like, man, if she knew who I was, she would not, you know, agreed to this.

(2h 8m 51s):
And, and there was just like some conviction that I had. I'm like, man, I need to, I need to be forthcoming with this. Not something I'd done, you know, in the past. And when she got there, like the, the run never made its way to a run or, you know, it was a, maybe a brisk walk. And I was like, Hey, I just wanna, I wanna share something with you. It's going to, you know, be a little heavy. She was like, okay, but you know what's up? And I was like, you know, kinda like laid out my guts, you know? I was like, man, I'm this kid that his daddy didn't want. And I, and I did all this porn and it's still all over the, the internet and like, every bad thing I've ever done that creates shame in my life. You know, it's on the internet forever and this is who I am.

(2h 9m 35s):
And she was just like, holy crap. You know, like super taken back and she didn't say anything and we just continued to walk, you know, she didn't say a word. And I didn't know if she was mad or she was gonna slap me, or, you know, I don't know. I was gonna, am I gonna get fired? You know, I I I was just thinking like all these. Then she stopped and she looked at me like, you know, she's a elementary teacher. There was like, there's the, you know, a look that like a mom or a teacher has, and she just looked at me with this, like, she's like, Hey, I don't wanna minimize the pain that you've experienced in your life, and I don't want to negate the, the real problems that your decisions have made for you, but I want you to know that you're not defined by the worst that you've ever done, And you won't be defined by the greatest thing you ever do.

(2h 10m 42s):
Hmm. Because there's one author of you and it's not you. It's God, do you know who that is? Do you know God? And I was like, maybe I went to church a little bit when I was a kid because my, my grandmother, my grandfather, they went to church. They had a faith. I was like, I know of God. I, I certainly don't know God. And she was like, well, I've been following Jesus since I was in the seventh grade.

(2h 11m 24s):
And I'm not perfect by any means, but my foundation that I live from is from my relationship with him. Like, the way I live my life is contingent on my relationship with him. So what kind of food do you like? I was like, what are you, like an alien or something? Like what? Like what are you talking about? Like, you don't want me to leave. Like, she's asking me about smart goals. I'm like, dude, I don't know what an acronym is. Like, what are you talking about? Like, I, I like, I had the worst of intentions with you.

(2h 12m 8s):
Like I, my plan A, B and C is to hook up with you. You know, I, I don't, I have no idea. You know? And then we just walked and talked and she asked me questions that I didn't think of for a long time. You know, like, what, what do I want to, like, in, in the gym industry? Like, would you ever want to own a gym? You know, what's your relationship like with your family? Like, do you, like, would you ever want to have kids? You know, just asking me things that like, I, I Honestly, like, I feel like it had been so long of like me thinking like that.

(2h 12m 52s):
I was like reaching for humanity. I didn't know if I still had that went on for, you know, we, we walked and talked for like, probably two hours and then, you know, she, you know, we, we went separate ways and, you know, text like high school idiots for a week. And then on Saturday she was like, Hey, I would love for you to come with me to church. And I was like, wherever you're going, yes. You know, I'll, I'll be there wherever the pretty girl's going. Yes. And she had like, she had been catalytic for like, some curiosity.

(2h 13m 37s):
I'm like, what in you allowed you to respond to me like that? You know, like there's this really great book. I, I love Master Plan of Evangelism. Robert E. Coleman wrote it and he talks about how it's good to tell people, you know, something. But it's better to show that like, people are often not looking for an explanation. They're looking for a demonstration. And I think, you know, Colossians four, like Paul's talking about, Hey, you know, I'm in prison for preaching the gospel, but I'm praying for opportunities to preach the gospel and I'm praying to do it with clarity and I'm praying to do it with tact.

(2h 14m 22s):
You know, I wanna be wise towards outsiders and most importantly, man, allow my speech to be gracious and seasoned with salt. So I might know how I ought to answer each person. 'cause how I respond matters how I respond to the individual in front of me, not a blanket statement, the person in front of me, how I am aware, how I'm an intentional, how react is important. And the way that she reacted to me, like, it, it was like, wow, dude.

(2h 15m 7s):
And she invited me to church and we went there and I thought, you know, am I gonna like set, you know, into am I gonna catch on fire when I walk in? You know, like, I certainly have no business here is what I was thinking. And then, you know, my, my only like experience, I think a lot of people can relate to that. Yeah. I mean, I thought, you know, I thought the same thing when I walked in. Yeah. Totally Different reasons. Maybe not so different, but I get it. Yeah. I mean, I thought, you know, if you had, you know, tattoos on your arm and wrinkles on your shirt, like you're going to hell, you know, that's what, that's what I thought.

(2h 15m 53s):
And then I saw a, a man with tattoos and, you know, a t-shirt and jeans, like get up on stage preaching and he's told, he told the story of two Samuel chapter nine, and just to provide a little bit of contact. So two Samuel, chapter nine, it's King David, David had just rebuilt the Kemp, the temple. And now he's, you know, kinda at the pinnacle of his reign, his king, and he's just rebuilt the temple and he had done something for God. And then he was asking himself, introspectively, Lord, what can I do for your people to show your loving kindness to me?

(2h 16m 40s):
How can I reciprocate the love that I've experienced from you, like to your people? And then he's like, oh yeah, I made this promise to my friend Jonathan. So Jonathan was the son of Saul. Saul, his kingdom was stripped from him when he sinned. And then David was chosen and anointed to be king. And then there was this conflict between Saul and David. And Saul had a son, Jonathan, and Jonathan and David were great friends. And Jonathan even was like, Hey, I know my dad's like trying to like throw spears at you and like trying to kill you. And like he's, you know, kinda lost it. If he's plotting on you, I'm gonna have your back.

(2h 17m 19s):
I'm gonna let you know. And then David said, Hey, I'm gonna make this covenant promise with you that I'm going to show you love and affection, not only to you forever, but to your family as well. And now fast forward, he's remembering this and he's saying, man, how can I show this to, you know, God's people? And he is, oh, I wonder if there's anyone left outta the house of Saul. And he finds a guard, Zeba is the guard's name, and he served under Saul and he's like, Hey, is there anyone left? And he's like, yeah, my fellow chef, my fellow chef was a son of Jonathan, but he's in this place called Lo debar.

(2h 18m 1s):
It means place of no pasture. He's in hiding because he was, you know, when, when he was around like five or six years old, when his, his dad and his grandfather, when Jonathan and Saul were killing battle, you know, there was this hierarchy where he was next in line to be king, but David was chosen, anointed to be king. So if David had his right place to the throne, historically, if there was an opposing person, they could potentially cause an upheaval. They were identified and eradicated, you know, that that was the plan. So he was in hiding because he thought his head was on the chopping block.

(2h 18m 42s):
David goes, finds him, brings him in front of him, and my fellow chef is like, you know, doomsday, today's the day I'm gonna die. I've been found. And David says, actually, I'm going to give to you. I'm gonna restore back to you your grandfather's land, which is part of Canaan. So the promised land, I'm gonna give you access back to your land, and I'm gonna invite you into my kingdom, and I want you to have a seat in my table. Not for a day, not for a week, but forever. You are now part of this family. And I was like, wow, this is amazing. It's a, it's a beautiful picture of grace.

(2h 19m 24s):
But second Samuel chapter nine, verse eight, eth, how does he respond to this? Because he is like, wow, you know, God is so good. Wow, this is amazing. No, He refers to himself as a dead dog. He says, what, what would you want to do with a dead dog like me? And I was like, yeah, that's it. He goes, before he was talking about, man, you know, Romans 3 23 says that we've all sinned and fall short to the glory of God. So everybody's guilty. Romans 6 23, you know, the wage of sin is death. So if we're all guilty, and that guilt equates to death, eternal separation from God, if that's true for everyone, then okay, I I'm on the same playing field.

(2h 20m 6s):
But then you're talking about, you know, the, this grace of God, you know, I'm like, okay, you know, robes 10, nine, whoever confesses with their mouth that Jesus says Lord and believe that he was raised with the third day will be saved. I'm like, this is amazing. But then I still find myself, don't you know who I am? Don't you know what I've done? Don't you know who my daddy is? Don't you know, even he didn't want me. And then he read Hebrews 12 too. It talks about how Jesus went to the cross with joy in his heart set before him, squirting our shame before he sat down on the right hand of God.

(2h 20m 53s):
And I like Joy. You you're talking about that, okay. Jesus was fully God, fully manned, so, fully perfect. He's omniscient. He's all knowing. So in all powerful, all knowing God went to the cross. Okay? He was, he was obedient to his father. So that makes sense. I But why would he have joy in his heart? And then it hit me. 'cause he loves me because he loves me, God loves me.

(2h 21m 46s):
And I just kept saying it to myself over and over and over again. And I fell to my knees and I started to cry. I'm not sure what happened that day, but when I stood up, you know, I, I gave my life to Jesus the best I knew how and what I felt when I stood up was the ruck was off my back. And I understood that the father that I always wanted, he gave me pictures of shielding me and protecting me and walking with me and fighting for me and believing the best about me.

(2h 22m 41s):
And That's why Romans five eight is so powerful. Like while knowing the worst thing you've ever done, Jesus went to the cross and died for you. Like he would like you. It, it talks about how, you know, you, you wouldn't do that, you know, for a bad person, maybe for a righteous person, but but not someone that had done the things, you know, that we did that put him on the cross. Like no way. Yeah. While knowing the worst thing you've ever done, the thing that you would not want to say out loud, he knows that. And he'd chooses you.

(2h 23m 22s):
Why? 'cause he loves you. And that love it. It changed me that day. It didn't fix all my problems. I was still, you know, very much a knucklehead. But man, if there was something that I was sure of was that God loved me and I wanted to be different. And the thing that I didn't think was possible just came true, is that I had a father who adored me. And that girl, her name is hope, which is pretty cool.

(2h 24m 8s):
And you know, I'm not the smartest person in the world, but married her. And, you know, we've been married for nine years and got four boys, and I've just seen so much beauty come from the ashes of my life. And, you know, from, you know, that moment of being discipled, going to liberty and getting a theological education to preaching at liberty, at convocation last month and, and doing, you know, having conversations with incredible people like yourself. Like I didn't have the guts.

(2h 24m 49s):
How did you immediately start implementing this stuff into your life? Yeah. After that, after that hour at church? Yeah. I mean, for, for me it's like, you know, so thinking about like, like fighting, like I, I wasn't the best fighter, but I was a good counter puncture. You know, basketball, like I, I, I was, I was quick, but I wasn't fast. So I was a shooter. So I had to, I could, I could create separation so I could get my shot off. All these things were taken technique driven, but I understood that it would yield results.

(2h 25m 29s):
So I, I believed, man, if I take inventory of the things in my life that don't line up with where I want to go, and I implement a regiment of things that will set me on the trajectory for me to go, then it'll work. Okay. So where do, where do I start? I need a mentor. So first thing I did, it was, it was so crazy. I, I go to this church, it was a pretty big church in Raleigh, and I was like, there's a pastor I can talk to, like sure, you know, executive pastor, it was, you know, around the corner just happened to be in there. His name's Gary Vet. And I, I walked in there and I was like, can I tell you a story?

(2h 26m 10s):
Because I feel like God wants me to build a boat, you know? But I shared with him my story and I was like, man, I, I feel like I need to build a foundation because I think there's people that God's going to use my story to rescue to point to himself, and that's the boat that I feel like I need to build. What am I supposed to do? And he's like, wow. You know, and then he grabs this guy, Andrew, and Andrew just graduated from DTS Dallas Theological Seminary, moved to Raleigh to help open another campus.

(2h 26m 50s):
And discipleship was something that he was passionate about and gifted in, like very gifted teacher. And, you know, if, if I, you know, it is funny, I used to tell a story. It was like, man, he was a new guy on staff. He had all this free time, you know, knowing what I know now in ministry, the new guy on staff does not have free time. You know, you're doing all this stuff. But he's like, I, I didn't have time. And honestly, you know, my plan was to give you a bible, tell you, you know, what to read and tell you to get plugged into a small group. And he was like, man, just the Holy Spirit just fell on me and convicted me, like when you walked in my office.

(2h 27m 38s):
And I was like, man, I've got to pour out every bit of me into him, and I don't know why. And you know, he, he didn't know what he was getting himself into. He's like, man, I just want you, you know, to open up my office to you. You know, I wanna spend as much time discipling you as, as you want to spend. So I was like, okay, you know, I've kinda a little bit of a crazy work ethic where I was like, all right. So I was like doing everything I could to like, I was like giving away personal training clients. And I was showing up at his office and I was spending 10 to 15 hours a week with Andrew. And, you know, we started in the book of John, where the book of John, you know, anyone ask me, what's the first book of the Bible?

(2h 28m 22s):
I need to read the book of John. The book of John is an eyewitness account of the life of Jesus. You know, GE John walked with Jesus. And John wants you to know, Hey, this is who Jesus is. This is what Jesus did, and this is how it matters to all that believe. And you know, it's like John specifically has written to not specifically like a Greek audience, not specifically a Jewish audience. It's an overarching audience. So it uses language that's not confusing. It's very clear. So we, we dug into that and it, like, I wasn't like a scholarly dude, but like, I could read and like regurgitate stuff, but it wouldn't always like conceptualize.

(2h 29m 13s):
There was, I mean, it's, it's true that the, you know, the Bible says that the Bible is, you know, the word of God is alive and active, sharper than, you know, two, any two-edged sword divides, bone and marrow. Where if, if you are allowing the Holy Spirit to, to lead you, I think it's important that we pray before we read our Bible, man, I was reading this text and it was like, it wasn't just words on a page, it was like, it was coming into my heart and undoing things. And it was like, I was like receiving, you know, it's, it's, you know, it's, I think it's appropriate that we talk about, you know, Jesus is the bread of life.

(2h 29m 54s):
You know, it's the, the water that'll never leave you thirsty. Because once you experience like true sustenance, like if you've ever been starving, and then you find sustenance, like you're satisfied in a way that is almost like you can't fully articulate. It was that. And I experienced a piece that came with that that I became very hungry for and I couldn't get enough. And for me, you know, it used to be, man, if you come to my house, you know, or my grandma's house, her buttermilk biscuits are ridiculous. And you know, she's such a great grandma that, you know, I, I get outta school, you know, at 3 37, she's taking them out of the oven at three 40, you know, they're hitting, you know, a plate and you can bite them.

(2h 30m 48s):
They're still crispy on the top and they're, you know, soft in the middle. And she times it perfect. You gotta try this. The, the gospel became that for me. It was like, man, this really works. This really is changing my life. And it's beautiful and interesting and captivating, and it's the best story ever told in that story. It's about a God that is personal and wants to get to know you. And man, I can't wait to tell you about him. And that just became all I ever wanted to do. And that's, you know, if I'm honest, like I, I get to do some really cool stuff, but at the end of the day, like that's the thing that fires me up most.

(2h 31m 29s):
So it started there, but I think like if you're to teach anyone anything, you know, talking about Victor, you know, like Victor's gonna show, show me how to do something with a knife, and then he was gonna gimme the knife, and then I need to show him what he showed me. Because, because if I can't replicate what you just taught me, I didn't catch it. You know? And you have to apply it to truly learn it. And I think when, when we reciprocate our, our faith in that we, we share things that God has, you know, implanted on us to others, there's something that's solidified.

(2h 32m 9s):
You think there's, when you know, there's something beautiful that happens when there's a, a, a physical and practical response to something that's prompted in us spiritually. And that's just has been natural for me. How long did it take you to learn forgiveness? A lot. A lot longer. A lot longer. I think the, the first, the, the first step of that was when our first son was born. I remember, like, I remember all, like, my wife is like a germaphobe and she's always like, you know, have you wash your hands?

(2h 32m 51s):
Have you wash your hands? Like our kids, like any, like, we will like be somewhere and wash our hands and get in our car, and if we pick up like takeout, you know, and we're gonna eat it on the way home, and they're in the back like watching a movie or whatever, they know, like, you gotta get the hand sanitizer also, you know. But so when her son's born, you know, I'm like, she's already instilled the fear in me, but by that point I'm like, are my hands clean enough, you know, to touch our, our son, you know, because he, the nurses had him and, you know, he's all like, slimy and cold headed and got the little bonnet like hanging off his head. And I'm freaked out.

(2h 33m 31s):
'cause like, so she was in the middle of a CrossFit workout when her water broke. And like, she, like, we went home, we'd like, we had just bought our first house, been married for about two years, and Just like, she was like, I'm gonna just do my makeup and then we'll go to the hospital, like, your water broke. You know, I'm like freaking out. I thought I needed to have, like, you know, but we get there and her, her water broke, but she wasn't dilated enough. And then almost 24 hours later, he's born. So I'm like crack head by that point. And he's born and I'm like, emotional and hungry and tired and all the things.

(2h 34m 12s):
And the nurse has him and he's looking, you know, all alien like, and she's like, do you want to touch him? You wanna see him? And I walk over, I'm like, you know, and as I'm reaching in his direction, his little hand reaches up and grabs my finger And I started Weeping And like, not audibly, but you know, in my spirit I heard God say, I love you more than that. And I said, man, I, I don't deserve that.

(2h 34m 56s):
I don't deserve to be a dad. I don't know how to be a dad. I'm scared. I don't know how to do it. Right. I've never seen it done. I'm a, you know, I'm a screw up, you know, I, I, I started just thinking all these things. I was thinking, man, I was, I was 30, you know, 33 at that time. And I was like, man, my dad was 16. I, And I think like that moment, it, it was the beginning of me feeling some empathy for him and Some time passed and God started opening up some cool opportunities.

(2h 35m 53s):
I was on staff at Life Church for a while as an associate pastor, and then took a teaching position in Iowa. And then kind of thing after thing started happening, you know, I did Tucker and Candace Owens and, you know, a few other things and started getting a lot of momentum, a lot of opportunities. And God was just moving. And kinda in the middle of that, I was in Dallas actually before we lived there. And I was staying in the Omni and I'd woke, like, I'd woken up at around like 2:00 AM and it's often not super often, but often that God will like wake me up.

(2h 36m 37s):
And I feel prompted to pray in the middle of the night. And I was lazy, so I was just like, I'm just gonna lay here. I'm like, Okay, Lord. You know? And I began to think like, Hey, what am I doing? And I just felt like super distracted. And then I started to think, it's almost like the Holy Spirit kinda brought to the forefront of my mind. Like, do you fear me? Like, do you revere me? Like the fear of the Lord rightly understood is, is reverence not, you know, human fear.

(2h 37m 17s):
Like, do you revere me as Lord, get on my face and begin to pray? And then I started to see almost like if you would like go through a flip book, my dad, I don The, The way that I would look out that glass, like looking for my dad is my dad as a kid looking for me.

(2h 37m 57s):
And how it just got harder over time. And while I was feeling empathy, I was also feeling this like, bubble of rage at the same time, you know, these like two conflicting emotions. And I was just like, man, because I, I've like screamed into my pillow before, like when, you know, especially with like the day that we found out we were pregnant for the first time. Someone hacked my wife's Facebook and sent every single person, like family, friends, like grandma, like my pornography.

(2h 38m 39s):
It's like, we announced we're pregnant five minutes later. There's damn. So I'm like, in moments like that, I was Like, I don't know why I like, obviously I'm like, man, I, I'd love to, you know, grab that it, you know, that IP address and go like, curb kick that person. But also like something in me, like, it was almost like the first thing I would think was like, man, dad, if you would've been there, this stuff wouldn't have happened. I wouldn't be experiencing that. It's your fault. And it would go from like, it's your fault to like, dad, it's your fault. Why couldn't you just be there?

(2h 39m 21s):
You were down the street. Like, why do you hate me? And then just my heart broke and I'm just like, I have to forgive him. And I don't know what that looks like, but I have to figure out a way. And then I tell my wife and my wife be my wife. She like some, she like messages. He's got, you know, I have a half brother and sister that I don't know very well, but she reaches out to Justin and then she gets his number, and then I end up with his number. And she was like, you know, very quickly she's like, here you go.

(2h 40m 5s):
Do what you need to do. And I called him and we had that phone call and it was like, man, like When I, when I had that conversation with him, like it would, it didn't go exactly like I thought it would, but a million pounds came off of me. But what's really wild is in between that dream and that phone call, the weekend I had with Victor Marks was nuts.

(2h 40m 51s):
So we know Victor, and it was, well it was, I think maybe it was like the third or fourth time I'd hung out with him and we were filming a, a spiritual warfare documentary. And he had interviewed me for that. And he's got, you know, this, this prayer, you know, this retooling prayer where you identify like, is there any, you know, demonic oppression on you? Mm. And calls them out. We did it on here. Yeah. But he, he did that with me. And I was just like, you know, it's like I, you know, I I would say I'm like bad intercostal, you know, I'm like Baptist in my theology and Pentecostal in my expression.

(2h 41m 42s):
But like the demonic, you know what, like wasn't super familiar with, you know, definitely experienced a lot of evil, but regarding stuff like that, not, you know, not super in tune with. And I Think your whole life's been spiritual warfare, man. Oh, Absolutely. Absolutely. But when I think of the demonic as, sorry. No, no, please. It's traps. It's these fucking traps. Yeah. It's vices, it's addiction, it's lust, it sex, it's temptation money.

(2h 42m 27s):
Yeah. Jealousy, resentment. Those are, I think that, I think how the, I think I think about this shit all the time. I think that's how it works. Different traps worked for different people. Oh, sure. Yours was, I mean, it doesn't sound like yours was even really lust. It was more fame and money. Yeah. And affirmation. Yeah. And your whole life has been acceptance. Yeah. Where can I get accepted? First one that came along, or at least the first one you noticed Yeah.

(2h 43m 9s):
You know, was, so there was three traps that acceptance, fame, money. Yeah, absolutely. You know, and so I think it's, if you, if you display what you really, I don't know how to say this. If you, if you display what you're really craving or want, whether it's, you know, sex, power, fame, money, those things will come. Yeah. They might not be good. Yeah. I mean, I I would say It's easy to fall into this shit.

(2h 43m 51s):
Oh yeah. I see it all the time. I mean, you're, you're, I mean, I think you're really tapping into something important because the reality is that most people that struggle with porn, like porn is problematic in their life. But porn's not their problem. Like, porn is the bandaid that they've covered, you know, the, the wound, the lack, the need with. And now that the porn has become problematic in their life where, you know, you, you started watching porn because of what, whatever. But it, it's, it's covering something that's so much deeper.

(2h 44m 32s):
That's why, you know, helping people stop watching it. It's not, you shouldn't do that. We do stuff that I ought not do all the time. You know, it's, it's so much deeper than that. It's like, why, why do I do what I do in contrast of what do I do, you know, stuff that I don't wanna do. You know, Paul talks about that. Like, why, why do I have this, this desire to do things I ought do, do, why do I find myself doing these things? Yeah. But I mean, But it doesn't even necessarily appear like a trap.

(2h 45m 13s):
It doesn't look like a trap at the time. Well, that's a good trap though, right? And then, and then you're in, Well, a good, a good, you know, a good trap would have camouflage. And I think, you know, that's why, you know, John 10, 10 talks about the enemy wants to kill, steal, and destroy. And, you know, he, you know, you're thinking about, you know, if he's gonna put you in change, he's not gonna show you the, the full picture of the chain that you'll be in. He's just gonna show you a link. And like how that, that link's not a big deal. I love this, this, this Dallas Willard quote, I believe it's Dallas Willard, but just talks about how repentance seems easy at first, and then after you sent it seems impossible.

(2h 45m 59s):
You know, I mean, how like There's a demonic assignment on each person. And you know, I, I think the, I would say the, the biggest problem, especially like in like Protestant circles is this, this negligence or this disbelief that evil tangibly impact your life as a follower of Christ. Because are we without sin? No. And when we sin, what do we do? We, we, you know, essentially invite an opportunity for deception, you know?

(2h 46m 43s):
So it's, yeah. I mean, I, I love the way that JP just like lays it out there. He spent two years just talking about band or digging into the fact that, you know, there's, that the, the devil, like you're not interested, you know, that you're not interesting to the devil per se, but he's got legions of demons that, you know, they know the, the wounds, you know, in your, in your family history. They know the things in which you have a proclivity like towards, he knows, you know, what kind of trap to set for you.

(2h 47m 23s):
He can't make you take the bait. They can make it seem enticing. And even more so once you take it, he can make you believe that it's not a big deal. But yeah, man, back to, to that moment with Victor, we were doing that retooling prayer and I was like, I was pretty dismissive of it. And then we did it. And then as soon as he started talking, it was like, I was a kid and I was in a room where it was, he took me, it took me to a moment that I had suppressed as a kid.

(2h 48m 5s):
I was seven and a half years old, and I was, I heard my mom being hit by this guy that she was married to. And I, there was the, the dresser was pressed up against the door and I was pressing with my forearm against the door. And I got it open just enough where I could see through it. And I saw him hitting her and I was screaming at him. And I felt so weak and so useless 'cause I couldn't open that door. And then I cried until I fell asleep.

(2h 48m 47s):
And I woke up and he was just like, what, what lie did the enemy tell you? I was like, that I'm not good enough. And it was just like, man. And it was like, so how do you undo, you know, how, how do you undo something like that? It's like, how do you replace a lie? Well, you have to replace it with a truth. You know, Thomas Kemp talks about habit has be replaced with habit. A lie has to be replaced with truth.

(2h 49m 30s):
So I'm like, man, how do I fix this? How do I undo this? How do I, you know, what do I do with this? What do I do with this? Like new, like unearthed trauma, you know, I've already like been to counseling for two years, you know, I've already, it was like something I, I didn't deal with. I never even thought of. I didn't even know what happened, really. And the first thing I could think of was, again, that dream when I was praying, you know, that, that moment I was praying, I was like, man, the reason I don't believe that I'm enough, it came from another lie that my dad wasn't there for me because I'm not good enough.

(2h 50m 22s):
I'm not good enough to be his son, so I'm gonna choose to forgive him in spite of an outcome. And I did. And I think the enemy, like, Like I, I, I thought in my head like, man, God had orchestrated this incredible moment, you know, that I was gonna, like, when I caught 'em, there was gonna be like fireworks shooting off, and then we were gonna like, you know, grab some shotguns and go hunting or something, you know, like I, but it was just not the case. You and I was talking with a buddy of mine recently, Matt Chandler, and he was telling me a story of like, him and his dad, like reconnecting, like later in life.

(2h 51m 17s):
And he was like, I was like, well, how did you know? How did that happen? And he was like, man, just like randomly one day I just got like this inkling to say, Hey dad, I've got access to this cabin. I'm going out there for three days, hunt fish, do all the stuff you love to do. Why don't you come with me? It's all on me. I'll, it's all i'll taken care of. Why don't you come hang out with me? And he did. And, you know, ended up professing Jesus' Lord. Ended up having a great relationship, even moved closer to him.

(2h 51m 57s):
And I was just like, My dad, like has a, you know, he like, my dad's like office, like, looks like this. If it was like deer and boar and, you know, and I was like, he'll be all over that. Send out a text, look at it, show it to my wife, hit send 30 seconds go by. I don't think that's gonna work. Damn. There was so much in me that wanted to like take 10 steps back. You know, I, It's like, man, like what, what do I have to do?

(2h 52m 52s):
But at the end of the day, it's like, man, I can't control his decisions and I can't control like his response to dictate how I perceive reality and, and, and live my life. All I can do is be the best father I can be and the best husband I can be, and be the best Christ follower I can be. And be, be the best leader in the organization that I'm part of. It's not you, it's him. Yeah. I mean, it sucked, you know? Yeah, it sucked. Like I thought for sure, like that was it.

(2h 53m 37s):
But I think a better way to think about it, you know, as I'm sitting here, it's like, maybe it was a seed, you know, When was that? Three months ago. It's A lot of pain. Yeah. And it's wild. It's like, you know, I, I spent a lot of time talking about horn and, but what, when I do men's events, like I know 90% or more of the guys there have or are struggling with porn. The thing that I get to minister to people about is that there's some kind of father wound and there's, there's levels of fatherlessness.

(2h 54m 25s):
You know, there's, there's guys, you know, fathers that they weren't there at all. There were guy, there were fathers that, you know, divorce or death or it would be easy for me to become the father that's absent in that I'm there, but I'm trying to overcompensate so hard that I'm not present. So, so many guys with the similar wound, How do you keep that balance? How do I keep the balance?

(2h 55m 6s):
I mean, for, for me it's like, again, like my wife is just the best. Where we were doing premarital counseling and, You know, looking, we were looking at like the five love languages. And she was saying, well, her top love language is quality time. And naturally the way that we are naturally inclined to love people is the way in which we most naturally receive love, which often is not the same as our spouse. And, you know, with hope, she wanted quality time.

(2h 55m 50s):
Like, she was like never, like not seen as like her family. It's like if they, they fell out of the Hallmark channel, you know, it's like not real life, you know? She, it's like she talks to her mom and her sister multiple times a day and you know, they're on like, you know, I, I've, her sister just had a baby. And they're like, you know, it, it's, it's wild. It's nothing like I've ever seen it. It's al it's not uncomfortable, but it's like, it's so normal. It's weird to me. But she was like, quality time. So like, when I hear quality time, I'm like, quality date, quality dinner qua, like something really good.

(2h 56m 39s):
So like, you know, I want, you know, sit on the, the end of a pier where the water is completely, you know, placid and just sit there, you know, no phones, nothing, Just unattached from everything. Just me and you. The greatest gift that you can give me, the greatest present that you can give me is your presence. And that's hard for somebody that doesn't think a lot of themselves. So it was almost like the, the way that, the way that she required me to love her well allowed me to heal.

(2h 57m 22s):
'cause like, man, how could you see that in me? And there's just been so many times where she has just did things and said things that have been so healing to me. So with our kids, you know, she reminds me that, you know, like Cannon, especially as my dude, he, he likes presence and likes like stuff at the end of the day. Like he wants me to sit on the ground and play tic-tac-toe with him. Yeah.

(2h 58m 3s):
And it's like we overcomplicate simple things that distracts us from the most meaningful things. That's a good way to put it. So it's that it's, you know, the way that she loves me, well, is she lovingly course corrects me from time to time. Sometime it's, you know, a, a bony elbow and sometimes it's a, it's a kiss on the cheek, but she's never afraid to tell me the truth. And I appreciate that about so much about her. Sounds like a great woman. Oh Yeah, It's wild.

(2h 58m 43s):
I mean, like, we were, we were, you know, we were sitting with a group of people and someone asked her like, well, you know, in good faith, they were asking her like, like, gosh, I I just admire you so much. Like, how do you not have animosity towards him? Slept with thousands of girls, you know, did all this stuff. It's all over the internet. And how do you not have like, something like in you that causes you to compare yourself? You know, like, how do you not have animosity and like, how do you not have that in you? And she was like, well, I, I knew him for five days before he gave his life to Christ.

(2h 59m 27s):
So I'm not going to hold his past against him. Like, and I don't believe that when you Google him, you will find the thing that's most true about him. The thing that's most true about him is that he is a son of the king of kings. So I'm gonna speak to him and think of him the way that God does, not the way that Satan does. 'cause Satan would like me to hold onto his past. But God says that is my son, who I'm well pleased, that's been forgiven and cleansed by his blood.

(3h 0m 12s):
Like the prodigal son, like for the prodigal gun, took one step toward his father. The father ran towards him and put a ring on his finger or sandals on his feet, a robe on his back and threw a party. Because you know this, he said, this is my son who's come home. And I think, man, it's like if, if I think if we could just understand like who God is, he would seem not only more attractive but irresistible. Wow, man.

(3h 0m 54s):
But as a hell of a story. Yeah. What a strong woman. Well, you wanna end it in a prayer? Yeah, let's do it. All right. You lead it. Father, we Thank you that I, We get to look at you and say, Abba, father, we Thank you for our time together. And Lord, we just pray that the conversation that we had, it is both convicting and comforting in that it doesn't matter what you've done.

(3h 1m 46s):
It doesn't matter what's happened to you. It doesn't matter how far you've gone. You cannot outrun or outs send what Jesus has done for you on the cross. And to the person that is wrestling with and struggling with pornography addiction. God, I pray that you lovingly correct them, that you do not condemn them for their sin. That if they're a follower of you, that they are someone that would say, Hey, I call myself a follower of Jesus. Your word says that Romans eight, one, that there is no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. So I pray that they don't feel condemned in shame.

(3h 2m 26s):
They, but they do feel corrected in their spirit and that this is not a good thing. This is not something that they should hide. This is something they need to tell someone that's close to them and that they pursue freedom and healing. And God, I just pray that to the person that doesn't know you, that we understand that we were created to live forever. And where we spend forever is up to us. That you sent your son into this world to die. The death that we deserved, he paid our debt on the cross. And God, I just pray that to the person that doesn't know you, that they right now in this moment, that you draw them close to yourself and they say, Hey, I'm a sinner that needs saving.

(3h 3m 13s):
I, I don't know how to do it on my own. But Jesus, I pray that you come to my life, that I turn for my sin and I turn to you and I give you my life and I trust you. And I pray that, that you fill them with the Holy Spirit so they can follow you with all their life for the rest of their life. We pray this all in Jesus' mighty name. Amen. Amen. Well, Josh, Thank you man. Thank you. I just hope that when, I just hope that, and I know you will, and I wish you the best of, best of success with what you're doing now and spreading the message. And, and I just hope that this conversation, you know, just a lot of people out there caught in a vice, a trap, a prison, and I don't think they can find their way out of it.

(3h 4m 3s):
I've been in one multiple times. I know. I mean, it's a big part of what we do and yeah. And I just hope people take this and, and realize there's always a way out. There is always a way out. Yeah. And yeah, just the reality that wherever you are today, you're not, you're not stuck. You know, you're, you, you can change. It doesn't have to always be this way. That's the gospel that, you know, God loves us enough to meet us where we are, no matter what our situation is. But he also loves us enough to not leave us as we are. God bless mother, Former MLB All star Sean Casey, AKA, the mayor keeps hitting it out of the park.

(3h 5m 2s):
Take my 30 years of experience, take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures. When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome. Your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don't know. I'm fired up baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's Office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow And listen on your favorite platform.