
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet, just buy bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


They had VC or MVA come out of a spider hole and threw a, threw ACOM at this. This guy, he picked it up, went, threw it back, and it went off in his hand. Arm gone side of his head. Gone. People were starting as They were a little uncertain about the war, but they weren't like they were when we came home. Guys coming home throwing with signs and names. Nazi murderer, baby killer. Don't forget, forget baby killer. Feel like your soul coming outta your chest. Mr. Bob Parsons, End of flesh. Welcome to the show.


Good To be here. Sean, Man, I'm really excited to interview you. I've been, I've been watching GoDaddy you all your companies for decades now, and I just find you to be a fascinating human being. So I just wanna say Thank you for making the time and coming in, coming into Nashville and, and knocking this interview out with me. I think it's, it's gonna be awesome. It's my pleasure, brother. Perfect. Thanks for having me Here. It's my honor. But everybody starts off with an introduction here. So Bob Parsons, United States Marine Infantry veteran who received the Purple Heart in the Vietnam War, self-taught programmer who started Parsons Technology in your basement in 1984, growing it into a hundred million dollars revenue company before selling it for 64 million.


Founder of GoDaddy, the world's largest DONA domain name registrar, which you sold for 2.3 billion CEO and founder of Yam Worldwide with ventures like Parsons, extreme Golf, Scottsdale National Golf Club, and Harley Davidson of Scottsdale philanthropist. Who alongside your wife Renee founded the Bob and Renee Parsons Foundation in 2012. Trailblazer and Psychedelic assisted Therapy using it to confront your own PTSD and funding over $19 million in research to help others. That's super close to me. I did that, I did an iboga experience in Mexico and totally changed the trajectory of my family life, my business life, every aspect.


And New York time bestselling author of the book, FIRE IN THE HOLE, self-made billionaire, ranked 3 38 on the Forbes 420 24 list with a net worth of 3.9 billion. You're a husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. Welcome home. And you have a quote that I read that I love and it says, I believe I was born a dreamer. I know I was. Yeah. When did you come up with that quote? I just, I've always been a dreamer. So it, it was when I was, was taken a inner child workshop one time trying to find myself, this is way back when.


And I had to, I had to write myself a letter and, and the letter was from May now or then to when I was a young child, when I was a young boy. Wow, what, what, what would I say? And then how would I write back? So I did that, and then I had to, to write about myself, the different parts of me. And that's where I, you know, I just, sitting in my hotel room at night, I just, just, when I was writing this for the next day's class, I just remember thinking, I believe I was born a dreamer and I was.


And so that, that's how that came about And stuck with you ever since? Yeah, sure it has. And as a matter of fact, I used that paper that I turned in, that is the introduction to my book or the preface and the, the letter to the little boy and the letter back and, and then about myself and the letter about myself starts exactly with that. I believe I was born a dreamer. Wow. When did, what, what is the letter to yourself? What did you say to your young self? Did I say to my young self? Yes. You know, it said that, you know, know, I, I'm writing to you for many years in the future, and I know more about you than any other person alive.


I know everything there is to know about you, and I know that you're going through a tough time in your life. I know that my mother was insane and dad wasn't around much, and so I just never understood it as a kid. But I was scared most of the time.


And, and I told my younger self to hang in there because you know more about the right thing to do than anybody's going to tell, anybody's going to tell you. And to just hang on. And, and that one day, you know, believe in yourself and never stop dreaming because more than anything that'll be your salvation. That's powerful. So that's, that's that letter. What did your young self write back? Well, didn't write much. We had to write it with the, with the left hand, you know, that our non-dominant hand. So it looked like a young child and, and it basically wrote that, thank you for writing to me.


I cannot wait to be you and I'll see when I grow up, Man. Yeah, what was that for? That was for an inner child workshop and I was just trying to get rid of my, my PTSD and deal with it. When did you do that? Oh God, it it had to be in the nineties. Sometime In the nineties. Yeah. Well, we'll dive into all the therapy and getting better after war, war trauma. But Bob, I would love to do, I mean, I know you know this, but I want to do an expose on your life and, and so we're gonna go through childhood, the Marine Corps, Vietnam, and all your business ventures and some life lessons you've learned.


I'd love to know about your values and, and all that stuff. But before we kick it off, we'll start with something light. So there was this back and forth conversation from your assistant and us about the condom story. I don't know anything about it. I didn't want to know anything about it. I just want to hear it directly from you. And the little I do know about it, it sounds hilarious. So what is, what is the condom story? Well, the condom, the condom story is when I was a mm, this was a junior or a senior in, in, in high school. I had, I had never been with a woman, you know, I mean, and we would talked about it day and night, but you know, I never, never, never, never been with a girl.


And this is, I'm growing up in East Baltimore. So my buddy Danny Thorn, who's a year or two older than me, who is my total ad advice on, you know, he told me everything I needed to know about women, most of the stuff, totally, totally wrong, right? Like, like, like he told me, he said, you know, when you, when when you go down on a, on a woman, right? And I see, I don't even know what it looks like. He says, you go down on a woman, there's a lot of ways to do it. He says, he says, he says, you move all the hair to the side. This is back when before the shaved, right, who brought a hair, his side, and, and you kiss, kiss, you are gonna see something that looks like the baby Jesus, kiss it.


Nice. And so anyhow, that, that was the advice I grew up with. Nice. So, so, so Danny was getting her home base action from this girl named Tony. And, and Tony was, she lived with her mom, it was her and her mom. And, and her mother was going outta town for the weekend. And so Danny arranged with, with Tony that he and her would have the upstairs and Tony's girlfriend Pauline said that, that she wanted, she, she was ready to, to, you know, to plunge your head. And, and, and I, I'd be just the, the guy that she wanted to, to do it with. So I thought, oh my God, it's here.


So, so I'd, I'd, I'd go ahead and, you know, it sounds good to me. So the first thing I did the next day was a Monday. I remember I went to the pharmacy and I had just enough money to buy one condom. So I bought one condom. And so I, I, I go home at the end of the day and I'd have his condom squirreled away, you know, and I'd pull it out and I'd sit it on my dresser and I'd look at it and it'd look at me, you know? And, you know, I, you know, and each of us, each of us wondering what the other one's thinking.


And, and so finally the day comes where it's Friday and, and I come home from it's three o'clock or so, and I go ahead and take a bath. We didn't have a shower, so I took a bath and, and I got, got got old ready for sc, you know, for to go up and meet Pauline. So I put on my best clothes. They weren't much, but they were my best. So I, I go ahead and do that. And, and then I pulled his condom out and it's, I guess by then it's four o'clock. And I pulled his condom out and I said, shit, I take it outta the, out the package, right?


And, and I look at it and I go, wow, that's, I said, so I'm looking at it, and again, it's looking at me, and I remember thinking, and it is my first time, and you could just picture the condom saying to me, it's my first time too, right? So, so we, we taken, I soon as I put it, you know, as soon as I, I pulled it out, I heart as a rock. I mean, I'm thinking about this, I'm ready to shoot through the roof, right? So I take this condom and I think, I wonder what it feels like with this thing on. So I put the condom on and I put it all the way on, and I thought, you know what, I'll just leave it on.


And that's why when when we get ready, we get ready to, to, to have sex, I'll be ready. So, so I go up and meet them and so forth. And so from that was about six o'clock we were going to get together. And, and I, I had done went flacid then. And when I went flacid, the condom rolled all the way up and it rolled up in my beauty hair, right? My God. So, so I'm, I'm, I'm there with Paul Lane. Danny and Tony go upstairs.


We're, we're on the, we're on the sofa. She got this little club basement, you know, fixed up. And so we're on the sofa there. So I, I reach over and I kiss Paul lean, and we start smooching. And man, I think it was like a switchblade back, but the only difference was, Sean, it doesn't, it didn't unwrap the way it wrapped up in the pubic areas, didn't let him go. So instead it hung onto every one, and it just pulled with the force of, of it felt like, it felt like somebody took my pubic hairs and glued 'em to the pumper of a Chevy and floored it.


Oh my gosh. So, so first, first I was, I was going to, I said, I'll just tough through this. I'll just tough through this. And I did. And then it got, it got blinding, and then the seasons by would've talked. So I went right to the floor and, and they had this little bathroom with this little, little, you know, door with a little latch on it. The, it's just a makeshift toilet, right? So I go crawl and get into there and shut it and latch it and try to get this thing off. I can't get it off. I mean, it won't come off as, you know, my, my, my, my penis was like, I'm not letting Him.


And, and I'm saying how Mary's our fathers, I'm doing everything I could think of. And I mean, nobody ever talked to me how to get rid of a heart. I was thinking of, of the mother Superior, who was the godliest woman I ever seen thinking about. And maybe what'd be like to having sex with Mother Superior didn't Matter. So, so even eventually, I mean, she, she knocks on the door. Pauline knocks on the door, she says, is everything okay? I said, sure it is. I'll be, I'll be right out. I'll, I'll be out. Don't, don't worry, I'll be out in a minute. So eventually, I think it took me two 20 minutes to get it off, but I got, I finally got it off hair's everywhere, and, and I put it back on Nice.


And we got pulled ourself together, went outside, and she's long gone. She left. You lost her? I lost her, yeah. That was the first. So I lost her. And I still remember my buddy Danny. I never, I never told anybody what happened way back then. Never told anybody. He said, how did you fuck this up? He says, it was a sure thing. And she, oh man. She told all her girlfriend, she told all her girlfriends that I, i what we were going to do.


And then we sat down, I kissed her, and then I ran into the, locked myself in the bathroom and knocked the door. And then of course, I was Never sealed the deal with that one, huh? Yeah, I killed the deal. Totally. Poor Pauline. She missed out. Well, I'm, I'm hoping someday I, I don't know where she is, but if she is, hope she gets the book. She says that's what happened. Wow. Well, you know, there's an old saying two is one and one is done. That's Marine. Early Marine Corps taught me that. Yeah, But, well, that clears that up. The condom story. Wow.


What a great way to start.


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress, it seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults, and it's probably taking a toll on all of us Armor Colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health, help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using Arm ever since. They sent me some to try, and now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine. Now. I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try armor.com/ss or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/srs. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


We know y'all love your guns. Now imagine kicking your shooting experience up a notch with a suppressor from Silencer Shop. Your range days get even better and your hunts become unforgettable. Shooting suppressed is cooler, quieter, and honestly just a heck of a lot more fun. Yes, silencers are totally legal in most states, and Silencer Shop makes getting one easier than ever. Suppressors mean tighter groups, less kick, and no more ringing ears at the end of the day. Whether you are after that trophy buck ringing steel targets or just enjoy the range with friends, adding a suppressor transforms your firearm from pretty good to downright amazing silencer shops got the biggest and best selection of suppressors, perfect for any firearm and any shooting style, but they do more than just sell Silencers. Silencer Shop is out there every day defending your Second Amendment rights and fighting for our freedoms nationwide. Do your guns and your rights a favor. Head over to Silencer Shop and see how much better your guns can be. Silencer Shop is the best way to get a suppressor must be 21 or Older, not legal in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Washington DC This ad is paid for by Silencer Shop.


Alright, so a couple things. One, I got you a gift. Vigilance League gummy Bears Legal in all 50 states at least until RFK makes 'em illegal. It's just candy. But yeah, we make those, like I said, they're made, they're made right here in the USA. And then, and then one other thing to knock out, I got a Patreon account that's a subscription network. We've turned it into quite the community. And, you know, I started this show in my attic at my house, and then we moved here, and now we're getting ready to move into a, a lot bigger facility that's out on, on some acreage, and we'll make a, a better guest experience.


But Patreon's been with me since the beginning and they've, they've really supported me with what I'm doing and, and they're the reason that I get to be here today with you. And so one of the things that we do is we offer Patreon, somebody in Patreon to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from Nate. Hi, Bob. I really admire your journey and what you've built as a fellow US Marine. I've come to believe that owning your own business is the ultimate form of freedom. But honestly, the most daunting part for me is figuring out what to build, how to find that unique idea or opportunity worth going all in on.


How did you approach this early on? Semper Fidelis. Semper Fi, Nate. Well, buddy, listen, the, the way I've always done it was I did what I liked. I did what I liked. And my dad, for all his faults, I mean, he was, he, he had a lot of good ideas, you know, about certain things. But one of the things he said, he said is, you always should do what you love. Because when you love something, it tells you all it's secrets. And I believe that. And it, that only stands the reason, Nate, because when you do what you love, you're gonna work harder at it. And you're not doing it just for the money. And, you know, depending upon why you are working, right, why you're doing what you're doing, that's going to determine how successful you are.


And you'll never be successful if you're just working for the money because you won't do the things you need to do to be successful because they're counterintuitive. So there you have it, Man. That's great advice. I would a hundred percent agree with that. And I'm doing what I love. And where this takes me just continues to surprise me every day. I can't even believe I'm sitting down here with you. But, but, so let's start, let's get into the, let's get into the interview. So you grew up in East Baltimore? I did, yep. Grew Brothers, sisters.


I grew up in East Baltimore. Younger brother, younger sister, mom and dad of course. So, and we, we never had much. Mom and dad were gamblers and, and neither one of 'em were good at it. And so we were always broke. I mean, always, always broke. And if dad, dad bought anything, it was always with credit and they always would go see what the interest rate. So, which means we would even, we even had less. So if we needed to, to have anything, we had to figure out how we were going to, going to work and earn it, earn earn it, and how we're gonna make money and, and get what we wanted to get.


And, and we, we did things like newspaper routes, shoveling snow, running errands, working in fuel stations, construction, all that kind of stuff. But my, my first business is an, an interesting story. It is, it was a lemonade stand. And so I, one day, I'm probably about eight or nine years old, and I, I go ahead and decide, it's, it's one of those hot days that they get in Baltimore that, you know, you could see the, the heat wave off the, off the, the tar street, you know, asphalt Street.


And, and when, when I did that, I decided, man, I'm making lemonade. I have a lemonade stand out here today. Well, mom wasn't around, it was just me. I was the only one home. So I go ahead and get this picture out that she had, and, and I knew that lemonade was lemon and sugar and water. So I get this, I get this bottle of lemon out and she says this called Real lemon. And I fill this thing up with, with the lemon, and then I would put the lot of sugar in it, and then I put, put water in it, and I mix it all up. And no matter how, how I made it, it just didn't taste quite right.


And then I get the idea, maybe that's the way it's supposed to taste. So I just put, I just put more sugar in it. Right. And I just keep mixing up, mixing it up, mixing it up. And then, so I, I, I go outside, I put this, had this little table, I set this little table up on a, at the base of a porch, and I, I put this little sign up, lemonade, 5 cents. And the, the lemonade picture looked beautiful. I mean, it looked beautiful. It, it had, it had like the little sweat on it. I mean, it's just, it's perfect. Well, this is back during the days, went back during the late fifties when, when the insurance guys would, life insurance guys would walk debit routes, right?


And they'd collect the, the weekly premium. 'cause it's the only way you're going to get it in East Baltimore. You go knock on somebody's door and they get it from 'em. So this guy's name is Mr. Hill, HILL. And he's got this little pork pie hat on, got his sports coat slung over his shoulder, got his tie undone. He's walking, sweating like a hog, right? And so he says to me, he goes, eh, kid, I says, he says, man, can I use, can I use, use, use this today? So I fixed him a lemonade and he gives me a dime, told me to keep the change. And it was Nick, I couldn't believe my luck.


So, so he takes, and he knocks this lemonade back and he saves the, And He, he waving around and his eyes bul. He spins his lemonade out in the street and he goes, let's get us the worst fucking lemonade. I, And he goes, storming away. And you know, I thought maybe, maybe, maybe it just isn't that bad. And maybe he, you know, he don't know how Yeah. Face.


Yeah. So the next day, the lady, a girl across the street, Suzanne, she comes over, she gets a, she buys a cup of lemonade, takes it over home, comes back and says, my mother says, you have to gimme my money back. So I get her money back. And, and same, same thing is, and then, then nobody come near my lemonade stand. So, so the guy, guy comes over LA later my mother comes home and she says, what are you doing? And I said, I'm, I'm selling lemonade. She said, you're selling lemonade? I said, yeah. She said, how did, how'd you make it? And I showed her, I said, I took the lemon bottle and I poured it, the thing.


She goes, I'll keep vinegar in that bottle. Oh, Shit. So I made, I made lemonade with vinegar and she helped me make a better lemonade. That actually tasted good. Nope. Or we're already done. Yeah. That out. Nobody wanted it for free. Nice. So anyhow, that was my first business, utter failure. So you said, you said your parents are gamblers. What, what would they, what were they gambling in? Anything that could, or A anything, horses, sports numbers.


That's bet that mom would go to bingo all the time. But that was more social thing than a, than a pure gamble. But, you know, that's what they would do. Yeah. Yeah. And your dad was a World War II CB in Guac Canal? Yeah, he was in Guac canal. Boganville. The Fijis. Did you guys talk about that? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, we did. And he, he was, had all these, all these pictures and, And He told me, he says, yeah, it was a rough, miserable place. Had a picture of his, his ship that he, he took from the beach and it, the Japanese suicide sub two man sub screwed into the side and blew it up.


Oh, Wow. And I said, how were you there to, you, you knew they were gonna take a picture. He says, well, we knew it was there. They couldn't do anything to the sub. 'cause the moment they touched it, they would blow it. Right. So they just get all cut off the ship. And then I, it wasn't that they waited for him to get off the ship, they just were able to. And so, so he, so he had that and he did, part of what he did was drive a bulldozer, I believe. And he said, he said they sounded like the Japanese zero santa leg washing machines, he said, and he, he said the Marines, he said the Marines had it, the toughest, he said, but he helped build the airfield and, and stuff like that.


Wow. So, wow. What else were you into as a kid? I mean, it sounds like life was pretty rough, you know, what kind of stuff were you into? Well, you know, I, I was a terrible student, terrible student. And I failed the fifth grade and nobody could ever take that away from me. But I, I, when I, when I failed the fifth grade sister Brenda, I was in, in, in, in parochial school. Sister Brenda was a nun. And, and she, she didn't, didn't talk much, but she sure hated me. 'cause she kept me almost every day after school, she would just turn around and I'd think, I'd think, man, I'm going to go, I'm gonna go home.


One time his kid would say, Hey, Roberts, can you hear me? That or something? I would, I'd hand it to him. She'd go, Robert Parsons just standing at school. Oh. So anyhow, I had, it was, it was the last day of school and me, this kid named Frankie, his kid named Anthony. And we're, everybody got their report cards. It was one, one them Baltimore days, hotter and shit, you know, and it was, it was maybe June or Ju or May. And I went to St. Elizabeth of Hungary. And so all I was looking for was an unfree Summer sister.


Brenda handed everybody their report cards and then said to me, Frankie, Nancy says you three, wait here, I'll be back later. And as, as I take his line out, then I'll, you know, and there you go. And then I'll process your, whatever's going to happen. But she didn't say we failed. So Anthony's saying, I remember him saying, wonder what sister Brenda wants us to stay back here for? And it occurred to me, I said, 'cause we failed. And so she took everybody out to meet her parents. And the way, the way this was set up, St.


Elizabeth occupied one big city square block. And she would walk out if, if you were, were facing, I don't the direction, but if, if you facing one of the directions and you go out the left side, you go all the way down and you go, you turn by the, the, the nunnery or the convent and it take all the way down. And then across the street to where she'd meet the parents. Well, my father, every, every year on the lift day school, he'd pick up me and my brother and my sister later, she, she, she was involved in it. And that he'd, he'd pick us. She, he'd pick us up and he'd take us over to the sporty goods store or something and we'd buy, you know, something and, you know, for passing and they'd, we'd bring us home.


So I, I was thinking, there is no way I'm going to tell my father I failed. So as soon as she left, I left. So she's going left. I go right. And I run through the schoolyard, then around the side over where, where the parents are up around the side of the convent and up against the, the wall or, or, or this, this black fence where the, it was fencing off the, the convent. And I could see Sister Brenda in the class coming down, walking down with him. And everybody's happy with their report cards and so forth. And I, I, I said to her, well, the thing I had in my favor was I knew about Sister Brenda.


She was a very lazy nun. I had some inside information. She would never, during a few times when I would go home one time when everybody else, she would break off and go right into the nunnery. She never walked the class all the way down. And so she did the same thing with this. She took and let the class go, ran the nunnery, and the class turned right and gonna walk now by herself. And she went back to crucify, the unholy threesome. Right? So I stood and, you know, and I was, you know, halfway wondering, worried that the class, that the class was gonna see me. And people were going to go, what are you doing? So forth. They didn't even notice me.


I mean, I, I, I could have been one of the bushes. So, so they were too worried about their self in report cards. So they, they started away, I kept walking, I followed them and I go down the, down the block with them, and I crossed the street where my father is. My father's already there with my brother looking at his report card. And my father says to me, Robert, where's your report card? And I said, dad, sister didn't gimme one. He says, you didn't gimme one. He looks at me like a dog that heard strange noise, you know? And I says, I said, no, dad, this year if you've passed, you didn't get a report card. That's when the lie came out.


No, no, he didn't. Keep in mind, he's holding my brother's report guard. And he goes, he's smoking ton, right? Then he, so he takes a puff and he says, ah, get in a car. And he says, not a problem. So he takes us to the, to the sport goods store. I know I'm, but in the store, sport goods, I'm on death row. So he says, my brother's got a bunch of stuff, my father's gonna put most of that back. Just pick one thing you want. And then I, I, he says to me, Robert, don't you want anything? I said, dad, I I, I got plenty. I had nothing.


So, so he says, oh, get something. So I got this first baseman's met, you know, for a young kid. And so we, we go home, the same thing happens with my mother. My brother comes in, gives him his report card, gives her a report card, and then his me, the, you know, she says, where's your report card? Same thing, you know, da da da da da da da da. And she says, I never heard of such a thing that you, you know, if you passed, you didn't get a report card. And I said, I pulled it out. I said, my call sister. And she said, I'm calling that sister. I said, well, if you think you should feel better, call her. So I went and went and sat her on a sofa, and I waited for the school to call.


Well, the school never called no kid. They never called. I waited all summer long and they didn't call all Summer. So, so I'd have my buddies that I'd be playing ball with or something. They'd say to me, Robert, what's, what's wrong? I said, nothing's wrong. Said, oh, something's wrong. I said, nothing's wrong. Now, I knew if I told one of them, it'd be all over the place. So I didn't tell anybody. So fast forward to the first day of school. Matter of fact, one time I went to tell my dad what, what was going on. And then he goes, he's got the, he's got a, he's got the newspaper up.


It's hot as, there's no air conditioning in the house. He's sitting on his sofa that is covered in plastic. So it would stay nice my, for my mother sweating his ass and smoke dirty. So I say, dad, dad, I'm gonna tell him Dad. And he drops the paper and I see these eyes bulging out, sweat running down his face. I said, nevermind paper, I'm out the door. So anyhow, so first day of school, I, I, I, I get in, we, we go with Miss Miley, the neighbor, neighbor lady, you know, she had this little red beetle.


She was this big, big large woman. And it looked like there was a hundred kids in her car. You could hardly move. But anyhow, she pulls up, we all go in, I get in line and St. Elizabeth had one class for each grade. And, and I get in there aligned with the sixth graders, and I don't know what else to do. And I look over in the fifth grade class, there's Frankie and Anthony, and there's motioning me to come over. I'm going, I don't even want to look at them. Oh, oh. So they, there's ringing a bell and then they start moving in.


You know, the first graders, second graders, third, fourth, fifth, and then time for the sixth graders. And I'm at the end of the line, or or none that year, is Sister St. Thomas. She pulls me outta that line. She says to me, she puts me against the wall. She's got her nose about maybe two inches from mine. She says, sister Brenda told me what she did. And I thought, alright, there, it's, and she told me what she did, and I said, I didn, I didn't say anything. And she says, and she didn't know what to do, so she passed you. No shit. So that's how I failed the fifth grade.


But I, I didn't have to repeat it. You moved on to sixth? Yeah. And she said to me, she said, if you, eh, give me any trouble, you're going right back into the fifth grade. Said, I want sister. And I wish I could tell you I was, I was a lot better. I was a little bit better. Right. And I remember when I got my, my sixth grade grades, I showed 'em to my mother and she goes, well, this is nothing to be proud of. But she, she did pass. And I, I like it better when you get a report card. I said, so do I, mom. Oh man. So at what point did, I mean, when did you get interested in, in the Marine Corps?


I got in the, in the, in interested in the Marine Corps. One day, at the end of Jim class, I was a senior, it was probably March or April. And I had discovered alcohol and I had discovered rediscovered the opposite sex and neither have ever been known to, to help grades in school. Right. And so I, I took in with, with that I was sure I was going to fail. I mean, and at this time, I wasn't going to be able to pull it off.


So I had two buddies say to me that they, they, they, you know, they were gonna go talk to the Marine Corps recruiter on Conland Street. Would I go with them? And I said, sure. I got nothing to do. So I, I went, I went with him and it was guy named Mike and a guy named Aggie, Aris his name. He was a, he was a creek guy. And we take in the go meet this recruiter, and he had, I said, hello, buddy. And so I, I joined right. With the boys, right with them. And my mother had to sign the papers for me to join.


Oh, really? And she said, she said, and maybe this will be what you need. And it's during the height of the Vietnam War. That was in 1968. Man. It was, that war was rocking and rolling then. And so I went and showed all my teachers when I could finally cut my orders because the Marine Corps, a recruiter said, you know, we, we check your grades and this and that and the other thing, you know, and you know, we won't take you unless you're top notch and so forth. And so I thought, you know, probably not get in, but I'll do it anyhow. Well, I I coulda had no head. Nate have took me back during those days.


And so, so, you know, I I got accepted and there you go. That's, and You knew you were going to war, huh? You knew you were gonna go to war. Yeah, I thought I was. And then, you know, like, like the, like the idiots that young, young guys can be, you know, we all said, man, we hope it's not over until we get there and well, we got our wish. So, so you, you must have joined at what age? 17. I was 17, Yeah. 17 years old. Joined the Marine Corps to go to pin Vietnam. And what, what did you, what was your job description in the Marine Corps?


What did You say? Oh, three 11, buddy. Nice number. Familiar. Oh yeah, very familiar. Yeah. I was in oh three 11. Aggie was in oh three 11. Michael was in oh three 11. And so, and then crazy shit happens. You know, we come home, Aggie gets in a tussle at a par his mother owns, gets stabbed to death. So he never even went. And then me and Mike went, I went to Delta Company, 26 Marines we're in Kwang non province. And then Mike, he went to First Marine somewhere and, and I don't see him anymore.


And there we go. Well, it sounds like the Marine Corps was very transformative process for you and, and one 100% Give it a lot of credit. Yeah. You know, I, the one thing I'll say is, you know, it was, you know, they did more for me than I ever did for them. And everything I ever accomplished, ever accomplished. I'd have never done it without the Marine Corps because they gimme direction, they give me the importance of understanding, responsibility. They give me, you know, the fact that, you know, to believe in myself and that I can accomplish more than I ever dreamed possible.


And I always owe him for that. So how long was it from when you signed in, when you signed the documents that you went off to Vietnam? I signed the documents probably in April, maybe May, April, may. And then I went, I was inducted in in August and six months after August, Vietnam. Wow. Wow. So you went, basically, you went through basic training, your infantry school, three 11 school and then right to right the Theater.


There you go. How was bootcamp for you?


Basic training, let me tell you, I've had my helix mattress that they sent me to try for years now. And it's really helped me sleep through the night and feel energized the next morning. And that energy gives me enough strength to get through my busy days. There's no question. I know I'm sleeping better with my helix than with my old mattress. And it's helped my aches and pains and really improved my everyday life. Helix is an award-winning mattress brand, and they're recommended by many for improving sleep. They know everyone's unique and they can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences. So what are you waiting for? For an exclusive offer for my listeners, go to helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off site-wide, plus a free bedding bundle that includes a sheet set and a mattress protector with any luxe or elite mattress order. That's helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off site-wide. Plus a free bedding bundle that includes a sheet set and a mattress protector. With any luxe or elite mattress order helix sleep.com/ss,


you're doing all the right things to plan for your family's future savings accounts. Cutting back on spending. But what if the unexpected happens and you're no longer in the picture? A term life insurance policy could give your family more financial protection and Fabric by Gerber Life can help. Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done today. Made for busy parents like you all online and on your schedule, you could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. I know I'm always thinking about providing the best for my children and their future, and I know Fabric is helping me do just that. They have over 1,905 star reviews on Trustpilot with a rating of excellent. So why would you go with anybody else? Join the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to help protect their family. Apply toss minutes at mefa.com/sean, that's meet fabric.com/sean, MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


Well, bootcamp took me a while to get adjusted, but after a while I got adjusted, which is fine. You know, I mean, the food was great and I still remember that ice cold chocolate milk. Hmm. And you know, for me it was the food, the food of Paris Island was stuff up. And so, so I, you know, I I I, I liked it. I was able to, to do it and I I I would've been a rifle expert. I was a rifle sharp shooter and, and I was doing okay until I had like two rounds left and I had this drill in instructor sergeant Little, he said, why?


Says, you better even screw my air there. And it was pissed at me because I wasn't a What did your parents think about, and your siblings think about Vietnam? You going, Well, you know, my dad said he wished she could go in my place. And mom, mom, you know, you have to understand my parents, they were very different mom. My mother was, when she was a young girl, she was, she was beat a lot by her father and so forth. So she was abused and in that sense, and so she didn't have a lot of, she had a little love beat out of her.


So I, I remember when I, it was time for me to leave for, for, for, to catch the plane at Friendship Airport, which not Baltimore, Washington then. And I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd go to, to Friendship Airport. And before that I, I was out at that that night before and my mother comes in and she says, dad just got up and went to work. He didn't even say anything. No kidding. No. And then mom said, well, I'm going to, I'm going to the racetrack when Aunt Burt, don't get yourself killed. That was it. That was it. And off they went.


And so I called, called my brother, I mean, not my brother, my, my cousin. And he'd gimme a ride to the airport and they had, there's a lot of guys there. They had their girlfriends and sisters and family and mother signs and all this sort of thing. And it was me. It was just me. But see, the, the, the hell of it was, I was so I was ever used to. So I didn't, didn't bother me too much. And then to Pendleton. Holy shit. Yeah. So you got no sendoff from family?


No. Wow. Were you guys close at all? Family? Yeah. No, me and my brother. Where do you fall on the birth order? Oh, I'm first my brother, first born, brother second, then my little sister. And now they're all passed except for my little sister and me. And she and I are close, so That's good to hear. What's her name? Beverly. I mean, was there any communication when she got, did you write up letters or anything? Yeah, yeah. They, they'd write letters and mostly it would be my brother and, and my sister would write me letters and my buddies, some of them would.


And once in a while Paris would write me a letter, but not much. Wow. Well, let's talk about, let's move into Vietnam. What, what was it like landing there? Well, man, I tell you what, that place smelled different than any place I ever smelled in my life. It smelled like rot. So we spent our, our first night guarding the rear area and that, so it's just some, some place to put us, you know?


So they trucked us out to our unit and we, we were with Delta Company First Battalion 26 Marines, first platoon, second squad. And it got to, it got to my squad and we're in Kwang, nam Rice pads as far as you can see, right? And it was, It was, it was quite a place. I re I remember I, I got to, the guys were staying in a tent, a canvas tent. And so I had a, I had a bunk and a couple guys, I think it like a Marine Corps rifle squad.


It's about 12 guys. And there was, there was not 12 guys in the squad. There was like, it was like seven or yeah, seven and maybe even less because it was just the guys that were there and then us. And what happened is that they were ambushed a couple days before, you know, we, we were sent out there, we were sent there as me and a couple others were sent there as replacements for the guys that, that were killed in this ambush. So they were, they were, they were killed and there was four of 'em were killed.


One of 'em was seriously wounded and to a man that was all the senior guys. So the guy who was the, the, the, the senior man, this new squad leader had just turned 19 and had been to the Bush for six weeks. That was the most senior guy. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. What did you think about that? Well, at, at first I, you know, we were going out on our first night ambush, and I sat down and I, I, I mean, I went outside to hunt and we had this, we're at the very top of Hill one 90 and, you know, means it's a hill one 90, the number sits 190 feet above sea level.


So, so we're at the top of this. And right at the top was this old French fort there or this, this wall with shovels in it and stuff. So I guess the French were overrun there. And I sat on this wall and I kept, started thinking about how in the hell am I going to survive this? Because Army, navy, and Air Force, their tours are 12 months. Marine Corps is 13 months. I don't know shit from no about this place, the guy who I'm replacing, you know, I mean the, the, the guy who replaced the squad leader, you know, he don't know either, because I mean, he hadn't been here much longer than I do.


And so it, it didn't look good. So I, I started, I started, you know, I I I got scared for, for just a little, little bit. And then it, then it occurred to me that I probably wasn't going to survive it. I was going to die there. And I mean, it was, it was a hard thought at first, but then after you accept it, then nothing bothers you. Yeah. That's, you know, this, it's interesting that you say that 'cause it, and you're the only other person I've heard that articulated that.


And, and that's kind of the way not to inject my own experiences is irrelevant right now. But I mean, I, that's how I dealt with it too. I just always assumed I was already dead. And so it kind of took the fear out of it. Yeah. It ta it takes the fear totally out of it. And, but what it does though is you can do your job. Yep. You can do your job. And so that night we went on a first am first ambush.


So you, you had, you had come up with that mindset before any fighting had even started. Excuse Me. You had come up with that mindset Yeah. That you were already dead. Yeah. Before, yeah. You ever pulled a trigger before you were ever shot at Yeah. Before you ever saw anything. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I did. Wow. I didn because I, I've been in so many different types of situations, you know, and it just would just, you know, it's just, this is what it's going to be, you know? And, and so, so anyhow, so that's, that's the thought that I had. And the interesting thing is, is I'm friends with most of the guys in that squad.


There's seven of them that five, five of 'em. And, and, and most of 'em tell me the same story. No kidding. And they said, I never told anybody. I mean, the one, one guy who's is, is a squad leader, the guy that was a squad leader, he turned out to be marvelous. But he had the same thing he said, he said, how can you do your job if you worry about, you know, you worry about, you know, you, you, whether you're going to live or not. Right? And he says, that's just not your problem at the moment. Right. And, and the machine gunner, same thing.


You know, this guy's name is brand. He lives down in Austin, Texas. I love the guy. So, so anyhow, but none of us told each other No shit. Yeah. We just had that mindset. So, so anyhow, so we go out, we, we get a first ambush, we have a corpsman with us and then a sister squad. We're in a, we're just outside a village in a pagoda. And then what's a pagoda? Pagoda is, it's like a little religious place Okay. Where they have alters and stuff like that, as at least that's what we called 'em was pagodas.


And so, and then about a, a clicker, a couple clicks from us was another pagoda. And we had a sister squad set up there. And after we were set up one this ambush for maybe, maybe an, an an hour or 45 minutes or something, but it was before we did a first move, you know, 'cause we would go out, we'd set up an ambush, we'd, we'd do a, a wait a while, let it get good and dark. And then there'd be a first, and then there'd be first move and then we'd set someplace else, and then there'd be another move. And then we'd set in for the night. And the, the deal would be to move.


So you, nobody knows where you're at. So anyhow, that was, that was the thought. So this squad, our sister squad is in this, this other pagoda. And all of a sudden all hell breaks loose where they are. And we get the radio call that they, they sprung their ambush. They had a, a fucking VC or MVA come out of a spider hole and threw a, threw ACOM at this, This guy. And then it, he picked it up, went, threw it back, and it went off in his hand. Shit. Yeah. So, so he's pretty fucked up.


And so to get there with the, with the, the corpsman, 'cause they didn't have a corpsman with 'em. So we get there, we run through this, through this fucking race. Patty, you ever walk through a race patty? No. Well, I'll tell you what, the race pad's, the shittiest thing in the world to walk through, I think God put 'em there to say, don't walk here. So the, the, the mud would be like about a water, be like about maybe a couple of feet deep and then there might be a couple be a foot or deep or so. So you'd go down in it and it, every kind of vermin you can think of is crawling around in there.


So we're running through this race, Patty. I got my gear halfway on, halfway off. It's my first night in a bush. I don't know anyway that it ought to be. It's, it's choking me. It's magazines are choking me. I got 'em in like a band. Ero let you see in the old West, you know, but nobody was there to show me. Yeah, right. So, so we get there, This guy is, is is hurt horrifically not dead Arm gone side of his head, gone trying to check and Ida's not there with a hand that's not there.


I mean, it's crazy shit, you know, that you see, you see and war. And the squad leader is This guy named Blackwell. And he starts, he's, he's, he starts just standing in this rice batty and he's throw, he's throwing up and then he's just standing there and it's just helicopters. This is coming in, this few, he's coming in and it's gonna land right on him. So I see it, I run and grab him and push, push, push, push, push and misses him and Mrs. Me. And, but we hit a rice batty tike and go, and this, and he snaps him out of it.


And then, so I saved his ass and then saved my own ass. But so soon then, then we took him and they told us to go back out to, to different ambush place after This guy hunt gets taken back, you know, medevac back. And by the way, didn't, he didn't die. He, I seen him at a reunion. Yeah. No shit. Yeah. And so, so I take the, we, we, we sat in with his sister squad, which we weren't supposed to do it all, but we thought we'd, we'd get some sleep. So the next morning the sun breaks, nobody's answering the radios where we're, and, and, and a hell wore, what the fuck?


Her fired a 50 caliber machine gun, Uber. And Then we motor back and they threw the ass out. And that was my first night in the bush. Wow. I mean, So how did that, I mean, how did that experience sit with you? I mean, that's mission number one. You see a guy, well, gets his arm blown off, gets half his face blown off. You know, It didn't, It didn't, Didn't, didn't, didn't. Were you numb to it before it ever happened? No, pretty much. Yeah. Pretty much. But, but the, the, the, the thing was, the crazy thing was, is that those guys were the first family I had just that little bit of time I fell in love with those guys.


I mean, they were my brothers. I mean, it happened like boom, like that. So then to this day, I'm still close to 'em. I talk to 'em once a week, certainly once a month. And so your guys' mission set, your mission set was to go set up ambushes? That was it, yeah. How many ambushes do you think you set up? Well, not a lot not a lot. And I mean, I was, I was in the bush for a month and then I got wounded, and then I got wounded, but, and then I hit a hit a tricom Chinese communist grenade.


We call 'em chi comms. It was set up as a, as a a trap. And, and my buddy, oh, what the fuck's his name? Because this is my mind just went blank. But he, he will kill me. I forgot his fucking name. Well, we'll get there. We'll get there. Maybe It'll come back. Yeah. So anyhow, he steps over, he steps over a, a trip wire and I, I hit it and, and it, so it just, I caught sh strapping both legs and left elbow. And then I got medevaced out all the way to the Naval hospital in the Cousco.


So I was there for, for a couple of months or three, or I don't even remember. I don't even know how long. Let's, if it's okay, let's go, let's go. I want to get to that. Okay. And get a little more descriptive. But what, what were some of the other ambushes that you guys had done? We we're walking one ambush and Brownie sees all of a sudden where we're, we're at, we're going through this village. Right. And it just, it just just gotten dark. Right. And we're going through this village and two NVA soldiers, both with NVA rifles, black pajamas to all nine yards come running right at us.


He turns with his M 60 and takes 'em both out. I mean, and they were dancing like dolls. And so, yeah. So, and then that night, that night, and right then night, you know, I, we sweeped towards the area where we had the, the activity come from. And my place was, I was sweeping towards where there was the, the, the hos that I think that they came running out of. And I took a hand grenade and throw it right. And only it didn't go as far as I thought it was going to go.


And it landed it, but it landed on the other side of a rice paddy dyke facing away from us. So when it blew, it blew away from us. Right? This guy la and George, the squad leader, scared shit outta him. You know, he turned around and he go, did you just fucking throw that? And I said, yeah, I did. And they go, well, don't throw anymore tonight. And then, so the next day George tells me to don't throw any more hand grenades.


I said, do I still have to carry 'em? He says, fucking, they right. You gotta carry him. He says, just give 'em to somebody else to throw. And I said to him, suppose you're getting over and running. And he says, then you control. How were you guys moving around At night through that jungle? Well, where, where we were, the, the only time I went through the jungle was, was during the day because there was rice patties on one side. There's not a lot of, there's not a lot of jungle on rice patties. Okay. Located. And then the other side is where there was jungle and so forth. So, and I never, never spent, I spent some time there, but it was all during the day.


But it, it is mostly just, just quiet, quiet and being in the dark With seven guys, Well, seven and then 10, and then 12, and then, and then that sort of thing. And then, I mean, it's just, it's just so many things. Like the first night I was there, I shot a snake, you know, we would sweep and body count was a big thing. So we'd sweep through the rice patties and we put up illumination, you know, that comes down on them parachutes. And, and we'd look for bodies. So of course we didn't find any.


And because the Envi eight that we did kill, they always would have something around a piece of rope around her neck to be pulled away by somebody else. No shit. Yeah. So That's how they would collect their dead. Yeah, yeah. They would noose them. They would noose 'em and drag 'em through. Yep. Wow. So, so they, I mean, these guys, these guys have more stories than a hundred more stories than I do a hundred times. But I mean, so, so we start sweeping and I look and there's this big fucking snake in the water and swimming right towards me.


I mean, it's swimming right fucking towards me. Right. And it's my, it's my squad and this other squad. So, so we take in the, we take in this squad, squad is snake. And anyhow, so the snake's coming down and it just, when it's about two or three feet, 'cause I'm thinking, sure, it's gonna go left or right, right. This thing is coming, like, it's gonna bite me in the balls. Right. So I put my rifle on automatic and, and, and it, all this water comes flying up and it hits me in the fucking eyes.


And I'm movement and, and, and, and I, I look and I get my eyes cleared and I look left, left, right. Nobody's there. They're all into Water. Oh fuck. Well, I didn't hear the end of that forever. And then George, George was nice about it later. 'cause the next day he said, next time, don't shoot the snake. So, so anyhow, that was, that was that night. And so, just crazy shit that happened. I remember one time we were on a day patrol for some reason, another, the whole company's coming out and it is the day patrol where the whole platoon, it was pre it was, but me and two of me, Proctor and a guy named Pavlovic were sent to get water.


So we go into the village and they, we get water, right? So we go into the village, we got everybody's canteen, right? And so we, we go in and just, when we go to get water, we get, see this kid, he's coming out, he's got like one of these trays in front of him, like on like a small, like small cokes coming, the wooden trays. And he's got a burlap strap holding it up. And he's got burlap covering it. You know what he's got in there. I swear to God, you're not gonna believe it, you know, fucking believes me. And Proctor and the other thing are dead. So his, his fentanyl popsicles, he had fucking fentanyl popsicles.


He did. He did. And so I take, and, and we take, and before you know it, this kid had everything we had of value, bread, kids of bread, cigarettes. I mean, we're just eating one Popsicle after another. Right. Private love, which coast suppose, suppose these are poison. And then Proctor goes, who gives a fuck? Right? And so, so that, that's one of my happy, happy stories about the place. But crazy shit, crazy stuff. Did you get into any firefights? You know, the, the, the one that was the most was we, we surrounded this village, small village.


And, and, and it some, they, they figured out that there was a, a squad or part of a platoon of North Vietnamese in the village. And we caught 'em there during the day. And so, so, so we're in there and we're, we're on the side and a machine gun is the side deter us that, I mean, that, that we're at. And so Brownie is, is on a little knoll not too far from us. And George says, get the, gets you Parsons and what the fuck is Brian?


The guy's name is Bryant. He goes, you and Bryant run, run the, run the, the, the can of machine gun ammo over to Brownie. And so, so we, so we did. And then his fucking gun starts taking off, start shooting at us. We dive, we're laying against this dike and shooting over top of us. We get up, we get this stuff over to Brownie. And, and a funny stamp thing happened is I've thought about that at, at night, that day many, many times. And I, I cannot remember what happened.


No shit. And I, so I go to Reunion, I ask one of, one of the guys there said, do you remember what happened? Right? And he says, oh, we killed every fucking one of them. I said, did we? I said, I was there. Well, wasn't, I said, yeah, you were there. I said, anything unusual happen? No, I don't remember. I mean, I don't, it is like, it didn't happen. I remember giving the, giving the, the, the ga the ammo to Brandy and this kid Goodwin who was right wearing his egg on and no, that's it. Nothing. Nothing. No. Totally blocked it outta your memory. Totally. I'm just curious, I mean, did you, did that incident come up during any of your psychedelic journeys?


No, Never. No. No. Wow. Nope, nope. Didn't. And and that is the only, to the best of my knowledge, the only incident like that. And firefights exchanged rifle fire a couple times, but not a lot. I mean, I, I I seen like combat, I mean, compared to most guys, especially the guys who were up at a, the DMZ. And man, when I, when I got wounded, I think had about I proud, probably saved my life. Do you think he killed anybody that night? I don't know.


I mean, how would you know? Do your, I mean, I didn't, I didn I mean, they weren't close like me to you. Yeah, right. Or, or you know, I could, like when Prty took those two NVA out, I mean, they come. Yeah. I mean, I could see that, but I, I didn't do anything like that. Was that the first engagement when the two Vietnamese charged you guys? Is that the first engagement you've seen That? Yeah, I think so. No, no. It was one before that. What was the one before that? One Before that there was, there was a bunch, there was some va about maybe a football field or two away from us in the village.


And we started firing on and they firing that back and nobody got hit. And to the best of my knowledge, we never hit anybody. So the first time you saw Americans kill the enemy was when they charged you in that Village? No, there wasn't Americans. They, they were, they were NBA. That's what I mean. They were charging you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. What did that feel like for you? You know, I, in, in some ways it was exhilarating some ways it was To see it.


Yeah. I mean it was, I mean, I was, I was like part of the team. I mean, it was just, that was, I mean that, that that was it. I mean, I didn't do much for the team, but I was part of the team. Did you think much about it? No. Afterwards, no. Later on in life, No. And, you know, and, and it is, to be honest with you, the, the, the stuff that a lot, some of the stuff that, that I've seen that, that fucking rocked me was, was stuff that happened happened later.


I wasn't in combat, you know? I mean, it was, it was, it was just the, the, the whole idea of the war. And I mean, I, I remember seeing those, those two guys who looked like dolls, dead dolls, right? But they do, they, the, their legs were all contorted and shit. Where was this? It was the same, same episode. Oh, okay. Yeah. Hey, episode. Now if you're looking for a war hero brother, I ain't the guy. Well, I'm just fascinated in Vietnam. I mean that was, that was you guys and your generation. That was, that was what really inspired me to, to become a seal and, and go overseas, you know, for, oh, for my generation's.


Lord Vietnam be me. So I just have a ton of respect for Vietnam vets. Yep. Yeah. I, so I, I got, I got a hell of a story. What wish? You ready? You wanna take a break or Whatever? Yeah. Let's go into, let's, let's, let's start where you got wounded. 'cause you're a Purple Heart Vietnam recipient. Yeah, so I, I, I go to one, one of, one of the things I have, I, I've got, I've got a good memory, which is unusual me, but not remembering anything on that. At that time when me and Brian were running, running and I'm over, I, I, I remember, I remember they, they carried me back and they could, they couldn't get a, the, the, yeah.


I, another, another, another night I had a, a guy got wounded, hit a point, man hit a trap that was walking on a rice batty dyke. Right. And I helped, helped carry him back. And, and the reason we had to carry him back is, is 'cause he was just, his legs were hurt. And, and he, his, his legs were hurt. And, and he was obviously going to live. And the war, business of the war was really good some other place. And all the choppers were, were busy. At least. At least that's what I was told and was when I was wounded, it's the same thing happened, right? Only I wasn't walking on a, on a dike.


I was walking on a path through a village. So, so I take and get a, they get me to this, to this road and there's these two, two guys in a road and it, they got me, they just shoot me full of morphine, I think it was. And I mean, I didn't give a fuck about anything. And 1, 1, 1, 1 interesting thing before that, which is a fun story where that I take and I, I get sent back 'cause I, I, I got the cut and some barbed wire or something.


I cut all my fucking fatigues up. I only had one pair. So to, so the company gunny sent me back to the rear that day. And he said to get a whole new set of fatigues and to get, to get a haircut and then come on back, a Hair cut. Yeah, it did. I got had that Get it, I get it all cut. So, so I take in, I, I I, I go back, I get my hair cut and then I, I go to where the fatigues are and there's these tubes rear area guys, or where starch fatigues. And it's this big warehouse. And I said, I'm, I'm here to get some fatigues.


And they said, well, you need a chi signed by the colonel. I said, well, where's the colonel? Said, well, he's up in thong ha which is hundreds miles north. And I said, well, I, I, I gotta go back to the bush and, you know, and these are all ripped up. So they said, you know, brother, that's this. They'll hang us if we give 'em to you. Said we can't. So, so finally after, you know, it was useless arguing with those guys. I start walking back and I start walking back and I go through this area where there's Quonset huts. Well, it must have been there. One of 'em was there in one of the Quonset huts. Like it, I opened a quo, I opened a door up and I go in and it's, it's like fucking candy land in there.


So I take and open one of the lockers and it's got, it's got a brand new set of fatigues in it. I I try 'em on and they fit me. I take mine off, put 'em on a hanger, hang them in there. And then I go ahead and I, I look on one of the mattresses is it's a rubber lady and an air mattress. An air mat, not a rubber lady. Like you get at the, at the bed shop, you know, just the rubber lady. So, so I take an, take all the air out of it and then put it under my arm. And then I take and start with all my new pockets.


I start stuffing Marlboros and Winston's in it because those motherfuckers would take all the Marlboros and Winston's and they'd send us out like l and s and Sams and Kents and nasty ass cigarettes, all the Shit. So I, I go back and these guys are saying, where the fuck you get that? I said, nevermind. I just got it. So I gave him some cigarettes and so forth. And I blew that, blew that rubber lady up. And, and so I only slept and had it for like two days and then I got wounded. So I'm, I'm going away. And the case says, Hey Parsons, who's go? Who gets your rubber lady?


I said, you guys decide. Nice. So let's talk, let's talk about the day that you got wounded is, is in as much detail as you can remember. Alright, well, the thing I remember the most is these guys driving me with no headlights on through these, these dirt roads, right to the, to get to the field hospital. And they were, they had some country western music going. I remember that ever singing. They were, I thought they were fucking loaded and I didn't really give a shit. But, you know, they were, you know, long as they were there taking me.


So they take me, they take me to the, to the field hospital and immediately cut all my clothes off. And then they, they do a triage and you know, they, I guess they determined, you know, I was not serious, seriously wounded. And, and then they put me inside this big tent. I mean, and it was cold as shit. I mean, it was so cold in that tent. And because it was going from outside, it was like, like 80, 90 degrees inside. 60 70. So I remember they kept moving.


I was, I was laying on a, a a, just a, a canvas cot. And it kept moving it closer, closer. And it had all these buckets of water. And they put me on, put me on this, this x-ray machine. 'cause I was wondering what the water was for. And when they took me off the x-ray machine, they washed it off. And then next thing I know I was in surgery and I don't remember anything after that. Then next morning I wake up, bed is soaked, pissed all over it. And a corman says, don't worry, brother, you just, he was just so busy, we didn't have time to put a catheter in you.


And so I put one in me and then changed sheets and the, and then a colonel come over and said, congratulations, he purple heart. Wow. And and the actual, the actual operation, the, the, the ambush that you were on, could you, can you describe how you were wounded again? Yeah. I had a trip wire, hit a trip wire, hit a trip wire. It was on the left side of me. And it caught my, the shrapnel here and in my, my left elbow. And I remember the surgeon saying, you know, you had a piece of big piece of shrine milk, go into the joint and didn't damage it.


Wow. So I was lucky. I mean, I was lucky as I can be. Were You conscious the entire time? No. When it, a little bit, just little Bit for the explosion. Oh, oh, the explosion. Yeah. I was conscious. So most of the time I didn't, I didn't go out. I, I just, I just remember when that fucking thing went off and I went down on the ground. I said to the, I turned it, it says George. 'cause I was, I was learning to walk point then. And, and so Bryant was walking first, I was walking second and he, I said, Jesus Christ, it fucking hurts.


And then, and then it, it didn't so much. And then it did, and then, and then they shot me with, with morphine and then so forth. I, I didn't, didn't hear it so much. I seen it, you know, it didn't know what happened at first, you know, disoriented. Totally. Did you think you were gonna die? No. You knew you would live. Yeah. I thought I would thought, thought I fucking would. Oh god. And the guys, the guys always got pissed and he started fucking putting a zippo to this village. And he says they got a George George squad leader got in a little bit of trouble for that.


And he said he was in trouble. And then the North Vietnamese had a big push through the area that, that we were in. I wasn't in it no more, but he were, we were in, and he, he forgave him. 'cause he was, he was a good fucking marine. Jesus Christ. He was good. Like about a, a couple days after they set up on this set up on this bank in these reeds, and they seen a squad, NVA come through and started coming out and started coming outta the water.


They opened up on 'em, they killed them all. And then they were ordered by our captain, captain Moorhead. They go all the way down to, to go about a mile or two outta sight and then turn around and go, you know, a couple clicks in, then come all the way back and reset up in the same spot. And they did. And when they did, they, an hour or two later, the company, the rest of the company came through. And of course these guys being the fucking knuckleheads as they were, opened up on all of them. And, and they said, George Davis fucking hell fight went on all night.


Damn. And they was fucking, gunship was going around the fucking, you know, and when the sun's shown, he says there was bodies everywhere and where there weren't bodies, they weren drag marks, you know? And Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Bob, let's take a quick break and then when we come back, we'll talk about your coming home. We'll talk, we gotta talk about the hospital first. All right, we'll, we'll pick up at the hospital. There you go, buddy. Perfect.


My business has a lot of moving pieces, and with that, it's easy to lose track of all the subscriptions I'm being charged for. Digging through them is a pain thanks to Rocket Money. I found out I was actually paying for some that I wanted to cancel, but I forgot all about them. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts and lets you easily create a personalized budget. And the new goals feature automatically saves money for you. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They'll deal with customer service so you don't have to. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash ss today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash ss Rocket Money dot com slash ss.


Ask 10 people to define the word capitalism. This subject comes up all the time, but do you know what it means? Find out with Understanding Capitalism. A free online course from Hillsdale College. They offer more than 40 free online courses. You can learn about the United States Constitution or even the history of the ancient Christian Church. Hillsdale recently launched a new course Understanding Capitalism that I've been watching. In seven lectures, you'll learn about the role of profit and loss. How human nature plays a role in our economic system. Why capitalism depends on private property rights, the rule of law, and above all freedom. I believe all Americans should learn more about economics. Understanding these concepts can make you more informed and even help you grow your own business. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism, there's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss To enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss,


My partner, the award-winning Precious Metals Company Gold Co. Has a special offer for you right now. You can get a free gold and silver kit. You'll learn about how gold and silver can help you protect your retirement savings. On top of that, you could get unlimited free bonus silver if you qualify. That's right, is a special offer for being a supporter of my show. You could get unlimited free silver when you open a qualified account. So don't wait. The sky is the limit with everything happening in the world today, it's time to learn about gold and silver. Get your free gold and silver kit from my partners at Gold Code today. Are your savings protected? Do you have a hedge against market risk and uncertainty? Learn why gold has been breaking record after record. I believe there's no better time to get your free gold and silver kit. Go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com. Our


All right, Bob, we're back from the break. We're picking up at the hospital. Yep. Well, I'm back at the hospital and I think you think about a military hospital in wartime, you see a lot of, a lot of fucked up dudes, boy, and ah, man, it's just really, really screwed up. And seeing this young kid was a Marine Corps Marine Recon.


Recon, and he was out on some long distance alert, they called it or something like that. Long distance Reconnaissance. Reconnaissance, yeah. And he hit a, a bouncing bed. You know, his, it's the only time I've, I've, I've heard of one or heard of anybody hitting one, but I heard about him all the time, but never actually anybody, you know, falling victim. But that's what he felt a victim too. And, you know, bouncing petty, it's, it's a rocket on the inside, a pressure plate.


You tread on it as soon as you tread on it, as soon as the weight goes off, that rocket's coming up and it's, you know, I mean, you're fucked. That's just, that's yeah. The order has to it. And it blew his, blew his ass off. And he was, he was completely paralyzed. And the guys would take turns, he was sandwiched between two boards and a device that had a, you know, a opening for his groin and this was his tail.


And we would take turns turning comic book pages for him. And I felt so sorry for that guy. And I mean, and, and, and other stuff you'd see, you know, it's just so fucked up. Thing, thing I remember the hardest, one of the, the hardest thing is, you know, about that. I mean that, that what, whatever brought the war home that did, I mean, you know, he spent some time in a military hospital, you'll Yeah. You'll see. And Hmm. Navy lost my payroll records, so I couldn't go off base.


I used to say to some of the guys, I had to have some civilian clothes and some money to go off base and I'd say, can you loan me some money and, and your, and so I could go on Liberty. He says, I like you man, but not that much. Oh God, Geez. You know, I read, I read somewhere or maybe I saw it on an interview. I can't remember that. Did you think that you had a guardian angel? I did. I did. Why did you think that? So many, so many things happened that I just, that I come out.


Okay. Like another time we were in a firefight in a village, right? Again, nobody's hat, nobody's in anything. Me and his, his dude named Pavlovich. We, we go into this hooch to searching for Christ knows what, and in there is one of these little tables, and it is long table. It's about maybe four feet, five feet, four feet tall. And on it is a bowl, one bowl. And in the bowl was a, an un detonated tonk around from the night before when we had This guy named Cook and Cook was one of these guys go to jail or join the Marine Corps for stealing cars.


And so he, you know, it's back on the Marine Corps, it was doing what it could to, you know, fill the, fill the ranks. And so anyhow, he fired. It didn't go off somehow, somehow landed there. But our boy Pavlovich moved his fat ass and tipped the bowl. And, and they had this wooden floor put in, I mean small, this kind of a crappy wooden floor on the altar. And this thing hit the hit, the wood didn't explode. Motherfucker. Now that got my attention.


Yeah. So I go outside and I go, there's no way I'm going back in there. Period. And so Cook goes back in there and they used to, used to have, on the helmet, they'd have these big black rubber bands, straight pieces of rubber. And they would keep bug repellent bug juice in them, right? Well cook put the dud m what's it MM 79. Holy shit. He put an, he put an, an unexploded round. Yeah, it was M 79. Yeah, yeah, it was M 79. Yeah. So he puts the M 79 round in it and we're walking back and you could see he's got, you got about 3, 2, 3 guys.


And then one guy walks you watching him and he's back about maybe 20 yards. And then 20 yards the next closest guy. And he is walking with this thing on his head. I kept waiting for his head to just, Holy shit. He made it, he made it what the rest of the time when that damn thing. Oh fuck. Yeah. Wow. Well, let's talk about, I mean, I, I am curious, I mean, did is there, is there, do you feel like you had a relationship with the guardian angel?


I did. I did and I still do. And you know, it's just, it is just the stuff I've come out of, like for example, for example, I'll give you this, okay? I'm in Okinawa and, and I, I get, I get sent to Okinawa to get processed back to back to Vietnam, back to the unit. And it has been a couple of months, or maybe three months it been, and I, I really don't know. But if it was around then, okay, so I take and get to be this doctor there got to be friendly with me.


I thought he was a good dude. And so, so when I got to the point where all my wounds were healed, I said to him, I went and I said, doc, I'm ready to go back, you know? And he said, you ready to go back? He says, Paron, you don't have to go back. He says, I'll keep you here for the rest of the war. And I said, no, I want to go back. I wanna be with those guys. I mean they, if they were my family, right? I loved them more than I ever loved us. They loved a lot of my, I mean, we, we were closer even though it was just a month.


So, so he said, okay. And he, he signed, signed off. And the day that my orders come through to leave for the next day, our payroll record showed up. Our payroll record showed up. And so they said, go off base, enjoy yourself. And they might have given me seven, 800, I don't know how much they gave the, might might have been, might as well been, you know, 20,000, you know, Okinawa beer was the dollar, you know, it's just, do anything you want. I mean, it's just a lot of money.


So I, I take in, I I, you might have figured out by now, I'm never much of a rule follower. Yeah. Have you figured that out? I'm figuring that Out. Okay. Alright. So I go, I, I go off base. I'm supposed to be back at midnight. It's about three in the morning. And I'm walking down the street and it's, it's, it's raining like hell. It's almost coming down sideways. And there's a guy walking back up the other way, coming right towards me.


It's Backwell, it's that guy I saved during the first night. Are You Serious? Dead serious. And he told me that was his third heart and he didn't have to go back. So he was in G two, which is orders and all that sort of stuff, intelligence. And he, he said, I can get you, we, we, the guy that that runs this little printing, printing press and goes back and forth and delivers orders. I can get you that job. He says, 'cause the company gunny and I are tight. And he said, and you know, by then I think he was staff sergeant and he says, I'll, I'll I I'll get it done.


And he says, when do you go back? And I said, I'm, he says seven o'clock tomorrow morning. And this is like three in the morning. He says, I don't think I can all I can get it done that soon. And I, I said, brother, that's okay. That's okay. 'cause I was kinda looking forward to seeing the guys. Anyhow. So, you know, we part, I tell him where I'm at, so forth. We part and, and he goes this way. I go mine and I Go back immediately get arrested. They take me to the officer today and the officer today, he goes, you know, he is this young second lieutenant's got the shit jobs look talking to butt heads like me.


And he's going, why can't you be Pac? And I said, I'm going back. I was in Vietnam and I always wanted to, I gotta go back tomorrow. And I lost track of time. And, and he goes, get him the fuck outta here. So they take me back and I fall asleep. I slept for maybe an hour and then I fall asleep with the fall out with the hangover from P Jesus l And then I had orders the station and me black, black wall got it done. Wow. Yeah. I mean that happened. I mean, to me that's, we're like the fifth grade. I mean, it just repeatedly have happened like that.


And I, I think my angel's there Still to this day. Yeah, I think so. I think hopefully I, I'll I'll meet, I'll meet him or her or it, and it'd be kind of nice one day. I know whenever I meet her, he is gonna look more exhausted than I do. Oh man. I get fixtures just going, fuck, I was gonna take the night off. Let's talk about coming home.


Coming home, coming home was, was hard. And I'll tell you, tell you what, what I did when I had just about two months left, they disbanded my unit I was with and ninth, ninth Marine amphibious brigade and marched them, marched, didn't send them home, sent the guys in it that were, that were coming in. The new guys transferred 'em all to that unit and they all went over to Vietnam. Right. And, and this unit, the guys coming home, they put 'em in this unit and they brought it home.


So this, it was like they brought it home, but it didn't, it was, it was a farce. Did, did you follow me there? Yeah. Okay. So, so I take in, I get sent over to the, I I get sent over for processing where I get to get processed to go back, back to Vietnam. Now, I didn't want to go back then. And the reason I didn't want to go back then is 'cause I had been in touch with the guys. I had, I had seen them. They were on a, a helicopter ship, just offside, barrier island.


And they, you know, I, I, I told 'em, I said, guys, I, I, I had put two, two requests to, to, to go back, to transfer, to leave this unit that I was in because I wanted to be with, I wanted to be with him so fucking bad. And, and Blackwell left. He said he left. And he says, I says, why, why? He says, I says goodbye. I said, you're going home? He says, yeah, I wish. He says, I'm, I'm going to go back. And he says, I can't stand it here. He says, at least I understand it there, I'll see you buddy. And so, so anyhow, I taken both times my, the gun company gunny that he told me about my, my request to transfer, got approved by everybody and gets to him.


He calls me, his office rips it up. So she gets herself killed and never got approved. And so I was getting ready to, to go back, but I didn't wanna be with a bunch of new guys. I wanna be with them, right? So I I, I'm in the processing area and this place is like a zoo and it is one lieutenant, first lieutenant. And then he running around like he don't know what's going on. So I go over to him, I said, Lieutenant, hi, I can do this job. You need some help here and da da da. I said, you know, and I'm gonna rotate a couple months anyhow.


And he said, alright, we got the job. He said, where's your id? And I give it to him. He says, can I get it all taken care of? So I went right away and started processing guys. And what I would do was I would take guys and put 'em on planes that were coming back and, and so they could go home and guys that were coming there, I would confirm their units. And one of the things that bothered me so much is I would, I would see these guys that were like assigned to ninth Marines and guys going up around the Z and, and you know, it's just, I mean, there was no place there that was, was a walk in a park for the Marine Corps.


But, but there was some places that were much worse. And, and, and, and while I wasn't that much older than these guys, if I was older than them at all, you know, I, I had the experience, which aged me a bit. And I also, from being intelligence and, and, and knowing what, what was actually going on there, I would, I would just look at these guys and I'd feel terrible. I mean, I would feel terrible 'cause I, I, you know, they had to these little tinge, you know, where they're little excited and so forth and they're walking straight into fucking hell, man.


Yeah. So I remember that. And then I, I time went up and I went home. And then when we went home, it was a different place, different place than when we left. When we left. When, I mean, People were starting as They were a little uncertain about the war, but they weren't like they were when we came home. There wasn't anybody take that out when the guys coming home throwing shit and with signs and, and names and Nazi murderer, right.


Drug addict and yeah. Ironic, you know, fucking in I war crap corner, us drug addicts, those was fucking dope addicts and on and on and on and, and, and baby killer. Don't forget baby killer. And then on and on. So I mean, you know, it's just, and then those of us that weren't confronted with that, we see it on news anyhow. So, you know, it just, it's just, it's just Feel like your soul coming outta your chest. Yeah. And you know, at the time I knew it bothered me, but I didn't think it bothered me to the extent that it didn't, you know, because I got to the point where I had people come up to me and they'd say, Hey, weren't you in the Marine Corps in Vietnam, Sean?


I start crying. That's when you fucked up. And so, and then one of the things that that I found, I was doing, I was doing a book and I, I took some mushrooms, psychic mushrooms when I was, was working on the book. And I had a flashback. I had a flashback baby. And it was a flashback, not to Vietnam, but to when I was in troop processing, I Seeing those guys, I made it bother me to the core.


And, and I, you know, well, you know, I'll never say I'm don't, haven't cried. I have, but I never cried like that. And then I don't cry over it again since I mean it, it purged me somewhat. So, so anyhow. And then, then, then I just went to, went to work in a steel mill, shoveled steel. And it, it was a hard job. And then, then I got another job, applied for job as his apprentice, machinist apprentice.


And This guy, they set me up to hire, was, was this old guy named Roy That it was with the union so long that he had, you know, he had tenure, he couldn't, couldn't be fired no matter what. And, and, and the guy wouldn't talk to me, wouldn't talk to me. And you know, I'd say anything to him, say, leave me alone. And he would set his machine up every day. So he was running this huge turnt lathe, right? So he was making milling down these lathes for, for ships sea going liners right. To do propeller shafts. And he would, so he'd come all the way up, but never touch it.


Just go back and forth, back and forth. And my job was to help him. And, and so after, after a couple months of this, I went to, I seen an ad by the University of Baltimore where I could go there with the GI bill and I didn't have to, didn't have to take any of the entrance exams. My high school grades didn't matter. I mean, I couldn't have got into Harvard with, with ar. So, so I, I I went to the University of Baltimore.


I, I go into the registrar's office and I said to him, I said, I wanna register for college. He said, what do you wanna major in? I don't know. I said, well, my, you know, nobody in my family went to college. So I, I went, he says, go see this counselor. And I didn't, it was a huge line to see This guy. I'd about have been just getting to see him today if I got into it. I mean, I never got to see him. And so I went back and the guy, the register's office says, you can, you can, if, if, if you can sign a, a waiver, you can pick your own major.


I said, why didn't you tell me that? I said, you have a list of majors. He gave me a book, I opened it up, first one accounting. I said, what's accounting? He said, well, do you like numbers? I said, yeah. He says, you go at math. I matheson reasonably says you're interested in the business. Yeah. He says, you should make sure in accounting. So that's what I did. And you know, had I opened it up backwards, had to zoologist and I said to him, sure. And I got to be a very fortuitous choice 'cause I loved it. And it was, you know, very solitary. I liked that.


And I, I graduated magnum laude. Wow. I'm now one of the school's biggest benefactors. Wow. He just me, Man. What a curve. Yeah. What a curve. So I did that and I went to yeah. Went to What was it like for you in school as a combat veteran at that time? You didn't talk about it, You didn't want anybody to know? No, no. It wasn't that you didn't want anybody to know.


You just didn't talk about it. Nobody asked about it. Did you stay close with your guys that you had served with? Yeah, Many of them live close. No, no. I mean, they live in, one guy lives in New Hampshire. Another guy lives in a mountains of Pennsylvania. He was the other guy that hit the trap. He lives in the mountains of Pennsylvania. Another guy, two of 'em live in Florida, another one lives in Iowa. And Brownie, brownie there rascal. He's, he's lives in Austin.


How'd you, I mean, how did you get through it sounds like that was, that was the hardest part for you coming home Was, And so, you know, there's a lot of veterans today that are dealing with similar issues and can't fit back into society. How'd you get through it? Well, the thing I, the thing I did was I, I worked hard and I buried myself in my work. You know, everybody that has any degree of PTSD self-medicate in some way, shape or form.


I think they do. And, and my self-medication was always my work and my studies. So I to turn, turn things around when I was in, in, in college. And then when I eventually I worked for a, a, a, a firm, that firm, that commercial credit leasing corp worked for them. And they would send me to schedule the assets of companies they were looking to buy.


And then I'd, I'd schedule the assets, schedule the leases, and then come home. And this was, this was in the seventies. And what I, what I did one day went another day. Another fortuitous thing was they had, I had, I, I was looking at this, this company in Redwood City, California. And I was going to Get, get, get my work done. And I had a 12 over 12 hour layover until I was, was going to, had to catch a flight.


And so I, I wound up on a Stanford campus and I went to the bookstore and I bought a book on, had a program in the basic computer language. And I bought it and went to the airport. I, matter of fact, I first, I went to Fisherman's Wharf and looked at a, looked at a, at a charcoal and showed this little Chinese kid lighting the firework and a bunch of other kids standing by some older kids holding their hands over the little kids' ears.


And it said, oh, grima, you know, it's just wonderful. The guy just caught it, artist named Y Ming. And I asked the guy, the guy said to me, he said, you know this about and so forth. I said, how much is it? He said, 10,000 and how many might well have been 10 million. And so I said, see you later. And by the way, I, when I, when I, I did the deal on Parsons technology, I bought that painting. No kidding. I tracked it down, baby, where is it? I have it in my bedroom and I I see it every day. Nice. Yeah. And only I, I bought an i, the, the original is now in a, in a museum I bought an artist's lithograph or so forth, which is, I'm told the best you can get.


And it didn't cost nearly 10 grand, but that the memory is what matters. Yeah, Yeah. So, so anyhow, so I, I read the book or the salient parts of the book while I was waiting and wrote my first couple programs on the way back. And based on that book, I taught myself how to program. And I eventually switched to the Pascal language, sold my Happle computer, and, and bought a IBM and then started my first business, which was called Parsis Technology. Wow. Just going back, you had mentioned everybody with PTSD self medicates one way or another.


I think so How were you self-medicating? I buried myself in my work. No drugs, no, no antidepressants, booze, no, none of that. Just work, baby work. And then when I first started getting Parsons technology off the ground, I, I, I wrote, I wrote the code for a, a program that would take care of home finances. I call it money counts. And it, it got to be pretty good. And, and then I, I, I quit my job. I was, I was working, was working, started this leasing division for this company.


And I, I i, if I had stayed there, this was like November, no, October. Had I stayed there through the end of the year, I'd have got $50,000, would've got a bonus, I quit. And the reason I quit was I knew, I figured I could just had just enough time. If I worked hard to write a tax tax software program, do a 10 40 and I got it done. But to get it done, I would work 60 hour shifts. I would come in to work, let's say 8:00 AM Monday morning, worked 8:00 AM Tuesday morning, 8:00 AM Wednesday morning, and then work half a day.


And what say half a day? I meant half a day. Yeah. Yeah. And, and then would, would I, I would know I needed to stop by the, the reason I needed to stop was 'cause I started to hallucinate. I love see a, a dragon walk across my desk. Holy shit. So you buried yourself in work, started a technology company. I mean, I th I think a lot of people, just from my generation, I, I feel like entrepreneurship is a, I mean, I feel like it's the only segue, you know, to really bury yourself into and into kind of leave the, what am I trying to say here?


You have to be willing to, for me, myself, a Navy SEAL, a CIA contractor. That's just some shit that I did. And it took me a long time to, to, I mean, people expect a certain body style, a certain attitude, a certain demeanor, you know, when you are in those type of communities and war fighting communities. And, and it's almost like a fucking trap that, that you're in. And it wasn't until, it wasn't until that I had discovered entrepreneurship and started doing what I love. Like you were saying at the very beginning, that I started getting better and I started putting more importance on what I'm building rather than the past.


And, and, and eventually coming into the realization that I, I'm not a seal, I'm not a ca contractor. That's just some shit that I did. And this is who I am now. And I mean, did you, did you find that when you became an entrepreneur? Yeah, for sure. For sure. I mean, that was the only thing I was interested. I talked about, I mean, I don't think I owned a Marine Corps cap. I mean any, anything like that. And not that I, I denied it. I didn't, yeah. You know, if somebody's wanted to talk to me about it, I'd talk to 'em about it. But that wasn't going to, you know, take care of my family, put 'em where they needed to be and, and, and so forth, forth.


To me, that was the only way. What got you interested in coding was this a random book on a shelf and you just decided, hey, I'm going to take a peek at this. Yep. Especially back when did you say the seventies? 75. Wow. So you b you buy a book on coding, you read it, you work three and a half days a week, and then you build this entire empire Eventually. Yeah. How long did it take you to get traction on, on your business, On parcel technology? That first year?


I did the tech software In one year. One year? Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I was doing it for a couple of three years before that. 'cause it took a while to, to, to build it and know how I wanted to do it and what I wanted to do for the software to be right. You know, and, you know, it couldn't be buggy and, and on and on. It couldn't be, I couldn't make my lemonade with vinegar anymore. Right. Yeah. So, so anyhow, all those things, you know, I I, I just, I needed to have things just so you know. And so it took about three years, three years for that.


And so that third year when I got the tax software done, I made two, I made quarter million dollars that year. I'd never seen that kind of money in my life. Quarter million, I mean, yeah, $257,000. Wow. The next year I made two and a half million. The next year I made five. Next year I made seven. I mean, and then it just, I mean, I've never missed too much since. How did you get it out there? It was, was it just you? Yeah, It was just you. It was just you and my wife. So you built it, how did you Magazine ads.


You bought magazine ads? Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah, I was spending, early on, I was spending 55,000 a month on advertising. You know, How early on, Well this is my third year. I mean, your ads, your GoDaddy ads were phenomenal. You know? Did you come up with those? Yeah, me, well, me and me and a group of other people together.


Yeah, together. So you got a knack for marketing and advertising as well? More that than anything. What was the first ad? The first ad? Yeah. For, for what? For Parsons Technologies. Okay. Yeah. First ad, and lemme tell you how I bought it. Okay? I'm in the basement and this is, I'm still working the other job. And I have this magazine call me and they say, now one of the things I always did always pay my bills, always paid them. And they said, I taken, lemme see, lemme see, okay.


They called me and it is called a computer bargain line out of Fort Dodge, Iowa. And this was a rag, I mean, one of them little rags who looked like a magazine cover, I mean a cheap magazine cover. And inside it'd be like print, like newsprint. And it had different stuff for sale. It's cheap. All sorts of deals. Right? And, and that's, that's what it was. So, so they, they said, we have on the outside front cover, we've got that ad. It's normally like 12,000, $14,000. If you can get me creative in a couple of three days, it's, it's $5,000 Now.


So they thought I had money, I never had the money. So I took it and I says, I'll let you know in the morning. So I looked at it and I called my wife and I said, I just got a feeling that this could be, this could be it. So I said, let's do it. And I said, and if, if it turns out it bust, 'cause every had I ever had run up to that point was a bust. So we, we decided to do it and I pay, get in that local ad firm and they do an ad and I sold my software. I I had sold it for like $99, $79, 69, on and on and on and on.


Now I've sewn it for 12 bucks on it. Said tall box and, and then said, no shipping, no, no, it's not copy protected. Remember copy protection. He said, it's not copy protected. It's, it is not, it's not not copy protected. It's, it's, it's, you know, just used to have agreements that you had to be part of. If you used it, that would, would signal that, that, you know, you could only use it like a bulk. You, you, you couldn't make copies and give it to people on and on and on.


I said, in mine, you do any guy, anything you want, just send me 12 bucks. Right. So the ad said money counts, but it only costs $12. Send it Blew it out of the water. Right? Well, first couple days, I mean, after the magazine come out, there wasn't anything. And then there wasn't anything. And then there was, you know, half dozen orders, then a dozen. And then you ever see these ads where you see the mailboxes stuff, which orders and checks. That's the way it looked. And then there was a box, he had to set a box next to it. And so, oh my God, I think I made 20 grand on that ad.


And then I took my, my wife and I and the kids, we took and did the mailing and we broke every direct mail order. It was just mailed place. Had that ad printed up and mailed it to everybody on that ever inquired a census that we got a 30% return. Wow. So then I, I, I took in, I think I added a $3 shipping charge, didn't matter. Then I added, I made it $16 instead of 12 and made the shipping charge $5 and left it that way for a couple years. And, and I, I would get big ads made up and all the big, big magazines.


And that's how Parsons technology made it. How Long was it before with Parsons Technologies? How long was it before you started hiring people? It was right after right? Right after I quit my job. Right after quit my job actually before that a little bit. And my wife would have some of the, the, the neighbor ladies would help her, and they'd all be down there taking orders and, and they'd all have their hair and curlers dungeon. But it was, it was, they did a good job. And, you know, they, you know, they were happy.


They made some money. I was happy I was launching this company. And then eventually, eventually I had, oh my God, I, I had thousand employees and Holy shit. Yeah. A thousand employees. Yeah. It might, it might have been 500. You know, I, it, it's, I have to think about it. And then you, you sold it? I sold it to Intuit, my wife and I, we got together, we decided we would sell it for, for 40 million if we were ever offered it.


And Intuit offered me 60. I knew enough to tell 'em I was insulted, and, but most I could get 'em up to was 64. So I sold it for 64 million. Wow. And in what timeframe? 10 years. 10 years. I started it in 84. Sold it in 94. Well, I mean, where did you, where did you learn your business since just comes naturally to you selling Lemonade, Selling lemonade? You know, it's just from, just, just working, trying to make a living.


How, how long, how long was it after you sold Parsons Technologies that you started GoDaddy? 90 95, 9 6. What timeframe is that? Between, between the two? A couple years. Just a couple years? Yeah. What was the inspiration for GoDaddy? Well, really there was none. This sounds crazy. What, what happened was when I, when I, I did, did the deal with parts of technology after that, my wife didn't wanna be married anymore.


And to be honest with her, I, I wouldn't be married to me anymore either. So she finally, she, she took off, she could, and then she fucking boom in my ass. So I moved, I moved to Phoenix or Scottsdale so I could, I could work and, and, you know, I, I just, I had a non-compete assigned I had to honor, and only their non-compete was I couldn't work, period. So I, I honored it. And when that thing came, came due, came up, I just started, started working and started, started my own job, started, you know, to start a company.


And, and I, I like being in the, in the hunt. I like being out in the business stream. I like doing stuff. I like being active and like having a cell on the line. Right. And You liked the risk? Yeah. Yeah, I liked that. I liked that. And so, and I, I liked the risk, but not too much risk. So I started, started that. And at the time, I didn't know what I wanted to do, but I knew the internet was going to be something. I knew that was going to be an area where There was gonna be opportunity.


So, so what I did was I didn't know what I wanted to do. I didn't know exactly what, so I hired about maybe 10 or 15 people. And, and we tried, we tried a bunch of things. I named, I named the company Joe Max Technologies, believe it or not, after a dirt road. Now, why did I name it after a dirt road? Name Didn't matter. We didn't do anything. I would send people to, they would go to the, to a business meeting at the Chamber of Commerce, and people would ask me, what do you do? And they said, we don't know yet. And they said, you know, I have never talked to anybody that don't know what they do.


And so, Who did you hire? I mean, if you didn't know what you wanted to do, and you just knew that you wanted to be in the internet business at some capacity at, do you even know who to look for? Well, I just, I just would look for people that were looking for work. Any particular job description or Not really? Not really. I mean, people that knew knew a little bit about tech and that sort of thing. And, and you know, they, they were, they were the people that I hired, and some of 'em actually were with me till the last day. Not many of 'em, but some of them. And so, so I went ahead and we tried all sorts of things.


We tried by building intranets, extranets. We tried doing education, we tried selling other people's software, tried selling hardware. None of that stuff worked. But one thing worked. And the one thing that that worked was building websites. We could build websites and make some money, not a lot. Make some money. And, and, and the money that, that we made, when, when, when we would start doing these, these, these websites, there was one problem with them though.


And that is, they didn't, they didn't, they didn't scale. You had to, you had to do the work of building a website in order to make the money. And so what we did was we, we built a software program called, called, we called it Website Complete was the very first one. It was one of the first companies and the guys in the, in the world to do this. And, and that would be, you could, you could take and, and, and do just put some fill in the blanks and this and that, and this thing would write the code for a website. Very primitive, but you'd have a website. So it would do that. And then the next step was where things, things look like they were going to, Joe, is every website needs a domain name, needs an address, needs Shawn Ryan dot com, right?


So, so then what we did was, I found, I went to, I went to auto website companies, I mean auto domain companies, and they were all pain in the ass to deal with. So I, we, we had one of our engineers went ahead and just filled the applications to do that for us. So we could become, we could become a domain name registrar. And, and, and not in the domain name. A domain name registrar is not in a sense where you take and you have to buy a bunch of domain names to resell, although you could do that. What?


It's more like the DMV selling vanity license plates. You know, once you get a a, a vanity license plate at the DMV, it's yours. As long as you pay the annual fee, that's the way domain names work, right? The only difference is you have companies that, that can do that, and they're called domain name registrars. So, so we started doing that and, and then what happened was the dotcom boom and the dotcom boom, there was so much noise for the dotcom boom. You couldn't, nobody didn even pay attention to you.


Yeah. Not even, not even close. And so, I mean, the, the noise, you could see like these Super Bowl, stupid Super Bowl ads where they were playing a piano like chopsticks and because they didn't have time to run an ad, but they bought it, and I mean, make an ad and stuff like that. And, and it got to the point where it got to be, it just got to be stupid. And then what happened was, when, when I did that, I had about 38, 30 8 million. I split it with my wife. She deserved every nickel she got. And I moved to Arizona, best move I ever made.


And I, and then worked on, worked on making this company work and renamed it GoDaddy. And then the, the way that, the way that that came about was I was just, you know, just the name Joe Max Technologies. It's just very, forgettable means nothing. GoDaddy doesn't mean much more, but at least it's fun and easy to remember. And so me and gal that I still work with, we come up with that one night after I've had a third night, we try to, it's fat Daddy taken, big daddy taken GoDaddy using the A OL Go go key word.


And the word daddy available bought it for $8 and 95 cents. Damn. Yeah. And so that's, that's what I did. And I started with, with 38 million. And then I started losing money and I started, I, I started then I said, I'm not gonna worry about this company until I get down to 30 million. Then I said, 20 million, 15 million. I don't know why. Sorry, I'm sorry. I'm choking up here.


No, It's all fine. It's a lot of pollen out. So anyhow, so, so I, I decided I going to go to tour. I get down to tour, I get down to 15 million, then 12, then 10, then eight, and I think eight or six. I decided I'm gonna close the company down because it didn't look like that. It was, it was snowballs chance in hell of this company ever making the turn. And then, so what I did was I sold, I sold my original company. I was, I mean, this sold all the furniture and stuff.


Had really nice furniture, stupid furniture, don't make you no money. And moved, bought a horse farm, an area where it was legal to for breeding horses, but it wasn't legal for developing software. That's a fucked up source. Phoenix is, right? So, so I, I bought this big sign. I had to pay to caught it to go Daddy ranch, put it right on, right on the wall. And then, and then I decided, I I, I went to, went to Hawaii by myself and I was gonna decide how I was going to, gonna shut it down, how I was going to pay any severance, how I was going to pay my creditors, and then what I was going to do.


So I went to, went to Hawaii. I went to Hawaii, I was in the epiphany, happened more and more. I was there. I didn't wanna shut it down. Epiphany happened where all of a sudden one day This guy comes up to me and, you know, he's happy, happy as can be, throw the keys in here, Hey, you know, miss s And I said, I'm doing great buddy. And I mean, and I think this guy's parking cars probably has nothing, right? He's the happiest guy in the world.


I got six or $8 million, you know, I'm miserable. And now what's wrong with this picture? Ah, so I decide at that point to go back home and not shut it down, had his company goes broke, I'll go broke with it. I decided I could always park cars. But then I decided, you know what, I, I'm, I'm not a big time gambler, but I like craps. I said, I'll go to Vegas and just work on a table. It sounds like a fun life. So I, we'll do that. And then this is about January, February, and then October, or or maybe later that year, the.com crash happens.


And when a.com crash happened, GoDaddy was born. And then I had, instead of guys waiting in line to, I mean, instead of not refusing to sell me anything at any price, I mean every week at least one or two companies were doing business with Vanish. I mean, vanish disappeared. Fucking gone, baby. You don't even know where they were. No, no forwarding address gone. And so, so we, we just, things started, instead of us trying to, you know, buy advertising, I have guys standing in line to give it to me.


Damn. And then so, so we take, and then in October we wait and they, they, they, we turned the company, we became cashflow positive and never missed a month since. Well, for somebody that was just telling me, you Now tell me I don't have an angel Mitigated risk. You just went from 38 million down to six to 8 million. Yeah. Well that's 'cause I'm a knucklehead. The valet Parker decided is is the one that made the decision for you of, Hey, fuck it, I'm gonna do this. Yep. Go back, willing to lose everything the rest of your money. And then you blow GoDaddy out of the water.


Yeah. Yep. And, and so, so GoDaddy until 2011 and sold 71% for 2.3 billion. Damn. And then sold the other 29% for almost 2 billion. Wow. Yeah. So, wow. Not bad for his young guy from East Baltimore. Not too bad. Not too bad. I would say you've done well. Yeah. So, so anyhow, I mean the ads all, they all happened.


They was just funny as shit. How that came about. I love 'em. I love them. You want me to tell you that Genesis, how he, how that happened? Yes. So I'm running GoDaddy and I, I am never quite sure why our business just stalls where we got, we got a a 16% market share Worldwide. I said we got, we got the best prices, we got the best systems, we got the fairest policies, we got the best customer service.


What are these other dogs? Why are they, why are they still writing business? So I hired a market research firm and it to, to kind of look at it for us. And they, they come back with an answer. They said, the reason those people aren't doing business with you is 'cause this people don't know you exist. You only advertising on the internet. These people are only reachable on direct media, I mean in conventional media. So what I did was, that was in August. I said, alright, well you know what, I had a 10 billion, $10 million war chest built up.


And I decided the Super Bowl was right around the corner. Let's make a Super Bowl a damn. And then you see there's the Super Bowl. A back then will cost you $3 million. Cost you way more than that now. Cost you like 10, 12, something like that. Maybe even, maybe far more so. But anyhow, so, so what we would do is we took, and I, I could not understand how you would give people's attention, people to look at your ad and pe wanna buy because there at a Super Bowl party you're at is only on for 30 seconds.


Right? And then after 30 seconds, they, you know, they, they're, they're talking, they're drinking cocktails. Some are, some aren't. They're, they're certainly kette send auto, some, a lot of 'em aren't even paying attention to the television and all that. How you, how you going to capture their attention. And then I was, one day I was with my second wife and I'm watching television and I've seen an ad from Mike's hard lane, Mike's Hard Lime, a and I knew, I knew and what the ad was, you got three really good looking women at the end of a bar, right?


And caddy cornered and them is This guy, This guy is hunched over, its Mike hard limeade and he's got a little bit of drop in the bottom and he's looking around, looking around and instead of, instead of him, you know, holding it up and letting it run down, he sticks a 12 inch tongue down and Sws swirls it around and then pulls it back. And the one, the bartender says, ladies, what do you have? And they point to him and go, we like one of those. And I said, that is it baby.


Oh God. I said, that is it. And so, so we did her first, did her first dad, we did a spoof on the GoDaddy girl. We didn't, she didn't even have a name then the media named her, the GoDaddy girl. We named her. And, and she was at a, a hearing by a, a Super Bowl board of, of sensors or whatever she was. And they were, they were, you know, kind the, you know, trying to decide if they're going to approve her being in an ad. And she was, she was gonna be a a, she was gonna be in an ad and it, it was, it was just hilarious because the, the the guy, the, the, the guy running the whole show, his name was Booth Coleman, I think he said passed.


But, but he was an older guy and she was, they, he says, oh ma'am, what are you going to do? Oh, you know, on the game. And she, she stands up and she goes, I could do something like this. And she, her bra, her tank top strap snaps. And it was a spoof on Janice Jackson and Justin Timberlake. Right. And she stops it and it, and it, it just, and it doesn't, doesn't go, you know, all the way. So you see nothing, you see nothing. And you know, you look at it, you know it's filmed at a distance, see things at a blurred, the cleavage on and on and on.


A lot of the ad is shut shot from behind. So Fox News said they would do the ad and then when we sent them the actual ad, they said no way. And so, you know, we said, they said, you know, we had guys with me. He said, well, why don't you, why don't you just say they denied it and you can, you know, people might wanna see that a that didn't get approved. No, no. I I, I wanted to run it 'cause I, I had bigger aspirations. So, so anyhow, so we, we went ahead and do that, all that, that minimize the ad shooter it from the distance and on and on. And so he's taking oxygen.


And I had a line in there that said, where there's a woman up they weren that they asked with a booth. And she says, those are not real. And, and he, and, and then, so I had to change it. She'd say, may I suggest a turtleneck? And so anyhow, they approve it and three days before the Super Bowl, they call me back and they say, you wanna buy another spot? And I said, really? And they go, yeah, we got a spot open just before the Super Bowl. And it could be a very good ad or a very big, very great ad.


And I think it was Buffalo playing Philly or something like that. Or, or, or or Patriots. But whoever was one of 'em was on a one yard line. Just when they did the two minute warning, this ad was gold. And then our ad doesn't run, doesn't run. And then, I mean, and then we were, wait, maybe it's next seven, maybe it's the next seven Mays next. Never our ad or ad never runs. So I get ahold of the president of Fox Sports and I asked him what happened. He said Your ad was outta tenor with the rest of the ads we had. The poet I said was without a, Yeah, It was outta what It was.


He said it was outta tenor. What does that mean? It means, it just, it wasn't, it was, it shouldn't have been approved. Alright, so, so any Yeah, I know I felt the same way, but I turned around to my, my buddy that, you know, he's, he's my chief of staff. And I said to him, can we beat us? Lucky? Can we beat us? Lucky that never happened before. So what they run, instead of our ad, I'll tell you what they run, they run a picture of of Simpsons and Bart Simpson.


Right? He goes in and he's stabbing a baby in a crib. That's what they run Much more, much more acceptable than a, than a breast. No. So anyhow, that's, that's, that's what happens. So I get, I get in touch with the president of Fox Sports and so here, here's what happens. He takes, and, and he, you know, we go back and forth 'cause we had our attorneys working on it and so forth. And so we got a deal, we got a deal with 'em.


So I don't have to pay for the ad that didn't run. I don't have to pay for the ad that did run. And you know, life is good. I mean, basically I I the market share worked. It went from 16% to 25% a year and held All right? So, I mean, it was just, just great. So anyhow, so we take and I'm, I'm there sitting, I'm sitting in at, at the table and these guys are on a conference call and I know ask for anything, anything.


I'll get it. Anything. I'll get it. I can't think of anything. I can't think of anything. So here's what I think of. He's ready for this. Here's the best I could do. I said, tell you what, Give me, gimme a game ball from two game balls from every Super Bowl. And we got a deal and they go done. Oh man. Wow. And that's and that's how it came about. Yeah. Damn. So, so did, so the media named her to go the GoDaddy Girl Bill.


I mean it's, it's just, it's just funny how it all came together. Then you got in, you you got a NASCAR, or I'm sorry, not a nascar, an IndyCar. Correct. IndyCar with Daddy Kirkpatrick. I was playing golf with her Sunday, by the way. Oh, nice. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. So Are you guys pretty close? She's, Well, she's buddy of mine and it was me, my wife and her and another friend and had a nice time. Are You into racing? No. How did that come about? Well, I, I, I was up in, I was up in, in the Arctic and I was hunting and I was, I was talking to the two guides and these guys, I mean, they didn't know nowhere.


And they were talking about the Indy 500, Danica Patrick. And I said, wow, she's young. She's in man's sport. She is, she is drawn a lot of attention. I said, we, she ought to be our spokesperson. So we reached out, we hired her, and then we, we did, we were partners for eight years. Wow. Yeah. Eight years. And she's now a member of my club Scottsdale National and good time. I'll bet, I'll bet. What were you hunting up there?


Grizzly. Grizzly? Yeah. Did you get one? So you sold Parsons Technologies, then you immediately started another company, then you sold ownership of GoDaddy and then you move into golfing Golf. Yeah. Coff and motorcycles. How, I mean, how much time was it? I mean, by this time you're a multi-billionaire. What, I guess I'm just curious, why do you keep moving into new business ventures? Why not? Hmm. I'll ask you.


I mean, I'm addicted to it. I love entrepreneurship. Yeah, I love business. Yeah. Yeah. I, I I like it too. Keeps me going. I, I, I haven't worked for anybody since 1984. I just, just worked hard. I Mean, it's just, you hit a point where you don't need anything more. Yeah. My wife and I, we move, we move a million to charity every other week. Every 14 days. Yep. Every 14 days. And I think we've given a total of a couple hundred million. I know.


Oh. And we help, help SRA five fund and then 10 million a year, which just crossed 120 million a year with them. I mean 120 million with them. And you know, when it's all said and done, you probably all go to charity. How Do you, I mean, how do you, I think that's amazing that you do that. And that's, you know, that's something I try to do here. I showed you all this stuff around the room and we've brought a lot of my friends on that have started nonprofits and psychedelics and healing and mostly combat stress type stuff. And I mean, I just, I just enjoy like watching them succeed from not, you gotta be careful.


I say this 'cause they built everything. I'm just a conduit to the public. I'm the advertiser, I guess is the way you'd, you'd see it. And, and the traction that they get after they come on this show is just, it's tremendous. And it just makes me feel good to watch 'em succeed with all the exposure. And, and you know, I, I think I read was it 19 million you, you've donated to psychedelic research and how do you, I guess what I'm asking is, you know, the, the non-profit game is tricky. You know, you, you, you, you really gotta make sure that you're finding people that are doing the right things.


And I'll lie people up for sometimes a year before I bring 'em on to make sure like, Hey, is this money going to what it needs to go to? And, and is This guy, you know, I I really enjoy finding people that are, that are just really grinding it out and, and I don't know, I guess I see myself in them and, and didn didn't have anybody to lift me up. And so I guess what I'm asking is how do every 14 days you're donating another million. How do you find these, these people that resonate with you or the companies that resonate with you? The nonprofits? Well, I, I have a staff at our foundation that's run by a very sharp lady by name Laura Mitchell.


And she's been in that particular end of, of end of business for a long time. Been with me long time and I then she has staff. So, so they sorted out mean, you know, if if you're in a foundation, you're giving away money, your product, everybody likes it. Yeah. So, so you do have to be careful. And, but what we do is, you know, given, given the money to the, to the whatever the organization is that we're donating money to is only part of the part of the contract. You know, we're also in touch with them monthly and they're assigned an individual from our foundation to be in touch with them and to, you know, help them in any way that they can and to also report back to us when the next time comes to where they knock on our door if they did what they said they were going to do.


What's your success rate? You mean that of that, That, that of nonprofits that would follow through with it Overall close to a a hundred percent. And, and I mean, do I, do I have a little disagreements along the way? Yeah, yeah. But I mean, I'm, I'm there to work it out. I'm not there to, you know, it's, it's different than buying a pair of shoes, you know, like Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's, that's amazing. A great person for doing that. Well, thank my wife.


And there you go. Right on. So how did you get into the golf industry? I decided to do it. I bought Scottsdale National and that was first, first thing you know, when I did the GoDaddy deal, I decided I was gonna buy either a football team or a really, a really nice golf course and praise the Lord, thank my angel. I bought a golf course.


So I love it. Do you play golf? I'm not any good. Well, who is? Nobody's any good Danica Patrick's pretty good, isn't she? She has her moments. Yeah, she has her moments. But, you know, I, I bought Scottsdale National. It is one of these deals where it became available. It is, right now it is 730 acres in pre of real estate in Scottsdale, surrounded on three sides by, what is it?


3 million acres of land Wow. Government set aside has one house on the property. You guessed it. Very nice. Yeah. Very nice. Yeah. Well, Bob, let's take a quick break and then when we come back, I want to dive into psychedelics, Which I didn't bring any, I got you covered. Good.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance Elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright, Bob, we're back from the break. I want to dig into psychedelics. It's, it's, it's something that, like I'd mentioned earlier, it, it fixed a lot of things going on with the, with my family. My son was six months old at the time when I finally decided to take that leap.


And I've, it's just totally changed everything for me. My family life, my business old relationships opened me up to a lot of, of things that maybe I was, wasn't confident diving into before. And I think it would be a great way to put it. And, and sent me on a spiritual journey and, and found God and in faith in Christ and just so much good has come from since the very first time.


And so I know for you, I mean, we had talked about your childhood having grown up in a rough environment. We talked about Vietnam, coming home from Vietnam, I'm sure there's a lot of business stress. I mean, I can only imagine because I'm stressed outta my mind just with what I'm running and, and, and I find a lot of peace through those. And it took me, I guess almost 10 years, almost 10 years after I finally left doing contract work for the CIA in various combat zones to finally take that leap.


It took you 49 years, if I'm correct. 49 years. How did you hear about psychedelics? How did I hear about psychedelics? You know, when I wa when I was a kid in the sixties, you know, I, there was LSD around and, and of course marijuana, marijuana, I don't consider a psychedelic. There was, and then you hear guys talking about mushrooms and other stuff. But I never did any of that then because number one, I just, I, I didn't feel need to and, and I didn't, didn't, I was a little afraid of it 'cause I didn't know much about it.


You know, you had these, all these rumors that, you know, if you took, you took LSD, you might try to fly off a building and you know, shit like that. So I I, I didn't pay any attention to it and I didn't even think about it, that it would be, that it would, would have the, the medicinal properties that it would do. Even though in spite of for millennia, we have other cultures that have used it to, to handle problems that that, that we have all the time. And they don't have it all because of their, their wise use of psychedelics. So the thing that that made the difference for me was in 2017, it didn't happen until 2017, I read Michael Pollan's book, how to Change Your Mind, and Michael Pollan's book is, is a treatise on psychedelics.


And, you know, and it talks about, it doesn't talk about iboga even though that is, that's granddaddy a mall baby. Have You done that? No, I have. I, that was my first one. Yeah, well, I mean, you know, I, I, I haven't, and maybe one day, but I don't, I haven't so far, but have I read his book and, you know, and I was, I was fascinated. I first, the book reads like a novel reads like mine reads and like a, you know, and it's just, I could not, I could not get over that, that could be a solution for me.


And so I told my wife Renee, that I, I would, I would like to try this. And she had me fixed up within two weeks. Are you serious? Dead serious. She had me hooked up and it just, it just so happened that she had been talking to a friend who'd been talking to a friend who had a journey like this and on and on and on. And it just, everything just dovetailed together. And so she introduced me to these people and two guides work under the radar, of course. And I met them in Hawaii.


And I, I did for three days I did three different types of psychedelics. First day I did ayahuasca and you know, that's, it's different. Yeah, you would never, you would never buy that at a soda fountain, would you had nasty tastes of stuff. But anyhow, you know, it is what it is. And some people swear by it. The second day I did magic mushrooms and the tell you a story that is funny, my guide, he made this, he had this pot, this teapot, and he said, this holds three large cups.


And I made it very strong, this magic mushroom tea. So you'll only need one cup now, I swear what I'm telling you're gonna tell you is true. I drank all three cups and I ate the tea bags and I was righteously stoned. And I was, I was there here, there and everywhere, you know? And did I did it, did I have a journey? Yeah, I did. And, and it was, it was all, all positive, some tears and so forth, but it was all positive.


And then the next day I took off, took a break, and that day my wife and I went and played golf. And what I liked is it felt like the fauna, like the bushes and the grass and the, it all knew I was, I was there and I was alive and what I've been doing, and it was supportive and I never putted that good in my life. It, it was like whatever green I was on, it was like the grass would say he didn't hear Bobby. And I waited to go right, bend right around into the cup. I mean, it was incredible.


Now it never, it never happened, you know, again or since. But it happened that one time. And so it was a great, great experience. The next day it was, it was LSD and the LSD took a strong dose of it and it was, you know, had the same impact the other two did. And you know, I I I didn't have any, any hallucinations on, on on that, but I, I sure had a, a righteous buzz and was happy to talk and felt good about things.


And when I was all said and done, my wife noticed it the first, she said, you're different, you know, you're easier to talk to, you're easier to get along with you. You, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, you don't have that temper any that edge about you. It's gone. And, and then I could, I could feel it too. And then the people that I worked with also knew it, you know, they could see it. And so I made it, I made a sharp turn away from PTSD at that point. I'd like to say at that time it had been 49 years since the war for me and I finally came home.


Wow. What, I'd like to dive into that a little more in depth, but before, before we get into each sp specific journey, I'm just, you know, what, what is it that, I mean, I know you found the book, but what, what was going on in your life at that time? I mean, what was, what sent you on the search? Well, brother, I, I, I had an edge about me that I didn't like. And I would, I would lose my temper and I just would hate myself for it, you know, because it was no reason.


It was, it was always something stupid, you know? And, and so, I mean, it was always under her quest. I knew that, you know, it first, you know, I, I had a battle with some depression. I, I I I, I had fought, fought this, this hard temper that I had. And, and, and, and I, I just never liked being around people. I liked, I liked being alone, you know, and that's, it's not a good thing. It, at least if you can, you can overcome why you're like that, you know, it was terrible for me when, when days like the, like the days the trees fell and that reminded, it was an experience I had in Vietnam.


And I would always, I would always go back there on the 4th of July and I would do whatever I could to avoid fireworks, to stay away from the, that, that sort of thing. But it's stuff like that. And, you know, I've been my wife and my third wife. I mean, I, I'm a give him my walking papers twice and it's never a pleasant time. So, and, and you know, and I knew that the women that I married both time were good women. I mean, they, there wasn't nothing wrong with them. But the problem was, the problem was me. When you, let's, what do you mean?


The day the trees fell? Okay, I'll tell, I'll tell you about the day the trees fell. We set up for ambush one night in a graveyard in, in Vietnam. And we were, we were, it was all Vietnamese are buried sitting up, at least most of 'em are that I'm aware of. And so we had, we had a squad, a couple of clicks right, of us, a couple clicks left of us. And so I was facing just inward to this area where all these trees were. And it was leaning against a, the mound.


And they were, there was all of a sudden the, when the, the right of us, there was a firefight started and then there was a firefight when the left of us. And it was bullets. You've been shot at many times. You know what it sounds like when a bullet goes by, you know, it sounds like beef or something flying by, but of me, it was like, and it was going like crazy. So he couldn't stand up. And then some, one of our, one of the guys in our squad, this one of George, probably George called in Artiller. It must have been NBA moving towards us from a, the front, front of us area. I was, I was facing and all I could see was I could see, you know, I don't know how far out it was.


Maybe a couple hundred yards, maybe a hundred yards, I don't know. But it, it would be like everything would light up and then you'd see these trees, these palm trees just falling down, falling down, and then, and then on and on and on. And it must have been for like 15 minutes and then quiet. And that was, that's what I'm, I'm talking about that particular night. That night was crazy. And then what was crazier about it? That particular graveyard. There was a squad of ours a month or so before I got there that set up in that graveyard.


And they all were, they all died because they, the north, the Vietnamese, somehow or another, They were buried sitting up. No, they, well, they were, they weren't buried. They were, they were just mutilated. Like sometimes happens. But none of us were hurt that night. Just the trees. Just the trees were What about the family life? I mean, two wives, you got kids, grandkids, great grandkids. You're running a major enterprise.


I would imagine that takes somewhat of a toll on the family. Yeah, it does. It does. But you know, I can tell you what, what I've, the, the painful thing is what I decided was early on it was, might have been a good thing that I wasn't always around. 'cause of your temper? Yeah, temper. I mean, I never got, never got physical. Never, never once. But she was verbal and loud. And that's, I'm, I'm happy that with my angel, I'm past that, at least 99%.


Are you close with your kids? Yeah, All of them. Yeah. How many kids do you have? Three. Close with the grandkids. Grandkids? Not as much. Great-grandkids. Haven't met 'em yet. Haven't met 'em yet. Haven't Met 'em yet. How old are they? They're I think two and a half and one, something like that. Do you wanna meet him? Of course I do. Well, what's going on? Well, I will, but I will when I'm ready, dad. Gotcha.


So you got all this going on in your life, you find Michael Pollan's book, read it, decide you're gonna do it, wife, wife makes the connection. Right? What are you seeing in your ayahuasca journey? What do I see in my ayahuasca journey? You know, I've seen less than the ayahuasca journey than I did in the mushrooms and the LSD and I, I think the reason for it is maybe you gimme a lighter dose. Anything get revealed, any epiphanies In the ayahuasca, you know, if, if it was anything, it's said that I, you know, I needed to change and I could change and there you go.


But that, that, that is it. How about the psilocybin? Psilocybin had the biggest difference with me a number of times. And it seems to, seems to work, work good. What did you see? What did I see? What was the Well, I, I had that, that flashback of processing those, those guys, two Vietnam. And then I told you when I was in troop processing just before I rotated home that, I mean I, that I, I could see those guys like I was there like they were yesterday.


I mean, like I was sitting here with you now. Was it, look, was it looking at that experience or a different perspective? You know, it's just, it's just, I I've seen the horror of it. I mean the, just the, the, the, the how that bullshit happens and, and these guys are walking into that and they don't have a clue. I mean, I've seen that and I mean, and, and, and the mess. If, if I had, if I had to tell you what my, my most stressful points were to cause PTSD, I would've never picked that.


I just wouldn't have because I buried it. But it came out and it, it was one of the most profound. What else did, what else was revealed? That's it. The whole experience was Vietnam. Well, Vietnam, the war, the war is, is rough for me. Being a kid is also a rough, rough time. But see, I, I was, I was never, when I was a kid, I was never abused. I was neglected. And it's just as bad, maybe worse, I don't know. But I don't know.


Both times, both times bothered me as early on when I was, was talking about the, the introduction and that letter I wrote myself. I mean, it was everything I could do to tell you about it without crying. Totally. And maybe one day, one day I will, I'll be able to talk about it. But I mean, it, it just wrenches my soul every time. So, You know, I think a lot of, a lot of firstborns kids with neglect, kids that are abused. I mean, I, I think a lot of 'em, they become overachievers and like, we're always trying to prove something.


I'm the oldest. It can relate somewhat, but it's just When you were building all your companies when you were in Vietnam, I mean, who were you trying to prove of anything to anybody? Were you looking for some type of acceptance? Were you looking for some type of self-worth? You know, no. And no self-worth maybe, you know, it's tough to know what I was. I just know I, I love doing it and that's an area that I, that I think was a big advantage for me.


I just loved it. Yeah. And so, you know, I was willing to channel my, my energy and time into it and use that as a release to kind of self-treat or self-medicate PTSD, if you will. I mean, you know, and you know, when you, you, you don't work 60 hour shift followed by eight hour sleep, followed by 60 hour shift, followed by, you know, for, for a few months. Unless you, you're a bit of a workaholic, right? Yeah. Oh, that's what it was. But, but I, I love doing it, but I didn't, I I didn't do it because I hated doing it. I used to look at my watch and I never looked at it and said, oh, it's, it's four o'clock.


I got another 12 hours left to work. I would look at it and say, oh, it's four o'clock. Oh man, I only have four 12 hours. I can work. I mean that, that sort of thing that Resonates with me. But I mean, I'm just, I guess what I'm saying is, is if you, if you were neglected, if you were neglected as a child, then you know, all therapists go back to childhood and, and they say that a lot of this stuff stems from childhood. A lot of, even with a lot of war trauma, they dive more into, in my experience, they dive more into childhood than they do anything else.


And, and so that's, that's what makes me curious is if, is if you, if you built these companies to gain the, the approval or interest or just having your parents be proud of, of what you've built could be a major driver to a lot of people. And sometimes you gotta dig for it. But that's what I'm asking you is if you think that, you know, by growing up rough and, and being neglected if it was a driver in your business, in your, in your entire life.


Well, you know, I, I, I think, you know, it had to be in the sense that I grew up knowing that if I really wanted something, I, I better be working for it. Right? So, so that in itself is a driver as opposed to somebody that's working with a silver spoon. Right. And you're born with that, you know, they might not, you know, have that discipline doesn't register. Yeah. So I was, I was born with a dirty plastic spoon and you act differently with one of those. And what about your experience with L-S-D-L-S-D Is, has been, been a, in a different type of drug for me, I, I, I think it's been helpful.


I, I tend to get, I tend to get a little with LSDA little nauseous with it, but never so nauseous that I purge and then move on to the next step. Just nauseous. So, so I've, I've if knowing that I've avoided it, but I still think having, having LSD at the same time I had the combination of ayahuasca magic mushrooms and or cell sabin and, and LSDI think that there's a powerful combination for me. And you saw the effects immediately and your wife did?


Yes. What did she see? Well, she seen, she seen, I was kind of the guy she wanted to be married to. There you go. So, you know, it's, it's, it's like, it's, it's, it's like I, I was told once that every young couple that gets married, right? The, the, the husband thinks that, you know, know, does, doesn't want his wife to change. And the wife doesn't want her husband no, wants her husband to change. And often they're, they're both disappointed. Well, she was happy to see that her husband changed or maybe changed And it stuck. Yeah.


Do you continue to use psychedelics? You know, I, I have, but I don't, I don't, I mean, I, I haven't, I haven't in, in, in a while. My wife did a journey not, not too long ago with her sisters. They had some, some family stuff they were, they were dealing with. And it's been great. And I'll tell you what, and it has been, I mean, I, I love the woman tremendously, but since her journey, I love her even more. Have you guys ever done anything together? Oh, we have. We have, we have done MDMA and done it twice, I think.


But it's been a while. It's been a while. Yeah. So you, what, so what, why did you dive back in? Did you start to see any fall off from what you've gained from your initial journey? No, I, I did because it was there and I thought maybe I could still be better. Did you have an ego death? An ego death? Have you heard of this? No. An ego death. Have you ever heard of five M-E-O-D-M-T? Yeah. Have you done that? I have. And lemme tell you a story with that. I've done that. And, and that's the kind that you smoke the right Toad valve. Well, Well I've smoked it and did it three times, smoked it felt nothing.


And, and my, my guide, who is, is my dear friend said, this must be something wrong with this. And he took a puff off it and was on the roof. So for some reason or another, that stuff doesn't affect me. No kidding. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't know what it is, but it's the damnedest thing. Damn. I did ibogaine and then followed by five M-E-O-D-M-T and that was a total legal death of that. You legitimately think, you don't think in your mind you are a hundred percent certain that you are dying and then you cross over into this other realm. And once you, it's the most anxiety, the most fear, the most all of that stuff that I've ever experienced at, at any one particular given point in time.


Blast for maybe 15 to 30 seconds. But it feels like an eternity. And I think a lot of people fight it, and maybe they don't cross over, but if you can actually let it go, just let go and actually die because you are a hundred percent certain you are dying. You know, it's so, it's, it's like your entire life, man. It's hard to, it's hard to describe, but it's like you just start letting go of everything. You let go of possessions and friends and, and then there's like the final thing.


And the final thing for me was I, I was having a problem releasing my wife and my firstborn son. I didn't have my daughter at the time. And that was my last thought before I crossed over was I, I can't fucking die because I can't leave my wife and my son in this fucked up place. And then I let that go and you cross over to this other realm and man, it, it really opens you up to all the good in the world.


And, you know, I'd always heard about, it took me a long time to do this. 'cause I always thought psychedelics are just for fucking hippies. And I don't, I definitely don't consider myself a hippie, but I've heard 'em talk about energy and good energy and bad energy. And once I crossed over into that realm, I could see like, I could see all of the energy flowing from the beach, into the ocean, into the trees, the birds, the sky. I could, I could tell that everything was connected one way or another, but it, I wasn't hallucinating. It was more of an intuitive type experiences, experience.


I felt my best friend Gabe, that I was telling you about, whose Glock and flag is up there. I felt his presence. We didn't talk, but I could just feel him. And, and that just, that stuff just changed my entire life. It cured my addiction. I was a major alcoholic, sucking down pills, Valium, Xanax, abient, seor, oxycodone, any, all of it. Anything I could get my hands on. Just to numb. Just to numb. Just to numb it out, gone like that. Haven't had a drop of booze since.


Wow. Yeah, it totally, and then on top of that, you know, just being, just being on a, on the platform that I've built in front of millions of people, there was they weren subjects that I felt beholden to my audience. I have to, I can't venture into this because my audience doesn't wanna see it. And it took all that shit away. It said, fuck it. Just do whatever the fuck you want to do. And I started doing that and my business was already on a rocket ship. And then, and then once, I didn't care anymore about anything But my own curiosity, my business just, it gave me the courage to say no to things.


It gave me the courage to dive into new areas. It gave me the courage to, to start looking at the afterlife and what that looks like. And we were talking about guardian angels. It spent me down a whole spiritual journey with that and looked into the universe and all kinds of shit. And eventually landed on Christianity. But, but, and I continue to do self-maintenance, you know, it not on any particular cadence, but, but I've done a fair amount of psilocybin. And man, that stuff really cleaned me out too with a lot of the stuff that was going on between me and my wife.


And I think everybody should do this. I, I think so I think, I think it is one of the answers. I think when we start doing it as a people, should we ever start doing it as a people, it'd be a be a renaissance. Why did you, why did you decide to do it again after your initial experience? Why did I decide to do it again after the initial experience? I, you know, the first time it was, it was, I wanted to, I wanted to fix a problem.


Second time I wanted to get better, keep getting better. See, and now I, I feel I'm, you know, probably about as good as I'm going to get. So I, you know, I not not not doing it as much. Do you think you'll do it again? Mm, might hope so. I hope so. I'd like to like to do it with my wife again. But What do you like to surround yourself with nature when you do it? Nature, nature is one. I it is hard to go wrong with that.


And, and friends, Do you find clarity? Do you find answers? Ah, Not, not, not in the sense that, that there's something that I'm looking for. No, no. Do you go into it with intentions? No, No, No, no. You know, wait a minute, wait a minute. Let me, you know, I was, I was with, with one of the guides. Who was he? He was, he was, he was the guy that did my first journey in 2017.


Him and him and his partner. And, you know, I, I had thought about what I wanted to accomplish when he was, when, when he was, he was there with me and we went ahead and we, you know, I had a journey and so forth. And I never thought I accomplished anything, but I accomplished everything. And you, I know you're gonna ask me, you're gonna say, what is it you wanted to accomplish? I don't fucking remember. And you're gonna say, well, how do you know? Well, I did at the time, I knew, but now I got my, I got my brain just, I've been eating chocolate chip cookies and they clouded, clouded my thoughts.


Oh, man. Are you a Christian? Yes. How did you find faith? How did, how do, how do I find it? How Did you find faith? What does that mean? Faith? How do I find it for faith? Faith in God, faith in Christ? Or how do I find it? How did you find it? How did I find it? I, I think it takes an effort for me. But you know, there's, there's a saying. There's no atheists in a fox hole. Right? I know. Saying very well. Yeah, no, atheist in a foxhole. And, you know, I, I mean that's, it's the best I can do.


Do you think that psychedelics is a bridge into a spiritual realm? You know, I think so. I think so. And I, and you know, and I'd, I'd like to think that, that I, I haven't been able to really get in there as, as deep as I, as, as, as, as is there available for the getting. Now the one thing I can tell you, under the supervision of a doctor, of a physician, I've taken a strong injection of ketamine and have an absolutely total hallucination, almost geometric and stuff like that.


Don't think I'll see anybody again. And I mean, just pretty heady stuff. But coming, coming through that, you know, I, I I I, I don't have any, any particular thing that I come away with other than, other than love solves most things, violence solves nothing. And those, those particular things would be what I, what I came away with that as Well. I would say that's pretty profound. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I do know when I, when I I spend time and I, I, I study Christianity and I, I read about it.


I, I get a feeling that I don't get from anything else. Me too. Yeah, Me too. Well, Bob, I really appreciate you coming and it was an honor to interview you and, and, and document your life journey. And I just wanna say thank you again and God bless. Cheers. No, thanks, brother. Well, I, I appreciate being here. You, you're quite a guy. You had, you've had quite a life and you know, God bless you. I mean, you know, you, you could, you could, you could be an angel.


I don't Know. You are an angel, But thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Former MLB all-star Sean Casey, AKA, the mayor keeps hitting it out of the park. Take my 30 years of experience, take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures. When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don't know.


I'm fired up. Baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's Office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow And listen on your favorite platform.