
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms. Apply


The NBA 82 Game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sports Book app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet, just buy bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


We're Gonna come to the points how I was offered from ISIS to become leader of isis. So September 11, I'm in a cell with one of the terrorists. The first flight hit, he jumps on the bogging band and happy, this is from my leader. Now I'm thinking if I kill This guy in a prison or not, I see two guys coming down and they pulled a gun, shot me four time, not once. They taught you how to make bombs. Absolutely. Kind of bomb mix. Blair Skoro, Welcome to the show. Thank you very much. Honored to be in your show. Honored To have you. Thank you. And you've got a hell of a life story growing up in Kosovo, coming in, being recruited by the CA as an asset infiltrating Al-Qaeda.


An assassination attempt. I mean, this is gonna be a really good interview. Really good interview. Yes, it is going to be good. And your story's so interesting, they're doing a documentary about you. Yes. When's that coming out? Hopefully we're planning soon. Yep. I don't have too much control over that. It's people involved. So, but it's gonna come soon. Do you know where it's gonna go? We are a guest in May 21st to May 26th in California for six days. And after that I will find out what's gonna be the next step. But I am in California, in Hollywood from May 21st to May 26th. Congratulations. Thank you very much.


Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Well everybody starts off with a introduction here. So here we go. Blara, Skoro, Kosovan, Albanian immigrant and former Yugoslav army soldier who deserted to escape ethnic persecution during the KO of Oh War, turned a crime to save your family from genocide, smuggling drugs to fund their escape from Kosovo only to face an eight year prison sentence in 2000, then became a CIA asset who infiltrated Al-Qaeda after nine 11. All for a chance to reunite with your American born wife and daughters. You survived an assassination attempt in 2010 while serving as a CIA informant, a husband and a father who won a landmark immigration case in 2022.


And now you drive a cab in New York City. Your story is the subject of a new documentary called The Accidental Spy, which hopefully comes out in May. So couple things to knock out here real quick. We have a, I have a Patreon account. Yes. And we've grown quite the community there. We actually, we just, we just took all their names. We're, we're building a new studio. It's about three and a half times the size of this. And we took all 28,000 people who have ever been a Patreon member and supported us. And we just put that on the wall inside and the whole studio will be built around it.


But one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. A question, excuse me. So this is from Tin Dog. Do you consider yourself a patriot of the US or a subversive because of the betrayal? Where is your head at today? I am a hundred percent American pitcher. I thought you would say that. I thought you would say that. And I'm proud to be that. Good, good. Well we're proud to have you. Thank you. We're proud to have you. So quick answer, but, and then lastly, you watch the show so you know, everybody gets a gift.


Thank you very much. I appreciate It. Vigilance, elite gummy bears. Yes, thank you. Legal in all 50 states. There you go. But this is gonna be a heavy interview and I hope, I hope we go down some rabbit holes. I mean just, just since you've been here, you brought up the fact that something about Uranian coming outta Russia. I definitely want to dive into that and, and some of your outlook on Syria that we just discussed off camera. So, but let's start with life in Kosovo. So you're born in 1971 in Kosovo. During a time of ethnic tension under Yugoslav rule, I was obligatory service in Yugoslav army.


What was the worst war ever existed in Balkans? I know you've been seeing a lot and a lot of the viewers and a lot of the guests. But I saw also very bad and a lot. I was in a group with one of the most dangerous criminal rash, which known a K Ahan. Wow. And I see, I witnesses with my own eyes behaving, killing, rape, you name it, all of it. And I survived. How, How young were you when you started witnessing those things? I tell you, my 20 years birthday was in the military.


So I start 19 years old. So you started seeing beheadings, rapes, all these kind of things as a 19-year-old kid, as a, as a 20-year-old kid. Yes. What was the first time you saw beheading? I Didn't believe it. First I thought it's like, like something you watch in the movie. I saw a woman getting raped from the, those paramilitary groups of Arcon and there was a Croatians, I was in the Yugoslav army and to me was, I didn't believe because when we called for duty, we called for duty to serve the country against enemy outside, not inside of the own people.


So Croats, that time when I was serving, it was still Yugoslavia, which I start in, I was, I start my service in March 20th, 1991 and I was, you know, serving even that time Albanians from Kosovo, we had no rights. We was considered like second class citizens because history of ourself, it's Alban Kosovo used to be always part of the Albania because the communism dictator, it broke up and the Yugoslavia took over my country. But the history, it's always there. It's black and white, we cannot change it. Some people may like, some people don't like, but Kosso was part of the Albania.


So we start this uprise, you know, to be separated from Yugoslavia. But we couldn't do it. We always had a little issues and stuff and we couldn't do it. Then I was called in March 22nd, 1991 and I start, I finished a three month of training, which is, in the beginning it was eight weeks. If I don't make mistake and the start war in Slovenia, I was in a training camp in one of the cities of Yugoslavia city called Shabbats. It's very close to the Croatian border. That's where was I was I start my military training for war.


That's a little different than regular training. That's how I came out to see the, one of the worst criminal Vic Han. And there was volunteers, I was regular military and we started those training and stuff. And one time I never talked in my life CIA know this part. But my family of course knows when we was in the training, you have some pictures we can demonstrate if you want letter in the camp, it's a pictures in the camp I was ordered, it was stolen weapons in that camp from the, those volunteers.


And when we say volunteers, it's two different groups. I was in regular military and there was those chetniks volunteers, those they're butchering people, woman raping those with a group of Han. And since the military officers saw me, like I was little kind of skilled soldier, they put me to be security, not to allow nobody to move in a base and group of six or seven of them, they try to sneak in and I tell them, you cannot go and stop. And they didn't wanna stop. And then I second time, because that's how was our rules, you ask them one time to stop.


If they don't stop, then second time you pull the gun, you put the bullet in the chamber and you're ready to shoot and they don't wanna stop. That's the first time in my life I shoot in the people That was no kidding ju June or July of 1991 and I was age 20. I never talked in no media. This part of the story, first time in my life. But when I said I didn't talk, CIA knew everything. So when you come to, I did a polygraph test to the CIA, but we're not gonna change the subject where it's beginning. And so you, you shot in a group of six or seven volunteers of the Chetniks, the worst chetniks you have the picture I did send it to you guys.


The picture I shot in them with a AK 47. Like nothing, like first time in my life shooting to the people. Was that in age 20? Did you kill them? I cannot say that I killed, but they don't wanna say it. But I know everybody was laying down in the ground. Nobody was moving. But I pulled the trigger and I know I'm, I'm a sharp shooter. I don't, I don't miss easy. I can, I'm very good in a shooting. So maybe one of them went down. But definitely I did shot in a group of them. And then that's how I become like very honored to the military. Yugoslav military, like you know, they, I create a trust and then we still continue in a training camping in a city.


Shabbats exact I will. You didn't go to make sure they were dead or anything? No, I cannot. You're not allowed Because the officers come and escort me right away and they took them out and we not a allowed, you know, it's the strict rules. If you shoot then they have to escort you, give, keep you in a safe place for a couple of days. And I was given a pistol extra from the my one of the officers. In case you say if you get problem with one gun, you have a extra spare gun. So he kinda liked me and he gave me his personal gun and I kept for a couple of weeks or a month. Wow. Did that bother you at age 20 to, to potentially kill?


Honestly, I felt very great because I knew that was shooting in Serbians and we considered them enemy of my country, enemy of my people. And in my, for example, I didn't talk too much from all these 35 years about this. I left because, you know, sometimes legacy is good to live in the end of the story of your life. But my family knows very well the story my kids know very well and it's a hundred percent true. And I communicate after 35 years with officers who helped me 35 years ago. I communicated just recently, a couple of months ago. No kidding, they still remember It. Yes, they are retired in Yuta, former U Yugoslav mil, former Yugoslave military.


And they said we was proud you what you did that time. And What did you call them? Did you call 'em Checham? No, it's, it was a Yu Gusav officer, captain first class. It was a regular officers in Yugoslav military. So that that, that's Serbians Chetniks Chetniks. So when I shot, I shot in a chetniks. So this is, was Yugoslav regular Yugoslav military. Okay. So it's a little too different. My officer didn't like them because he knew they are criminals. So he liked us. So he liked the regular military, but he didn't like the volunteers. Wow. 'cause volunteers is the one who committed genocide.


Wow. Yeah. And what about the beheadings and the rapes? Who, who, who did you witness? I witnessed those reserv, those volunteers. Chetniks did to the crats. So I witnessed a woman got, I know one part, for example, it was a woman didn't have a 12 years child, kids, she had a baby. It was a nine month or 10 month old. They killed the baby in front of me and the rest of the soldiers and they raped a lady and then the ex killed her lady too. So I witnessed that. It was somewhere in August of 1991.


I was present myself. And then there was another story of former Yugoslav military guy. Finished his service and he came to visit his family in city Awa. I was one of the most dangerous worst in the city awa. So he came in that to visit his family because he finished his service. When they found out he came over there, they killed his father and they killed a former soldier who served in Yugoslav military. And they shot him from the behind. They execute him, they kill his father first and then execute him. I witnessed that too. And then another part, this chetniks, you have the pictures, they throw hand grenades, they put a woman and kiss in one of the basement.


And I remember family last name ura. I help them, they throw hand grenades in the basement. And me and one of my officers, his originally from Bosnia, Bosnia, segoa, but it was on regular military, he said it was around 2:00 AM He said, let's go. We hear the noise they held asking for help. We went in a basement. What we saw in that basement, all murder killed woman and kids. And I, I went in and it was a little slippery and I said to the officer, you have any match or anything because it's slippery. And my foot was inside of the baby's body right inside at age 20.


And it was a old lady over there calling for help in Croatian, Pommy, pommy. And I went and took the lady, she was all butcher from hand grenades. And I took her out less than 10, 15 minutes, she passed away in my hand. I tried to help her. And then after like start seeing all this, then you get used to it. It's a war, you know, of course you young in a age. But when you see all this thing, then it becomes like it's a normal, you know, you in a war, you war, you have to do, you have to defend yourself, protect yourself, you not to get killed.


And we did the best for me, for example, we never shoot innocent civilians. Even I was more poor crowds. I was more able dreaming to help crowds because we are more close with crowds than s Serbs. Serbs is chetniks who are ally with Russia. And we consider always enemy. So so the ser the Serbs and the Chetniks are the are the same. Same. The same are the same. Yes. And they were doing this S are the base of them, the, the more fanatics. Like we have Islamic radical alqaeda and stuff. So Chetniks are in Serbians like that.


Okay. So if we compare with Alqaeda, so Chetniks are like alqaeda And they were doing this to your people? Not not to my people to cross. Then in, after a little while when they start war in Kosovo, they was doing to my people. But first this was 1991 and in to my people was 96, 97, 98, 99. So in 91 I was in a Yugoslav military. Geez. How common was this? Look, it was not unusual. Like from my generation, like even when I give a interview before in like short interview in English, one of the newspaper I see people who I grew up, they don't know me much because we was young, 15, 16 years.


And I don't talk about stories like that. It's not normal for me to talk, you know, because like one time I had nightmares, I couldn't sleep for a little while because when I start talking about past where I saw you had the, you have a trouble sleeping, you know? And I never want my kids to know this kind of stories because I want my kids to grow up to love people, not to hate. Because if you tell your child what you've been through, then they're gonna have a bad feeling thinking, look, the my father, what he went through, you know, I want to hate those people too. So I don't wanna give my kids idea to hate anybody.


I want my kids, they are born and raised in us. I wanna be free not to be having hate in their mind. Because when you start having hate, you have no space to love people. So I wanted to be educated extremely free and good not to have ideas of the wars and murders and death. So I want to be very calm and educated and civilized. Wow. But there's not a lot of people that think like that. No, that's pretty big of you.


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults and it's probably taking a toll on all of us Armor Colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health, help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using Arm ever since. They sent me some to try and now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine. Now I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/ss or enter SS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


BOND CHARGE is here to help you optimize your life with evidence-based holistic wellness products. BOND CHARGE can help you perform at your peak and help you recover faster. If you're struggling to detoxify or just need to unwind and reduce stress, I've been there and I found my solution With the help of bond charges, infrared sauna blanket. After using the blanket they sent me, I can feel a difference in my back and muscle pain levels. Their infrared sauna blanket can help raise your heart rate and helpt detoxify your body by sweating out toxins. The infrared heat targets your body directly so you get all the benefits of a sauna without that intense heat you can read or even watch TV while it works. It's magic BOND CHARGE ships worldwide fast and offers a 30 day trial plus easy returns. Ready to feel your best. Visit BOND CHARGE dot com slash srs and use code SRS to save 15%. That's BON cge do com slash ss and use the coupon code SRS to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


How did you get into the military? Was it voluntary or did they, was it somewhat of a draft? No, I was obligatory military that time when I was in Yugoslavia. You must serve. There was no choice because I couldn't have no passport, I couldn't leave the country. So it was a complete dictator. You know, you, you must between age 18 and 20, at age 18 you have to go in a recruiting center for four or five days. So if you capable to serve, so I was in a recu recruiting center, I was 18 years old. And then at age 19 they send me the letter I have to serve the country.


And I took that responsibly, then I went and serve the country. I thought, you know, I'm serving a normal Australian country. It's not like I'm going to be part of the committing genocide. It was a clear genocide, nothing. It's no secrets. It's, I passed that situation. It's, I was there until October 13th when complete Croatian city collapsed. And I say it, I repeated again like I grew up with the people. They didn't even believe when they heard little bit the story, they said, no, it's not that. But trust me, I passed very ruthless war.


Look, I've been in Afghanistan, I've been in a conscious Iraq and Syria and Lebanon and Jordan and all these countries. I, I saw the wars, I saw what Al-Qaeda did. But this war was also dangerous too. Wow. Wow. And how long were you involved in That? Until October 13th, 1991. From March, 1991 until October 13. Shit. So around almost eight, nine month. And who was committing the genocide? Sirs. Chetniks. Were you guys committing My, me personally not, no. But group in my side. Yes. Yes. Yeah, Absolutely. How was the woman being raped? How did that happen?


It's very bad. I saw, I had tell you this, I remember one picture I saw like today, I never forget that young, maybe 35 years old, one that took that child. I couldn't do much, you know, because look, I thought many time, if I turn my gun to everybody and kill all this, but the problem was family. Because if he was doing that to SRBs and Chetniks, they was going to execute my family because that's how they used to do to Albanians. If Albanian guy shot the Serbian or Chene, then there was going to kill the family. So then I was worrying my family, it's not me to get killed.


I always thought, I was like, since I grew up, I grew up no fear. Like I know one day I'm gonna die. I mean, weren't they trying to kill you anyways? They try, they try. It was a time they said, look, we're gonna crucify him. When I shot those group, there was rumors, oh, we're gonna butcher him, we're gonna make a cross in his body. Those four s, you know, Chetniks, they have a four s cross and four asses because they knew I was Muslim born. So they was you sending me threats through the soldiers and stuff. But look, Sean, I'll be very honest, I was ready to die when I started that military.


I said, regardless if I die today or after 50 years, one day I'm gonna die. So I had no kids. I was not married, I was young. So that age is, you know, the most dangerous age ages. You don't fear nothing. You know, not everybody, I'm telling you not you have kids. Like I can tell you example, I have a, a boy, 12 years old, if you see me, he's a big giant boy. But he will not kill Karos. He is so like polite and nice. He was a daddy. No, don't kill that, you know? But us was different because we had that hate between us and Serbians. So we grew up, my grandfather was executed in a communist country.


My mother's father, he was executed in 1940. So, and we grew up, you know, having that hate. So if I knew it, how my grandfather were executed. So now automatically my parents educate me, you know, look, we, we live here, but those are our enemy, you know, my grandfather was killed, so now we cannot trust them. So I was very educated and trained to not to trust them. So to be always prepared, you know, if you have a ever to come cross, you have to defend yourself or you're gonna get killed or you have to kill. So this was also a religious war.


It's not a religious war because I like us. It was a more like we grew up in communist. Albanians was not the religious, the way it's in Middle East, you know, Albanians, we marry among Christians. We don't have no issue. Albanians is like one of the best example you can live in a whole world because we have no issue. Christians or Muslims. We are friends. We celebrate all Christmas, Ramadan all together. So we have no issues between us. Of course lately we have very dangerous fanatics. We crazy fanatics because Albanians come out to go in a Syrian war over foreign number one country from the population, give more jihadists to the Isis and Al-Qaeda than any different countries.


So, but us, we was not religious like that. So we was modernized, educate, drink. I was, pardon? I was drinking. I was doing live no different from you and rest of the world. So we was no issue with religion. But the other side, they used to look us like that. The other side always used to look us, oh they are dangerous because they are Muslims, you know, they can threat us, they can kill us. But we was not like that. And They were supposedly Christians. Christians, yes. Orthodox Christians from no different from Russians. Holy shit. But Croatians are Catholics with Ts. We have very good relation.


We never had issues with them. Only with the Serbians. Chetniks was, they are, you know, like Slavic, no different from Russians. Wow. What happened? What, what happened with your parents? Do you have any brothers and sisters? I, one brother passed away here in eight, nine years ago. One of them, oldest one is in Switzerland. I had a, I bring my parents and arrest and my parents passed away few years ago in United States, the old US citizens. So I bring everybody, I'm the one I sponsor, bring all my family. Only my wife and kids are born and raised here. My parents become nationalized citizen from me here. And did they fight too?


No, my parents, no. My father served in Yugoslav military two years, but he served 1960. Your brothers And my brother did service, but he, he didn't caught up in a war. The youngest one. He came young here in US. So he didn't went in a war. How Did it end? The end was, it's good. My older brother, he served in a US love military. He did in 1988. So that time was no war. And my father did in 1940. It was no war that time and the rest of the family didn't serve. How did the war end? Oh, very brutal. Still it's, it's a threat.


Croatia separated. Yugoslavia is now seven countries. It should start Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia, Macedonia and Casso Montenegro. So it's seven different country from Yugoslavia. But still we have little issues. We have a US military in Kosovo, which is our number one protector. To us it's Albanians. We believe God is in the sky. America, it's in the ground. It's for Albanians, it's Albania and Kosso. It's like a 53rd state of us. You know, we are more pro, but we have also issue with the terrorist, with fanatics, definitely we have a problem. So it's not like we are clean. We not, because it was Albanian from COSO who came out in Frankfurt, Germany a few years ago.


If I don't make mistakes, six, seven years ago he execute two US marines in Frankfurt, Germany. He killed, he shot two or three. Wow. Yeah. And not to pass the, in 1991, October 9th, 1991, I tried to escape from the military from the war zone on November nine, October nine, I'm sorry. And I got caught in engine, the Belgar, I report and my father was in a bus and my brother-in-law that was trying to help me to escape the war. And I got arrested from military police. And there was one of the worst ever days I passed in my entire life.


I was tortured so badly when I had to use the bathroom, I was leaking blood. That's how they tortured me. Yugoslav military. How did they torture you? They handcuff me from the right hand with the left. And there was hitting me those black sticks they used to use in the military. I was bleeding badly. There was letting me stay in that. And there was doing in the right foot just to have me to admit I'm a leaving, I'm a deserter from military. And Sean for me was, or me to die or my family. So I decide to sacrifice myself, not to sacrifice my family.


So what I did it, I took the pain, they tortured me so badly and I never admit it. I said, I'm gonna die that day in military prison. I'm not gonna admit that I'm leaving the military. They torture me so badly after four days because in Yugoslavia I was a communist to have a little skills because 1981, my father was a police for four years in Yugoslav police that I'm a regular police. So I learned how they, when they torture people, if you take a pain for 72 hours, they will let you go. So if you don't take the pain and you give up, you said, yes, I did that, then of course you're gonna get tortured and you're gonna get the prison.


So now it was two things or me to die or my family. So I never admitted. And it took me from a, a military prison that sent me right away in a war zone. And you have a piece of paper proof. I send it to you guys and you can see it clear. In October 13, one of the officers, captain Kaino wire, he's the one who helped me sign that permit. I'm going to be for two days, visited my family, but actually I was not going to visit the family, but I was, he was helping me to leave the war because I was going to go in military court minimum 25 years just to enter the military court because I did that shot against Chetniks.


So I was between 25 years or death sentence. So I had no choice to do that. And I successfully left Yu Gustav army. My family thought I was dead. I went in my city that night, it was 4:00 AM midnight in the morning, and I jumped from the world. All my family thought I was dead. When I knocked the window of complete family was waiting for my dead body to send it from military. When they saw me alive in my city, everybody thought I was dead. I got killed because I was arrested from the military police. And then finally I received help from the, some family members.


And I left Yugoslavia in October of 14, 19 91. I, I went in Switzerland, took me 10 days journey to enter Switzerland from Yugoslavia. How did you get to Switzerland? From Yugoslavia? I, it was a long journey, I'll be very honest, not, not easy young guy to do like that. It's, I guess my nature. It's a little bit like brave. They help me to gimme a, a fake passport. Not fake passport, fake my picture, but different name. I never traveled like that. But I guess God gave me some kind of skills in my nature. That's how even I came out to CIA because I was capable.


You know, I'm a street smart, even I was not, who knows what kind of education in a school, but I was a Na natural street smart. And I came out to use that passport. My name was Ra. When I used that passport, I did use least all in my life, maybe 10 or 13 different names by now. So I took that passport. I traveled from Macedonia to Bulgaria. From Bulgaria, I flew to Italy. And Italy, I get arrested. There was not letting me go through from Bulgaria to Italy. I had a little cash with me.


And they, they keep me one night in a prison in Italy and they send me back to Bulgaria. But now if I don't come out my, with my ideas to enter Switzerland, if I go in Yugoslavia, I was going to be in the military, prison and life or death. So when you have this kinda situation, then now you gotta do whatever it takes to survive. You know, it's not like you have experience, but experience you guys do. It's little different because you have a strong support. When you have a US military or US government, you feel more strong. You know, it's a different feeling.


But me, I don't have that support. I have a, my support is, is only me how I'm gonna survive. So I was returning from Italy to Bulgaria and I called from my one of couple of best friend and a family member to come and help me. So they smuggled me from Bulgaria to Romania, illegal. And then from Romania, I did all my trips. Romania, Hungarian, Germany, Germany, Belgium, Belgium, France, France, Switzerland, holy. I entered Switzerland in October 26th, 1991 and all that. All that was, I mean, how did you fund that?


Oh, with money. How much money Does it take? It took that time. I believe it was not over 2300 marks that time. So basically like $2,300 because I was always using buses, local buses and stuff. So to pay a little cheap and stuff, not to be expensive. I never paid smuggler. So everything in my life I did. I never paid smuggler. All I did myself, I used to use You Did this all yourself, All myself. Just using my connection, friends, you know, like that. And knowing me how I was brave and tough. So always I used to receive support.


I mean That's a lot of friends in a lot of countries. Yes, Yes I do. Even today, Italy, I'm speaking Germany, Belgium, France, Sweden, I, I mean France, Belgium, yes. Holy shit. Yes. So you knew people in every one of these Countries? Every one of the countries. Yes. How, who were they? Were they family members? Albanians, Albanians, everywhere. Albanians, it's all connection. Even today, I'm speaking to you, I can easily say it. If you pick a globe and turn and put the finger, I'm sure I have a friend somewhere. Somehow it's kind of, I'm very friendly with people and I'm a loyal to my friends. It's not the job I did.


My friends are never bad guys. I never have a friend. Bad guys. When I said friend, bad guys, meaning ha, United States. All my friends are good with us, good with a life. Regardless what they do with their personal life. When it's come to choose a US or terrorist, I don't have no friends who side with terrorists. All I have friends who side a hundred percent with us. Wow. And so what, what happens when you get to Switzerland? I came out in a Switzerland in then I have a 10 or 15 first cousins in Switzerland. Included my older brother. He was working that time in Switzerland.


I stay in Switzerland for a couple of month from October to December. In December 23rd, I start working. After one week in Switzerland, I start working construction in Switzerland. Illegal, staying illegal. And I get arrested two days before Christmas. I'm sleeping in an apartment in Switzerland. And my brother and my first cousins, 10 of them, they was in a club. We were, they was all young. And they come in with two cars, I think 11 or 12 guys. And the police obviously know only Albanians can be six, seven guys in one small car. So they get arrested. So they come now they, when they arrest, they come close to the building.


I used to live, but nobody knew it what floor I was living because one of my cousins ar gave me free apartment for a few month because I came from military. Everybody knew it what I pa been through in the Yugoslav military. So they was kind of respecting me from my past where I did it. So they kind like treated me a little special than rest. The, the friends and cousins, I was like a, like a brave man to them and a special treatment. So they arrested me now and it was December 23rd, the police come 3:00 AM in apartment where I used to live in Geneva.


And me and one of my cousins was sleeping. The bell was ringing that night. And he said, it's a bell. I said, okay, wake up and just open the door. And he said, but I see people with a white shirt. I says, okay, you can open the door. They just want in 10, 15 cops, the Swiss police with the guns and everything. And they're telling us, don't move, don't move. And they in the French. And I was very little at that time in the French. Now I, I know because I used to live in a Geneva side and Quebec side. So I, I'm a good in five, six different languages. And now they're asking me for passport.


They turned the light on and the passport was next to tv. And that night I see a very bad dreams in a war. And he said your name. And I said he Samoa Yaku in French. And he looked at, oh shit, now what I'm gonna do, you know? And he, the other one get arrested, my brother get arrested and 10 other 15, 10 or 12 first cousins, all of them get arrested together. They send us in a prison in Geneva. I stay for four or five days in Geneva. Now it's my plan to survive because everybody gonna get deported in Yugoslavia.


And nobody's from military only me from the all of us. So what I'm gonna do, I need to plan something myself. They're taking us from Geneva to Zurich and from Zurich Tia to Yugoslavia. And now everybody walking in the airplane. It was two days after Christmas for between Christmas and New Year, 1991, I'm planning my plan B using my skills, everybody moving in a flight. I'm a last to enter the airplane. And I'm telling the police, I'm saying to him, miss Sue to me don the passport, which is, can you gimme the passport? He said, yes, I wanna show to you something.


And he gimme the passport with a boarding ticket. I took the passport, a complete passport in front of him and I, I throw in a floor and I pushed the police and then they punched me. That's why I was looking. I was looking to get hit. So to seek the asylum. And I was in a floor. Everybody walked in a flight, they closed the flight right away the door. Now they jump all the police in me. What I did, I said, moa, desert of military, the Yugoslavia. And they got stuck. When you mention deserter, meaning the Deserter, it was from Yuta military because that time La Albinus was deserting the Yuta military.


And they believe it. They sent me back to Geneva. They said, give me a translator. And I told the translator, look it, I can bring my military IDs. I'm from former military. I came from war zone from, and they bring the translator and they gimme asylum in Switzerland. Temporary. That was December, 1991. I stayed in in Switzerland from 1991 to October, 1994 in Switzerland. October, 1994, I came to United States. How did you get to the United States? It's very good question and it is excellent answer. In 1994, I have, my uncle came here in 1960.


He immigrated from Albania. He was a US citizen. So I dreamed all the time. I have my aunt and lot of first cousin. They came that time. So I always dreamed United States, you know, because they used to come from us to coso, to visit us. And you know, we see like all this is good, you know, to be in United States, you know, my first cousins, they always talking nice. Some of them, they born in us that time we talking 35 years ago because I have family members. They came 50 years ago, 60 years ago. And I was dreaming to come here. And Switzerland was not giving us asylum for good like in United States. They was giving us just temporary. All the former military was receiving status, only temporary in Switzerland.


So I asked my uncle, I said, can you send me invitation? I wanna come in the United States. He said, I would send it to you, but it's not easy to get that visa. I said, look, you send it to me, I'm gonna get the visa. And he sent me the visa and with his invitation, that denied. So when I did it, now I use again my skills. I got, I got the passport from somebody, a friend of mine. And I went in a US embassy in Switzerland and got the visa myself. I got the visa with a different name, not my name. Skoro gained my skills to get a visa in the US embassy. And I went in Zurich and I got visa.


They gave me multiply one year visa for us. I got a visa. I came in JFKI flew in October, 1994. And I, my uncle was waiting for me in JFK. And it was funny because like I'm using my skills not to trust still even my uncle, but not to tell him what I'm coming with name. So he's, he is coming in information in JFK calling for blur him. But my name was a different name, Fe Hui. So totally different name now. So he's avoiding the night report. I took cab from JFK, I mean Astoria according to his house.


And then I see my wife, my uncle's wife, she's American, not Albanian, American born. And Patricia, she said, welcome is the, she's asking me, I did the letter, a few words, where's your uncle? I said, I don't see my uncle. Then he, she paged her, him that time there was no cell phones. And then my uncle respond, said, where are you? I said, I'm in your apartment, how come you was not waiting? I said, because I took a different passport d different name, you know. And then he come and I start live in the us 1994.


Wow. That's quite the journey. Yes. That's quite the journey. Had you ever met your uncle before that was here in the us? Yes, I did. You did? Yes, I did. Yes. And how long had he been here before you arrived? Oh, he came here in 1960. Oh, 19. When did you meet him? Oh, he used to come always from here in, in my country. Okay. He was, he Used to, he was, he become us citizen and he had no problem to come to visit us. And you didn't trust him? I didn't trust him because I was fearing if I get arrested then I will put him in trouble. Gotcha. So I was trying to save him. Gotcha. You know How it's a loss. If he knows I'm coming with a fake passport, different name, he can get trouble.


Holy shit. Yeah, that's quite the journey. And how old, how old were you when you got to the US farm? I was 20, 23, 24, All that for in, in three to four years. Yes. Yes. After the military. Three, four years. So I started military in 19, I finished 20. And after 20 it's until 2019 94. So basically 23, 24 at young age with the strong skills. Let's take a quick break. When we come back, we'll pick up with your life in the US No Problem.


We all value our freedom, privacy, and financial security. But cyber criminals don't. Hackers, scammers and thieves are trying to steal what is rightfully yours. Every day. I'm always looking for ways to protect my family and to keep their personal information secure, which can be tough in my line of work. This is why I trust Identity Guard. With Identity Guard, you're not flying blind. They monitor your identity, credit and social security number in real time. So you get instant alerts before the damage is done. When you sign up, you get access to their USA based customer care team who is available to you 24 7. You also get up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, dark web monitoring bank and investment account protection, and home and auto title fraud alerts. Listen to this offer from Identity Guard. Identity Guard is offering our listeners a 30 day free trial and 60% off when you go to Identity Guard dot com slash ss. That's 30 free days and 60% off at Identity Guard dot com slash ss. That is less than what you're paying for that streaming service you forgot to cancel this month. That's I-D-E-N-T-I-T-Y-G u.com/srs to sign up for a 30 day free trial and get 60% off. Certain terms apply. So be sure to check the site for details.


Ask 10 people to define the word capitalism. This subject comes up all the time, but do you know what it means? Find out with Understanding Capitalism. A free online course from Hillsdale College. They offer more than 40 free online courses. You can learn about the United States Constitution or even the history of the ancient Christian Church. Hillsdale recently launched a new course Understanding Capitalism that I've been watching. In seven lectures you'll learn about the role of profit and loss. How human nature plays a role in our economic system. Why capitalism depends on private property rights, the rule of law, and above all freedom. I believe all Americans should learn more about economics. Understanding these concepts can make you more informed and even help you grow your own business. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism, there's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/ss.


Alright, Blair, we're back from the break. You're coming to the us I know you worked a lot of odd jobs and then you got picked up and started working with the Albanian Mafia, but, and we'll get to that, but so arriving into us, you're living at your uncle's house with his family, what's, what do you start doing In, after a few months? I stay, if I don't make a mistake, two or three months until my, I got my own apartment, my own apartment. I got somewhere in February, 1995 and I applied for asylum 95.


I start in December 94 and then we send the papers to immigration in 1995 and my asylum was right away approval. And granted in May, 1995, I got granted political asylum in us, which is, it was my dream come true, you know, I was always dreaming that and I become like very quick, very easy. A lot of people was struggling and suffering, not being able to become a a US resident. I did in less than three, four month and after I got granted 95, I started working.


I did a lot of different jobs in a restaurant construction. I was doorman, I was in a cleaning company and supporting my family, I was always full-time worker, never no job. And somewhere 95, 96, it started breaking a war in Yugoslavia between my country, Kosova and Yugoslavia. Because those years it was Venia and Croatia where got separated. So it was left over Kosova and Montenegro and Macedonia and it was not easy, I'll be very honest, I was working hard and single person with one check, paying the bills and supporting family was not easy and it was good you to make a living for yourself.


But that time my family was not working in Yugoslavia. So I had over my back maybe 10, 15 family members, no job in Cosovo. So there was all dependent from me. So all my family was waiting for me. So no pension, no income, no nothing, just blur to send to them. And I was young hanging out with becoming friends with La Albanians. And one day it was 1996, I'm in a bar with all Albanians, you know, drinking party again, I'm a through the religion Muslim, but you know, enjoying life, nothing Shri, no wahabi, no Shri Islam.


And I'm telling my friends, look, I'm having a little hardship, you know, supporting my family and stuff. But I always used to live by myself. No roommate, no nobody, just my own apartment and enjoy the life. And one day they approached me, they said, look, we can help you, you know, and I said, help, you know, how is the help possible? They said, you know, we can send, we can, you can send drugs to Albania. I said drugs to Albania. Now I never did that, you know, first time, you know, having this conversation, I was in a military service war and stuff like that, but not, but in a community. I was highly respected in New York.


So by knowing my past, how I got arrested in the military, because it was not easy, somebody to survive that torture, it's, it's crazy, you know? So now everybody knows that torture I did. And you know how I served in a Croatian war, you know, was one of the most dangerous war in Balkan. So kind of not kind of, but even in a, a mafia community, my name start becoming among the five six families, Gambino, crime, family, Genovese, Bonano, Lucchese, all these ma Italian mafia included Albanians. And I was respected.


We was hanging out in one of the Gambino crime club in Benson. Used to be well known neighborhood of it, mobsters in New York. I used to live in that neighborhood, you know, living all in the middle of the mobster. So all surrounded with mafia and I kinda blend in good with good skills and now it's quick spread the rumors. Oh, he came from the war, you know, knowing through the media, he comes from the war zone. They give you highly respect. You know, they treat you more than the rest of the people, you know, because, you know, surviving in that Croatian war, it's kind of big things.


I start the trip, first trip. If I don't make mistake somewhere, end of 96, first drug dealing, sending jokes to Albania. So hold on. What, what's going through your head when the Albanian mafia says we can help, we just need you to push drugs to Albania. W the, the those moments, for example, I didn't much ask because I know the nature of the mafia. It's not to ask too much questions. Because if you ask questions, then you are raising question. Maybe you work for government, you know, because my asylum was granted right away. So a lot of them were still illegal because that time in the US nobody was asking you for documents. You know, you can live here, you know, like arrest the illegal immigrants, nobody will ask you if you have any paper, you know?


So it was like, like normal, everybody else. And since I start hanging out with them, I said not to ask questions. All I need to follow the whatever they tell me to follow, you know, nothing, no questions. And they say, they teach me how to do all these things. And I said, okay, do we start, you know, hanging out, being more close to them, more, you know. But they had a good reputation. I tell you this Albanians Italian mafia was very dangerous, but Italian mafia would not play with Albanian mafia because they was taking them too serious. Albanians was killing them with no problems. You know, it was more kind of serious Albanians than Italians, you know, they used to see them than when I came out to the prison than I found out Albanians was really more strong than Italians.


So the Italian mafia was, they were scared of the Albanians? Absolutely, a hundred percent. Absolutely. Even me, for example, when I was in that club in the look the, the time mafia, how there was functioning, you know, when it's a club, they all know each other. Even it's not social club, but they all know each other. So now they know it. This guy who came from the war and it's me. And I was used to be known like Benny, my nickname was Benny, everybody used to know me Benny. So now, oh, Benny came from the war. So when I walk in that club, they always respect me. So, but I never worked with Italian mafia. I never had no any, we, I had a friends, you know, we communicated thank out, but never any business like being a in Italian mafia map.


So it was friendly, Friendly, friendly. But never been in, in in map. Never Italian. Never crossed the business line. No, never. Just with Albanian. Did you know these guys were in the mob before they approached you? No, I never knew it until I start, I think I believe second or third trip, then I start becoming friendly, seeing them gambling, just using drugs, drinking party, you know, all these things. And controlling, gambling, you know, they used to control a lot of gambling stuff in New York City, Albanians, they used to control a lot of the Italian mobs, you know, it's not like Albanians was not like a big group, but small group, very strong, very loyal to each other.


Interesting, interesting. What else? What else was the mafia into in New York? Gambling. Gambling, drugs was always drugs in them. Prostitution, always with them. Sex, traffick, Arian, extortion, all this, whatever. It's in a all The bad shit. All illegal things. They used to be under the control of mafia. And so let's, let's talk about how you got into drug running. What kind of drugs was it? It's, it's, it was cocaine. Okay. Sending cocaine from United States. First I start in Albania for a few trips and then from Albania I start doing to Italy. Then I start dealing with the mobis of Albania Mobis in Italy.


Okay, so you went, so lemme get, lemme just get this straight. So they sent you to Albania? Yeah, I flew from a JFK to Italy. Used to change flight in Switzerland or Germany. Always. It was a transit. Germany, Frankfurt or Italy. And then from Italy to Albania, but mostly of the time Germany and Albania or Switzerland, Albania. So did you live there or would you come back to New York? I would Come always back to New York. I just send the drugs, bring the money, send the drugs, bring the money. So we used to take two pieces, one piece, one piece of cocaine, send it, or two sometimes we used to be two, three of us sent six, seven kilos and come back with money.


Did you have any fear about going back? Back, fear, back to go where? Albania No, I didn't have no fear. None. No. How would you smuggle the drugs In the body? We used to, we used to sew a little bit those like a swimming suit, tight and make a piece of pieces in the body. That time was, it's a very, I can explain a little bit. Checks in air airport used to be very different, very easy. You couldn't smuggle, you couldn't walk. Like I used to have a nice three piece of suit, nice clothes and drugs inside and tie it up good in a body and you, you pass it through before you do the trip.


Same clothes we wear and we go do test one day before, if it's going through alarm detector, if it goes those closed alarm detector, then you change it, you do something close, no belt. So either ring the alarm. So the next day I used to smuggle the drugs, take the drugs from New York, send it to Albania or Italy and then Italy in a sell it in the street. But I never dealt in a street live meaning selling in the streets always. I used to deal with big guys like bosses. Strictly transport. Yeah. Just you know, not smuggling and selling in the street. Never dealt in the street cell.


So how would they, how would the cocaine be packaged? Well, the way it comes from Columbia, It would be in A, yeah, in a piece break. Yes. Always break. And you wouldn't break it up and it, No, never break because if you break then they don't wanna buy it. So always heart breaks. I used to take, it was time three KIS in the body. So one in the front and two sides, a three pieces suit. Very nice suit, tie by businessman with a suitcase with you. Pass it. No problem. Wow. How many times did you do this? I did easy, I can say minimum 10 times.


Minimum times eight to 10 times? Yes. And what would the process be like when you got to Albania? Oh, hanging out over there. Three, four days given to the people we used to always have waiting people with money. Just, you stay three days to one week, not to be suspicious when you come back in us. So not to raise suspicious how you come right away next day. So you stay, hang out, enjoy. Albania. Albania cost one. We can come back, bring the money, no problem. How Much do you get smuggle in a key cocaine in El mania, It was kilo. That time was $55,000 a kilo. 55,000 kilo? Yes. Yes. So you're smuggling about three kilos a trip?


Yes, 150. It was a time, one shot. I bring it the highest amount of money, $560,000 cash. Holy Shit. And that's all for you to keep With a group? With the Group, yeah, with a group, yeah. Sharon, we was always partners in Sharon. So that was, that was your money. You didn't need to transport the money and give it to the Albanian mob. Back in New York, that was share 5,003. We used share. There was three, four of us all the time sharing. How much would you be able to keep? It was a time 80,000. 90,000 per kilo then? Oh, per kilo was maybe per kilo. I can say eight to $9,000.


Eight to, so you would get paid. Yeah. Roughly. A little under $10,000. Yes. Per kilo. Yes. Yes. It's a lot bigger than working at a, A cleaners. Absolutely, yeah. Big different. It's especially like this is a trick, you know, you think it's a big money, sweet money. But that's the worst thing today, I would freely said, I would never even dream even advise anybody to do any work like that. Because that's short time. What do you think would've happened if you would've said, no, I don't wanna smuggle drugs In the beginning?


Nothing. Nothing, nothing. Absolutely. I need the money. So they didn't care. They, they have a man. It's not that everybody was brave the way I used to with the military experience, but there still was people to do and still continue doing. They don't do the way they did it. They change all those things, but they're still doing drugs would never stop. It's a business. And so what would the meetup look like? How would you know who you're meeting over there? In Europe? Yes. Always through the friends, you know, always through the names, always through the mediator. So I go for example, to one of the family members from here in Albania, not to my family, to the members of the group.


And then they waited for me in, I report, they're taking me home. I stay in the apartments in Albania and next day they come in to take the drugs, giving the money, always drugs, money, exchanging, never alone. So always paid in the spot, in the hand, given the joy taking the money. Did your family know you were doing this? No. Your uncle? No, nobody. You don't think they, you don't think they picked up on it? I never showed to them money. My family knew that I, over there was easy to believe because I was telling them I'm doing two job. So I was never telling my uncle how much I'm sending over there because then he will know what I'm doing.


So I try to keep very strict because I learn one thing in the crimes. If a person knows he can be charged with the crime. So I learned that part to keep the secret. But after like few years, my uncle found out I did it. And then we're gonna come to the point. It's a funny part how my wife caught me doing the drug dealing. Found out it's very didn, didn't even believe, Let's go. I'm in a phone using different language, Serbian talking to somebody in a Serbian because my wife is born and raised in us.


Then I was never sure she, she understands Serbian. I never thought she was five or six years old. They left us to live in the Vale called Preva, which is in the Serbian side. Her parents took her for a couple of years to live there when she was young and she went in Serbian school. I never told my wife she was no Serbian. So I'm talking in the phone home, having a nice conversation. I got married, I hung up the phone. My wife, she think I'm working restaurant and I took her to work with me. And then she came out, she said, you're drug dealer.


I said, how you know? That's what she said. How do you know? Yeah. I said, baby, she's telling me you just had a conversation about drugs. You're talking to Serbian. And then she tell me whatever I said, I said, geez, what happened with me now? That's how I caught up my wife to know what Was the conversation I was, we was making meeting, how are we gonna take the drugs? But I was home. So for my wife not to know, I told them, look, we're gonna talk in this language because my wife, she doesn't know she's American born. You know, I never thought American can learn Slavic, you know, it was like common sense.


How did she respond to that? Oh, she didn't like that. She didn't like that. She freaked out. If my family knows I married a, a drug dealer, they will hate me. Her family. It's, it's interesting because before I got married, we met each other. We dated, we met each other. It's a, it's a, in a documentary, it's like some party's like a love story in, I met her in 19 96, 97, I'm sorry, in Albanian party. And that time I was, you know, my name was the best in Albanian community. I was, everybody used to know it's Albanian mob, Albanian gangster, very good reputation driving Mercedes, few years in United States, you know, not a lot of immigrants can do that.


Bulletproof car, you know, all these things. I'm, I start dating her for a few month and I'm picking the phone, calling her parents, you know, to get engaged. And the first thing her father asked me, what do you do for a living? I said, I work in restaurant. How long you been here? I said, I've been here three, four years. He said, I cannot give you my daughter, you know, you just wanna marry her because you wanna become us citizen. But I was very granted asylum, you know, I didn't need to get married with my wife to become US citizen. I said, look sir, I don't need to get married. I have my papers. I'm traveling to my country. I don't have no problem with the papers. No, he said, and he hung up the phone.


I said, okay, if you hang up the phone then, then we start, I, we en engaged and she took a vacation with the parents. We plan everything. And so in June 96 at seven they're going back to Kosovo and they are on vacation. And after a couple of weeks, I'm going in vacation too. But I decide with my wife to get married and I told her, my family, I'm gonna come in Kosovo and make a wedding party and get married. And I'm going, the parents in Kosovo, they don't want to give it to her to get married. They told her no. And I said, look, are you gonna get married? She tell her parents in front of me, you know what I love my husband, my boyfriend.


We was engaged and I'm gonna go with him. She had a, you know, a, a choice. It's was 20 years old, 19 between 19 and 20. So she left the family and come and got married with me in Caso. And then we come in US in ninety seven, ninety eight. My first daughter was born April 98. And the second daughter was born in September, 1997. In 1999. But those years then I start drug dealing, working always. I always used to have a job. So to be good to the government side, paying taxes and everything, but doing drug dealing.


And your wife, she found out before you got married or after? After she found out. After we got married. And you kept doing it? I kept doing that, yes. Then money was sweet. Money was sweet. And it's, Did she come to terms with it? I then, I used to take her a couple of times. A few times. I used to take her with me when I used to go. Then I start changing, working myself, working with Italy only, not no more with Albania. Now I build a, a relation friendship with Italians and I used to work myself in Italy. Then I used to take her with me just to look good in, I reports like a couple traveling, just you know, like the customs now to be suspicious in what we're doing.


So I used to take her and just fly to, from JFK to Italy, all this using transit. Even going to Italy, I used to always use Germany. Interesting. So what did the Albanian mafia think when you started working for the Italian? They never thought I was working for Italian. I was working for myself. But I have a good relation friendship with mobsters. So nothing like I'm under them. I'm also in my own, but not under mafia. So there was no, No not suspicious anything. I never, I always keep my loyalty to Albanian mobsters.


How did the conversation serve with the Italians? I learned language. They, the conversation start reputation building up. I build my name from beers, Brooklyn, New York. So when you build in New York, you are hanging out with mobsters, you know, always become friends, drinking together every night in a bars. And that's how, you know, build a friendship with them. How they approach you, How they see how they're respecting my people, how they was respecting me. They used to know I came from the military, they used to know I came from the war zone. We used to have a conversation when we in a club, we always talk, you know, I was there, you know, we did this, we did that, you know, then now you become strong, you know, because I barely saw anybody being in a past like me.


You know, I was, I didn't see anybody coming from the war, like the way I came. So it was like only me in the group being, of course there was guys in a street life way. They did crazy things. Beating, breaking legs, breaking arms. There was guys like that. But to them was still, they can do that. But if Benny get crazy, he can shoot us. So Benny's respected, it's among ourself. We can play and joke, but still we gotta respect him for his past. So you saw him breaking people's legs and It's not eyewitnesses, but I knew it when they came from the situation.


I, I, I knew it. They broke somebody's legs or you know, I hear the, they shot somebody in a trunk. They told me we shot somebody and left him in the car in the trunk. They would just tell you this. Yeah, Yeah. There's no problem. And I know who was the person who got shot. Gimme one example, It's one of, it's Albanian. It's considered like a traitor to them. And I can, I wa think his name because it's a little long time. And they told me we shot so and so and then I found out he got shot and they left him in his car in the trunk.


And then I know people got beat up, breaking legs, breaking jars and stabbing knife and stuff like that. I used to know I went far. I used to know son-in-law of the John Carmine. We was in the same room in a prison. I met John Jr. From Gambino crime family. I met boss of Colombo family. I met Genovese boss with one of them, Anthony Spiro who passed away in prison. He was my cell partner. He is, he was head of the Genovese. Anthony Spiro was life sentence. He was my cell partner.


So I spent time with head co-founder of the bloods in New York pistol. Pete and his son is in Florence, Colorado. I was very close with him. He was my cell partner. Three years we went alone. Excellent. Wow. Did you know who these guys were at the time? Not at the time, No. No. In the beginning. Some of the mobis I used to know like from the Gambino for example, one of the two brothers, Saul and Tommy, I knew there was a wise guys. There was a, you know, very strong in a rank, in a Gambino crime family. How did you eventually get picked up? It's again, it's my past.


I mean in prison. In a prison. I tell you this is the best part of the story of the life. That trip Sean, I did not do that trip. I was set up. I was not in involved in that trip. When I get arrested, it's a mistake of the US government. When I say mistake of US government, how informers was using government. So informer, one of the informers, there was two of them, he came out from the prison and few where he did, I start lending him money.


We used to do lawn shark in little bit and he sent somebody in Pakistan for drugs. His, he's dead today, he's deceased in a prison. They said that he got killed or something. But it's not my problem. I don't care. He deserve, he got what he deserved. And This guy, he who set me up, he said one day we coming from the Bronx to Queens. He said, we used to call each other son. He said be careful, maybe government one day arrest you. They can tell you I'm informal but I'm not Sean. When you don't have no, when you're not in a system, federal prison, look, you have a very strong good experience.


I see you part of the life story. You've been in a ceo, you've been in a intelligent agency and it's excellent experience you have, but it's a different my experience. You can know the laws a little bit. I don't know the laws. Only time you learn the laws today speaking with you, I'm like a paralegal. I know the law very well. I can tell you about all US laws. You will never believe it. So I'm coming in inform, telling me, hey, be careful. If they arrest you, they can tell you, you know, I'm working for the FBI. I don't believe one of my first cousin told me one day, look cousin, don't trust Nick because Nick is a FBI informer.


I said, come on, Nick cannot be informer because he knows me. I come from the war I was shooting, you know, he's fearing me. But I learned all these two years. When I was friend with that informer, when he talked to his family, he always mentioned my name because his phone was tapped. So if something happened, he get killed. So he, they know his family, who he was with, you know. So every time he's with me, he talk to his wife or somebody or family. And then, oh, I'm with Benny. Benny. Benny. Benny Ban. And then one day he got me paranoia and I told him, son, how come you always tell mention my name in the, oh no, no, just because I love you.


Okay, one day we play in pool and somebody call him from Greek, he was deported. He was arrested and deported. He stay in a federal prison. But This guy went in a bathroom. So the phone ring and ringed and the guy who got killed was Vito Albanian guy in a trunk from the past story we was talking. He came in my mind head, his name is Vito Albanian name. So he got killed from one of the Albanian mobsters. He was shot in the head in a trunk. So now Ian, it's the guy Albanian who called him from the Greece. This guy is in the bathroom, the informer.


But he's my friend, my ex-friend. And I answered the phone, his phone and This guy cursing me saying, Hey you mother F why you not answering the phone? You fing a snitch. This that. I said, yo, who you talking to? You know I'm not Nick, I'm Benny. Oh, I'm sorry, where is Nick? He's not answering my phone. I said, he's in the bathroom. He said, you know, he's an informer. I said, really? So he had a lot of signs, yeah, as This guy was an informer. But Sean was too late for me. This is he come in 1991, it's very, I'm a government is very investigating me. They watching me.


So I'm very followed from the US government, from the F-B-I-M-D-A. So it was no more only choice was me to stop. But they still was building case against me. So what he did, he asked me to do a favor to send him $21,000 in Pakistan. I didn wired from the Western Union. I make that mistake in my name. But I was young and it's not like I thought, I used always myself to say, hey he this is gonna be scared to snitch me because he knows my past but he didn't. He snitched me and I don't want to use that.


It was informal, you know, we're trying to be more polite in a language so the viewers not to think, now I'm going rough in the people. And I sent $21,000 to somebody who was in Pakistan and he was connected to one of the most wanted, you have a picture with Bin Laden. So he was supportive of Bin Laden. I saw picture with him and Bin Laden after I went to Pakistan. So now I wired $21,000. And This guy comes back in somewhere November, 1999 and he get arrested in in New York, but he doesn't tell nobody. He gets arrested in six or seven Albanian group of the mafia or everybody goes in jail.


Only this one get bail. So now everybody rumors, how come This guy get bail? Long story short, he doesn't call me. He doesn't come to see me. He owns me $21,000. So inform Nick, he tells me you have to go yourself in Pakistan, me to pay you the money. But he was setting me up. Now it's not. I'm not, I'm a hundred percent clean. I'm according to the US laws and I'm witnessing today in this interview, I was a hundred percent clean. I was never dealing with heroin, never dealing with Afghanistan or Pakistan. All I was dealing with cocaine with Italy, never with terrorists.


So I was always used to think if I give them money so that money is going to support terrorists. So I was keeping myself because us was to me my dream place. So regardless what I do with Italy and gangs and mafia, long as I keep myself clean with terror group. So I don't mind dealing with mafia. I mind dealing with terror group. So This guy send me to Pakistan. We know y'all love your guns. Now imagine kicking your shooting experience up a notch with a suppressor from Silencer Shop your range days get even better and your hunts become unforgettable. Shooting suppressed is cooler, quieter and honestly just a heck of a lot more fun.


Yes, silencers are totally legal in most states and Silencer Shop makes getting one easier than ever. Suppressors mean tighter groups less kick and no more ringing ears at the end of the day. Whether you are after that trophy buck ringing steel targets or just enjoy the range with friends, adding a suppressor transforms your firearm from pretty good to downright amazing silencer shops got the biggest and best selection of suppressors, perfect for any firearm and any shooting style. But they do more than just sell Silencers. Silencer Shop is out there every day defending your second amendment rights and fighting for our freedoms nationwide. Do your guns and your rights a favor. Head over to Silencer Shop and see how much better your guns can be.


Silencer Shop is the best way to get a suppressor. Must be 21 or older, not legal in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island and Washington DC This that is paid for by Silencer Shop. I'm taking a first trip in February of 2000 in Pakistan. That's my first trip in my life in Pakistan. I'm going over there not knowing nothing. Country never visited my life. Landing over there. I took my wife with me, which is strictly over there bad. But I never took my wife when I was meeting. And now this informer has a good strong relation friendship with one of the Pakistani wanted, he's still wanted today he's in a still a BI wanted list and I'm going his name, I can say it, it's not, I don't mind to say his name.


His real name is Hai. It's lives in a tribal area in Peau. Maran. It's a city phar near the Afghanistan border. So he still wanted from early nineties, he's still in FBI. He's indicted twice in Eastern District Court. First trip landing in Karachi Pakistan from Karachi, Pakistan. I'm going to Islamabad Pakistan in Islamabad. I'm waiting for This guy. But This guy, he knew what he wanted. He was very smart and he doesn't come in my time. He call in hotel and hotel tell me you have phone call from guest And he said it's you.


I said, yeah, it's me. I'm gonna come and see. I waited one week, 10 days, he doesn't want to come and see me and I'm calling the informer. I said that time he was my friend. I said, he said this is how it works. You gotta wait only in his time. Then one time he, he show up nighttime, he doesn't want to get caught up in the cameras and stuff. He walks in, he is known Amir, AKA Amir. But his real name Meir Kha. He said, hi, how are you? Good English speaking. You know, at that time he was easy. I was maybe 26, 27, 27. He was for sure 40, 45 said Look, you wanna do this?


I said, yeah, I bring some money. I give him a, if I don't make mistake, another $20,000 cash to him. So for the chip. So he preparing five kilos of heroin to bring it back. So I took after one week, five kilos of heroin. How he did it, Sean, it's a good part. When we was sitting, I start hanging out a few times I went to visit him, I went in, he took me to Afghanistan to see how they grow in the opinion. They have maybe at least five, 6,000 security, those afghanis with AKs and stuff like that. But I was clean shape. It's different than working for CIA. So I was like clean western guy, no beer, no nothing.


So it's a little big different than when I worked for the CIA. He took me over there. He said, look, we're gonna plan this trip, but I want to tell you one thing I know I'm wanted in the US government. He tell me straight up, the first time when I went in his house, he tell me I'm wanted from the US government. If I wanna be bad guy, I can send a bomb the way I'm gonna send you drugs and you can leave it in JFK and blow the JFK. That's what he told me in the first trip in 2000 we talking Wow One, there was not too much Al-Qaeda skin, you know the Al-Qaeda because you have experience but now the rest of the world, you know.


So at age 27 I meeting him first time in somebody who hates the US and then I see picture with not just him with Bin Lain in the crew, black and white picture. And he's in one of the corner bin Lain in the middle. He was a former Muja, he was shot in the Afghan war. So he fought with Muja Russian war. So it's a former Muja against Soviets. So it's not young. And we talking nice conversation. He taking me to Afghanistan coming back and I stay I think around three weeks for sure. Where did you go to Afghanistan, do you know? Near the tribal area.


We passed through the maron. We went to from Stan site and we went, I went far as Kandahar, we went to Kandahar. I was in Kandahar. I was one time, I think we visited for few hours, massage Sharif. So we spend those tribal area where it's always controlled from time. That time was co complete control from Taliban. It's not Taliban after collapse. So time when I was there was control of that Taliban and nice, I came and bring the drugs. It was excellent. What, what Was the point of you going to Afghanistan?


He just wanted to show you the fields and How he is strong. He wants to bring me in, he wants me to kind of recruit me in in day view. My, my interest was just to take the drugs and bring it and get my money. My interest was nothing. Be Al-Qaeda not supporting terrorist. My interest was to bring the drugs so I can get my money and finish this. So I bring the drugs in. They bring the drugs, they pass the customs in Pakistan, they bring it in a bathroom. After you do the, all the checkpoints, because in Pakistan they patch you down.


When you enter the airport, they patch you down. But the police of Pakistan, the police, This guy has a old connection. Police brings the drugs in a bathroom. So one day before I meet the police outside and I know that police gonna bring the drugs. So he bring west with wearing himself. So now when you pass the customs, Pakistani costumes, they open the luggage and they put the tag. The luggage is searched so they don't have to go through and they patch you down. You go the alarm detector and everything and you clean, you pass the security before you board. It's a bathrooms. So he goes, the police goes first, he comes watch me and I follow him.


So he goes in one bathroom, he takes his west in the bathroom, he comes out, I enter the bathroom, I wear the west in the bathroom. So I'm clear in the customs now five kilos of heroin west, it's in my body. So now I'm just waiting to board. When you board in airplane, they check the ticket. It's a, it was screened bag, the carry on. And they know they not, they don't have to touch it because it was went to checkpoint. But drugs is in my body. So I'm coming now from Karachi to Shannon Erland and then from Shannon to JFK. When I come to JFK, I passed one time.


But first trip I came from Karachi to Canada. Toronto I never came back. What I did, Sean, we planned the trip for me to avoid the suspicious because when you come in customs here, they ask you where you coming from and if you tell them you're coming from Pakistan, they will right away suspicious. But when you tell them you coming from Canada, it's no problem, you know? But in Canada, when I, I come look Sean, it's, I wanna just to to understand something very clear, you plan this kind of life in a intelligent way.


You to avoid detection. You, we planned this before. How they, the government function, what can avoid tracing you? So when you come in from Pakistan to Canada and in Canadian customs, I said I couldn't get straight flight for JFK. I have one day to stay in Canada. So you just, you know one word, you're lying to them protecting yourself because Canadians, they think okay, you're gonna go back to New York tomorrow. So they don't need to ask you if you bringing anything, you know, you clean just transit one day. You understand. So then when you come in, in Toronto, the next day when the customs in J, you come straight because in that time in Canada you pass the customs on the Canada, when you come in LaGuardia, you go straight in the street, they don't search you, they don't ask no questions.


You pass in the custom in Canada. So I'm clear, I bring the drugs five kilo. That's the first trip we wanna make. How many, How many passports did you have? All my life I did maybe 12 or 13. 12 or 13 passports. Yes. Yes. Where Would you get the passports? It's Very easy. Everywhere. All like four or five times. I had the passport from CIA. Four times. Least Not those ones. Yes, just let's Mine mine. It's maybe at least six, seven times buying from the people. They would just make 'em for you. No problem. Any passports, you name it, I couldn't get it. So you would fly to Canada from Pakistan on a different passport than you would come from And, and and come with my passport.


Original travel document, US travel document. I used to use my name so I can be clear. I will not show the passport. I had a visa for Pakistan because you know to go in Pakistan you have to have a visa regardless if you are citizen or anybody, everybody who travel to Pakistan, you have to have a, a Pakistan visa, you have the visas in passport. So I used to use two different passports all the time. So would you go from the US to Canada to Pakistan? Yes. Okay, so it just looked like you were in Canada and then you would keep that passport separate. So it just looked like you were in and out of Canada Use it. Two different passports. Okay. Okay. And so how did you get, how did you get arrested?


How did they catch it? Oh, I'm, I'm coming in May, 2000. Coming, getting arrest. When I went in May, 2000. I'm gonna make a short this because we have a lot of story and he, he's setting me up now. It's a clear, I'm not dealing, I'm going second trip because those first drugs I bring, he said it's no good informer telling me. But informer saying to the FBI and da, I'm dealing with ban, different ban, not with Nick. All the drugs. He's telling the government, I'm not dealing with informer, I'm dealing with a totally different source. But he's a double agent. He's profiting himself. He's using DEA and VI.


He's giving information but he never telling the DA and FBI, he's dealing with drugs, I'm dealing with somebody. So he's only informal. So he's profiting from himself in a drug dealing and his profiting from the government paycheck, it's a double agent. So then he's telling me we have to go, you have to go back, bring another fi five kilos. I said come on man. I go, I had a bad accident over there in in Pakistan with horse, I'm not bringing drugs. Two different people bringing drugs from Pakistan to Germany. In Germany, somebody else supposed to come.


What informer does in him, Andi's wife sets my sets up, my sister-in-law and my wife. So my sister-in-law to come and bring the drugs because his wife used to know my sister-in-law. But I'm with those two different carriers in Pakistan. So we bring in the drugs. Then in Germany, I see my sister-in-law and my wife was in Germany and I got mad, but there was last minute change plan. So he plan, so my sister-in-law get arrested and I take the blame. So now we coming from Germany to JFK, they're letting me go through informer, give information about my sister-in-law.


So now I passed the costumes. Then I see my sister-in-law get stopped and my wife and that time it was on my door with them. Baby this is one of the worst mistake in my life I ever forgive myself. This is the worst part. And then I walked in, I walked in and I said to the customs, I'm with them, I said to myself, I have no choice. But the agents, the custom agents played me very dirty in my life, very unfair. In United States you have to have a Miranda Rights.


The agent, custom agent, I name, I remember his name to the day I die, Jamal, he left the door cracked a little bit and my baby, my daughter year and a half was walking around and he's in the office with me, me and him. He says, sir, we have two, you have two choices or you to take this blame or asked to take your daughter to put in a shelter to somebody else. And I didn't know my rights. And I said to myself, you know what, it was a very hard feeling. Moments I, I said okay, let my daughter go home.


I take full responsibility, I take all the blame. I didn't do that trip. I said, I'm a man, I will take the blame and then let my daughter go home and let my wife and my sister-in-law. I took that. But I was happy if I was given, right? No, but I was happy. I saw my child going home because I make a mistake. Every father would do that for the child. And I get arrested for prison sending me to Metropolitan Detention Center.


This is not first time in a prison. But regarding my mistakes, how father can let that, you know, I was meant to die. I was meant to be killed. I was meant to be shot. But you know not to take a blame for your child. Every normal human being would do that. And this is the part when I get arrested and I said to myself, you know what? It's okay I'm gonna pay this. I did that. But We miss how old was your, Was your daughter? Year and a half.


Only year and a half was walking the oldest one Before in the drug dealing time I was involved with KLA. We missed one of the good part. In 98, 99, I went from here to fight to help my people in Kosawa war one US bombing was in 78 days. Yugoslavia. I was inside fighting for my people. I was also another war joint kosawa, liberation army. I volunteered from us, from New York City. I didn't stay long four month until the war finished.


And then when I came from the war, I was very like extremely good reputation. Like they used to look me like I'm a killer. They used to look me like I'm two different wars men, you know, one in Croatian, one in KO celebration. I'm very brave human. So now getting arrested and not taking a blame, you know it's, I get charged with conspiracy to import one kilogram. Were you a killer? The second time I was warrior. What did you do In a war? Fighting against sirs with bottom of my heart. With not even thinking.


Second thought, if I have to kill, I will kill. Did you kill? I was shoot, I was shot. You never go to see victims. We ne you never. You always distance, but you always shoot it it it's not, it's a war. So if I have the gun with me, I'm in a war zone. I'm defending my country, defending my people. Proudly. Proudly. If I have to do with two countries, I will fight. Even today, I have no problem to fight for us. I have no problem to fight for my country. If they call me today, I'm volunteering anywhere, any zone, I have no problem.


I get arrested. I've been put now in a prison among the middle of terrorist, all kind of groups, you name it, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Al-Qaeda. Actually I wanna share one of the pictures because it's very good pictures with I have one of the pictures in a prison maybe 1, 2, 4 or five different members of theo groups with me in prison, I become very quick mu in a prison you become what me, the leader of Muslims calling for prayer and become prisons are run from the Muslims.


Every federal prison runs from the Muslims. So I become a strong leader in the Muslim community. I start dealing with the FBI and DEA cooperating, taking my blame. When I took my blame, I was promised to be released in a short period of time. I got two years to hold pretrial prison. So in nine 11 I got caught up being in a cell with one of them or four or five guys that bring the bombing from Canada to la.


2000 million bombing. One of the terrorists was my cell partner. I can mention the name, it's not a problem, it's public information. It's you know, URI Algerian, born with Canadian and Algerian passport, SSAM and mech. There was three or four of them the smuggling bomb from Canada to Los Angeles that time in in 2000. So one of them was my cell partner and dealing with FBI and DEA but you know now nine 11 become, so September 11 I'm in a cell with one of the terrorists, but he was not convicted yet.


He was only arrested. So it's a 2000 and 2001. So he got arrested in Los Angeles bombing and bring in a prison. So he become cell partner with me. First flight hit the twin tower. I'm in the seventh floor, my room cell, its tower, the to Freedom Tower. You can see both buildings. Hudson River, Manhattan and Brooklyn. I'm in Brooklyn jail. So this now the first flight hit, it's a morning 8 8 8 45. If I don't make mistake Tuesday. And This guy called me in a prison.


I used to be known Amir, same way. It's nickname of the the wanted guy, Meir Hasim Shair. I choose that name because Amir, it's kind of in Arabic, it's a leader. So Amir, so leader of believers. So now I'm in a prison known prison name Amir. He jumps on the and happy God is a great Allah, Allah, this is from my leader. He's happy now and I'm looking, I'm a former KLA member. I'm a very patriotic to United States United. I was 78 days bombing US Yugoslavia.


Now I'm thinking if I killed This guy in a prison or not, it's my mixed feeling. How can be this human happy when I'm diehard I'm a Muslim but I'm also diehard patriotic. I love the country us. So what I do and I tell him, Habibi, come on. He said, this is what my leader and he's continued dancing. We watching the first plane hit. Now it's coming. The second flight hit in the second tower. I witnessed that because when I give some interview, I see the questions, all this conspiracy look, it's bs. I don't care how people think. I saw with my own eyes the second flight.


I don't care what people think, I care what I see. You can tell me, oh no, it's not true. It's true. I saw the flight, what's behind is not my problem, what's behind. But I know terror attack was I saw the second flight. So now I'm staying with him in a cell. Next day it coming from FBIN, CIA counter Terrorism Unit. Complete institution is shut down. I'm watching people jumping from the tower. The bull towers collapse I'm seeing all day. It's not the way you see the movie. I'm witnessing with my own eyes or regardless if I'm in prison, but I'm still my heart now.


Now what I'm gonna do, how I can pay back, they start bringing a lot, a lot of terrorists. The first day in my life I met the counter-terrorism unit from FBI and CIA. They came to speak to me. It was September 12th, 2001. They came to speak to you September 12th and the very next day. So next day. So this is how I start myself to pay back to the us I said, you know what, if I get in prison killed by helping government, I don't care because I know I'm doing good. I don't care how they're gonna say, oh somebody was killed because it was informal.


No, no me, I was looking my side. My side was I'm, I want to be clean to the Americans. I don't care how bad terrorists and Muslims look me, it's my point was American side. They came and sit down with me first day, this is how my journey start with the CIA from that first day and then the first name of the CIA ever spoke. Sean Linz. After second day meeting with the FBI ring phone rings, I'm walking, they open the common area in seventh floor. I'm walking with one of the Taliban member in a prison and they calling my number 54 82 0 0 5 3.


And I'm looking two corrections officer over there, quiet in a prison. But still the breeze and burning of the twin towers is there because my cell, I was in J 71, J 71 is pointed straight. My window to the twin tower, only Hudson River separates it's very close view. You can see it. And I'm going to the correction officer, he is saying somebody wants to talk to you. I said okay. I go in the counsel's office like a legal phone call. He say to your attorney, because you have right to talk to the attorney. And this is how I introduce my name is Sean Linz, I'm calling you from a CIA. This is the clear conversation.


We need your help. Are you willing to help us? I said, anything I can do from today, I will do it. Right off the bat he revealed no question, nothing. Regardless what, how I felt that moment when I, my child was with me, I forgot everything. I said, you know what, I am going to help the US intelligent agency no problem. And I tell them, anytime from today you can count on me. And I start dealing, they start bringing a lot of terrorists from the street. They picking up all kind of people from the street bringing in prison. You know, it was that time CIA was not prepared. The US agency was not prepared for the nine 11. It's not regardless how much they said, look Sean, I read in a prison, I will mention the name, maybe you even met the guy.


The best ever two books I read, it was Imperial and Animus two of this book, he was Mike Sawyer, he was in Bin Laden's unit 25 years investigating Bin Laden for 25 years. CI agent. I read both of his book the best books in a prison. I read all kind of book. I read the book of the George Tenant and that's the time when I start. It was George Tenant chief of the CIA and the chief of operation was James ptt running the agency. Head of the CIA was George Tenon. James PT was running the field agency. So this is what my first step with the CIA in September 12th, 2001.


What did he tell you after, after he revealed that he was CIA, that he wanted you to work with him? What did he say? How He said, we need you help. I know you Albanian, I know you've been through with federal prison with prosecutors. We not like them. We are different than them. When we say think we do what? And now we're gonna bring a lot of people, we're gonna need to find out who's who. Because Sean, in a prison, when you're in the beginning, you speak right away because you need help and you like you in the middle of ocean and you drowning and you see shark and you think shark gonna help you because you're drowning. So in a prison, when you get arrested, you don't know the laws.


You trust people and you tell them what's going on. So that's how I got to come out to the lot of Al-Qaeda members, people there was finance supporting Al-Qaeda giving them money. You know, the most dangerous was with the terror group. Financial is number one. It's, it's not hard to find the foot soldiers. How much is hard to find finance. So for the intelligent agency was important to find out who's financing them. Then to find out who's a foot soldier of Al-Qaeda. So foot soldier is not hard. They brainwash 18, 19 years old, 20 years old, 21, 22. Some people they have a a, a bad past in their life.


That's how they brainwash them. But finance, they get from higher level Muslims like business people who wants to donate charity. So they wanna know that I start dealing with the CIA. For year and a half I was in contact always with Agent Sean Linz. So I hope when he see this interview he will remember me. I dealt with him from September, 2012 to 2022 until I was transferred designated to Penn, Pennsylvania Federal prison. So roughly two years I dealt with the CIA In that time What would, what what was in it for you?


Did they pay you? Did they get you out early? No was pro, they was promising me they're gonna charge, cut my sentence and recruit me to work agent in a street. After What kind of stuff were you revealing to them while inside prison? I revealed LA lot of the guys. For example, there was Al-Qaeda supporters, ALCA Al-Qaeda financier. I met with a guy who met bi bin Laden after nine 11. So I met with a group of LA six. They met with Bin Laden after nine 11. So I was with them, I was with Yemeni group, I was with one of the Hezbollah member who was kidnapped from the, in the coast, early eighties.


I don't know if you remember when the TW pilot was shot in a hijacking Hezbollah member. He was with me. So it was a missing body of the Israeli soldier and they was trying to get the information. But it was something very interesting. Sean, CIA was interesting to get information from informers, even people admitted in things. I'm gonna give you a little small detail in the short points. You know in Islam for example, if you get arrested you can even say you not no more Muslim.


They train them and it's, that's only one thing I don't like in religion, if you get arrested, you give up all the information and then you say to the agency, okay, I can be with you. You know, and then you lie, then you go in the street, you become again terrorist group in a terror members, you know you never get burned with a terrorist group. Even today, I give you an example myself, we're gonna come to the points how I was offered from ISIS to become leader of isis. Not the food soldier, a leader of isis. Even being somebody suspicious, if I was a CIA s spy, they call me.


I spoke with very high ranking ISIS leader. Wow, we'll get to that. We'll get to that. It's more to the story. Yeah, there's a lot more to the story. And so when they would bring these guys into prison, how would you know who to target? Oh I was, they come in, we talking, we eating, we praying together, we're eating Quran together. So now I'm picking, they would tell me, for example, I will say one name now, just his last name Ria. He was a a Hamas leader member. So he, he told me, I'm not Alqaeda member brother, I'm Hammas member.


So he never admitted to the government anything. But he was telling me, because we wanna know who's member of Al-Qaeda in a group in a prison who's member of Hamas or Hezbollah who's a shi I who's a who followed Salafi Salin who's the first three generation of prophet, Mohamed Piby and him. Him. So I found out, I tried to find all this information through communication with them and that's how I was sharing the information with the CIA. What other kind of information were they interested in? So they would bring everybody in and then you would figure out which terrorist group they were associated. If it's a threat or if it's innocent. If, if he did something or not. If somebody was really innocent, I would say look, my opinion This guy has nothing to do.


He was just pick up like a wrong time, wrong place. It has nothing to do with this. And I saw people got released not just because my opinion, but you know at least they wanna, you know how they're acting in a prison and if they're saying something. And then the biggest part, when I am met with all these terror groups members, I built my reputation. The CIA advised me. So it's they in charge was so I can build my name among the group Sean. These people they talk if I'm in a prison with them and they said, oh we have a brother Amir.


It's very strict Salafi. He is willing to fight against us if he come out from the prison, he gonna be number one Mujahideen you believe or not, 98 to 99% of the correction officers in a prison. They all used to think I'm gonna be future leader of Al-Qaeda from the prison when I come out. But they didn't know I was in the CIA side, in the government side. My bear was up to here. I learned Quran, I read Arabic, right. I learned for at least four month Arabic, I become a mom in prison among terror group me, white Caucasian.


To lead terror groups, you have to be step of ahead to know the Islam more than them. And especially when they know I to the people who was interested to the CIA, I used to tell them, look they are, they kidnapped my daughter. I took this blame. I was not doing this crime, I was not involved. You know a lot of the fanatics when you tell them you got arrested coming from Pakistan, they don't think you was coming because you was involved from drugs. They think you was involved with Al-Qaeda. So right away the trust came out for me to become very powerful in a prison.


I was strong in a prison community and that's how CIA advised me, build your reputation in prison. So when you come out you can be straight inside of Al-Qaeda high ranking position. So there was a long play right from the get go? Yes sir. It wasn't just sort through these guys to figure out who they are associated with. It was building your reputation Almost eight years, almost decade. And learn in Islam a lot. Like I can freely sit in a debate with any Islamic scholar. I'm good, knowledgeable, any Islamic scholar, I can talk about religion.


No different from Al-Qaeda members, not the foot soldiers. We talking high rank in Al-Qaeda. That's how they accept me by testing me, how much I, what kind of knowledge I have in religion. Then it came out very easy using my family. How the whole, my child like a kidnapping. How long were you working for the CIA inside of prison? From 2000 and September 12th, 2001 to the day I was released December, 2007. 11 December, 2007.


All these years I work with the CIA. I wanna be very clear, I work with the FBI counterterrorism unit. All the agency used to come and talk every time. Anything Sean? It was a lot of different terrorists. It's a lot of different members I had from the Virginia group, I had the, the Iraqi war there, Ali, EMIA, aand, all these, they are in Florence, Colorado. All this group, they was ar getting arrested after the war in Iraq. So it's not like just little bit Mickey Mouse. It was a lot of groups of people, lot of dangerous people. So I was always among the most dangerous groups of the terrorist.


It's not like something small, not like a foot soldier like LaJuana six or the, the, I'm gonna come back to the story. In 2016 when I met the leader of Al-Qaeda in a group of five in the New York, they got arrested. But We don't want to change the subject from this part to the end of the subject. You know the story because we're gonna come out. I as the leader, you will never believe what he told me. How he, he wants to go become a leader of Isis was the reason why he wants to become leader and why he wants to become ISIS member. I I was in shock. What he tell me, I was in shock.


We we talking in a prison where he told me why he wants to become ISIS member. Why he wants to have a woman. He never had a woman in his life. He wants to go, go get the slaves over there, those Ian take hostage or woman in Syria. This is the only reason he become a jihadist. That's It. Crazy. It's not for religion, It's a against religion. Absolutely. And I can show it to you. He's, he's now in prison in, in a federal prison. I said Brother, are you crazy? You telling me you want to say fight sake of God because you never had a woman? I can date woman anytime you want you in America.


He's a born American. It's not a convert. He's born us and he wants to become a ISIS member. He is a ringleader of one of the five of the group. He said because he wants to have a girlfriend, he wants to have a slave, he wants to have three, four wive, five wives over there. I know the guy who shot the another jihadist just to take his wife. That's not this law. We're gonna come to the points. You will never believe it. People are not gonna, they're gonna say this is crazy. This is like you want a prostitute. You don't wanna fight sake of God. This is, they brainwash them. Wow.


Did you ever feel like you were compromised in prison like anybody was onto you working for the CIA? Look at, I will tell you this, I'm sitting in a yard. I have a lot of tattoos in the arms and stuff. I have AK 47, I have a, I have a tattoo rider from Hezbollah member, his handwriting. And I'm sitting in a, a yard with a tank top and one of the informers Albanian, he asked me, what do you have here? I have a AK 47 and it says God is a great, and I said that's bin Laden's name, but he doesn't know Arabic in 24 hours. Sean FBI come in my in the federal prison.


Remember not all the agency used to know I have, I'm connected to the CIA. You know, it's very strict control. They don't share the information. It's not like a lot of times I was foremost used to give information about me think giving information to the government. I'm a the terrorist. I'm a very fanatic, but I was linked to CIA, you know, I was never fanatic but people I was interviewed from FBI in prison. I was interviewed from a DA in prison few times from the FBI and This guy in the morning they calling me go Airbnb, meaning you going to visit a room?


And I didn't have no visit. And when I walk into FBI agents, I'm sitting down, my name is so and so. We wanna know what kind of tattoos you have in your body. They put me in a strip room naked. This look my tattoo, they're taking picture of my tattoo. Can you tell me what you have? I said, this is God is great this. And another one, I be a witness. There is no God but Allah and another part here, here I have a Islamic religion of peace in Arabic, sign of peace, all this thing, they're taking picture. And I laugh. I start laughing with the FBII said, I'm sorry sir.


We keep between us informer. Antoine give you yesterday information. I was in the yard working out. He asked me about this, don't depend on with this informer. And I told him straight up, I work for CIA straight in a prison. I told him the BI, if you don't believe, call so-and-so. And then they never came back. They said, I'm sorry if you are like that, we apologize. They walk away. They took him from, from the prison right away because they thought if I go back in the prison, I will stab him or something because I'm a, a leader to Muslim community in a prison. Sha, when I was a leader of Muslims, I used to have a bodyguards.


I used to have Muslims. I was 150 Muslims. If I was given order something to do in prison, I couldn't put the prison shot down completely that was going to do my whatever I was telling to do. It was a time I had to prove myself. I'm a good Muslim. I had to beat somebody a few times, not once. Two times. I used to beat the Muslim. One is Pakistani Muslim one, Lebanese Muslim because they had the problem with a gang group now gangs, not to stab them. I was ordered to prove myself I'm a good jihadist. I had to go beat them in a bathroom. I had to beat them. One was bleeding so I can prove myself.


I'm a fanatic, I'm a sympathizer, I'm a jihadist. So I had to do that. And the CIA knew it. FBI knew it. I did that. SIS the best ever in federal prison. I tell you this, he pa, he has a your past a hundred percent because he was with Navy and Marines, lieutenants, Lyon Lyons, the best ever man of American dealing my life. Lieutenant Lyon, I hope you hear that. He was the best man. He knew it. Everything what I was doing with CIA, every connection, every conversation I needed, I was going through him. Every special things I was needing to do. Special visit with my family.


He was just telling me blame when you need to do that. Next week I do it for you. That was the best ever from American Agency who treat me good. That's the Lieutenant Lion in a f. All with penitentiary. Let's take a quick break and we come back. We'll talk about what, what happened after prison.


My partner, the award-winning precious metals company, Goldco, has a special offer for you right now. You can get a free gold silver kit. You'll learn about how gold and silver can help you protect your retirement savings. On top of that, you could get unlimited free bonus silver if you qualify. That's right is a special offer for being a supporter of my show. You could get unlimited free silver when you open a qualified account. So don't wait. The sky is the limit with everything happening in the world today, it's time to learn about gold and silver. Get your free gold and silver kit from my partners at Gold Code today. Are your savings protected? Do you have a hedge against market risk and uncertainty? Learn why gold has been breaking record after record. I believe there's no better time to get your free gold and silver kit. Go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com.


You are doing all the right things to plan for your family's future savings accounts, cutting back on spending. But what if the unexpected happens and you're no longer in the picture? A term life insurance policy could give your family more financial protection and Fabric by Gerber Life can help. Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done today. Made for busy parents like you all online and on your schedule. You could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family in your budget. Like a million dollars in coverage for less than a dollar a day. I know I'm always thinking about providing the best for my children and their future and I know Fabric is helping me do just that. They have over 1,905 star reviews on Trustpilot with a rating of excellent. So why would you go with anybody else? Join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply to Angels minutes@meetfabric.com slash sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


Alright Blair, we're back from the break and we're did we're you're getting out prison now. We're getting ready to go and I feel like we did the whole, I feel like that was a whole interview in itself now. Now we get into the real meat, but I am curious, I mean what was, what does the agency think that now that you're out talking about this stuff with the documentary and have you had any contact with them? I had the one time after I got my granted refugee, I mean status from the immigration phone call for two minutes.


Private saying like, you don't have to worry too much now about documentaries and stuff. Just enjoy your life, you know, keep yourself low profile and, And here you are. Look at Sean. I'll be very honest. If I had to go from beginning, I swear to God I would do it from beginning. It just the mistake of the agency. The promise you, they promise you the biggest problem. I want to highlight this, the biggest problem at the US government. When you have a source like me for example, Give a chance to have somebody if I have a question because if I deal with the agent I dealt for a year and a half.


If he make a mistake, I have no where to complain or to ask questions. Everything has to go through one the best intelligent, you have to have another second source, you know, to see what's going on. If the agents make a mistake, because I know agent I was not perfect John, I mean, I'm sorry Sean, I was not perfect but I was the best when you said why and people wants to know why the best, look, I was not Afghani, I was not Iraqi, I was not Syrian, I was not Jordanian, I was not none of this, but I came out to operate all of these places I went, I believe strongly if CIA was still going on to support me and work, I believe strongly I will go meet the bin Laden, not that I want.


He would ask to meet with me because I came out to meet very high ranking leaders and you know, in terrorism, this is how they go. The way they got my record from the people in a prison, families my name, that's how they go, oh you know what the Amir, let's, let me see what he is. If we want to make him a leader in Balkan to recruit Al-Qaeda members or how we can use, that's how terrorist work. They're desperate to have somebody like me in a group. It's white, Caucasian, somebody who have the skills to pass any airport.


Sean, believe it or not, if you tell me today, can you go in this country? I promise you in one week I can go in any country you point today the way I'm exposed. If you tell me if you can travel to any country, you said one week, 10 days I will be in the country. You say, I have no problem. I'm not young, but I still, my head works. I can do still things and government agencies sometimes they have a issue among the south sharing the information. We gonna come to the point there was a issue with them. They're trying to recruit me again after I came in the US in 2015.


But they said lot of agency has to be in a loop. You know, I was not exposed yet. The biggest problem, the biggest mistake they make with New York Times when president say there's a lot of fake news. Trust me, it's a lot of fake news. Why? Because New York Times put me in the first page. I was arrested for jumping something. I was never ever shown arrested in that. When they arrest me, I don't want to come to the story. It's, this is like to the ends of the story. When they arrest me in 2016, it was over 50 agents arrested me. Bin Laden didn't have that kind of agents helicopter with the sniper was in top of my car wash arresting me.


And when they arrest me, I'm reading the names of the agent. They're all from New Jersey, not from New York. But in meantime, Sean, I'm meeting with head of the intelligent of New York. John Miller. I was meeting with him like with you, with him and five of his workers in my lawyer's office. Why would you burn somebody who's meeting with John Miller? He, Well, I mean I think they keep that tight to the vest because the more people that know the, the higher the chance that it leaks. No, I think it's more than that. Yep. Really? What do you think it is? It's, You know, agents, agents, they have one problem. They like to cover each other even if, if you are wrong, they want to cover.


Because when I give information, Sean, I want to be very clear it's, I didn't talk about this when the Al-Qaeda told me not to be in a blue area in Pakistan. I updated to CIA. Sean, I can tell you I was communicating world news rep.com. I had my code and everything and when I update CIA, I said, look, please tell them if, because I was in blue area, a lot of Americans I see because I was there, I watched you know them. They don't know who I am, but I know them. I can tell when it's supposed to. If it's a American agent or not, like you for example, I can tell why you in that hotel when I tell them, please share this information because it's in a blue area.


They're trying to send suicide bomb, believe it or not, less than I think 24 hours there was a suicide bomber and killed all of them. And he failed to update that. When I came to provide the information from the field one back in the, from the Pakistan, he said, fuck, I fucked her up. I said, why Chris? I failed here. He couldn't update it. That's why all those people got killed. I was not spying in a, in a agent, but if he make a mistake, he should say, you know what, I'm sorry I was late. I couldn't update the pro provide, update the CIA this information.


I did update it from over there right away. I said, look it, it's gonna be tomorrow after tomorrow. Suicide bomb in this area. And it was suicide bombing. I think four or five Americans got killed. So I don't want a credit, I don't want nothing. I didn't work this job because I can make money. I make money in normal life. It just respect me. Said, you know what, let's help him. Why he gotta go through the process of immigration when he was working for us. I didn't want it to be hero. I don't wanna have a medal honor, but at least you know, I did that. I have my family here who wants to do this there dangerous job. It's very hard.


Especially when they start hearing this story. Look, while I talk to you, I know who works for the CIA today from my country. I, I found out in my way. It's nothing. It's piece of garbage. He doesn't even know nothing. So you cannot have somebody in charge like that person for example, they take him to train him. They train me too. I receive training too. I was trained from CIA. I don't hide that. You know, I'm capable to do anything. You tell me you wanna do bomb, I can do the bomb. It's no problem. And do you think Al-Qaeda don't want a member like me? Even I'm exposed today, they will take me tomorrow. Even if I'm exposed until this moment, they will still take me.


They want a man like me. But why you wanna avoid to have a to CIA somebody who can help me? I couldn't translate things. I couldn't even decode the phone conversation. I know how, how they communicate the terrorists. So why you wanna like make and look. It's, it's a crazy, we we talking like it's very interesting part. I have, I had the sources, I was receiving information from inside of the job of the CIA just recently. Look at who I am. I received a lot of crazy stuff from the CIA in Virginia. We talking from the base how what CIA told, told people about me.


CIA tried to spread the rumor very bad about me. It's not to be trusted. How can I not be trusted? You burned me. And then they said, oh we cannot, one of them said we, we not denying, but we not accepting, you know, hey I'm coming. I show, I show you the picture with the stinger missile. You think in US soil you show that picture and you don't get indicted from the federal prosecutor in heartbeat. But I was a serious spy and I don't regret that. Never to the day I die. I'm proud what I did and I told my kids if I had to do again, I would do it again. But at least treat me man. It's, I deserve to be treated.


You know, tell him, look judge, this man doesn't need to be in immigration court. It's our man. It's not easy to, it cost money to train somebody like me. It cost a agent came from the, from here to train me overseas. I, I was in a training ca camp from the agent from us, you know. So you were spending all this money and losing the source like that. Come on. It's not normal. We'll get to go ahead, we'll get to it. But were they paying you? Yeah, they was paying me. They were paying you. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. So it was a business transaction that you Expected to go farther. The maximum, the the highest amount I did receive one time over 40 grand, one shot, 40 grand cash.


And so I guess what I'm saying is you were expecting more from them than just the payment, you know, just a business arrangement. No, not the payment. I was never accepted no more money just to tell, to tell the immigration judge, look, he deserve to be with his family here. He did for his family. He has a wife born and raised here. Every country in the world, Sean, they give a chance to somebody. I did mistakes in the past. I'm not clean, I'm not saying, but I deserve to have a second chance to be with my family. I don't need to be arrested in 2016 and expose myself. They couldn't be low profile. Give him his papers back and let him enjoy his life here.


He deserved, he worked for us. He put his life in a dangers to protect us, to save our country. So why we don't go and just give a just signature paper. I didn't ask for anything. Just a paper. Tell to the judge he deserved to be here. Let him be out with his family. I was $50,000 bond, 50 grand here for five years. And they investigate Sean, I, they recruit a woman who cleaned my room, my house, I'm sorry, overseas and give her paper today. They brought her from overseas. She was cleaning my house in, in the city.


I used to, I was born, I was alone. I was paying her. I feel bad family member, just what she tell them. I have a weapons. CIA knew it, allow weapons. I had the trucks. This is this room. It's nothing. It was four times, five times bigger than this. Full of ton of weapons. But we pulled with a CIA from bad guys, from Alqaeda members. It was not my weapons was the Initial arrange. Well let's, we'll get into this. Yes, let's, let's get into the interview 'cause I think maybe some clarity will come to me on, on that. But So how did you get out of prison First time or second time?


First time I got, I finished my time. You Finished your time. Completed my time. Eight years And so eight Years and four months. Just to backtrack, the I thought that they had in, they had contacted you again to infiltrate the terrorist networks. But that was, that was the long game. They wanted to, they wanted to start with you in prison for a longer So I can be in the street. You into this? Yes. Okay, so you get outta prison. What happens then? I'm going to the US embassy in 2008. Walking in asking, because before I got out of prison, I want to, just so you can be clear, two times I was interviewed from DOD Department of Defense.


Two months before I get from the prison, they tell me when you get back home you wanna work for us because maybe you're gonna look G good if they deport you. I said, yeah, no problem. And what's gonna be exchanged? We'll bring you back when we promise you we do it. We not for the, this is always the world. When we promise you we not a federal prosecutor, CIA keep the words. This is what they tell me. They promise me they're going to be bring me back, help me. They said, you are going to be safe for rest of your life. You're just gonna keep your mouth shut. Not to expose anything. I couldn't keep my mouth shut if I'm, if you left me in the middle of nowhere, I get interview, I'm going back to US embassy in Macedonia, walking in meeting Mr.


Devon the best ever CIA agent I met. If he was in a still working with me, I will be maybe more happy. And I hope you hear that Mr. Devon. He's the one who I start working with him. I did polygraph test, I signed a contract agreement, everything at the embassy and tell me from today you work for CIA, you have a paycheck, you have all expensive, paid all the travels, whatever you're gonna need it. We are here to support it. All you need, we needed now you to collect information to see if you cannot come up to Al-Qaeda. We are interested to know if it's bin Laden live or death. And if you work yourself in a circle of Al-Qaeda, we'll be very happy and we're gonna help you.


And I said, I have no problem. They helped me. They was giving me money, no question. They paid my vacation for my wife and kids in Turkey and all these things. It's no problem. And even today, even today, I am very grateful to the immigration. They allowed me to stay today. I'm clean with the laws. I have no issues with the laws. Absolutely. I'm like normal. Like it just the problem. I cannot travel overseas. They don't gimme no document to travel overseas. I can be here, enjoy my life. I'm working, paying taxes, everything. But it's still not enough. It couldn't be, you know, right path.


My wife is born and raised. I have right to do adjustment of status so I can become us citizen. My wife is born here. Every country who has a wife, citizen, they still can give a chance. They don't deport them. My three kids are American born. My family's all American. Mother, father, sister, brother, all of them. There was even they passed away. There was American citizen. So why you abusing me? Why you wouldn't. I would never go in a media or documentary, even this documentary, if they was not going to arrest me in 2016, but they arrest me. I look like a piece of garbage.


You train me, you know how much skills I have, what do you want? And I believe, I also believe Sean sometimes maybe you know some different informers. They wanna get the credit. They think maybe, oh he gonna become terrorists. Never. I commit suicide myself. I hang myself. I will never go against the country. My kids born, never ever. It's impossible. So maybe informers spread these rumors to the sources or maybe Blamy can be Al-Qaeda member or ISIS member. Never Sean again, repeat it. I would never, I will hang myself. Never be Al-Qaeda member. No terror group.


I have a beautiful kids born American. I don't go against my family. So you get outta prison, you get deported. Yes. How? And then you go through immigration at the Macedonian embassy where you meet your No, I have nothing to do with immigration. I'm going to the Macedonian Embassy. A meeting with CI agents. Okay. In A embassy meeting with the CI agents, How did they contact you? When I go over there, they put me in one room, small room. I give my id. He came Devon, he said gimme a half hour. He go in office. He said, welcome back, we know who you are.


All the details. He said we're gonna have to meet the next week. How did they initially contact you? Was it a phone call? No, I went to them myself. You went there yourself? I went to the US Embassy in Macedonia, myself. So to see my rights to come to United States. Yeah. And then they told me, we know who you are, come here. Then they make a meeting next week with me. We spent six, seven hours. They said, look, we know what happened with you. We know what you did in the past. We know what the prosecutors did, but this is the best time for you. Everybody knows here now you got deported, how they got arrest your family, holding them this and that is the best time you to be covered to work for us and we can bring you back.


This is my first step. How I started with the CIA in 2008. Field agent. Was there any discussion of pay at that initial meeting? Payment. Payment I had in beginning was first week I started with 400 euros, 700 euro, 1200 euros, then 2,500 euros a month and the whole expenses. And they said we're going to help you to be with your family. Nothing more than that. No extra payment O over this. But they said always we're going to keep you safe. And so when did you take the polygraph? I think after a month or two. If I don't make a mistake, my first trip in Pakistan when I came back just to see if I'm double agent or just for the CIA.


How long did that take? It's, it took a couple hours. Three hours? I think two hours. One polygraph. One, one time? Yes. It Passed. Passed the first time? Yes. First time I passed. Right on. Not a lot of people passed it. I passed first time and they told me and they told, look Sean, we're gonna come to the stories. You will never believe what I did it. And even people, they're gonna say, what are you lying? I don't. Sean. In United States, if you make a story, you commit perjury, you get charged. It's a federal crime. I cannot come and say, hey, this is who I am or this is what I did. I cannot come and say I was trained to build a bomb. So this way I can show to terrorists, I can build a bomb.


So if I, if the federal prosecutors know that in two minutes they will arrest me. I say that a few times. So you get recruited, you have the meeting the next week, what is the next week? What's that meeting? Then the next week meeting, we signed the contract. It was three agents, two male and one female. I remember like today, we spent like five, six hours or that day in the embassy. And then they instruct me, first they said build a enterprise in a your city among the community. And then next trip start using the phone contacts you had in a prison.


I had from Yemen, from Saudi Arabia. I visited, I went, I was guest to number one, the strongest grand movie of Saudi. I, I was invited. He never knew what I was CIS by I was his guest. I would use the sources from family prisoners from being terror charges. That's how I came out to build my name. So good. Like I didn't even believe there was a time, I didn't even believe they trust me so much. I said to myself, if I'm a sick or liar or something, how come they, they invite me so much. But I found out from the people I used to use sources, you know, just to build my reputation, they can bring me in.


And so what did the training involve? Training. You said you received training. Oh with the CIA. Yes. Or first there was how to communicate with people, language skills. And they advise me how to do weapons deal in case. So this way if the Al-Qaeda try test you or if you need to pull some weapons, they teach me how to do this to like we pulled a lot of bombs and explosives from bad people, guys' hands in the caso in Albania too. So I took with the trucks, all the explosive T and t, C four, you name it, rocket launches, stingers, all of them.


And all with my hands. When the CIA took them, they took like in a package, like all they, when they bring me trucks, CIA brought me trucks, they trucks. I loaded the truck myself with my people. You know you have to take the detectors and all this, you know, so not to explode. So I took one by one, all the detectors, all the explosive. We have mines, line, mines, all this stuff. Put it in a truck and the CA took it and they destroyed. And So how long was the training? It was like, like I can tell you easy like three, four months you can put all the training when I meet with them, like every first week, second week, eight hours, nine hours, eight hours.


It was a time. Three days. We didn't ne never come out from the place with the CIA. Three days sleep, day and night, how to deal, how to communicate, how to use the weapons. Three days never come out from the place with the CIA, with three agents and me. Where was it? Where in Macedonia. In Macedonia, yes. They used to have a safe houses everywhere. Then they used the bone steel in the military base in coso. And so you get recruited in Macedonia I guess? Yes. You go through the training, they tell you they want you to infiltrate Al-Qaeda specifically?


Yes. And they tell you to do it through your previous contacts in prison and just to grow your network even wider. Yes sir. And so who's the first person that you reached out to? The First person I was sentenced 25 years or 30 years in the federal prison for supporting Al-Qaeda. His name is Salim, he was in prison. He introduced me in his family in Pakistan. And what did you ask him? Oh, I told him when I come out from the prison, I'm going to join brothers. The everybody knew it. When I come out from the prison, all the fanatic, all the terrorists knew it. The first day they're gonna deport me. I'm gonna go be join the geist, the all of them.


And who did he connect you with With first he took me his brother to somebody. And that's how he started with the be La Masu, the ring leader of Al-Qaeda in Pakistan. So right off the bat It's second time. Second time, yes. And what would these meetings be like For when I went, when I meet him, when I give oath to them, they took all my clothes off, they took me those with those motorcycles. They changed the car. They played, look, I want to say this. So people cannot, they, I know Sometimes they don't trust easy but they, they use word, oh we, we are gonna put you in a trunk because if the checkpoint is police, we are from here local.


So if they see you foreigner, we're gonna give them a more excuse to question us and to check us the Pakistani agency. So I said okay. They put me in the trunk of the car for a few hours. I was right in inside of the trunk. I didn't see nothing roughly roads and whatever, you know. Then when they put me inside, I met Ab Muhammad Alma, the, he still wanted, he's still in his life because I was reading one of the books recently for Abbu Ali Souf. He did it, he was a, a former CIA for 10, 15 years after nine 11 he wrote the book and I see his picture, the one I was meeting with him, he put in a book he still wanted.


So he was there. There was another ISTs from Bos Egyptian, but born in, fought in Bosnian. I speak Bosnian. So when he speaks Bo, I speak Bosnian too. So when he talk and then he tell me, brother, you still wanna be with brothers? I said aj, that's why I'm here for. And then he got hugged me and he said to introduce me. He never introduced my name to nobody. Only Amir or Bu Medina in. So not to be known where I'm coming from. So Amir or Abbu Medina. He's our new Muja Idina with us. Wow. Were you nervous at all? I Mean did you Not at all because I had the strong support, only nervous.


I was just afraid not to be leak. So then I get killed. And how would you communicate Back to the CIA world news rob.com. I tell you, here is a, I give you the detail. CIA never knew it When I was in the field, Sean, if I had to update quick something, I used to call my wife and talk to her in Albanian and she was updating. But this is where I broke, this is where I make a mistake because I was told, nobody can know this, but my wife knew it. I told my wife Shauna, I told, I told my wife because I thought if I get killed they're gonna think I got killed or in a drug dealing or something, you know, at least somebody to know I'm working for the government, you know, so they can be one day proud.


Look, my husband got killed working for CIA, not being drug dealer. So this is the reason I told my wife. So my kids grow up, they don't want to hear, oh my dad got killed in a drug deal in somewhere in Pakistan or overseas. But to be proud, my dad was killed because he was working for our agency to protect us, to keep us safe. So this is why I told my wife and then when I need to update it, I give a quote to her world news rep.com and I have all those numbers to click it. And then she was writing whatever I tell her in Albanian because over there was more easy somebody to spy on me. If it's a different language in Albanian, it was not Albanian.


Nobody was Albanian over there in Al-Qaeda at that time I was now, yes, but that time was nobody Albanian only me. So I was feeling safe and I was telling my wife, okay, tell them this, tell them that. And then she was getting computer and update it. CIA never knew it. My wife is updated from New York City, they always knew it. I'm updating from somewhere those internet cafes and stuff like that. But I did it also in internet cafes. I did update the CIA and I used to look around where's poor neighborhoods? I used to go like I'm looking some Quranic stuff and then I'm going to my website then I'm deleting complete and I'm coming up. But I was always careful because you know when, when I first time I give oath, I stay I think three, four days.


If I don't make mistake in Al-Qaeda camp, then after four days where I went back and stayed in the guest house. So I had the chance to update. There was like there was not Al-Qaeda, Sean Al-Qaeda re recruit recruit me. The way I saw they thought I was going to be leader to recruit foreigners in Balkcom. This is was the goal, you know, not me to be like a foot soldier the way you saw in Iraq or in RPG and stuff like that. They was not looking me like that. They was looking me like to be high ranking in Al-Qaeda. So there was, this is the interest of Al-Qaeda in me and this was the best opportunity for CIA, you know, to have me like that.


And so what was it inside Howard world news.com work. I will show to you if you want later from my phone. It was very like you go and you click world news comes news, then you, you have in a site login. You don't think if you don't know the website and then you have a log in, when you go log in it, it comes a little small place. You put your code, your numbers 50. My, I had the numbers, I don't wanna mention that. I don't wanna, you know, something exposed is not good And I was clicking that again was giving me another code and then it was open me and those communication you see right in typing and then logging out and dis disappear everything.


Another option I had, I used to have some white papers somewhere when I travel and if I need to write it, I will be write it. If they stop me. I couldn't put that white paper in a war and melts everything. And you don't see nothing no more. You just put the white people solves. Yeah, everything. And would they be able to give, send you traffic through world news.com? Yes. And they used, I used to have also GPS some places when I used to be in a weapons or if I was in dangers or if I was tracing something or I want to buy something. I used to, you know, click it and they used to know what, when I what button I click it and they know where I am, the location.


So it's connected. It was a small piece like that. A beacon? Yeah. What did it look like? It's Like a yellow and black. It's, you don't talk, you just, it's a tracing device. Yeah. And has those buttons. If you, if I was in a dangers, I will put, click it three times and they will try to help me if I'm in a dangerous situation. So if it's something for location, I used to just click one. If it's for weapons, it's two times only three times I, it was a piece to click it if I was in a danger. So I needed help, I, it never happened. So I never needed, I was never in a situation dangerous. Wow. That's, that's surprising.


That's surprising. And so you, okay, so let's go, let's go back again. So you get the training, you meet with the head of Al-Qaeda in Al in Pakistan or one of the top guys in Al-Qaeda and Pakistan. And the whole premise of all of this was they wanted you to set up a new cell of Al-Qaeda where you're from, Become a leader And become a leader. Yes sir. Become a leader of Al-Qaeda for Balkan. What did they want that cell of Al-Qaeda to do on the Balkans? So To see if it's gonna be threat. If it's a threat to US troops, if it threat to somewhere, if it's threat because it was planned, we're gonna come.


It was a plan. They thought, I'm coming here to attack with few guys. For example, I have a, today it's a, now we saying they are are friends, like a new leader. But I know somebody who's in a group you have in a picture. He was in prison with me. He got deported. He would never ever be pro us. Never. And I'm, I was close to him like my brother and I know him. Like if he, if he can't no a US, he will nook today. But maybe today the thing is now become a good friend. It's a freedom fighter of Syria. It's not, he's a leader of freedom fighters in Syria now.


But he was Al-Qaeda member. He become ISIS member. And I, I used to come, we're gonna come to the point I used to communicate live from New York City FBI was telling me to communicate with them in 2000 15, 16, 17, not, not 17, I'm sorry, 2000 14, 15, 16. I was communicating live. I spoke to leader of ISIS from New York City, Abu Omar Hanani live like the wave with you. But through the signal I was talking, he bagged me and I told you the FBI look tonight 10 o'clock, I'm gonna talk to them and I give the number and they, they hear that. They see it. They have, we talk in 2015.


He said, please brother, come to us. We'll give you anything you want. We need you here. This is isis. Wow. They taught you how to make bombs. Absolutely. Alright. What kind of Make With TNTC for all kind of explosive I can do with pressure, cooking things, all those, you know, homemade stuff. So everything C Four, military can do anything. You name it, I can do it. I'm a good in the guns. I'm a good with the weapons. I'm very good. I can tell you I, I use, I shot with, you name it all the US military weapons, you name it.


I shot with every one of them. Snipers, RPG. It's a piece of cake. You know those kind of weapons. Nothing to me, you know, I'm like that And I love the guns. So it's compromises in both things. Training the me and in my nature. I love them. I cannot leave no guns. And so your training was building networks, surveillance, counter surveillance, how to make deals, how to make bombs, weapons, training, communications, training. Do you want me to give you one specific One time when we was training in, when we was with agents in the field with the CIA, they throw me somewhere in the middle of crowded community and they wanna maybe three, four cars of CIA to follow me with the sources if they're gonna catch me.


You never believe whole day they wash me, they couldn't catch me. Whole day they following me. You want me to tell you what I did? Second quick plan of me. I went in a mosque. Now they know me. That day I was with technical clothes with the five 11 black. So now CI agents, they following me, they see me when I came from the truck, pickup truck, they know me. Blair was with tactical and I'm walking in a mosque. Now they're waiting for me where I'm gonna go. What I did is Sean, I went, you know, in a mosque sometimes you have those gala you can wear. So you can be praying clean and the scarf and everything.


And now all the agents, this is how they're smart. 10 or 15 of them, I don't wanna, you know, insult them. So now they're all waiting how I'm gonna come out, you know, with the black clothes. I wear all the white clothes. I took a scarf, you know, everything. And I walked out and all day I walk away from them. They couldn't find me in the evening when there was a place to meet, they all watching me, they're gonna catch me. They couldn't find me nowhere. I'm just knocking to the window and they got stuck. Oh Man, this is, this is the trainer they had. And then when I told them, now when I knock the window, I'm knocking them with a black loss.


They said, please tell us right away how you come out from the location. And I put the, you know those clothes, they become like that. And I put out inside of my shirt, scarf and everything. I said, this sir fucking told me, oh, you thought you were gonna wear this so quick? 'cause I, I thought you guys gonna watch me with a black loss. Did you was our training was, you know, if you're gonna catch me. Yes. So this is my skills, so I need to do whatever. It's good for you not to catch me. This is what I did. Maybe you should be trained in them. I think so. I tell you. Do I think so? I should train them.


Who would've thought they would've never thought of a change of clothes? One go. We gonna pull the weapons. I'm gonna come to the point when we pull the weapons, they was drunk. You can't believe we're pulling like this room weapons. Two or three CI agents. They're all drunk. They couldn't even talk. Imagine you make a small mistake. Hold the city goes in the air. Yeah. And I did all myself with them in my city with American agents. And then you don't want to come to the immigration, say, lemme sign for him. Come on man. And so, okay, let's, let's back to Al-Qaeda.


So you meet with Al-Qaeda, that's the plan. They want you to set up a terrorist cell in the Balkans. They want you to lead it be a high ranking alqaeda official. And so where do you go from there? I go back to Balkans, update all the CIA, whatever I went through. And then Al-Qaeda thing, I'm recruiting and I did go, I bring a lot of people, a lot of people was interested to be Al-Qaeda members. But I give information to the CIA. How would You recruit Or they Very easy Europeans. Balkans, soon as they find out you come from Pakistan, soon as they see one stem, you've been in Pakistan month and a half, they know right away why you've been there.


They see money. The recruiters, they thought Al-Qaeda financing me, but I had the CIA money. The Al-Qaeda thought they helping me in Balkans. People like from the charity because it's no paper. You know, Al-Qaeda cannot trace me where I'm getting the money in Balkans. They cannot chase me. But CIA knew it. I had all the money from CIA, all the new bills, whatever I needed, they was offering me anything here. The money sign here, get the money. And so what was your pitch to recruit To see who, who wants to be Al Qaeda members And how would you broach that?


How would you start that conversation? Oh, A brother. I, I was, I was meeting our muja brothers over there. The, you know, they're doing good. They're interesting to recruit brothers, you know, so we can fight this infidel. They're very easy in that. And especially in the young generation, it's like nothing. Like Really? No. Look at Sean today. My country is becoming breeding ground even like 90%. It's pro US country. But two weeks ago, group of seven, I know, I know the leader. We gonna come up to talk about the leader. His leader was killed from the drone in Syria and just seven members.


They went and killed the best cop in my city who was investigating them in front of the house. They execute him just two weeks ago. In my country, all Al-Qaeda members, If you, if I tell you what kind of threats I receive in my first interview before crazy and I come out to even investigate myself, who threaten me, I cannot even believe some people that threaten me. If I was next to them, they couldn't even look in my face how they will scare of me. But they send me threat, crazy. They're gonna behave me. They're gonna chop my head. They're gonna chop my pieces in a, in a messages. I don't fear them, believe me, I don't fear them.


I don't have, look, I don't have no problem to die. I'm not gonna leave 500 years. I have a little bit to go. At least my kids know what I'm, I'm proud. I have no problem. I will be hero to my family if I get killed because I was working for US government because I was protecting my family. America is not in a war with Islam. One, it's a lie. Two is with Albanians. America is like God for Albanians. So I'm proud to die for America. I have no problem. I will be my people in in, in coso. They will consider me hero. I don't care for fanatics and radicals group of people. I don't care for them. They're minority for me. It's important.


Majority, majority is my people. How many people did you recruit? Well, I can easily say maybe 30, 40, 30, 40 People in what time spent? Easy. Like nothing. Like nothing. Like nothing like year, two years in, in two years. But we're talking very fanatics, like sympathizers coming to try to support him. Maybe two, 300. And what would you tell them the mission is? My mission is to open the cell so we can fight America here. I'm a, I was appointed from Al-Qaeda a leader. I'm here to recruit you guys. And who Would you specifically target?


Those? You can see how they talk in places. One, they was gathering when we was in a Muslim communities and I picked the one, the more fanatics, when they say openly, we gotta kill Americans, we gotta do this, we gotta do that. Those people I will pick all the time. So you would go, you would essentially Befriend, take them out, you would To parties. You would, you would, Would you'd buy them? Everybody at the party show Local conversations, Show the guns all the time. I used to show the guns all the time. Look at what I have. I'm ready to fight. They used to see, or sometimes I used to record myself with all kind of weapons. And I said, brother, you, you wanna see something black and white here?


Here look at the video. Oh shit brother, you got all this thing. Yeah, I got everything you want. But those all destroyed. But I used to buy from different fanatics there. There's a lot of guns over there, lot of all kind of stuff. How would you communicate back to Alqaeda from Albania? When I go over there, back always when I go Back, always in person. But they never use phones. I hear the, somebody from here said how This guy communicate with the phone. Sean. It's a stupid question man. It's no such thing. You can sit down and make a love story in a terra cam and it's no phones.


They change my clothes, they gimme own clothes. So you have no rights. You cannot, you cannot even smell to have some phones with you. But I hear the questions they're writing. Oh, how This guy communicated how he used the phone. They would never use the phone. I did not use the phone. I did not use the phone. I used communicate face to face how I was in the camp. How often would you go to the camp and go back? Like every let, let's say if I stay one month in Pakistan or one month in Syria, I go back, stay two, three months in Balkans. And then I come back. I remember I was in Al-Qaeda camp in capital of ISIS where they declare capital, isis, raa.


I was there. You have a video live. And you know how I come to record. I said look, we need this video. I need to record for propaganda to act like I'm a visitor, but also to recruit people. And they let me record that In a camp. Not outside in a camp. But this is why I'm saying now this is where I use the language, what the CIH train me, what I need to learn and what, how can I use things? So you can tell them, look, we need some video to show people to recruit who I am. If I go tell them this is who I am and I don't show nothing, how are they gonna believe you? So you gotta show them. So this is what I used to use skills of the language.


So to recruit them and to have evidence where I am. Okay. And so how did you, where did you go from Pakistan? Used, used to go back to Balkan, Turkey, fly Pakistan, Turkey, Turkey, Pristina, stay a couple of month, come back, go to Syria, go to Jordan, go to Lebanon. Egypt, Saudi Arabia. Why Would you go to all these places? Oh, everywhere. Fanatics. Everywhere. See I appoint somebody. They used to tell me, we wanna know so and so. What thing? They used to tell me who they was interested in. They used to show me pictures on them. And How would you get yourself in there? How would you get yourself The reputation? The reputation through the imams in my city, imams in my city.


Everybody know now I did eight years and eight years and four months in prison. I was deported. I was separated from family. I cannot see no more my family, only if they come back. So now they think This guy is gonna revenge them. He has a a long history of in military, two different wars. This guy is not gonna play. He's gonna go revenge Americans. So this is the dream for me to do these things. And so what would the point of view, I guess what I'm asking is what is the point of you going from Pakistan to Syria to Saudi Arabia, to Iraq to, did you go to Yemen? Because I had the sources everywhere. Yemen was my last ship that day. I was going to meet Alki.


Before we get there, yes. Just asking. So you went from Pakistan and the Balkans? Yes. To Syria was your next stop? Yes, Because I used to have a fanatics in prison and through them, for example, I had a Syrian guy I go meet, Okay, in Syria. So these were, this wasn't a connection from the Pakistan cell to the Syrian cell? No, this was all back from prison contacts that you had made in prison from federal prison. So you were, you were working all of your contacts from prison to get into all these different 100%. And now did the pa, did the Pakistani Al-Qaeda cell know that you were in Syria? Yes, They did. Yes. What did you tell 'em you were doing in Syria?


Me meeting the brothers, I used to be in prison. They have a family members to Al-Qaeda And they had no inclination. No, because remember only in Al-Qaeda can know somebody who controlled Al-Qaeda. Couple of men. 1, 2, 3 people where they are the cells and stuff. Not all Alqaeda members know everybody. It's impossible. Never, never happened that. So let's say Bin Lano, who was running Al-Qaeda after him, he used to know for example, who's who. Where, but not everybody else. Like we have Khali Sheikh Muhammad, binal, Shi Abbu, all of them.


They didn't know all the members, but somebody who had the control, it can be one or two. Not all Al-Qaeda. How did it go in Syria? Al-Qaeda? Yeah. When you met him, Me, how I go, I go met the, the man who used to be, it's in a picture. He was like my best brother when I saw him with 14 years old, 13 years old slave. Last time in 2015 or 14, I got shocked. He showed me the slave from ya lady, woman, girl, I have a kids that age. I said, come on brother. It's sad. Our religion allowed us. You are 45 years old. Where do you need a 13 years old?


I hated that. Come on, I have two daughters. You're gonna take 13. You show me. I I I was talking to him. Life you show me the girl. 13 years old. Imagine I go back, tell my child, my friend is 45 years old. He's having sex with a 13 years old. Come on. This is a religion. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. If I can kill, I will kill everybody. I have no problem. I religion tells you not to bother them. Religion teach you. You take hostage, you try to trade or do something. Treat them very good and with dignity.


Not to rape them. I know the religion very well. So they're going off the religion. It's nothing in Islam. What Al-Qaeda does, they're doing nothing. I'll tell you, I'll give you another example. Jordanian pilot got burned live Quran sha I started very good. Two years I spent only saw, started the shat law for B to burn human body forbids, regardless your enemy, what he does to you. If you believe in God, you have to pray, make a doa, make a prayer to God to change that thing. But not you go burn.


So if you imitate the way they say it, you imi doing the way you enemy doing to you, then you become just like them. So you're not following the Islam, Quran and sunna, you going against complete Islam. So this is what they're doing. You were inside Al-Qaeda training camps Three or four times. What, what kind of training are they doing? What was that? It's Experience like Small weapons. Like for example, one time I remember we went, you know, one of the places like three, four hours driving from Karachi. There it was like very old, those old houses, ugly garbage.


We were sleeping 15, 20 with us in the same place. Like, like a sardine stinking garbage, you know? And they weren shooting with RPGA case, you know, running, showing some skills, target all these things. What were the conversations like How to kill Americans, how to fight infidel. Every word to fight infidel. How to kill the infidel. What would you report back to the CIA? The way I was seeing that everything, the way they're telling me, that's how I, the CIA knew I'm a CIA so I was telling they want to kill infidel.


What, what specific information did they want out of the camps Specific? For example, when when I meet, when I met the one, this leader who was wanted, they asked me, I was going to meet with him, they told me, you're not gonna meet because maybe it's suspicious. You are spy Sean. He was wanted and I want to meet him. And I went in a court against him in court, us federal court, in case if he get arrested I can be witness against him. I went and meet with him. He couldn't believe when he saw me like that with a beard. He hugged me.


Now he tell me, you my brother, now you can fight with us. CIA didn't believe. Another thing, I want to say it, I think you have this passport or different one. Shauna was in Saudi Arabia. You know, when you in Saudi Arabia, you cannot get visa to go to Pakistan, you have to be resident of Saudi Arabia or citizen. When I say to CIA, they invite, they calling me from Pakistan to go to, to go to Pakistan from Saudi Arabia. If CIA said this, trying to scam me, maybe you're dealing with a low level Al-Qaeda or sympathizes. It's impossible you to get a visa in Saudi Arabia.


To go Pakistan. Sean, I got the proof. I got the visa in Pakistani embassy in Jeddah. CIA will never believe when I update them, I send screenshot. They thought it's a fake. I took a flight from Saudi Arabia straight to Pakistan. They didn't believe it. I said, sir, I'm in a Pakistan. This is my passport. When I came back, I went trip back to back Saudi and Pakistan. Then from Pakistan, when I go, went back to Balkans. When I showed documents, they freaked out how this Pakistan int intelligence felt. Two days in a rule. I was interrogated from ISI from Pakistan in intelligence in the embassy. Two days all day they thought or I'm spy or maybe I'm Alqaeda member.


I said, look, I'm here for business. I'm, I'm trying to open a leather factory business. I want to bring leather from Pakistan to Balkans. It's a bs. And I got the Visa and I went in Al-Qaeda. See, I didn't believe, even when I show, said how it's possible, I said, sir, we got a communicate diplomatic way with them, how they give visa like that. And I got it and I can prove it to you. I went in Saudi Arabia, I met with Abbu. He was nine years in prison with, for Al-Qaeda in Saudi prison. He was fighting with Bin Laden. He was diehard mentor of Bin Laden.


I met with him in his house. CIA said, how you got the source, sir? I'm here with Abu Safe. I'm mentioning his name. He was eight years in Saudi prison. CIA don't believe I was his guest. When did you start smuggling weapons? In From 2000. Right away. After I was deported. And so how would, how would that work? So you're build, 'cause you, you didn't mention that and so I thought maybe it came later. I, you were smuggling weapons from all these different terrorist organizations and getting them into CA's hands to destroy them.


Correct? Yes sir. And so was that, was that part of the initial recruitment or was the initial recruitment just to No, after I got recruit, they see how much I, I'm having skills. I'm capable to do everything. Like there was look, when we did one mission, I don't know if I give it to you. We was, there was a seven agents, CI agents and me. When we did one, we took the weapons and I asked, I said, please, I wanna not to make me feel good. I want to tell me how I did this job with this weapon.


One of the a CI agents said, I will trust my mother to be with you the way you did the job. I will never be able to do, I don't have that kind of heart because I will be scared. If I make a mistake, I will kill myself. And I did that. That's how they spread me everywhere. They want me now everywhere to be, and that, like I said, I mentioned I thought like I'm better than James Bond. I was doing so good. I didn't even believe myself. But you know what is the good part, Sean? When you know you have a support from a powerful agency, you have more will to do things because you don't think you can get caught and put in prison.


You are free to do things like you can read the instruction. I'm free to do anything, just not to kill Americans or diplomatic or anybody. If I have to shoot, shoot in the air. Don't aim to the, if you get caught up with us troops, you surrender yourself. Pretend you are sick or something, but don't shoot. This is how I was my, I was instructed and this is, I did it. Whatever they told me, I did it the way they told me. What do You think helped you the most in your mindset doing this? Mr. Devon. Mr. Devon. Yeah. The best agent star I can, I can tell you he can be running the CIA with no problem.


I guess what I'm asking The worst one, Chris. Chris, why was he the worst? The day when I got shot, I, I swear God, if he was aiming to Chris, I would jump in a gun, me to get killed. Not the CI agent. That's how I was loyal. I swear to God, never forgive that. He left me like a dog. He was there. Yeah, he left Iran when they come and rescue me. Didn don't see him, never no more. And he, he and he tell the other agents, tell him you a new own from today. Bullet wound everywhere.


I couldn't even drive the car. Let's talk about that experience. When you got assassinated, what was going on that day? I'm going to get the, Or when they attempted to assassin, Libby, let me Correct you before that, in, before March, it was a February, we supposed to have a meeting. We were planning to go in Yemen in November of 2009. I received that threat in my phone, November of 2009. And I sent the phone to Chris. I said, I received this message. He said, don't worry, sometimes somebody try to bluff and threat, but it's nothing serial. I said, okay. I was preparing my territory to go to meet with Alki February.


He said, Abu in a communication, never mentioned my name. Always Abbu Abu, can we change meeting of February for March 31st, 2010, two o'clock. I said, no problem. Please bring your GPS coordination, the passport. I had one extra passport from them and something I, I track somewhere from the weapons. I said, okay, no problem. And bring a two picture of passport, picture size of yourself. I said, okay. I go like a route. Usual. I'm parking my car under the garage. Where is the CIA safe house?


Like super, super careful. Like very good. Not to trace me. I left the house six 30, 7:00 AM changing two different cities. Sitting there, sitting here. So to see if ever somebody follow me, nobody, I go to the garage two floors under. So if it's any tracing device, so not to track that. So I park my car deep to ground down. I go, I'm entering the safe house. I see old man carrying the grass and I greet him. He has a, the white Kofi, I say that, you know s no problem.


It's carrying the flowers, big building in the penthouse. It was a CIS safe house. The way you see me stretching in a stretcher taken out. I see two guys coming down very calm. Me, I'm between, I open the door, enter, and now I see they got separated. But I never thought, I thought maybe the Macedonians answering. And they pulled a gun, shot me four times. Not once. The first bullet went through my leg and I collapsed pretending like, because there was not professional shooters. They're not somebody who's trained, you know, I can see, you know, not having skills in that.


And he pulled the gun right to my head, jammed the gun. I hear click once, twice, three times. All he say they, Colonel kill me and I'm not moving because when I see the way I saw them, I thought they are like not the guys that have experience like myself, for example. I can control myself in a shooting and stuff like that. I'm very calm. Not, you know, I didn't move. I saw blood everywhere. I said let them go out.


I was thinking, let me go in a basement because I don't want to bring blood. Maybe they coming back and if I go in a basement, they will come behind me. If I go in fourth floor, maybe they come, they trace me and they kill him and me. It's a moment. I said to myself, you know what, I'm gonna die. I'm not gonna betray him. I don't want to think CIA. Or he was a double agent. He killed our agent. I stayed for a moment. Blood was not stopping. I pulled myself quick. I couldn't move much. I started bleeding a lot. Like I thought I got the van here, but I couldn't even look my leg because bullet went through.


So I didn't know where I got shot. I see bleeding here, bleeding in the back, like it's a quick moment. And I went to four floor. We used to have a code. If you see newspaper in a floor, in a Macedonian writing. So that's mean. Chris is inside. So I don't have to put the key. So neighbors to hear. I'm opening the door and I see Chris inside and he said, what happened? I said, I got shot. He said, who did it? I said, I don't know two people. I'm going there. He pulled his belt, he pulled my belt, he tied it up. He's, you know, I stopped bleeding and I see he's calling for backup for, you know, to help us.


And he's talking, continue, our man's down, our man's down. I need help. Our man's down. And I, I can hear that he had this different phone using with them saying, we are in a way, we are in a way we're gonna rescue. You just, you know, careful control the situation Bleeding. And I start losing the control. Then the, I guess neighbor saw the blood, the local police came over there and the secret police came. They almost clashed with each other. Local police and secret police. Secret police supposed to be our friends from Macedonia. So now Chris is talking to them. It's, our man is down, but he's not opening the door and all I see when they open the door, I see a K 47 right in my head.


How I said, they're gonna kill me because they see me with a bear. Now he's a, he's a white clean American. I'm with a bear. Now they're gonna think maybe I'm trying to kill him. You know the, it's a 10, 15 people different, two different groups of agency. It's like, and I lose the control. Chris gone. They took me with a stretcher. They send me one day or two days in one hospital. And that moment when they came after two days, they gimme stash of money. I don't need the money. They said from today you in your own From hospital.


That was it. Yeah, that's the worst part. How did you get burned? It's a good question. Million dollar question. I, Sorry. I've been through everything in my life. I'm repeated many times today. I don't have no problem to die, but to be betrayed like that. Come on. Central intelligent agency, the strongest agency in the world. You rush into judgment. You didn't investigate anything. Cameras everywhere. Sean.


I went after one week. Sorry, Wanna take a break? Yeah, a few minutes. Let's take a break. All right Blair, we're at the safe house. You get shot. I can tell you're very disappointed at how the agency treated you after that and abandoned you. We asked how do you think you got compromised?


I mean, I'll bet that's gone through your head. Day after day after day. How do you think you got compromised? The way I looked at one day, they did a passport for me and the passport, they did it. It was real my name, but I was not from that country. The people who did the passport, they stopped me one time in a border for four or five hours investigating me, me, I was with three or four fanatics. One of them was arrested for terrorism in the border.


Same people who came out to help us that day when I got shot. Same one was there. Sean, you know how Balkans function, regardless how friend can be over there with you, they still have like a family like me. I have some trusted person. I tell, look, I know this. So I strongly believe agent make a mistake leaked me my name and they leaked the information to the fanatics. This is what happened. So now for him not to be blamed, I don't know what he put in my jacket behind to the CIA.


He can't say anything. I don't know. And CIA, they never asked me. So he couldn't say anything. But they never gimme give a chance to hear my voice. Like today I did nothing wrong. If I have to start again, I will die for this country. If I was that day, the guy was trying to shoot Chris, I saw God, I will put myself in front and get killed. Never betrayed, doesn't matter. This job is dangerous job. I'm very proud. What I did, I did for my kids and I did for us.


And I say that early, all my family's Americans, Albanians has nothing to do with terrorism. At what point did Chris leave That day? Did he leave when the police showed up? Yeah, soon as the days before that they took him. Yes, Chris left that moment when the police, two groups of police came, one supposed to be our friends because we used to have a court. If it's friend of Chris, that's mean. They are our friends. So when they walk in that day, it was our friend supposed to be. And after all this, I investigate. I did the research myself, Sean, somebody who was trying to help me March 31st he got killed May nine, after month and a half, him and three, four friends, maybe he become victim because of me.


He was trying to help me. He got assassinated. If you see the van, you will never believe how they kill him because he was trying to help me to find out who tried to kill me. How did they kill him? In a, in a minivan. They execute him. All four guys. Not one. All four of them. All four of my friends in Macedonia. If you see the van, you would think there was fire. 10,000 bullets in that van. He was trying to help me to find out who tried to kill me. Somebody's covering up somewhere. Sean. I went after six days, April 7th, my birthday's April late one day before my birthday at US Embassy where I was recruited, I was with a can according walk.


And I parked the car right in front of the embassy so they can see it. I entered the embassy, somebody to came out to talk to me. They told me in embassy, you cannot drive no more that car from the agency, from the CIA. Don't drive no more. Don't come here no more. Don't come to Macedonia. You are in your own alone. And I tell them simple, how come it's a cameras in front of the safe house everywhere? How come you guys didn't find out who did that? I don't know sir. I'm just passing a message. When I came from the embassy, Sean in a Macedonian border, I was threatened from Macedonians agents cursed me badly.


Don't have an F come in our country. This that I'm a friend of. Chris is telling me at border. And I tell him straight up F you and him, if you want to kill me, kill me. So something is behind covered. So what is something for I will advise in this interview intelligent agency. US intelligent agency is the best. But they need to investigate the source. Sometimes It's nobody perfect. I'm not perfect. I did make mistakes. I was not perfect spy. But trust me, I was Diamond. I operated everywhere.


I was never exposed, never was nobody suspicious in me. I did very good but I was not perfect. But agent maybe make a mistake. Why don't question him. Why you wanna lose the source? Sean, I can say to you this is, I want you people to hear that. Believe me, I'm better than a hundred CI agents. I was better than a hundred CI agents. I was CI agents. They can do job, don't take me wrong. They are intelligent. They have the money, they have a source, everything. But I was sight CI agent couldn't go where I went. Co CIA agent couldn't sleep be in between Al-Qaeda members.


I slept with them with 15 of them. I was in Araca sleeping with 1520 of them. Imagine one of them just smell. I'm a spy. They will burn me life. But I did that. But C agent would not do that. So this kind hard ahead. So if you have a man like that, why you wanna lose him? I hope they listen and they correct the mistakes. The oldest have a source. If they have a spy. Let's see what he said. Maybe the agents make a mistake. We don't need to rush the judgment and just ban him. Let's help him. So to find the truth, what's behind, who's behind?


I mean unfortunately that's just kind of how it works. You know? I mean they, they recruited asset to do the dirty work. I mean it's in the outline throw away spy. Yes. And that's just how it, that's just how it works. But the best will be to make a changes. You want me to don't see that? Advise you one thing will us complete US agency government did with my help. One thing, good. And I know I don't care. They don't wanna honor that. Sean here used to be very easy to make a US passport.


I shrugged them how it's easy. And I'm not saying a hundred percent just my help, but believe me, us passport rules was changed because of me. I teach them how to change because there was piece of cake to make a US passport, a piece of cake, two days you can make it, it's not you and you can get us passport. United States changed that because my help, I used to, I told them who doing that from inside job, how they doing? Lot of people got the passport. Even terrorists couldn't get that. And me, I blame, I teach in that.


But they never say that. They always that moment said you did very good job. But after who cares? I did a lot of things. Good. But they don't care. That's what you say it, that's how agency works. If they have that, the ban you is, this is how they never come to admit or accept. I, I was in touch with the George tenant two times from federal prison. Remember I'm mentioning that from George with George Tenants twice in 2003 and four, two times with the head of CIA from federal prison. So if I was like that person Changing your agency, I don't need to know that.


But have somebody to investigate that, you know, make agency stronger. We need sources. It Probably has more to do with blowing their own cover than Absolutely. And assets. Yeah. 'cause once your cover's blown, they don't want the rest of their their their staff. Their employees burned so they could continue on doing work. But so in the hospital, you said they came to you in the hospital with a stack of money. Yes. And what was that conversation like? The conversation was we're gonna escort you to one of the borders.


Nighttime. They asked me to escort me to Albanian border. I said no, they escort me to Kosova border. They gimme the money. They said, you have to be in your own. Don't ask to speak for with nobody from US Agency. You have to be safe. Then when I went after six days or seven, April 7th, they told me to get away that car. I found two tracking device in my car at the mechanic shop under the car, two tracking device in that car CIA purchased for me. And that's the car that they said don't drive anymore? Yes.


Okay. What point did they tell you have a nice life, don't go high profile In after my immigration case finished in 2022. So they were in contact with you again after the embassy. Who? Private? No name friend of Chris. That's what they said. Yeah. This is a friend of Chris. Yeah, Rashan. You see how I'm sitting with you? Believe it or not, I used to get the information from inside CIA in this few years from the source who's very close to the CIA. American, American, not Albanian American, who was very close to CIA.


And the source told me what they even saying about me. What were they saying? It's Crazy. I don't want to even, I feel bad to say it. Why? Because like they use you, they use you and you nothing. Like I don't want people to be scared to work for the agency after this. I don't want to use those things. They, they want to make you look so bad. And the source telling me source is very close to CIA every day with them. Source will run Iraq, situation war. So they don't think I came out to get to somebody who I can get things person who was planning in Iraq side in Iraq war three, four years.


And this is what they're saying about you. I said, why Sean? If somebody wants me to be bad person, maybe I believe strong that too. They wanna to have a business more work. So maybe This guy go crazy. No, Sean, I'm proud to be American. Maybe somebody has crazy ideas. What Were they saying about you? It's, I don't if I say it, it's not good people to hear that. Did they paint you to be a double asset? No, double. Never.


Never double asset. Like who can do that job or it, it's, it's, it's bad to say it in the air. I don't wanna, you know, because people gonna think then, hey I would never do this job. If they say that about him like that, they're gonna say that about me. Same thing. So they completely wash their hands of you. Yeah. And then in one way or another painted you out to be bad. Yeah. And then came back after, after 2000 12, 13, 14, they still wanna communicate with me. They call my lawyer in New York City, he's in US soil.


I don't know how to, we can take him from a US soil. And I told him, I told my lawyer, tell them, you don't have to take me. You tell me where you want me to meet. I can come and meet. I don't need your help. You never help me to take me somewhere. I came my way. We talking after I got burned. After I got shot. Why Did they, why did they contact your lawyer? What did they want? Because I think there was scare something when there was a Belgium bombing. They thought I knew what some of those guys and Syria, I prized the isis. They knew that I was in Syria. I knew it in from 2000 8 0 9.


They was bringing weapons from Iion. I was there, I was witnessing trucks full of the weapons. This is what's going to be. But I never knew the name Isis because still was Alqaeda. Then they changed to Jabra. Islamia, then they changed to isis. But the same people, it's not, they didn't go away. It's the same people. Al-Qaeda changed the name. It's the same fanatics. It's never different. I had very strong source inside of the Syria. I spent three, four months in Syria and they found out maybe it's a plan in US soil. I was communicating with them.


Believe it or not, somebody got killed with a drone just because of my help from New York. They tell me to talk to him and I talk and they never said because of me, they killed him. But after two days I found out he's killed. But he was talking to me on the phone in New York from Syria. But they never, we talk in 2015. If I was bad like that. Why are you talking to me then? So what's what's interesting is earlier you were saying all the communication goes through couriers, person to person, face to face-to-face. That's it. Yes. And now we're talking about you're on a phone call with one of the top guys in Syria who gets killed in a drone strike.


Yes. And so when did that switch? When did they switch from One ISIS uprise? One They, they was using telegram system. They thought they cannot trace nothing. It's Russian control. So there was talking very free just now when ISIS came out. Okay, In Telegram it's that app Telegram from Russia. So there was using that and signal two of them and Signal too. So we was communicating with them through those two things. It was a time I told them what time I'm gonna talk to them from here, from New York. And there was Listen in the conversation, Sean viewer's gonna want to know if it's a true or not.


Sean, if I communicate with the terrorist overseas from US soil, you end up in US penitentiary, you get arrested in two minutes. So this is me. I was communicating from US soil with terrorists. If I was not CIA source, I couldn't get wiring, got arrested if I'm lying, you know, because people look, you have a sick people everywhere. They come like one in Denmark, he work for CIA a little bit for a couple of month and lunatic. He now I hear these drinking and stuff. He was not Muslim. He was converted in Islam in a prison. But I was not like that. I was strongly skills person.


Are they aware? Do you think that you're coming on the show? I don't think so. Are they aware? No. Maybe, maybe this two, three days they listen my conversation. But if they're gonna like it, I'm a hundred percent then they're gonna hate it. I'm a hundred percent they're gonna blaming you. Why This guy bring this source here Now who knows people how they're gonna think for us, how it's gonna be our image. Are they aware of the documentary? Oh yes they are. That's what they told me. Yes. They told me, you know, go stay calm with your life. You know you don't need to expose yourself in that two minute conversation. That's what they told me. But I said I don't need advice.


I don't have no problem to die. I wanted people to know what I did. I'm not dirt person. I'm not garbage the way you think. I'm a normal human being. I'm follow of three beautiful kids. I go on live with normal life. What did they say about the documentary? They didn't say nothing. I didn't steal here after nothing. Did you tell 'em you're doing it? Oh yes. Yes. And they didn't say anything? No, they didn't say anything. I told them I'm gonna put the book and it is gonna be six episode movie. Also after the documentary, I'm planning to put the six episode movie and I know that. So you do still have a contact there? I don't contact them, they contact me.


I don't contact them. You know we missed Sean when I got shot, it was one more mistake in my side. You see I say it, I have no problem to admit my mistake. I had the secret number. If I'm in dangerous situation, I have to call that number at the CIA, which is Washington. It's free. I can call from everywhere. Only if it's a dangerous situation in my life. Like if it threats something I can call the nine more so she can help me. When I didn't call my wife, because I told her, if I don't call 48 to 72 hours, you need to call this number. And she called them the answer.


What is the message related? This is message from Abu. And what is the message I can take? She said my husband disappeared. And the phone after that is disconnect. And she tried to call again, no more ring in that phone. That's the mistake I make in this all these two years or 10 years working with a US intelligence agency. And one time with the weapons I, the way they told me to do the weapons, I guess they, I guess they thought I was not capable to do in professional way, not to be dangerous.


I did it good and we changed the spot where we gonna get the weapon stuff. It was crazy. Bombs, landmines and everything. And Chris was with crew with two or three cars with the CIA. And I changed the spot. He came in my city. I told him not in my city because everybody knows in my city know me. God forbid one human see me with this bear and six seven people, Americans with clean sha. I will be suspicious right away. So I did changes myself. I switched the place. I told him not in that place, but through the communication, not the in a plan like last minute.


And he got angry in that. I said I gotta save my, I gotta be safe. I don't want expose me and you're gonna tell me f yourself and you are in your own yourself alone. I changed that spot. I did the job. Excellent. All I did that mistake to change the job and my wife calling the CIA. Two mistakes I did with CIA. The rest never anything. I was perfectly clear in time. Whatever I was instructed to do, I went a hundred percent according to the instruction from CIA. Where would You procure the weapons? I used to have a, were these Co, were these coming from Syria, Pakistan, Saudi Were They weapons were coming from they weren in Balkans.


They were all coming in Balkans. In Balkans. All in Balkans. But the uranium, it was coming from for Russia through the Germany, we did investigate and it was possible they wanna build the de bomb fanatics. They wanna sell it to me knowing it is going in Al-Qaeda and it was a lot of money involved. And we was investigating that one of the source, one of those two brothers got shot. We not mention the name because still they investigating still it's under, you know, I don't know what do go, what's going on with government. But they're still out there. One of them got shot I guess because this issue and but his life, they tried to assassinate him.


One of those two brothers, this is the issue. I was involved directly with them. We was trying to put hands in that because they thought it's a coming, it was a missing nuclear head from the former, from that time Ukraine, when they give up to the Russians so that it is still saying it's a missing. So they thought maybe that's the part is coming and it's coming in Al-Qaeda's hand. So the Russians were selling Al-Qaeda uranium? Yes. What year was this? It was in 2009. Eight or nine. You can look in the communication. It's clearly over there. And you were involved in that?


I was a hundred percent involved. How did that, how did you get connected to the Russians? Through the fanatics. Through the fanatics they bring, yeah, they bring through from Germany to Italy to from Italy to Albania. And so why were the Russians involved at all? I have no idea. It's a good question. If I know, I will say it. How easy is it to get uranium in Russia? It's very hard because you need a lot of skills.


You have to be real professional in that part to deal with that Seems like it would've to be somebody inside the government. Yes, A hundred percent. Did they get it to him? I have no idea more. I know he was there because we was going to purchase CI was telling me, hold on, we're gonna have an expert to do this. You cannot deal yourself. So if we get that, you're gonna be disappearing. You're not gonna be able no more to work. So we have to have our man to deal with that. You just have to keep them whole. You bind that.


How much uranium him? They was saying he can easily kill half a million. How many bombs would this go on? Three or four. And they would've sqa smuggle it into the us. Yeah. Do you think that happened? Look, if it's that plan, why did it happen until now? And again, terrorists need to get lucky one time, not all the time. Once they have a patient, Sean, those people are not joke, not everyone, but their brains are really smart.


That's why they want me in. After I got shot 2010, they begged me 2014 to go back to be leader after I got shot. And of the best source I had, he knew what I got shot. But he never thought I got shot because I was spy. He thought maybe are secret agents, they want to assassinate me. So I'm not a fanatic, so I cannot attack us. So maybe it's inside job from the government of my country or neighbors, Serbia or Macedonia.


So they try to assassinate me so I don't do something bad. When's the last time you had contact with them? With us, With the agency? 2022. That's the last time. Three years ago. January, 2000. 22. Six or seven. January. Two minutes. Because They'll tell you what's going through my mind. What if they got in contact with you to tell me that in this show? Ah, no. Never To drive a narrative. Never, never ever.


I never planned to come in your show. I was watching your show. The best show, seeing you past free, the new CV they asked me to give. Look, I mentioned New York Times. It's a crazy interview. Headline. New York Times number one newspaper. But to come here, I don't believe it. But if gonna, if they're gonna like it, I don't think so. Well there's a lot of higher ups that wanna serve more.


We both know that I know very well and you know very well, Sean. If it's like that. You saw the story. You see me, I can. I don't hide what I can do. I'm tell, I don't tell people in the street. I don't tell family members, but this is who I am. So why you don't work with him to keep him quiet? It's very easy. You are the strongest agency in the world. You don't need to come and bow down and say, I'm sorry. No, absolutely. Just let him stay calm with your family. Here is your green card, US passports.


Stay home. Enjoy you. They give, inform Sean. They give a lady who was cleaning my room, look at this, I want you to see this. Listen, they give a lady with four kids, they bring her from over there, here for nothing. And you not giving me, she's a piece of garbage loser lady. She was deported from European countries involved in the crimes. And they bring her because she was cleaning my room. She told them, oh, he has a lot of slash weapons and you want me to, funny thing, joke. When the immigration pro prosecutor asked me, do you know, do anybody has your papers ever?


Guess what? I left envelope with some papers. This lady to touch it, she did it. And she give to the immigration that information. Just me and you. We know this bottle. Correct? Right now if somebody else ask us from outside, you or me told them. So that lady told the immigration, that lady told the CIA, oh let him has the weapons. That lady was cleaning the room, my house. She tell me how you got shot. I said I got shot accidentally because I don't wanna, it's a family. I don't wanna to be scare kids because gossip.


No, I said I was playing with the gun. I got shot here. She told CIA a lie. He got shot himself. I never got shot in myself because CIA helped me. Why? CIA didn't go back and say, Hey, why you lying? Somebody tried to kill him. You're telling us he told you he got shot himself. Do you understand this makes sense to you? She tell them, oh, he, he told me he got shot himself accidentally with his gun. He likes gun. He, he, he shot accidentally himself. I don't shoot with left. I shoot, I'm a rider. I'm not left. I had no gun. You know another thing we missed when I was in hospital, they came local police to see if I have a gun power in my hands.


They did that. Wrapping things with aluminum thing. They do it. If I was engaged with shooting, I was not engaged in shooting. I had no guns. I never crossed, I crossed the border one time trying to show samples with uranium to the CIA. And they tell me, please don't ever do that. It's very dangerous. And then one time I was something, an issue with some kind of size of ammunition we found. And I, I took it. I took it because I'm brave. I'm not scared. It's not like people can say is a sick, no, it's not sick. I have no problem to deal with the weapons.


It's like somebody to draw the flag. I'm, I'm a good with the weapons. If you're good, draw with the flag. I'm a good with the weapons. So this is how I am. And you taking a BS from somebody from nowhere, from source who you had decade working for you? Decade I spent from 91 to 2010, nine years plus. After that communicated, Sean, you can see you are super intelligent. Look at who? John Mueller. John Mueller requested to meet with me. I met with John Mu, head of counter terrorism unit.


Not the Asian head of counter who met Bin Laden. John Mu met Bin Laden 25 years ago. I met with him. He request to meet and I went and see him. And I was, after I came from Canada, after I got shot in 2015 and two, three different time I met with the CIA and FBI in my lawyer's office. Not once. So if I'm bad like that. So why you wanna meet with me if I'm no good? So why you wanna meet with me and I will not come in your show? I will not go in immigration or nowhere to put my name in a dangers and family name in a dangers. If there was come and said, you know what we're not saying if we make a mistake or not, we're gonna call the judge and say the judge, you enjoy your life.


Get your papers. And that's it. They never did that. They're supposed to do it. They, they told me we not like a federal prosecutors many times. Not once. DOD, department of Defense twice in your county, Pennsylvania said Mr. Skoro, we are not like a federal prosecutors. We are the de department of defense. If we say something, we, we keep that. None of them. I I have to keep my loyalty to you and agency, but you don't keep nothing to me. We gotta work something together. I'm not interested to make money of my movie and book and document. Trust me, I work, I can make a little money. My wife works, my two kids works.


We work four of us. It's not really money. It's no money to the CIA working. Trust me, you get some money. But for me it's nothing. It can be for Afghani gatekeeper. You know those poor guys. You give $500 or 1000. Well, I'm not Afghani, you know, I can earn money in proper way. You bring in 200,000 Afghanis and you say they help us. No, those 200,000 Afghanis, they didn't help us. It's a stupid to think like that. It's embarrassment. We help them. They give up not to fight the cow. I'm using this word, I'm sorry to use that. How come they didn't find Taliban?


Why they left all those weapon over there. Why they give up so quick. They didn't even fire a bullet. They run away. We spent 20 years over there. We spend all that money, we invest all that money. And now you bring 200,000 Afghanis, but you don't want to help your source. You had a 10 year source who was working everywhere. What did they plan on using the all the weapons that you procured? How did they, I mean you talked about landmines and all of that kind. They Destroy all of them. They took and destroyed. They took it and Destroyed everything. Whatever I got, all the CIA took it. Would The, would the network that you set up in, in, in shit Slovakia, the network that you set up, would they ever ask where the weapons were?


They was thinking, I'm getting for Al-Qaeda, But did they ever wanna see him? No. Never. Because it's a strict rules. Alqaeda doesn't show nothing to you guys. I cannot, that's a two secret ma. If they ask me, I would say, oh, you a spy. You working for somebody. Maybe you're working for Americans or foreign agency. You see the bathroom you have downstairs. I can say three or four times bigger than that place. I took C four from the terror group, just C four, two or three time list. Like that bathroom you have full, not just a little bit full.


Yeah, This with my hands and all give to the CIA. I did have problem. I never caused no damage. No, no CIA was ever hurt or something. Everybody was safe and good. I did everything myself. How did you get back into the us? How I came back, it's very easy for me. It's no problem to come to us. It's, no, it's no problem for me today, after 10 days to be in Afghanistan, it's very easy. It's all open border, Sean. I always keep my sources. I always have a friends. My good friends, they know I would never betray them.


I would die, never betray them. I'm very loyal, but I'm not loyal to terrorist. But I can be your friend. I never betrayed you. But not to theist. I'm not loyal to terrorist, but to friends, I'm a loyal, I can pick a phone if I want assassinate somebody, I can do that. I have a friend. So Are you saying that you, you came back into the country illegally In the us Yeah, somebody drove me from Canada. There's no problem. You have a open border. A lot of places. And so what's your status now? Oh, now I'm to stay. My status is granted from immigration. Judge, I have no problem now.


I'm legally permitted in us. I have no issue no more. I have no courts or nothing. I'm free. It's just I cannot fly overseas. What do you do now? I I'm a cab driver. It's a hell of a hell of a cab to get into. Yeah. Yeah. But I never talk to the customers. You don't? No, I don't think they'll believe you anyways. Or, And it's not that. And I, I, I meet all kind of people sometimes. It's interesting, some people they wanna show off or tell you story. And I don't buy easy. I have more skills than them. I was a car wash owner for 10 years.


I had a car wash business. I lost car wash business because my bad friends CIA 2016, they're sending me team 50 people to arrest me in Brooklyn with helicopter, with sniper. They arresting, like arresting me, like arresting Al-Qaeda leader. I couldn't believe it. What did they arrest you for? For nothing. Complain. And they released me. What complaint? What was the complaint? They said the prosecutor. Here I can give you small details. The prosecutor who arrest a terror guy who was convicted in US oil overseas. When they came in Canada, they thought I was going to testify something against.


And the prosecutor convict him with my source information and he give credit to informers all my information, what CIA provide to him. And then he went against me saying he's liar, the prosecutor. And then I go in court in front of federal judge. I said, your honor, I want to, because I know now I'm not a mouse, not to know my rights. And I told the lawyer who was defend me excellent lawyer. I have the best lawyers in the United States this time before I didn't have that. Now I have the best lawyers in United States and they're willing always to defend me for free. I don't have to pay them. They're so good lawyers.


They're willing to defend me for free because they know, I'm honest. They know I put my life in dangers to protect Americans. They come, the judge say to the prosecutors, are you gonna indict him? Prosecutor had no no indictment. Sean, if you reentry to us, if you have all these pictures, the prosecutor will send you for life in prison. So they didn't do anything. They didn't do anything. And the same prosecutor after one, you know, the worst part in the justice department are federal prosecutors because they work one year, two years. They don't work to stop a criminal. They just work to build a little bit of reputation, to create experience so they can be private lawyers to make money because prosecutors don't make no money.


So a lot of people become victim for that, the way I become victim. But thank God, judge, make a right decision. I really appreciate. I have nothing to say that judge is gonna be. I have a, I have all the recording. Like you see the way I I, I was talking to you today. The judge didn't know I record all the decision. I'm not supposed to do that. But I was so happy when they make that decision. Like I'm a born for second time because my kids was there. They seen, they know what I've been through. There was all the time present with me. They went in a pain the way I went. They suffer with me, my wife and kids.


So the judge said, I cannot deport This guy. This guy gonna stay in my country. She make decisions. She was a lady. She grant me stay and I'm here. I'm happy with the judge, but I'm not happy with agency because agency couldn't do that. Me not to be here, Sean agency, I couldn't, I still couldn't help the agency. Lot of things. Even after my assassination attempt, I couldn't help them a lot. I was more brain than them. Not for, from all of them. Not like Devon and Scott. Those Devon and Scott. I dealt in the beginning there was brilliant agents, super good CI agents, and the one in the federal prison, Lieutenant Lyons, he was former Marines.


He was excellent. I will welcome to work again with them. But the last one, crazy. Would you do it all over again? Absolutely. Even knowing how they treated, yes, with no mistake, no second thought. Just I will put one condition. I want everything black and white in a paper, writing the way agents work inside of the agency. I want like that too. If you not gonna have me to have that paper because I signed contract with them. If I cannot keep that paper, my kids cannot have that, then I will not.


But if I, if you offer me that, I will do it from beginning. And you don't believe, how much is country in the dangers today? You not gonna see that today? You gonna remember my interview with you after 10 years? How much will I see it in a country? How it's fanatics growing in the us How are they growing badly? I mean, I see it, I know they're recruiting Out of the house a little bit. You see when I, it's me different because when I see what they, how what they're reading, I can tell if they're gonna be bad to the country.


You know, one imam tells you, Hey, you don't need to ask me all the time, fight for your rights. Do what you have to do for your rights. That's mean. He's instigating you. He's preaching you, he's brainwashing you, you to do something that's bad. And the US agency failing badly. Another thing they have no control of finance, how much money they give us. Government have zero control. And those goes, that finance goes in a bad people's hand. You know why it's quiet today? Because they wanna grow in this, in a fanatics ideology.


Is this, I can easily tell you that the ideology is a sick ideology because they can, they wanted to get strong with finance. So when it's time to fight you, they can fight you. They're not making peace with you. They're just quiet. They're telling you had like a situation in Syria, but when it's time, they will fight you back. We help Al-Qaeda and Bin Laden in Afghanistan. You know what the, The CI agent, I read his book, I don't wanna mention his name now, to advertise him. He said we offer him over half a billion dollar to Bin Laden in his book.


You can read that just to come in TV and said, I'm giving up Jihad. I'm not fighting against Crusaders. I'm going to live in Saudi Arabia. He said, no, I read in his book, he was 25 years CI agent in his bin Laden unit investigated. That's what he said. So same thing happened today. A lot of breeding of fanatics is there, but agencies failing. Failing. You know, it's a joke. The biggest breeding come from the prison, from institution. Crazy. You don't believe it? I believe it. I tell you the way I see it, it's crazy.


And we gonna feel the pains after 10, 15 years. But it's gonna be too late. Sean. It is here. You ask me. It's easy to get weapons. I can get weapons much as you want in the United States. Gimme the money. I can buy you anything you want, anything. You name it. I can get you. So if I can get that, you think one day Terry's not gonna get that? Of course. Oh, I know they're getting it. We talk about it a lot on this show. I see it. So look at me. I see that what's going on? And I tell you that. And you don't wanna source like that. Come on. I can make a living anywhere you want.


If you know I you wanna understand my mind. What I think. If you throw me in the middle of Atlantic Ocean, no clothes, no money. I come out from Atlantic Ocean with clothes and money. This is how I trust myself. This is who I am. I don't see movies, but I'm the person you're dealing now. I can do things. I don't need attention. I didn't need my name to be there. I couldn't be very low profile like before and do things which benefit you and the country. I I didn't got no benefit.


Did you see me how I was emotion? It's 54 years old. It's, it's very heartbroken, you know, to come to that point. You betrayed me. Why? You have a man, I can die for you. Why You don't just gimme the handset? Let me pull you. I you don't need to drown. I can help you. I'm a normal human. I love my kids. I love my family. I did everything for my kids and family. Somebody who loved the kids and family. He would not hurt you. Never.


Because When I saw that they jumped in from 9, 11, 80 third floor, people jumping, I saw, I don't care what they're saying with conspiracy, I was thinking to kill that guy in my cell because he was happy seeing them. I saw there was moments. I swear to God, I'm telling you, believe it or not, I was thinking to kill that guy, that terrorist guy in cell. I believe it. Come on. I wanna be happy people jumping. People who feed my kids, people who help me all the time. I'm gonna be happy never religion. I will ban my religion. If they push me like that. I will ban. I wanna live normal human being.


I'd rather be with my kids normal than be judged like that. Oh, look at what he did. Killed innocent people. I don't have to be in a problem in a war. War. It's a war. War. It's a war. But not the way they do it. Kill taking, hijacking a plan or blowing yourself in supermarket. That's not a war. Yeah. Come On. Well, we're wrapping up the interview. Do you have anything in particular you wanna say? I Hope right people listen this, I don't want attention. For me it's quality of the people to hear this, I'm not against nobody.


I'm against terrorists. I was never double, never one side if I was double. I couldn't do a lot of things until today a lot. But I'm proud who I am. I proudly serve this country. I deserve to be treated just a little bit like human. Not too much, just a little bit. Well, I would agree. I hope every everybody enjoys that. Not taking wrong my interview. Well, they're gonna enjoy it. I hope so. Thank you for what you've done for the country. Thank you for being here and can't wait to see that documentary head.


Thank You very much. I'm honored to be in your place. It's An honor to have You an honor. I'd be very honest with you, when I saw your shows, I said, this is my dream place to be. The way I never mentioned every quote in the banks and stuff. One day you have to put something, password. I put my dream job, CIA. So this is who I was. I'm a Muslim, but my dream job was CIA. You might wanna change those passwords. Now. From now I have to. Sean Ryan. All right, Barb, thank You very much. I I really appreciate man.


I really appreciate it. Former MLB all star Sean Casey, AKA, the mayor keeps hitting it out of the park. Take my 30 years of experience, take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures. When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don't know. I'm fired up. Baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's Office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow And listen on your favorite platform.