
Washington has a spending problem and the American people know it. But instead of eliminating Biden's Green new scam, some Republicans wanna raise taxes. Increasing taxes on Main Street and hardworking families is a gut punch. Voters didn't send Republicans to Washington to raise taxes. They sent them to cut spending and protect their paychecks. Congress has a choice. Cut Biden's wasteful spending or raise taxes. Tell the politicians we need tax relief, not tax hikes. Learn more@protectprosperity.com. Paid for by Americans for Prosperity.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's S LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it, Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting LifeLock dot com slash podcast terms apply.


Tim Tebow, Welcome to the show, man. Thank You so much. Thank you for having me. And I also want to say thank you so much for your service. Oh, thank you for saying that. I, I, I genuinely really mean it. I know sometimes those that have served here at different places, and it could take it as, oh, it's just a catchphrase we're supposed to say, I hope you know how much it means to to me. And so many people truly from the bottom of my heart, we're grateful. Man, that means a lot. Thank you. And Thank you for everything you're doing. We're gonna dive into it, but I just wanna say it's, it's an honor to have you sitting here and very surreal. And my whole team is just ecstatic this is happening.


And, and we got a lot of good stuff we're gonna dive into. Can't Wait. Thank you for having me. It's my pleasure. Like I said, it's an honor. But, but yeah. So I want to do a life story on you and then, and with the focus being towards the end with everything that you have going on right now at the Tim Tebow Foundation and all the good stuff that you're pumping into the world, it's just, it's amazing, man. I mean, my parents volunteer for the organization. They do the, the prom Night To Shine. Come on. I love It. Yeah, they've done it for a couple years now. Let's, Let's go where, where at? Down in, down in Florida. Awesome. On the West Coast. Tell 'em Thank You so much. I Will, I will. They're ecstatic. I love it.


But everybody starts off with an intro here. So here we go. Tim Tebow, born to missionary parents in the Philippines. Your faith has identified you since childhood. Two time national champion football player. And Heisman Trophy winner is a quarterback at the University of Florida. John three 16 on your eye black led to over 93 million Google searches for the verse during your second BCS championship game in 91 million searches after your NFL playoff victory. What does that verse mean to you? Wow, we're getting deep from the start.


I like it. That verse means to me, it's if you are gonna sum up the love of the gospel, which I really believe when we talk about the gospel, that it is the greatest love story rescue mission of all time, is that there's a God that loves us so much that he sent his son to put on flesh to live a life we couldn't live, but choose to die a death that we deserve to die as a ransom for us as the propitiation, meaning the payment that satisfies and that payment was his life.


And when we look at John three 16, for God so loved the world he gave because he loved us so much with this love that honestly, it's hard to even fathom. But when we talk about that love in the Greek, they have four types of love, but the most admirable form of love, that love is agape love. And the best definition of agape love is to choose the best interests of another person and act on their behalf. And Jesus chose our best interest and he acted on our behalf. And he went to the cross, not just for us, but instead of us. And he loved us so much that he gave his one and only son that whosoever would believe in him, would not perish but have everlasting life.


Man, I know we put it on bumper stickers and, and eye blacks and on signs and games and everything, but we can't lose the essence of the, in the heart of what that means. That there's a God that created all of this and spoke it into existence like this. And yet that God with all knowledge and all power would say, I love you so much that I'm gonna give what's so precious for me and my son, and I'm gonna give him in exchange for you because I love you that much. So when you think about John three 16, it's, there's no greater love.


That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Thank you. First round, NFL draft pick who led the Denver bro Broncos to a playoff victory five times. New York Times bestselling author, a broadcaster, a former professional baseball player, a philanthropist who's turned every platform into a pulpit for serving others. The founder of the Tim Tebow Foundation. A global force fighting the most vulnerable, fighting for the most vulnerable, bringing faithful. There's a big difference. Sorry about that. Not at all. Actually, can I tell you this funny story about that? Yeah. So I've never, I've never told this before, but several years ago, we were having a night to shine in Vatican City and in Rome.


And the Pope invited us over to say hello and talk a little bit about Night to Shine. And so we're showing him videos of Night to Shine and serving all of the kings and queens at Night to Shine. And so my wife's showing him some of the videos and that I'm sharing, and then one of our awesome team leads for ministry. She's just a rockstar. And so then he starts asking her a question and she responds, it is just our greatest joy and we love getting the chance to fight people with special needs.


And his interpreter is like, should do you want me? And she's like, no, no. I mean, fight for people with special needs fight more. And so you can see his interpreters like, wait, do you really want me to tell the boat that you fight people with special needs? It is awesome. We just cried laughing so long after that. I'm glad I'm not the only one that's messed this up, But there is a big difference. I love it. Bringing faith, hope and love to over 100 million children around the world, a warrior in the fight against human trafficking, championing the Renewed Hope Act to rescue tens of thousands of unidentified children from the horrors of sexual exploitation.


You're a husband to Demi Lee, soon to be a father. Congratulations. Thank you. And most importantly, you are an unapologetic ev evangelist of Jesus Christ. So before we, we get into the interview, I would just be honored to pray with you. Yeah. So if you could lead that, that would be amazing. Love To, let's pray. Good and gracious. Heavenly Father, we love you so much. We love you because you first loved us. We love you because you gave your all and you gave your best for us. And we are just so undeserving and unworthy, and I am so undeserving and so unworthy and just failed you so many times.


And yet you still love us and you still want to be in relationship with us, and you forgive us and you reconcile us, and you bring us into your family. And we can't even fully comprehend your love for us. But we just say Thank You so much and we're so humbled. And we also ask that that love that you have bestowed on us would also be a love that we would bring to the world, that we would share with the world, that we would choose the world's best interest and act on their behalf. That when we would see the world, we wouldn't see people through the differences, but we would see them for what we have in common. And what we have in common most is that when you went to the cross, it counted for all of us.


Now, I Thank you for this time together and Thank you for Sean and, and the impact that, that he is making. I Thank you for the platform that he has and the stories that he tells and the heart that he has. I ask that you have put a wall of protection around him, around his body or his mind, his future, and that he would continue to influence people to, to love, to good deeds, to ministry, to, to things that are gonna last. Thank you for his service, for our country, that his service for the most vulnerable to protect and defend, insecure. And we are just so grateful. And we know that there's no greater love in those that would lay down.


There's life for a friend. And so we Thank you for him. We Thank you for his team. We ask you to bust him and put a wallet protector around them. And once again, we say Thank you for who you are and what you've done. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I would just like to, to add one thing, just please use this platform to, to amplify everything that Tim and his team are bringing to the world. And and there's a lot of unfortunate kids that are going through horrific times right now. And I hope that they at least get a glimpse of this to know that there is hope in the world for them and that that people are fighting for them. Jesus name, amen. Amen.


Thank you brother. Thank you. That felt amazing. So couple more things before we get into it. Everybody gets a gift. Vigilance league, gummy bearers. Come on. Legal in all 50 states. There's no funny stuff in there. It's just candy that's horrible for you. So they might be illegal here pretty soon. With RFK, I knew that you gave gifts, and so we have something for you. Oh man, Thank You so much for this. I appreciate it. And your packaging is awesome. Thank you. Yeah. That's our, our logo. And it stands for Faith, hope and love, the, the cross, the heartbeat and the Heart.


It stands for for Faith, hope, and love. Oh Man, I love it. And that's part of our mission statement. There's some other swag in there and it's a part of our mission statement to bring faith, hope and love to those needing a brighter day in their darkest hour if need. Oh, I love these. Thank You so much. Of Course, man. Thank You so much. Thank you. And then the last thing before we get into the meat of this. So I have a Patreon account, it's a subscription account. We've turned it into quite the community and they've been here with me since the beginning. And when I started this in my attic, and then we moved here and now we're moving into a new studio that's a lot bigger than this.


And, and it's all because of these guys. And so one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. And so this is from Robert Banta. What would you say to kids today who face significant challenges as Christians in today's school system that pushes ideals that do not align with Christianity? That's a good question. It's a deep question. I would encourage them and challenge them to not just don't think about it showing up as an opposition.


Th show up thinking as a ministry. This is also their mission field. One of the things my dad always en encouraged me when I was young and I, I know I ignored it many times, was nobody is too young for God to use them. And for those young boys and girls that are going to school, you know, this is an opportunity for them to stand up for their classmates, to love their classmates, those that are being bullied. Invite them to sit at their table, those that are are hurting, show them how much you care about them. You don't have to wait one day till you grow up and you go on a mission trip or you do all these other things. Like this is a chance for you. School can be an amazing place.


It can also be a hard place. School can be a place of, of learning and discipleship and growing and a renewing of your mind. But it can also be a place where people experience a lot of hardship being left out and being bullied and, and being treated as lest than, and this is so many of their opportunities to say, no, no, you're not lest than, Hey, come hang with me. Come stand with me. I'm gonna be your friend. I'm gonna stand with you. I'm gonna stand for you. And maybe have chances to share their faith verbally. But they always have chances to share their faith with their kindness and their love and their compassion and the hope that they bring every day. And so instead of looking at it as, Hey man, this is an opposition.


No, this is an opportunity. There's a big difference. This is an opportunity for me to, to win over classmates, to love them, to care for them. Even teachers, faculty. If it's a place that says, why, why do you believe in that? Why do you do this? Well then I get to show you not just with my words, but I get to show you with my actions. And one, the quotes that I love is every day we share the gospel. But every now and then we use words. And I would encourage these boys and girls that they're not too young for God to use you. We look at scripture and we see God using young people all of the time. And sometimes they feel like they had a lot and sometimes they feel like they had a little. But God doesn't need us to have a lot or have a little, he just needs us to say, Hey, this is what you've let me borrow for a little bit.


Hey God, would you just use it? I want to be used. I wanna show up. Here you go. Please use it. Take my loaves and my fish and, and multiply it. Wow. That is amazing. That is amazing. And so that brings us to, I mean, you've just got an amazing life story and you know, you were born in 1987 in the Philippines, and I believe your, your parents were on a, a missionary operation there. Yes. Yeah. And so what, can you go into some of the, what, what is the missionary operation? Well, my, my dad started BTA Bob Tebow Evangelistic Association and to be able to share the gospel with every man, woman, boy and girl in the country of the Philippines.


And because of dad's faithfulness, millions of people have heard the gospel. And over 30 million people have indicated that they have put their faith in Jesus because of him. And, and that his amazing ministry. And we lived there for five years. And I was so privileged to be born there in a country that I love so much and is so near and dear to my heart. But when my parents decided to move there, God called them there. And actually my dad was driving from a conference, I believe it was in Alabama. My mom was in Jacksonville, Florida. And my dad's driving with my oldest sister Christie in the car. And he knew that God called him at that moment while he was driving.


He just knew. And he, you know, trying to make excuses. But then he knew God called him again in the car while he's driving and he's, okay, I gotta surrender. He said, okay, God, I'll go, I'll go. And, and he got home and he saw my mom and he said to my mom, God called me to the Philippines. And she said, I know because he called me too. Wow. And they were separated, not like separating their marriage, just separated because he's at the conference and then they start talking about, Hey, well when did you feel that that in your heart? And when you feel that nudge? And as they're talking about it, they were looking, they're like, we think you called us at the exact same time.


Wow. And so they decided, so he goes to his board and he's like, Hey, God called me to the Philippines. Okay, let's go. We gotta go raise money and we gotta go to send you guys off. And when are you thinking, you know, six months or a year from now you're gonna leave. And he said, no, God called me. We have to go. And so they literally packed everything up and within days left and took four kids to the Philippines. And it's just such an example of, it's one of the reasons why my parents are just some of my biggest heroes 'cause their willingness to say yes when God calls. They've said yes. And, and so we are in the Philippines and living, and my dad is before I was born and my dad is in a very remote island, Philippines is, is made up of thousands of islands and he's in a remote island and he's getting ready to preach and he just starts weeping uncontrollably for all of the God puts on his heart, all the babies that are being aborted around the world, but specifically in America.


And he, he's as he's just weeping, God puts it on his heart to have another baby and to name that baby Timothy, which means honoring God. And so he finishes preaching and goes home and he says, Hey to my mom, God put it on my heart that we need to have another baby. And she's like, they already had four. And my mom's like, well, God did put it on my heart so I don't, but she said, she decided she's gonna start praying about it and not long a, she started praying about it. Not long after that, God put it on her heart too that they needed to have another baby and at least try. Not long after that she became pregnant.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for. And they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology in switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their a hundred percent US based team can activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones and one, they have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and right now use the promo code SS for a free month of service When you sign up, switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash s or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared and I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off. There are three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Prepare with sean.com.


At least they thought she was pregnant, but then some of the doctors were saying that it's not even a baby. It might be a massive fetal tissue, it might be a tumor. And so actually Sean, my first nickname was Timmy the Tumor. So try getting rid of that one from four old siblings. But they said, Hey, with all of these issues, and there were so many issues that she was having, they said, you need to have an abortion. 'cause she had amoeba, dysentery, she had the placenta wasn't properly attached. She even went into a coma in, in certain time of the pregnancy and they said, you need to have an abortion. It'll cost you your life. It'll cost you your baby's life. And and she with you know, her faith and my dad and all the people praying for him, she had the courage to say, no, we're we're gonna trust God.


Wow. And, and I'm so grateful that she did. And months later the doctor that was helping my mom deliver me was a doctor that had done, helped thousands of women. And when I was finally born and he handed me to my mom, he said, I have no idea how your baby boy survived. It's the greatest miracle I've ever seen. I don't know how he got the nutrients, I don't know how he's alive. The placenta was only has a tiny bit that's attached all of these issues. I just don't know how he survived. And, and I was malnourished. And so my family continued to send out prayer requests to people around the world.


And so many people were praying for me when I was a baby and I was malnourished. But I tried to make up for her quickly. And, and just so grateful that I could be here even sitting with you today because my mom trusted God and gave me a chance and, and my parents' faithfulness and all the people that that prayed for me. 'cause I do believe Paris powerful. And yesterday we were just in DC celebrating the National Day of Prayer. And you know, there was over 70,000 groups around America that were praying together yesterday. Like there is power in prayer.


And just so grateful that God answered that prayer to give me a chance. Wow. I have a question, but I'm gonna let the interview develop a little bit more. I, I wanna know how God talks to you, but, but first do you remember any of the missionary stuff? Of course in the Philippines? Yeah. Not as much from when I was, when we were living there. 'cause we moved back when I was about five. So I don't remember as I, a little bit of it glimpses of it. But then we went back so many times 'cause we moved back to the states, to the west side of Jacksonville, Florida.


But my dad would be gone about half of the year over there and so many times I got to go with him and siblings and we would get to go back and we went, spent a lot of summers going back with him to be able to do mission work with him. So I remember more of that than I do from when I was young. How Do you, was it dangerous at all? My parents would try to keep the kids in in some of the areas that were safer. But my, my parents went through a lot of areas that were dangerous. They were my dad in certain of the countries that he went into to share the gospel got put in jail.


My dad got told to leave so many times. My dad, multiple times they told him, Hey, if you stand up and share the gospel, we're gonna kill you and he are you serious? And he would stand up and he would tell them, but I just wanna tell you how much God loves you. And he would share his heart. And one time in specifically that I can remember, a man showed up and he was in the back of the, the audience and he showed up with a machete. And as he starts making his way forward and my dad says something in his heart pricking him, telling him to start talking about forgiveness. And he does. And this man's making his way closer and closer and he finally gets and stands right in front of my dad.


And, and he just says, I was sent here to kill you, but I heard you talking about forgiveness and I just wanna ask if you would forgive me. And just so grateful for my parents' faith. And not just the faith like oh Sunday in church, but the faith in the hard moments and to say yes to God because I got to see that so many times. I got to see my dad say to my mom when we had such little money, Hey, it's okay, give the rest away. I said, gotta see it multiple times in my life. And my mom gave the rest the way and both times people came over that evening for dinner and said, we don't know why we were supposed to do this.


We just knew we were supposed to give you, bring dinner to you guys. And it's just like a god wink moment as my wife loves to say of like, you know, God saw that faithfulness so, so many times I got to see that. And you know, one of the things that that I think when I even start to regurgitate some of these stories and there's so many more, I got to see so much of that and still see God's faithfulness and his, his hand work in my parents' life and in the life of so much of the ministry. And still so many times I, I would just fall short and screw up from it.


And you know, it's something that I know I've been convicted about so many times because I've seen God at work and I've seen God do incredible things and it's so easy for me to lose sight of that and to veer off of the path and off of the track. And, and then I see so many other lives that haven't had the same parents like me and haven't been able to see that. And yet I see their faith and it's so strong. I think, man, you know, God's had to remind me so many times because my, my faith has been so weak, my trust has been so weak and I've seen it. And then I see so many lives that have come through such harder situations and their faith is so strong and it's something that's so convicting to me To hear you say that you veer off the path.


I mean, from what I know about you that you've never veered off the path. How, how do you, I mean, what, how do you veer off the path? Well, with my actions, with my words, with my thoughts make a long story short. Well there's many times when I first got a platform that God had given me, so I shouldn't even say my platform, the platform God's let me steward for a little bit. People would say, Hey Timmy, I want you to know you're our son's role model. You're our daughter's role model. I would start to think, no, not if you knew me on my worst day, I wouldn't be their role model.


Not if you knew my worst thoughts, my worst words, my worst actions. But God had to work in me with that because actually it's just with a, a band yesterday called Casting Crowns. And they're Christian bands been around for a long time and they had a song, they still have the song called Voice of Truth. And it'll say The voice of truth tells me a different story. The voice of truth says, do not be afraid. The voice of truth says this is for my glory. Out of all the voices calling out to me, I will choose to listen and believe the voice of truth. And there are so many times that I would hear the voice of shame and guilt and doubt and you're not enough and, and you can't and and you know you have this platform.


But if they really knew, you know, your worst actions, your worst thoughts, your worst days, your worst moments and and and the feeling of you're not enough, you're not equipped all of this. And I would have to listen to that song and get in God's word because he would remind me, no, that's the voice of the enemy. But what does God say? You see, the enemy calls you by your sin. God calls you by your name. The enemy calls you a mistake. God calls you a masterpiece. The enemy says that you should be afraid. And God says, I didn't give you a spirit of fear. The enemy says you're alone. But God says, I will never leave you and forsake you. And so that's why it's so important to have a renewing of your mind in God's word, in scripture, in prayer and with other people around you.


'cause when we get isolated, when we get alone, all of those voices from the enemy start to leak in and they start to creep and they start to say, and they start to point out all of those flaws. But then you have to get back to scripture because God's saying, no, no, no, no, no, you're missing the mark because you're missing the point. Yes, you have scars and you have flaws, but you're not defined by your scars. You are defined by mine. That's the gospel. That's the cross. We couldn't do anything about it. But yet his scars are what define us. Now as believers, that's what we're defined as. And so when we're going through this journey and we start to look at all of our flaws and all of this, it's like, wait a second, but God still used flawed, fallen people.


We look at scripture, that's who he uses. And it just, I'm so grateful. 'cause then I'm like, oh yes, it's encouraging 'cause I'm not disqualified. But it's so important that those voices aren't the voices that lead us. That we would have a renewing of our mind in scripture with the promise of the gospel, the hope of the gospel that we would be able to live in that of what God has done. And yes, I'm a screw up, but he's not and he's the savior. And now I'm a child of God. I'm a son of the king, the king of the world, whoever for who will forever reign. That's my identity now. And one of the things that I sometimes love to challenge, especially young people is, hey, when I, when you pull out your ID and you look at it, my ID would say Timothy, Richard, Tebow, Jacksonville, Florida, it would have my birthdate and he would have all of these things on it.


But my spiritual id, that's not what it says. It's son of the king, king of the world who will forever reign. And guess what, on my spiritual id, there's no expiration date. And it doesn't say my spiritual ID doesn't say Florida. It says heaven as we're citizens of heaven because of what Jesus has done. And we have to remember that because when we, when we follow, we have pride and ego and mistakes and selfishness and all of this, then it's so important to, yes, to adjust and change course. But then also remember that's not what defines me. That's not my identity.


That is no, that is no longer who I am or whose I am. When is the first time, so you were, you guys were going back and forth from Jacksonville, Florida to the Philippines. And I'm curious, who are you, who are you guys targeting? How do you know who to talk to? How do you know how to even broach the subject, especially in a country where it's not welcome? Well the special thing about the Philippines is they're, they were so receptive to the gospel. They're so hungry for it. And but I think the first answer to that would be for my parents it would be it's where God called you.


Just where did God called you? And you say yes to that. And it doesn't always have to be a logical thing. It's a spiritual thing. Did God called you to go there? And one of the things that my dad would always tell me, and I'm so grateful for it, he would say, Timmy, if, if you just wanna go because you have compassion, which is a great thing, or you have empathy, which is a really good thing or you have a a heart for the people, that's very special. But if you go and you're gonna get knocked down, you're gonna get a bloody nose you'd say. But if you get a bloody nose and you don't know you're called there, then you'll start looking for every reason to go back.


And you'll start trying to find out all the logical reasons. Well we need to go do this, but if God calls you and you get a bloody nose, 'cause you will, you know, this is still exactly where I'm supposed to be. And that was what I also got to see in my parents was knowing this is where God wanted them. And the the assurance and the confidence you can live in when you really believe you are standing in, part of the reason why God created you was for this moment, for for this place was for these people to stand and to be able to share and love this, this is where God has called you. And so I think that's, that would be a far part of the first answer to that question.


And then it's now how strategically can we love and we share and can we do all of that? And that was a process my parents went through of, of figuring that out. And they did it in so many different ways, whether that was in basketball games, 'cause people love basketball there. And they'd come to the games or it was in film showings, they would show a film and the whole villages would show up and dad would share the gospel or schools, marketplaces, prisons, hospitals, all the above. But it was a, a process my parents went on for, for a long time. And man it was fun as a, as part of it, but also an outsider just being at watch and to to see the confidence they had because they knew it's where God wanted them.


Are these, are these people, do they have any knowledge of the Bible, the New Testament in the Philippines? Christ? Yes. Yes. I mean the people that you're talking to, The people at my specifically growing up on the mission field. Yes. Some, so the Philippines made up of just over 7,200 islands. So the main islands, yes they will, they will be churches, they will know. But some of the remote islands, I have personally been to quite a few remote islands where they have said to us in their words, you're the first visitors we've ever had. And they had never heard of the name of Jesus.


They had never heard of the gospel. So in a country where the people are so incredibly amazing and loving and they will, i I mean this literally, they will give you the shirt off their back. They love visitors still the older ones, especially when I was young, they would still say, Hey Joe, for the GI Joes that came in World War ii, wow. Like, it is so cool, especially when I was young, the older ones now that's, you know, it's getting less and less as time's getting further away. So there was, they loved visitors, they loved Americans, but there was such a separation between what the people in the bigger cities were experiencing versus the remote islands.


And, and I've gotten a chance to go to many remote islands and many of them was where my life has really changed. But getting to share the good news of the gospel with people that have never heard it. How do you, how do you, how do you, how do you start that conversation? I mean, if you're talking to somebody who, who believes in something else and they've never heard of this, they've never heard of Christ, they've never heard of the Bible, they've never heard of any of it. I mean, where, where do you start? Start by talking about who God is and what God has done and in creation and all of this and how much God loves us and always lead with love because God is love. And then to be able to talk about love and how much God loves you and how much God loves every person I'm talking to and, and really paint that picture.


And that's why we're here because we wanna tell you how much God loves you. And then after I paint that picture, then it's to say, but we have a problem. And that problem is sin. You see, sin separates us from God because God is a holy just God. But it doesn't end with the problem. God created a solution to our problem. That solution to our problem was his son Jesus. And you go through the life of Jesus and the, the the life and the death and the burial and the resurrection and the ascension of Jesus Christ and the story of Jesus, not just the story, but the gift of, of Jesus to all of us. That he's offering us a free gift of eternal life.


And that would be a, a big part of how we would walk people through and then invite them if they believe in what Jesus has done and accounted for them to say yes to it. I guess that all makes a lot of sense. How, how, how do you, I mean, how does the, in initial, do you build a relationship with him first and then you start talking about it Some sometimes. Or do you start it right off the bat? Some parts of the min some parts of the ministry. Yeah. You start a relationship and some parts of the ministry, you're trying to get to as many places as you possibly can. So to be able to share with as many people. So you try to bring big groups together, but for the sake of getting to as many, you don't always get to build as deep a relationship as you want.


But we always try to have follow up to have pastors come and follow up to share and disciple and build churches. And many times those churches are house churches, not churches that we think of. Just people that are gathering together. Because ultimately that's the, that's what the church is the ecclesia, the church. It's wasn't like, oh, on Sunday there's this building we go to and has a steeple. No, it was bodies of believers coming together to to sharpen each other, to be in the presence of the Lord and with each other and do life in ministry and everything together as the body of believers. The, that's more of the church than, Hey, we just show up and there's this, we just sing and then we, someone shares and then we go have lunch and we leave.


Like, and so yes, we do have a lot of follow up and we always try to, but it was also many times just getting to the, the heart of it, Hey, this is why we're here. And they say, Hey, why would you come out this way? Why would you leave America? Why would you leave Florida? Why would you come here? Oh man, we want you to know the greatest thing we've ever found. And so many times, my, my dad, I watched him in so many places around the world, marketplaces, especially flea markets, villages, mar because so many people around the world, different places, they, they show up to marketplaces to trade and they, you know, pesos for good, for rice, whatever they do build, you know, go sell.


And so they exchange, right? And so it's a place of trade. And so many times I got to watch my dad walk into villages, marketplaces and he'd find maybe something to stand on or just on his tippy toes and he would say, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey everyone, I wanna tell you about the greatest trade in the history of the world. And every time that I can remember, everyone stopped. 'cause they wanted find out what's the greatest trade in the history of the world. Like it gets people's attention. And he'd go on and say, the greatest trade and the history of the world is that the God of this universe wants to trade you of your sin, all of your wrong and give you righteousness.


He wants to take your sin and give you righteousness. That's the gospel. He takes your sin and he gives you righteousness, he makes you right with his dad. The greatest trade in the history of the world. And it's just, I, I just love being able to watch my dad do that. And still sometimes I love getting to talk about the greatest trade And they're, they're immediately receptive. Not everywhere. Not everywhere. Sometimes they're certain places, they're very not receptive. Some places they, I've seen them run him off. I've seen him them argue, but also I've seen people that you would've never thought, respond, respond weeping.


So no, it's not always receptive. And I could tell you there are many countries where it was the exact opposite of receptive. But you could even see in some of those times how God would start to work in the hard places and the people that are even resistant to it. You know, we've already, we've already talked a lot about, God spoke to your, your parents about going to the Philippines at the exact same time God spoke to him about having another child, which was you not doing an abortion, having faith. When is the first time that you felt God speak to you?


It's a good question. So I grew up just with just the best parents and four older siblings that were amazing. And we grew up going to church all the time. Sunday morning, Sunday night, Wednesday night, did a couple of Bible studies in between and over and over again. My parents, especially my dad would say, Hey, you heard the pastor talking about Jesus and that free gift. Do you wanna say yes to Jesus today? And over and over I'd say, no dad, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. I'm, I'm good. Go to my parents' room and he'd say, Hey, you know, you, you heard the sermon today or you heard me preach, what do you think?


Do you wanna say? I'd say, no, dad, I'm good. Until one night I was lying in my bed late in the evening. And I knew that, I knew that, I knew that I was a sinner that desperately needed a savior. How old Were you? I was six years old. Six years old. Yeah. And I was terrified and I couldn't sleep. And I got up in the morning and I ran to go see my mom and I said, mom, we gotta ask Jesus, I gotta ask Jesus to come into my heart. And she said, okay, let me go get your father. And I said, no mom, we don't have time.


And I was kind of intense too. And, and she said, okay. She said, okay, okay. And on the west side of Jacksonville, Florida, we got on our knees on a blue couch. And I asked Jesus to come into my heart and he did. And he forgave me of my sin. And one of the things that my parents did that was so special is they wanted us to remember that moment and how special it was. So even a family that didn't have a lot of money and was always strapped to do a lot of things, my mom set up a, a trip for us to go to Orlando and go to Epcot to celebrate my spiritual birthday.


And my family always made a bigger deal of our spiritual birthday than they did our earthly birthday. And my mom still every year will call me, tell me it's your spiritual birthday. You know, it's so That's really cool. I've not heard of that. Yeah, And I mean, you're, you're always led and I mean the three 16 stuff, the pushback that you receive, the mockery of your faith all the way up to what you're doing today with all these different things, combating sex trafficking, standing up for the vulnerable.


I mean, how, how does he, how do you know, how does he speak to you? How do you know where to go? How do you, how do, how did you know that he wanted you to combat sex trafficking and, and sex exploitation and, and do the stuff with the, with the vulnerable kids and the proms and Good question. I Mean, where does this come from and how does he speak to you? Well, I, I had first answer by saying maybe I'm not a, a very good Christian, but God's never audibly spoke to me. Hmm. And I do believe that it does for some people, but never with me.


But I feel like in how God usually speaks to me or people is in God's word, is time and prayer. And it's also through a lot of people wise counsel, it's so important to us that earlier, our second core value for our foundation, our family, myself, all of us, is that we value and seek wise counsel because man, God uses people to speak into you. And then I would also say of the I, one of the ways I like to talk about is the pricking of your heart. Like this nudging of your heart. And then when I accepted Christ as a boy, you know, still learning and figuring out so much of what that means.


But really the, the first time I would say I, I felt called to something specifically was when I was 15. And I, I met a boy in the jungles of the Philippines who was born with his feet on backwards. And because of that, he was treated and viewed as less than insignificant throwaway. And many viewed him as cursed because they, they believed that he had special needs. His feet were on backwards. His, his less than the gods have cursed him. And so he was treated as an outcast, as less than. And man, I just fell in love with that boy. I knew that he wasn't an outcast, he wasn't cursed. But I, I also knew, and I, Sean, it's hard to even say like this is all just, you're trying to figure out what does that even mean?


But almost, if I could put it into a sentence, which I couldn't, then it was the thought of, yeah, Timmy, you, you might know he's, he's not cursed, but what are you gonna do about it? What are you gonna do? You might have this thought or this feeling, but what are you gonna do? I've shown you how much I love him. I demonstrated my love for you and for him on the cross. But how much will you love him


When the grid fails and no one's coming? You need more than a backup. That's why I want to introduce you to Paladin Power. Most of America's 130 year old power grid is fragile, outdated, and vulnerable. Paladin power gives you the ability to operate completely independent of the grid no matter what happens. Pallet and power builds advanced energy storage solutions, veteran owned American made and designed to take you off the grid for good one pallet and unit can run your whole house, HVAC, ev, power tools, everything, other brands you need up to eight, nine, or even 10 systems that's not sustainable or practical. They take up too much space and the costs are outrageous. Howden's system is smaller, more powerful and delivers the lowest price per kilowatt hour on the market. It's us made tariff resilient warrantied for 20 years and built with modern US manufacturing. Plus they're actively working to develop a lithium free, fire safe system that's years ahead of anything on the market. Head over to pallet and power.com/ss to learn more USE CODE SS for up to 15% off. That's my code. SS at palin power.com/ss.


And I, I don't know if I could even fully articulate that. And I even came back to the states and I, I shared that testimony of some people, and you're trying to articulate, all I knew is somehow God was challenging me and convicting me to fight for those that couldn't fight for themselves, to stand up and speak for those that didn't have a voice, to not just feel something or think something but do something. And I didn't know, I was like, God, but what do you want me to do? I don't know what to do. And, but it was that on my heart and God started to let it grow and grow and grow. And then I, we kept going back and and forth to the Philippines throughout all my summer and, and even into college.


And, and so when I'm in college, we we're starting to, we, you know, then you, you didn't have NIL or you didn't have the opportunity to have a foundation. So we tried to use the rules to ways to make impact and difference. And, but then the first thing I did when I graduated from Florida is start the Tempio Foundation. In all honesty, I know this doesn't sound good, but not knowing exactly what it that meant, I just knew we were called to fight for people that couldn't fight for themselves. And so I wrote the mission statement and it was the only really place early on of clarity was the mission statement. I don't know why God let me have peace on that, but I did. And I remember I was right here in Nashville when I was writing it 'cause I was training for the NFL draft over at D one and I wrote the mission statement to bring faith, hope and love to those needing a brighter day in their darkest hour of need to sum it up to fight for people that couldn't fight for themselves.


And so it started with, with orphan care and special needs care. And then very quickly we got into starting to plan for our first hospital and to support strong families. And so it was just this, this uncertainty of how, but this belief and why, if that makes sense. I don't know strategically I what this means. I just know that we are called to fight for people that can't fight for themselves. Now we call that the MVP, the most vulnerable people. And I would also say that God's challenged me a lot in my life of really in a sense saying, Timmy, you care and cared so much about winning.


And I loved, I love winning. I hated losing even more and insanely competitive. I love the drive, I love the challenge, I love the chase, I wanna win. I really do. And everything that I do, I really love the pursuit of trying to be my best. And every now and then, you get to be the best. And when you're the best in something, you win a, a championship or maybe sometimes you would win an MVP as most valuable player. But then along the way God started to break my heart saying, you care so much about championships or MVPs, but I have a more important MVP for you to chase.


It's not the most valuable player, it's the most vulnerable people, but which one will you care about more? And I really believe in my life, there has been many days I've missed the mark because I've, I've, I've, I could have said the right thing, but I knew deep down in my heart, man, I wanna win man. I wanna make that team, man I wanna do this man. And it's not that all of those things are wrong, but when you're putting them in the place of what God has called you to and you're putting them, what is it be is so high, it becomes ego, it becomes pride. And you're putting it on an altar and you're making it the priority when it's fine.


If it's a goal, just not your biggest priority, just not in the place of where God and what he's called you to should sit. And too many days of my life, I know I've missed the mark, even though I've known that in my heart, in my head. And I probably would've gave you a good answer. But I knew I put that here. I knew I put it too high. Well, maybe not always when I was doing it, but many times convicted afterwards, oh man, I would've said the right thing. But you know what, this last season that definitely took the place of God, that was my identity, was there, my focus was there.


Who and whose I was was there not in my relationship with Christ. I mean, you know, just looking back, do you think that I, it, it sounds to me like you think that maybe that was wrong to use that drive to become to to, to win championships and all that stuff. No, I don't. Do you think that, I guess hear me out, it, it sounds to me like you think I was selfish back then. I prioritized the wrong things. But do you think there's, it's possible that God wanted you to prioritize that, to build your name up so that you could become the man that you are today?


No. Well, with the platform that you have today, I think there's a Lot today. I think that God works all things together for good to those who love, who are called according to his purpose. Even disappointments, frustration, selfishness, ego. Somehow we have served a guy that works all things together for good. Those who love, who are called according to purpose. So I believe that God can, can do all sorts of stuff with that. But it's not that chasing those things is wrong. Please don't hear that. It's not that they're wrong. I I do think, I think it's a good thing. I should, I think believers should compete to win. I really do. Whatever your hand finds to do, do with all of your might like, do it as unto the Lord. Like, no, I don't think God's saying, Hey, be last in, in service. He is. But not in sports or in life or in all this stuff.


No, no. He's, I what I'm saying is if I said it was, you know, my faith, you know, family, loving people, all of this in football, you know, people say that faith, family, football too many times it would've actually, if you really weighed my heart, it would've been football, faith, family. That's what I'm saying. I let the priorities get out of whack too many times and it's not competing or winning is wrong. I don't think that whatsoever. I believe that as believers we should strive to win. We should be good and we should try to use all of that to honor the Lord with it and love people and help people and make a difference in people's lives.


It's just we can't let that striving be in the place where Jesus should be. And I think I let that happen too many times. So it was tough to navigate the ego Yes. And drive. And so when you, back to how, how God speaks to you or, or the, the few tugs on your heart, your God, yes. MVPs you wanted help the most vulnerable you have that there's a lot of vulnerable people out there in a lot of different ways. And so how do you know which direction?


That's a really good question. A lot of times I would try to figure that out a lot of time in prayer, discernment wise counsel. But one of the ways that we would talk about it is that, that we try to gain clarity is what has God pricked your heart for and what has God opened your eyes to? And if so, he's probably saying, go meet that need. So he pricked my heart and open my eyes to meet Sherwin in the Philippines, the boy with his feet on backwards. And I believe he was saying it, I'm letting you see him and I'm letting you feel for him because I want you to care for him. And then along the way it was more orphans and special needs and thrown aways.


And then couple years later from that, it was, it led into the fight against trafficking and exploitation. 'cause my dad was in a underground pastor's conference in a country where faith isn't really allowed. And so he's meeting with these pastors underground so they don't get arrested and they can go back to their communities and minister. And in that underground location, men came in with four little girls and started to auction off these four little girls to all of the men that are in this place. And one of the reasons why my dad's one of my greatest heroes and role models, he just can't look the other way. And he didn't have a seven step plan of what to do. He didn't have a plan of action.


He had strategic thought. He just was, no, no, those girls are priceless to God. I gotta do whatever I can. He took out all the money in his wallet, which was $1,250 for the rest of his trip and to get home. And he purchased the freedom of those four girls. And he called me afterwards and I said, Hey dad, how's the trip going? How you doing? And he said, I'm doing okay. And I was like, what, what are you up to? And he said, I, I just purchased the freedom of four girls. I'm like, what are you talking about dad? He goes on to tell me the story. And I just knew in that conversation, and I, I don't know, Sean, it's hard to explain. I just knew this is also part of what we were called to do, meaning at TTF and not long after I got to fly to that location and you show up and you're thinking all these thoughts like, oh, this is like taken and Liam Neeson and this is cartels and it's, you know, crime families and all of this.


And now I'm, by that time we even had more kids. And by that time when I got there, you realize most of these children were sold by their family. One of the first girls that I got to meet, she didn't make enough money one day. And so when she got home, her mom, in such a place of desperation took her and boiled out her eye and Boiled out Her eye, boiled out her eye. And I just knew, God, let me see, God, let me see. For a reason, God let me feel for a reason, not so that I can just create awareness or not.


So I can just tell a story because he's saying, I let you see, I let you feel, I let you be here because I want you to do something about it because I want you to stand up and fight for her because she doesn't have a voice. And all of these other boys and girls, they don't have a voice and no one standing for them, will you? And and that was the start of it for us. And man, when we got into it, we had just no idea what we were doing. I mean, no idea. Just trying to learn and figure out. And, and I I also want to mention one thing about that story with my dad before we move on, is, who is my dad sitting with a group of pastors?


Do you know how many of those pastors Sean said, Hey, Mr. Tebow, let, let me go find him dinner, Mr. Tebo, let me go find him a night, stay, let Mr. Tebow, let me go figure out food for tomorrow. Or all of this stuff. Not one of them. Why? Because they all had really good excuses. Like, well, Mr. Tebo, you know, the, those people that you're giving that money to, they're gonna go do something else bad with it. And yes, Sean is probably true, but go say it to those four girls. And I'm not saying that my dad had a perfect strategy in all of this, but man, he just knew the true infinite worth and value of those boys and girls.


And he was willing to do whatever he could for 'em. And so many times we look and we're, we try to weigh and judge in all of this, and sometimes God's saying, I want you to step in and I want you to be a warrior for them. I want you to fight for them. Don't you just talk on the peripheral or you know, share. No, don't you get in the fight for them. And I was also so convicted when my dad told me, when I asked about what the pastors did, and he told me, because I started to think, how many times in my life have I just made really good excuses? 'cause we can't, it's easy.


Well I'm, you know, we're doing this and one day I'm gonna do that. One day we're gonna figure it out and you, I'm gonna go on a mission trip and I'm gonna do these things. And, and we spend so much time making really good excuses. And I don't even think, we always realize we're making good excuses. But so many times I look back and I say, no, that's, to me, that's a really good excuse. It's a really good excuse. And honestly, we can fool ourselves and we can fool others. I, but I, I would challenge us and if challenge myself, myself a lot, are you really just saying, oh, you're tired, or you have to do this, or you have to do this, or I gotta provide here, or I gotta do this, but I gotta go train, but I gotta go do this.


Or are you really just making a good excuse to avoid saying yes to something God's calling you to? How did your dad want, I mean, how does he find himself in a, in a situation, in a, in a, in a community that is selling children? Well, because he's bringing all the pastors from local area and many of these pastors in this country had been thrown in prison for being pastors, for being Christians. Many had been persecuted some worse. And and so it's in an area where they thought they could meet. And, and, and so they're looking for places to, you know, these men were looking for places to sell.


And I, I honestly would even take it farther. I believe that it was a, that God used that time for my dad and some of those other pastors that have been very influential to me as a, as a special moment. Sometimes we say ordained moments or stuff and I don't know, but just a moment where it was going to open his eyes so that he would open my I Do you, the reason I'm asking about how God speaks to you is, is this is a new journey for me. I'm about two years into it. And so I'm learning to lean into my gut because I think that's where he speaks to me.


And so I'm going to ask, you know, I mean, what is it a gut feeling? Do I mean, and how how quick do you act on it? I mean, is it instantaneous? Does it, do you grow confidence with it over time? Sean, it's such a good question. And I wish there was a perfect answer I could give, but I'm also looking for that myself. And I work with so many friends, mentors, and pastors of trying to discern and figure that out. And I spend time in prayer in God's word and with wise counsel. And I'll always go back to those three. 'cause there that is in scripture, we need to spend time with him. We spend time in prayer, we need to spend time with wise counsel.


All are so vital to, to life and wisdom, knowledge, and understanding. But I I would also add to that, that when we, when you, when you say your gut, or I say, you know, God pricks my heart and opens my eyes, we need to take that back to God's word. Does it match up? Is my gut or my heart matching with God's word? And if it's matching with God's word and there's something I can do about it, I, I always wanna lean towards yes, we do it if we can make a difference in humanity or for a hurting person. And also why it's so important to go back to God's word.


Because if it matches up with God's word and meaning something like the fight against trafficking or exploitation or the valuing of humanity and special needs or orphan care, like all of those things we have been told in scripture, defend the weak and the fatherless stand up for the orphan and the widow just over and over and over again. So yes, we've already been told to do that. Like that's already a yes. It's a, it's already. So when we're saying, Hey, should I get into this? Well, maybe it's not my long-term calling, but yeah, if we're doing it and I can make a difference, yeah, do it. Like, and I also encourage, 'cause so many people ask me, Tammy, how do I know my purpose?


And I'll first say, I don't know, I, I'm not God and I don't understand the Bible perfectly. I'm just a sinner saved by grace. That's kind of trying to figure it out along the way. But man, if your eyes have been opened to a problem, if your heart has been pricked or your gut is saying something and you know it is in scripture, it matches scripture and you can do something about it. Yeah. Let's start, let's err on the side of doing something. How Do you know if it, if, if it aligns with scripture? I think it's where it's so, so important to get into God's word and to know what God's word says. It's the, it's the love letter manual for our lives. And sometimes we look at it as a, like a chore.


And I, I tell you, I so many times I've looked at a chore, oh man, I know I gotta get in God's word and like I have to do this versus I get to do this versus man, I get to get in God's love letter. And yes it is, there are some areas that are so complicated and trying to go back to the original language and understanding Old Testament, new stand, new Testament. And, and, but it's something that is so real and alive and man, when you get into it and, and you study with friends and fellowship in it, I also believe God does something with it and in you with it. And so it's important to know, when I say go back to scripture and like referring to the story with dad and like, God, my dad knew that because he already knew scripture.


He knew that every one of those girls are fearfully and wonderfully made. That they're one of one created in love by love and for love on purpose and for a purpose. And that ain't the purpose. And so he already knows I, I gotta stand up for them. Like, And ultimately that's not necessarily, I'd say, you know, he calls use calling all the time, right? Dad's biggest calling is, he's an evangelist, right? But you know, in that moment I'm here, I can do something about it. I have to do something about it. And I love that about him so much. Do you ever feel, do you ever feel like your life isn't limbo where you're looking for a new direction and then you're called, I felt many times I was figuring out God's plan.


I think there's so much time in sports. I was trying to figure it out, you know, And so we're we're talking about a direction like, like like the proms or combating sex trafficking or, or, or, or the numerous other things you've done. How much time, what am I trying to ask here? I'm trying to ask how much time I can take some of those one by one. What's that? I can take some of them one by one. 'cause they're all different stories of how we got into 'em. How much time do you spend contemplating your gut to move into a certain direction now?


Well with that now something like the, like purchasing the girls, like I wasn't in that situation, but I could imagine that that's, that's an immediate action. You don't have time to think or ponder on it. That's right. This is really what you want me to do. That's right. And so what I'm talking about like the, a bigger picture of moving into the direction of any of the things that I just named. Yeah. How much time will you spend thinking a lot? Is this really what you want me to do? A A some of 'em a lot. And sometimes it's like, sometimes maybe too much. Sometimes maybe I've known, but I'm trying to deliberate and figure out and discern and do all this. And sometimes maybe I just hang on it too much rather than trust. And I'm trying to ask God for clarity and he's like, I gave you clarity.


Go do it. And so I feel like I've made that mistake a lot as well. But there's been some times, so for the example of Night to Shine, we were getting ready to celebrate our fifth year anniversary as a foundation. And our president at the time came to me and he said, Hey, there's these two churches that we know of that have something called like a Jesus prom where they celebrate individuals with special needs. And at that time we already served individuals with special needs and multiple countries around the world in different ways. And he said, so since we have such a heart form and we serve him, what if we at a, as a five year anniversary, what if we did something instead of just like having a banquet or something?


What if we did something to celebrate them and how special would that be? And I said, I love it. He said, awesome. Where do you wanna have it? Do you wanna have it like in Florida, Texas, Tennessee, New York? Do you wanna have it in, you know, Guatemala, Brazil, Philippines? Like where should we have it at the places we serve? And I said, just my first gut or heart response was, I think we need to have it everywhere. And he says, what, what do you mean? And I said, I don't know. I just know that every boy and girl, man or woman with special needs has been treated as less than they're not. And we need all of 'em to know their true worth and value and their families to know their true worth and value.


And I think we need to have it everywhere. And he's like, bro, what are you talking about? No, that's what I'm talking about. And I don't think he was very happy with me at the time. And it's just one of those moments. And then we went back and we talked to our team and we talked to our board and I just felt compelled, no, we need, we need to try to have this everywhere. And so our team and board started to talk about what that would look like and we thought, well what's the greatest way to do this partner with the church? It's an army that's mostly immobilized around the world. And so we're okay, we came up with the 72 page manual for the first year of all the ways we were gonna do it and then try to fund it and partner with churches to put it on.


And because we also want what's hopefully the best night of every king and queen's life to be at a church. So they would come back on Sunday and be loved so they would know they're part of a family. That this isn't a one time thing, this is an everyday thing. You are loved this way every day of your life. This is not a one night. And I tell them that every single year that they are told over and over and over again, we do this because this is how the God of this universe sees you every day of your life as a king or a queen. And so we are just praying that first year. Please, we hope churches would partner with us. In that first year we had just over 40 churches partner with us in 26 states in three countries.


And we were like, yes, yes. Like, God, you're so big. Thank You so much is awesome. We're just so grateful and humbled. And we flew to the, so the, that night, the first year we're like, okay, we're gonna go to one in North Carolina and then because South Carolina's close, we're gonna fly to South Carolina and, and get, so we can get to two. So we flew to North Carolina for the first one and just as we got there, there's some of the kings and queens walking down the red carpet. And I told some of the team, I said, wait back here. I just wanna watch it from about 30, 40 yards away. And I started to watch the first couple kings and queens go down the aisle and to watch them be celebrated in their glow and watch their parents watch them.


And I thought, man, this is special. And then when we went to South Carolina for that one, as we're walking in the arena where it was held, one of the moms runs up to me and she grabs, I mean, grabs me, she pulls me to the side and it's, it's mama bear force, right? And she's holding me, squeezing my hands and then squeezing my shirt and she's just, you could tell she wants to get this out so bad. And she said, Hey, my daughter, my daughter, she will never have kids. She will never get married. But tonight she felt like a princess. And I just, I don't need to hear anything else.


And then we got back more of the testimonies from the, from the first year and hearing from people in, in some of the places that we serve, you know, driving for hours and some of them walking for hours and, and, and we thought, man, maybe this is, maybe this is something God wants us to do and that next year we decide we're gonna, we're gonna do this until God tells us no. And so that next year we did it again and had 201 locations. Wow. And then the next year, 3 75 and, and then on and on and on and, and then even through Covid, we were able to do it through shine ons and, and adjust a little bit, but still have it.


And then now this last year we had over 820 locations in 64 nations and all 50 states and eight, 800 and how many over 820 locations around the world. And maybe 186 something thousand volunteers celebrating well over a hundred thousand kings and queens. And, and we got to be a part of some of those. And, and Vietnam and, and, and my wife was in South Africa and we were in Thailand and we getting to see 'em. And you know, now I've been able to experience Night de Shines and I don't know, maybe over 20 countries now.


And I can't speak most of the languages. I can barely speak English, but it, Sean, it doesn't change. It doesn't change based on the country. Yes, culturally we change 'cause we want to be culturally relevant and appropriate. But the feel of the night doesn't change because it's not about English or Spanish or French or Tagal or whatever language. It's a different language. It's a language on God's love, his worth and his value for humanity. And that's why when we're in Thailand and Vietnam and all of these countries, or we're right here, the feel of the night is one of, of hopefully of agape love.


One of my pastors, pastor Joby Martin and, and Jacksonville, Florida, you know, one of the kindest compliments he gave our team is he said, it smells like Jesus. Oh man. And, and it's our favorite night of the year. And and honestly through that God has opened more doors through that than anything else that I've ever experienced. We have had heads of states, prime ministers that have had family members, daughters, cousins, relatives that have attended. We have had the daughters of of crime families attend and just testimony because so much of them, they, where does some of their family go?


They want to be loved. They love some of them love their daughters and families and they like, and just crazy testimonies that we've been able to experience. Families that have been walking or carrying their kids for 20 hours to get there. Like, and here in in America specifically, we, we don't always know or really understand the honor and shame culture. But I know you've traveled and been places and we've been able to see a lot of countries around the world. Most countries are an honor and shame culture around the world. There's a lot of them. And so many times they believe that this boy or girl brings shame to their family.


So many, so many. I could tell you story after story of story of kids that have been chained up, kept in the basement. 'cause they brought shame to their family. Kids that were told by their, their community told 'em, you need to drown your child or you need to suffocate your child. Your child is not worth living. Your child brings shame to your family. And so when you're dealing with an honor and shame cultures where they have been told over and over again, there's many countries that we serve in that they will say, if you say, how many kids do you have, Sean? They will say, I have three and then I have one disabled. They won't even put 'em in the same category. They won't count them. But what we have seen when the biggest night in their community, the biggest celebration is held for what some of you call the throwaway or the less than or the ones that brought shame.


But now they're bringing honor to your family. They're the head of the table. They're on the red carpet, which signifies VIP very important people. Like that's who they are. And we celebrate them. It's not just, yes it is for them and we would do it just for them, but it's also in the community. It's also in their families. It's also to be able to share with the family, this is how we see your boy or girl. This is how we see your family member. 'cause this is how we believe God sees your family member. And it has opened so many doors all over the world in serving the most vulnerable. And they say, man, if you, if you love that boy or girl, would you want to come do this ministry? Would you you wanna fight this way in our country with our people?


Because it, it's just, it's helped us earn so much trust in so many places. And I could tell you story after story, after testimony after testimony. And another one of my favorites is actually in a roundabout way through Night to Shine is also how I met my wife as well. Wow. I mean that's just, I love the strategic angle. You know, you create that, that amazing, memorable, good experience inside of a church with the, with the hope that they come back to the church And you connect the church in that community. And it's one of the easiest ways that we have found for churches to invite people to be a part of it.


And they can invite and volunteer, Hey, do you wanna come to this celebration or prom night feel and you wanna cheer on the red carpet? Do you wanna be a buddy? And they have this amazing night and they fall in love. And then when you leave it's like, dang, I fell in love with that young man. I fell in love with that young girl. I love them so much. Now. How can I walk by them on Monday? How can I view them less than on Tuesday? And it, it, it's just something about when you experience that I I the next day, wait a second, I can't just act like I didn't experience that. And God does something in our heart and softens our heart and softens our eyes to, to then say, man, I God's love isn't just for me.


It's for everyone. It's for all of them. And I got to see it and I got to experience it. And I really believe individuals with special needs, one of the biggest ways they impact our communities is that man, they're such joy bringers and they bring such joy. And I wish and pray so many times I could have the joy of so many of the kings and queens that we get to serve. I love that. Tim, we'll take a quick break. We'll come back. I want to get into how you met your wife. Okay, Let's do it.


Did you know that four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry? Reports say China now controls the largest portion of US pork and these companies are crushing American family farms and what the additives they're putting into our food Americans are stuck with sketchy meat. Lemme tell you about a company that's coming up swinging on behalf of the American Family Farm and your family's food security mok. The business is simple. Mo's meat comes from animals raised outdoors and their farmers are given an honest day's pay for an honest day's work. They deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States of America. Support American Family Farms and join the mink movement today@minkbox.com slash ss right now and get free wings for life. They're the best wings you'll ever taste for free. But for a limited time, spelled mink, M-O-I-N-K box.com/ss, that's mink box.com/ss.


Spring is here. And while everybody else was hibernating, you were out there crushing your goals and getting after it. Now it's time to upgrade your gear. That's where ROKA comes in. Hit the road or get outside and performance eyewear that actually keeps up. They aren't just some flimsy shades that slide off your face and break. These are built for people with active lifestyles. They're grippy, they're durable, and they hold up no compromises, no cut corners. And Rocha is based in Austin, Texas. They look as good as they perform, which is pretty damn good. Their premium optics cut glare and keep things crystal clear. And the fit is second to none for comfort and longevity need prescription. I wear Rocha offers both sunglasses and eyeglasses so you can ditch the contacts for good. I've been wearing their sunglasses that they send me. And let me tell you, they deliver, they're comfortable, durable, and fit. Great. I love that they have a style for every occasion. It doesn't matter if I'm at the office or in the gym. Rocha's Eyewear works wherever I am ready to upgrade your eyewear. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's r ROKA dot com.


Alright, Tim, we're back from the break and we're getting ready to dive into how you met your wife, but we were having a little conversation downstairs and one of the guys on your team asked how God speaks to me. And while I'm still trying to figure that out, but, and so I'm asking you this stuff for my own knowledge and, and, and I just, I'm, I'm really interested in this. I had a, I had an experience about two years ago that really brought me to faith. And I had, I grew up Catholic, lost it and then, and then had this very profound experience in Sedona and where God basically had slapped me in the face three times right in a row and got my attention.


And, and so that's, that's kind of why I was asking you. And, and, and now, you know, I always want to do things to better the world and whether that's exposing corruption or, or, or diving into certain subjects or bringing light to certain things. And, and I'll, and sometimes I'll find myself, I'll like dive into these subjects and it gets real dark and then I'll pull myself out and, and I'll, I'll start to think, all right, I've, I've, I have brought this in front of a lot of eyes and into, into the people that can really make things happen. And then I kind of search for the next thing, like, God, what do you want me to do next?


And I'll spend this time at limbo. And I, I don't like limbo. Yeah. Like I'm like, let give it to me and, and he might like get that feed me, come on, let's go. And I, and I, I think that's through my own fault because I, I have to have, I'm, I'm getting better at, so I get a gut feeling and, and I'm, I'm learning. I think that's how God speaks to me is through my gut. And I can't even imagine all the external influences that you deal with. I deal with a lot of 'em too. And, and I'm always like, is this really like for a good reason or is this just me being selfish?


And, and so I'm sure that the signs are there. I'm just not the best at picking 'em up right off the bat. But I'm learning more and more to lean into my gut. And the gentleman downstairs who I was just talking to him to, you know, he had asked how how does he speak to you? Do, and it's through my gut. But if he, I feel like if he really wants me to do something, he puts it in front of me three or four times right in a row. And so the latest thing was, and I'm I'm, I'm gonna be a little vague here 'cause I don't want to, I don't want the word to get out to where I'm going, but a really good friend, his name's DJ Shipley, he's, he's a former development group guy teaches tactics.


And he was talking to me about somebody that he's affiliated with who is basically going under investigation for war crimes against Islamists. And this is, this is one of the countries who's, who's, there's a lot of this going on all over Europe and, and, and, and wanna me to potentially interview this guy. And I'm like, well, you know, I don't know, it's really expensive to go there. I gotta bring my whole team, da da da.


And he's, he's like, well, he's really good friends with you, with our mutual friend so and so, and I'm like, all right, let me, let me think about it. I gotta think this is a big strategy thing I gotta think about. I don't even know if it would be good for this guy to come on and, and, and expose what's going on in, in this particular country. I'm boarding the plane while I'm talking to him. I hang up the phone, I get my seat. And the mutual friend that he said could give me more context on this has the seat next to me in the plane. Wow. And I'm, I see him and I'm, I'm like, I'll just call him Joel.


I'm like, Joel, like I was, I literally just hung up the phone with DJ about, yes, your guys' mutual friend and he wants me to go interview him. Can you gimme some more context? And so the plane was delayed a little bit. We're sitting on the tarmac and while we're having this discussion, my producer Jeremy sends me the Instagram profile of the exact same guy. And he goes, this looks like a really interesting interview. Not even knowing, not even knowing the context of why this guy got brought to my attention, but I mean, it was three things. Bam, bam, bam. In about 10 to 15 minutes I get hit three times with, you need to interview this guy Sean.


And so to me, to me, I don't know how that lines up with scripture. I'm not there yet. I get really confused reading the Bible and I don't always understand what I'm reading, so do I. But to me that is some type of divine intervention that is saying, Sean, I want you to go interview this guy. I want you there. This needs to be brought to the light. And so now, now we're strategizing on, on how exactly we're gonna do this, who we're gonna connect him with that, that that can make a difference over there. Turns out that just a couple weeks ago, another really good friend of mine that has a lot of powerful friends and in different parts of the world connected me about not the exact same subject, but the fact that that I, I don't wanna give any more information because I don't, but, but that's, that's, that's, that's how he does it to me.


And, and, and so that's why I was asking Yeah, like how, how long do you spend dissecting all these different avenues and, and how do you know which way God is telling you to go? And, and, and so anyways, for me that's, that's how it happens. So then What, what would you do with it? What, is there any process you try to take it through? Like, Hey, I got a team of mentors and wise counsel I bring it to, or is there any, it's just, hey, when it hits my gut three times I go with it. Yeah. And it, it's a little like synchronicities that I see, like I'll, I'll bring another example up. We, we were going, I, I went to Romania and I interviewed this guy, Colleen George, and he was leading the elections and they just yanked his name and, and, and, and, and they yanked his name because they, they basically, they say that he's a puppet for Russia and, and Romania has the, the, the, the biggest NATO base ever to be built in Europe.


It's, it would be a major offensive base for, for NATO to strike Russia. Very strategic location. And I'm like, man, like I don't know if I should be doing this. Like I don I don't know everything about this. This isn't, I love geopolitics, but I, I just, I don't know if I'm doing this for the right reasons. And there's a quote that somebody told me and this quote popped in my head on the airport on the way there, like even on the way there, I'm like, I'm not, is this really what I'm supposed to do? Or am am am I making a deal with the devil here? And I had said to myself, I said, the truth is like a lion, set it free and it will defend itself.


I tweeted that out about 10 seconds later, this woman walks around the corner in the airport and she has this huge glittery like sequence lion head on her shirt. And I was like, that's the confirmation that I needed. And so I, I felt good about the interview and, and I, I just feel like he speaks to me. And now a lot of people, you know, like I said, I'm fairly new to this, A lot of people might say, oh, well that could be, that could be Satan also tricking you. Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't. But I had a strong gut feeling. And, and so I went with it.


And another thing that that literally just happened was I went to, I went to Boca Raton to get the, the, you know, the MRI cancer screening, the full body scan cancer is probably my biggest fear of all time. Like I've, I've seen people suffering from brain cancer and I, it's like every other day, you know, you hear somebody, oh, so and so got cancer. Oh, so and so got diagnosed, so and so died. And, and I see, you know, what people that have that go through on their journey to death. And, and I'm like, man, I would really love to just drop dead and, and just go peacefully and not have to battle that.


And me and my wife have been taking our health very seriously. And, and so we're getting proactive about it. We went down and did this cancer screening and I'm, I don I don't do well with anticipation of waiting for test results. And it takes about a week we go do the scan. We did it together and we're both really worried about it. We have a 3-year-old and a 1-year-old, and all these thoughts are going like, what if, what if one of us gets diagnosed? What, how do we treat the other, how do we treat 'em in front of the kids? How do we explain this to the kids that you know, and especially a 3-year-old and one, what's it gonna be like if I do get diagnosed?


And then Katie's raising them herself and they don't even really have a profound memory of their dad. Anyways, we get done with the cancer scan and my, my number, how I came to Christ, a big part of that story is the number 4, 4 4, which I looked up that got slapped to be three times in about five minutes, looked at my dash, it was 4 44 on the, at the time there was 444 miles left to empty. And there was, it was four hours and 44 minutes after I had a meeting with somebody who I thought was an IT meeting and he was telling me, Sean, there's guardian angels watching over you.


So it's 4, 4, 4, 3 times, I guess about 10 seconds. And we get done with this cancer screening and I pull out my phone and it's four forty four. And so I, Katie got done and I said, Hey, we're gonna be fine. I said, I looked at my, my phone right after we got done with this screening and it was 4 44. And then I pulled up, it was like right then I pulled up, I don't know, X or YouTube or t whatever, one of the social platforms. And it had 4 44 across the board. It was like 444 likes, 444 shares, 444 comments or something like that.


And so there it happened again and I told, I showed my wife, I'm like, look at this. And then we were staying at her parents' house and they lost power and the Keurig machine was not at the right time, you know, it was on whatever, when the power kicked back on. And right before I went to bed, I made, I made, I, I made a, a cup of tea or something and I used the Keurig and I looked at the Keurig and it said 4 44. And I just, I was like, He's got us like we're fine. We're gonna, nothing's gonna pop up on the screen.


I just had the gut feeling. Yeah. And sure as shit, test results come in and we're a hundred percent cancer free. And so that's in a nutshell, in a very quick explanation. That is how I communicate with, with God. Thank you for sharing that with me. I so appreciate hearing your heart and perspective of what you've been through and the signs that you feel like of how God speaking to you. Can I ask you a question on that?


Absolutely. If you, you mentioned, and this is how I knew that God's got me and you knew the gut feeling's not gonna come up. Do you think God's got you any less if something did pop up on the screening? No, I don't, I don't think that, but I think that is More of a sign and I sign of confidence in yes, in this Specific moment. I think that was, even if I did have it, like I felt like, Like to me I felt like I'm not finished with you yet. I'm gonna still use you as a conduit.


'cause that's how I think of myself is I'm just, you, you, you said it earlier, you know, with the, with the platform that God gave you. And, and, and ever since this is, and this show's inception, even though I wasn't on the walk with Christ at the very beginning, like I still had very good intentions and, and they were selfless and I, I wasn't making any money doing that. Was paying money to, to to bring light to other veterans, to uplift their business and their struggles and to bring hope to veterans, you know, really all throughout the world.


Like yeah, I know like how bad it gets. I tried to commit suicide. I was addicted to drugs, I was an alcoholic. I, I understand the transition from fighting wars to trying to fit in with society and build something completely new. And that was really all I wanted to do. That's why this whole thing started was I wanted to do that. And then I'm, I'm losing track of where I was going with this. But, but, but then is, is is my journey to Christ. When that happened to me in Sedona, It just, it really fueled it. And, and it, it, so this is where I'm going. I mean, you had said that the platform that God gave you, that's how I view my show, is I'm, I'm just a conduit to information of whatever God wants to reveal.


I love it. And, and Can I just throw out one, one thought of just listening to you and your, your heart of, and I could be totally out of line with it, but I'm listening to your heart and from the start of, hey, you're saying I'm a truth teller and I wanna tell the truth and I'll tell people stories 'cause I want to help them. And along the way. And then you, you meet the king and through all of these things and God's doing this work in you. And I, I don know, it's hard for me not to think, well you're, you're telling these stories of truth and it's leading you all the way to the truth. And and now you're still a truth teller.


You just get to tell the truth as well. And now it's a whole framing. I just, I love that. 'cause I think sometimes, you know, God creates us in a certain way and we use that, you know, the way we think. So, but then he's like, Hey, I want you to use that this way. And it's not that he necessarily doesn't, I think he gives you those drives for a reason, just to steer it the right way. And I I just love it. I think it's so cool. I couldn't help, but I was just starting thinking of as a truth teller, trying, you're, Hey, I want to tell these stories. I want their people to know the truth. I wanna uncover it.


I want them to see. And there's a lot of our world that needs to see, they need to see certain things. They need to be aware. There's evils that we gotta fight back again. There is good things that aren't getting promoted, aren't getting the praises or recognition. And ultimately you, you get to share and you do it and, and you know, God's taking you on a journey and you're getting to show that journey to the world of that story of figuring out the truth. And so it's just cool. I love hearing it 'cause it's just, it's an encouragement to me. Thank you. Thank you. I love doing it too. I mean, it's like, I've made mistakes. I'll continue to make mistakes, but, but everything I do is within with, with my best intentions.


And I just, I just i's just so much struggle in the world. And, and if, if you are given the gift of a platform, and I mean, it's just your duty to, to steward that in the, in, in the right ways. And I, I really, it it weighs heavy on me to to, to do that. And Well, Thank you for carrying that. The burden of it. 'cause it's, it's so important. One of our core values is that we embrace the joy and the burden of the calling. And it's not enough just to do the joy.


And sometimes that's more fun times, but there's also a burden with it. But I actually believe we have a burden because of the kindness of God, that he would let our lives and our choices and the impact that comes from that, that we would care enough about it. That we would be burdened for something. That you would be burdened to tell these stories. That, that we would be burdened enough to care for the MVP to do whatever and leverage everything so that they could experience freedom and faith, hope and love like burden. While it's comes across as a negative connotation. I don't view it that way. It's heavy and it's hard, but it's worth it.


It's worth, and if you didn't have a burden, why would we do it? And I, I actually really believe, and this is a journey for me over probably the course of the last three years, that man we're so burdened for something or someone that why? 'cause we care. 'cause there's a, something deep in our heart that has moved us, that stirred us to that. That we believe we can move the needle, make an impact, change your life. And we are so burdened to do so. And so I just encourage you that when you say you're burdened, I think you can also view a burden as a blessing. It's a blessing that God would gimme a burden to tell these stories, to try to tell the truth, to try to shine the light.


Like I'm burdened to do so because of the kindness of God. He would give me this platform, or let me borrow this platform. And then you mentioned stewardship on that. And stewardship is a fascinating concept that gets thrown out all the time. But in the Greek, it goes back to the Greek word oia, which just means a, you know, a house manager. 'cause it's not my home. I'm just taking care of it till the owner comes back. And that's, in my opinion, how we should try to use our lives, our platforms, our bodies, our energy, our mindset. It's not even mine, God, just let me borrow it for a little bit. But when the owner comes back, is everything in order. You know, I I love that.


And, and and also, I mean, if you didn't have a huge heart, then you wouldn't have a burden. Yes. And, and so that when somebody's burdened by something or troubled by something or, or it's because there's a heart Yes. And a big heart and then to act on it. I mean, it's, it's a uncomfortable gift. It is. That's such a good way to say that. And oh, I, I'll get fired up about this because sometimes it it be honest there, sometimes it really bothers me when people will talk about it in such negative ways or say, no, I don't want to be burdened by that.


Or I'll have some people, like I'll be in certain groups and someone in that group might ask me, if's a small group, they'll say, Hey, can you tell me about some of the, the fight against trafficking or exploitation? Or can you tell me some of the stories or some of the, and you'll start to tell, and then you'll have other people that, and this, this isn't rare, this happens quite often. They'll say, no, no, don't tell me. 'cause it reminds me of my kids don't know. Don't don't tell me. 'cause I don't wanna know that. Don't tell me. 'cause I don't wanna hear that. And one time I was with a, a small group at a, a fundraiser on a golf course and I was asked by one of the guys and the other guy, a couple other guys said, no, no, don't tell me. Very, very successful, powerful, could help a lot of people.


And and I I was so burdened by them saying, no, don't, I don't want it. No, I don't wanna hear it. I don't wanna have those thoughts because it'll remind me of my kids. And I probably shouldn't have responded this way. But out of little bit of maybe temper irritation, I responded and I said, if the boys and girls that are going through this evil could hear you right now, what hope do you think they would have? Wow. And maybe it was disrespectful. What did they say to that? Nothing for a few minutes. It was just, and it maybe was a disrespectful and I maybe could have coded it nicer, but it was like, yes, there are burdens and there's evil, but if we don't stand up and do anything, who's gonna do it?


Yeah. You're just, you think it's somebody else's responsibility. Yeah. I mean this is, this is, you know, literally going back to kitty visi and I think it's 1963 or 61 or something like that. And it's the, the story that led to the bystander effect where kitty genovese's walking home late at night and, and she gets attacked and stabbed like four times or something like that. And the lights turn on from the apartment complex where she's walking into and the attacker runs away and, and hides behind a car. And, and she gets up and stumbles into the, the hallway of a apartment complex. And she sees, he sees no one ghost to aid. And so he comes all the way back and attacks her again.


I think stabs her maybe eight more times, I think steals $49. I believe he also rapes her and is supposedly over 30 people saw some of this or some most of it. And has even reported that one of the guys in the hallway opened the door and looked out. But nobody came to her aid. Nobody came to her aid. And so anyways, make a longer story short, she died on the way to the hospital and it was a big story. And everybody's writing and talking about it. And they started studying this case. And it was where the bystander effect came from, that the more people are present, the less likely someone is to do something. 'cause they all feel like it's somebody else's job.


And this is also the start of where the nine one one call came from, was from this night in New York City of Kitty Giese losing her life. And there's some controversy of how many people actually saw, how many people didn't see. But the point is, there were a lot of people that saw, that knew something bad was happening, but they all thought somebody else is gonna call, gonna go, gonna do. And we just as a, as people in society, as believers in church and ministry and, and just life, we can't think somebody else is gonna go, yeah, it's, it's not somebody else's job. It's my job. And we talk about that with our team all the time. You can't think this is somebody, this is our job. Like regardless of what somebody else does, it's our job.


So when we are, our, the definition we use for calling is an urgent and divine invitation to accept responsibility for a particular task. If God is calling you, it doesn't matter what anybody else does. Will you believe it's divine and that it's urgent? And will you accept responsibility regardless of what anybody else says? Yes, we wanna rally people to the fight. A hundred percent of our is our part of our goal. We gotta do that. But regardless of anybody else does it, will you do it if you know you're called. And, and I think there's, you know, part of the bystander effect, which is so real for all of us, at least I I know me well, is anybody else doing it? No. But what does that matter?


Is it right? And will I do it? Yep. I'm, I'm a hundred percent with you. I mean, I, I think that the reason when you're talking about, 'cause I've dove into this topic a lot on this show with, with small outfits, with big outfits, with, I was just telling you about Ryan Montgomery, who I'm gonna bring up again later in the show. But you know, I I think that there are, when people, when you're talking about educating people on the topic of sex exploitation and sex trafficking, I don't think it's that they don't want to hear it because it reminds 'em of their kids. I think it is. They don't want to hear it because then that becomes a responsibility to act that gets in the way of their own selfish desires.


And that's just how I think of it. I mean, how could you not want to know about this stuff just to, you have kids and it makes you think of them. Wouldn't you want to know what's out there to be able to protect your kids from that kind of an evil? I mean that's right. I sure as hell do. Absolutely. And But I think that especially with, I'm sure with some of the circles that, that, that you have access to and that maybe you run in or whatever. I mean, greed is a powerful, it's powerful man. Yes. It's, and it gets in the way, you know, if for somebody to achieve and to keep going toward what, egregious towards greed.


I mean, if you throw, if you throw a blocker in like that, I mean, it's not even a blocker, but they look at it as a blocker, it's, I don't have time to deal with this because I need, It's a disruption in their life. Absolutely. Exactly. It's a disruption in their own comfort and, and to achieve their own selfish desires and they don't want to take the time And comfort is a whole, whole nother conversation. But that stuff, man, that just, yeah, that gets to me when, especially when it's somebody that could actually really make a difference. Whether it's, whether it's, you know, through service or, or, or, or financing or Yes. Or exposure. I mean, I I told you at the beginning, I mean about Ryan and, and what he, what I saw him when I found that reel on Instagram of him basically hacking into pedophilia websites and getting the user base and trying to get that to, to one of the federal agencies to act on it.


And no, nobody was paying attention to him. And you, you, you, my biggest platform is YouTube, which is home by Google. They don't like talking about this stuff. And, and it was a big discussion with my team and I was like, I don't give a shit what happens. Like this guy is grinding, he's trying to do good. Nobody's paying attention, and we're gonna put this in front of millions and millions of people because, and if, and if it gets taken away because we did something good, I don't care like that, I feel called to this, this is what I'm gonna do. People need to hear about this.


They need to know what's going on. It scares the hell out of pedophiles what we did. It educated parents, it brought hope and, and it, it it shined a light on Ryan so that, so that people that do want to help, that are make a good difference. Like you, I mean we brought him up to, through that show and I didn't bring him up. I mean, God brought him up, but it, it enabled him to, to operate at his fullest potential. Wow. And, and he's doing, he has gone on to do amazing things, completely selfless.


And, and I feel like that's my, I feel like that's my place in the world right now is to, is to find people like that And tell stories and, and, And lift them up. Expose it for good. Well you have a, a platform that has a chance to expose, to share, to build someone up. And it's what a, a blessing that is. I love doing it. Nothing makes me feel better than to, than to help people, you know? So, but man, I would, I would love to talk to you about spiritual warfare too. Mm. Do you, I mean, that's Okay, here we go.


Yeah, that's, that's what really brought me to Christ is, is I had this internal battle where I was, you know, I was talking about a lot of the, the, the, the gender surgeries that are going on and kids that are eight and, and, and kids that are taken outta their homes by the state and, and, and different states throughout our own country. And, and that stuff just like really weighed on my heart. I'm not, I'm not against those people. I mean, I, I interviewed this guy, Chris Beck, who was the first transgender Navy SEAL and everybody hated him in the community. And, and he's since transitioned back and is a warrior for Christ now.


But I, I reached out to him 'cause I was like, I want to, I want to talk to you about how this happens. And I want to understand it. And, and I want kids and kids up to adults to be able to, to listen to your story on how that happened to you, what that did to you. And at least they, at least they have a conversation that they can reference. Like, this is what I'm about to go through. And, and I mean, it's, but, but I felt like I was the only one. I wasn't, but I felt like I was the only one that was like really taking this all in.


And, and, and it, it, it felt like through social media and, and, and legacy media and all the, that nobody cared about these topics. And I'm like, it got to the point where I was like, Sean, why do you even care? Why do you give a shit? Like maybe you're the, maybe you're the one that's wrong here and, and trying to fight this and, and, and exposed some of the stuff that's going on that that's not being displayed through social media and legacy media. And I, I, to be honest with you, man, I, it felt like I was like surrendering my heart to the devil. Hmm. And Because you knew that you needed to talk about it.


Yeah, but I, I had, I knew that I did, but I, I, I, it was, I felt so alone that I, I thought maybe I'm the one that's wrong here. And this happened to me in Sedona and I had a major breakdown and I walked through this gate and this guy, like, and I'm a former c former ca guy. We pay a lot of attention to security and stuff like that. And a lot of the guys that worked that gate at that specific resort knew my show and we would talk and high five him and all this stuff. And we were there for a week. I walked through there, Sue this guy that I've never seen before in my life, and he's trying to talk to me.


He is like, Hey, I'm a Vietnam vet. And I'm like, dude, I just surrendered my heart to say, Now I don't want to talk. Like I just wanna go to my room. And my wife turned to him and, and was talking to him and he looked at me and he read my mind from front to back, legitimately read my mind. And the first words out of his mouth were all this stuff with the transgender stuff and the kids. And he goes, that's not your fight, man. And then he started talking about China. 'cause there was, I'm, I'm really spun up on a lot of the stuff that's going on in there. And, and after that, my mind, he freaked me out. I was like, how are you in my head right now?


How do you know what my thoughts are? I've been here for a week. I've never seen you. I pay a lot of attention to this stuff. I know every other guy that works the gate here except you. I go to my room and I had an experience with what I believe to be my guardian angel. I'm really breezing through this 'cause I want to get back to you. And then at the beginning of that trip, my best friend here in Franklin died. And he was also a seal. And he was a, he was a guy that, he was a guy, a very successful businessman that I could relate to and that I knew he wasn't gonna ask me for favors and we could just sit down and talk.


And I don't want anything from him. He doesn't want anything from me. He died on a hunting trip with his son, had a heart attack, in my opinion, great way to go. And his daughter, who I'd never spoken to, Taylor Cillo, texted me that night and basically told me that this is all, again, within 10 15 minutes, she says, Hey, Sean. I I've never spoken to her. She didn't have my number. She must have got it from her dad's phone. And she said, I walked into my dad's gun room last night and for the, and he spoke to me and said that I need to reach out to you.


And that you were his best friend and that he could relate to you in ways that nobody else could relate to him. And he, and he wanted you to know that he loves you just the way that you are. And that was like the icing on the cake for me. I was like, okay. Like I was, I had done psychedelics to, to treat PTSD and then some other, some other traumatic brain injury and stuff like that. And that had kind of sent me on this road where I was like, oh, it's the universe. It's this, it's that. It's, I don't know what it is, but I just know there's something. And then that night it was like, this is God.


That was that old man who I'd never seen before. He was speaking through him and he read my mind from front to back and it freaked me out. And, and so I think, like when I think of spiritual warfare, I've described this before. I, I think it is a never ending battle between good and evil. And the way I kind of envision it is if you look at a, a, a two color marble, it's black and white. But let's say that the, it's, it's, it's, it's like a fluid in there. And you just see like the black sometimes starts to overtake the white and you spin it around and then the white starts to over.


I feel like it's this never ending battle within our, within our hearts and then within the world. And then it's just always going back and forth, back and forth. And it's just this fluid. And eventually one will completely overtake the other. I Thank you for sharing all that with me. I tell a lot to take in the digest and I'm sure it's a, it was so much for you. My first thought is that because of the hope that we have in Jesus, it's not not a never ending battle. It is a battle that will end. And it's a battle. We already know who won that because of the cross.


We already know that we've won because he won for us. But one of the things that I think the enemy wants to do is what we know, his tactic, it is to steal, kill, and destroy, right? He's a father of lies and as he doing it, stealing, killing and destroying. And, but yet even in the midst of that, we get to have this hope. And but what does that even mean, right? When we say we have this hope, this hope that we know is an anchor for our soul firm. Insecure. This hope that we have in Jesus, that, that we have this, this hope that brings us joy and fulfillment.


That we have this hope in all of it. Well, and when I think some of the best definitions, or the best definition that I've heard of the biblical form of hope, not the hope we use in flipping a coin and hoping it lands on heads. You know, not the, I hope Florida beats Georgia next year. Not that type of hope, but the biblical form of hope. I believe one of the best definitions is to look forward with confidence, expectation and anticipation to look forward with confidence. Why? Because we've already won. Because God won for us. Anticipation. Why? Because we know God's still at work. That he's working in us and through us, even in our, our flaws and failures.


God's still working. He's using screw ups to, to impact the world. But then also expectation. And one of my favorite things to think about of expectation is, is, is heaven. Because we get, we know our best days ahead of it, ahead of us. 'cause heaven is ahead of us. So we get to look forward with confidence, expectation, anticipation. And we get to, we know that, that we have won. But what the enemy wants to do is he wants to de diminish that. Is there, is there, and he wants to say, is it really? When's the question, is it counterfeit, counterfeit everything that God said?


Is it, did you really win? Is it, do you really wanna believe? Do you really want to give your life for him? Do you really wanna serve people or you just want to feel good about yourself? Or you know, you need this, you need this? And so I believe a lot of the spiritual warfare is about the renewing of our mind. Which voice are we gonna listen to? We're gonna listen to the voice of the enemy that's putting all of these thoughts with the goal to kill, steal, and destroy. Or are we gonna listen to God's voice and the voice of truth of what he's done, what he's doing, and what he's going to do. Ultimately we, how we win. And I really feel like it's a battle of the mind and a battle of the heart. And it goes together because our heart, if we don't stay soft to things, our heart hardens.


Our heart gets less and less tender to the things of God and the things of good and the compassion for other people. 'cause compassion is not a comfortable thing. And we talked about comfort for just a second. Compassion actually, you know, goes back to the, the Greek word Splunk, niso, my, which means to be moved from your most inward parts. It is a very, it is not comfortable. It is a painful thing. Eight times. I believe it's used 12 times in the New Testament, eight times to refer to Jesus, this word Splunk niomi, to be moved from your most inward parts. But so many times after it says that Jesus had compassion moved from his most inward parts, and he met their needs, he healed them, he cared for them. Like, and I think that's so important for us to understand because it's not comfortable.


It can even be painful to have compassion. But compassion isn't a distance thing, it's not an empathy or sympathy. Compassion is very up close and personal. But when our heart gets hardened, we are less compassionate, we are less caring, we're less thoughtful. All of these things. And it ties to hand in hand, I believe with our head and our thoughts of, you know, it's why we're told so much in, in, in scripture to consider one another as more important than yourself. Not that they are more important, consider them as more important, right? So our thoughts are on other people, our thoughts just on ourselves. But the enemy wants to say, no, no, no, Sean, you just think about, you think about what's best for your show. You don't need to tell that story. You don't need to tell our stories, right?


And just gonna lie to you about all of these things. And so we could dive into that really deep in a lot of things. But I feel like it is about this, keeping our hearts soft, keeping our our mind clear. Or maybe a better way to say it, not clear, but focus on the truth. Focus on the words of scripture, focus on the truth so that we're not listening to the lie. And I tell you, I really believe that I've had those thoughts that I know that aren't from God. And I, I didn't get rid of 'em quickly. I didn't go back to God's word. I didn't go back to scripture. I didn't go back to truth. I didn't at, at certain times have the people around me where I could say, Hey, you, we, we, we gotta flesh this out. We gotta talk.


I need wife counsel. I need mentors in this. And I really believe that's a, there's a really big part of fighting it is getting in God's word, putting on the armor of God, knowing what his word says, and the, and through that, the renewing of our mind so that we're not listening to the wrong voices. Listening to the lies of the enemy. Because we know what his goal is. It's been clear for a long time. And he is sly and he's cunning and he is a father of lies. And we have to be able to know the truth so that we can also know when the lie shows up.


If you are a homeowner, you need to listen to this. When's the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house. If you're like me, the answer is never. The problem is in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county in boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. That's why you need to stop what you're doing and find out today if you're already a victim. Use promo code SR s@hometitlelock.com to make sure your title is in your name. You'll also get a free title history report, plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock production. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title, urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Go to home title lock.com. Now use promo code SRS. That's home title lock.com. Promo code SRS


debt doesn't just show up one day. It builds little by little credit cards, car loans, medical bills, and suddenly you're juggling payments. Feeling stuck. But here's the good news, you're not stuck. You just need a reset. At American Financing, they help homeowners like you every day they use your home's equity, enroll that high interest debt into one simple affordable payment. They're saving homeowners and average of $800 a month. No judgment, no pressure, just real solutions that put you back in control. Imagine breathing again, sleeping again. Knowing your future is yours to shape. It starts with one call. It only takes 10 minutes to get started and there are no upfront fees. So it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments. American financing's, salary based consultants are ready to listen and ready to help Take back your peace of mind with American Financing. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss.


What is his goal? You said, we all know, we all know what his goal is. It's to kill, steal, and destroy. His goal for humanity is to kill, steal, and destroy. And I love it because scripture tells us his goal is to kill, steal, and destroy. But Jesus came to give life and life abundantly. You have it right there. It's, it's right here. The enemy's goal, the devil's goal in King. Jesus's goal is to give life and life abundantly. And when we, we look at that, I, I think that's true in a lot of senses. True and the purpose and meaning and significance of life, but also life of abundantly in heaven, life in eternity. There's so much to that.


But ultimately this is the balance of which voice are we gonna listen to. We know the enemy's his goal from scripture. We know our god's heart for humanity and what he did for humanity and what his goal is, it is so that we would have life and have life abundantly. That we would have peace. And not just peace, but his peace. He said, peace I give to you, my peace I give to you. How do we have that peace? Well, the promises of God, the truth of scripture, a relationship with Christ. And so that's not diving into as much of spiritual warfare, but it's how do we counteract that? How do we fight that? How do we fir the first stand against that is by knowing the truth.


'cause if not, if we don't know the truth and we're not renewing our mind in, in knowing God's word, well how do we even know the truth? How do we know the difference between the truth and the lie? Right? And that's why it's so important in God's word in time and prayer and wise counsel, I know I've said it multiple times, but I just believe it. It's so important. So I would even go back to the wise counsel part with, in Proverbs, it's a book about wisdom. And so many times in Proverbs, I believe it's almost 30 times in Proverbs, Solomon is pleading with his sons and all of us, but I also believe he's pleading with his sons to be Moss are driven. Mussar is a, a Hebrew word of my favorite Hebrew words because it means instruction, discipline, correction or teaching.


And he's saying, be moss are driven. Seek these things, be open to these things. Instruction, discipline, correction, teaching. But when we first hear that, like we flinch, we don't want it. I don't want instruction. I definitely don't want discipline like correction. No, who wants that? And teaching like, yeah, it sounds a little bit better, but we don't, we don't crave those things. We don't want it. But he's pleading one of the wisest men of all time is saying, please be mussar driven. Seek these things have wise counsel, wise people around you. Seek it. Be a lifelong learner. Be in God's word. Be listening to people. So because it's so easy, any of us at any time start listening to the wrong voices.


And you let a lie creep in and it starts to fester and you don't get rid of it. And it starts to go from here to here, starts to harden your heart. And now all of a sudden I'm, I'm, I'm going down a path that I thought I would never go down and I'm having thoughts I thought I would never have. And I just think that is so important. And then we see, like Solomon's son takes over the kingdom and his first big decision, he chooses to listen to his friends over the elders and destroys the kingdom. 'cause instead of listening to wise counsel, to elders to getting advice and wisdom, he's, he's listening to the, you know, not that your friends can't also be wise counsel, but you know, he's choosing his friends over godly wisdom and he makes a terrible decision.


And I just, I couldn't help but think of that as we're talking about it. Yeah, that and how do we fight this? I believe those are some of the steps, some of the steps that I haven't always, you know, done well. And I'm, you know, part of that I'm preaching to myself on How much of the world do you think is a lie? How much of what we all think that we know for a fact is a lie. Oh, I don't even know how to answer that. Can you ask me in a different way? Well, I could, I I, She, there's just so much coverup going on and, and so much deception.


And I mean when you look at pandemics and gender ideology and what's acceptable and what isn't and and Policies that are made and, and just all the lies that are going that we already know about that are going on, not just in our country but throughout the world. I mean, I've, I've come to the point where I think that when we die, we will realize everything that we think we know is some type of a lie and or deception.


And, and, and, and that's another thing that brought me to Christ was it, is the, I was at a point in my life where the little that I did know about the word of God seemed to be, it was the only thing left that I could relate to. And the way I process that is that, and you've, you, it is the, it is the truth. It is the only truth. Everything that you think you know has potential to be a lie except for that. Well truth by definition is exclusive.


So when people will even say, well, my truth and your truth, well there really probably we should say it's my opinion in your opinion. But the, there's only one truth. And in a situation there's only one truth of what happened. And when we talk about the truth and the way and the life we are talk there, it's exclusive by definition. I think we have to understand it. But you know, when, when you ask that question, my heart went to, I do believe that there are so many lies that are being told to us, especially to the next generation. And I look at that 12% of our daily thoughts are spent in some form of comparison.


Like it's crazy. When I first heard that stat, I thought, what 12% of our daily thoughts, what is, so what are we saying by that? What we're saying is 12% of my day is thinking I need to be more like him. I need to look like her, I need to act like that. 'cause we're telling the next generation who you are isn't enough. You need to change so you're more valuable. Instead of saying, no, no, you're so valuable to God, look what he did for you. Right? And, and, and we, we just tweak it so much that there's a, a little bit of truth in there, but a lot of lies. And that's, you know, the greatest form of lies has a tiny bit of truth in it, but it's masqueraded with a whole lot of lies.


And then you look at, with young people, the loneliness epidemic. I mean, it's off the charts here and around the world. You look at the suicide rate and you look at, especially for young girls, and the, the rate at which they're considering suicide, it's off of the charts. And you, you have to say it's because we're, we're telling them so many of the wrong things. But they're also flooded with so many voices. And you, you get your phone and you look at it and they're on this all time and they think I'm surrounded by a community and fellowship, but it's not. They're looking at other people's fake best days and they're comparing it with their own worst days.


And they're saying, okay, because of this, I need to change. I need adapt. I need to look like her, I need to have the surgery, I need to have this change. I need to make that team. Or I'm not worth it. I'm not this, I'm not that. You know, and all of that. Instead of saying, no, no, no, when God made you, he made you one of one in love, by love and for love on purpose, for a purpose fearfully and wonderfully made. And we say that, and you know, so many people in church, you know, fearfully and wonderfully made, what does that even mean? Fearfully in context and culture just means awesome and wonderfully means unique and set apart. And I have been so blessed to see some of the different wonders of the world and natural wonders, ancient wonders. And I feel like we're, they're coming up with more wonders just so they can sell more stuff.


But you see some of the wonders of the world and you get there and sometimes you're like, dang, this is really cool. Like, it is really wonderful to see this. And sometimes you're like, dang, this is, is just really overrated. But man, I, I feel like a few times I've been able to see a, a, a wonder of the world and I've been so encouraged. 'cause I thought, man, as cool as this is, and as wonderful as this is, it doesn't compare to how wonderful God created every man, woman, boy and girl. So when he says we are fearfully and wonderfully made, we are more one of one unique and set apart, more wonderful than any of the wonders of the world. But yet we say all the time, oh my gosh, could you just imagine seeing that?


Could you go to this place and see this beauty and see this thing? And they are awesome. That part of God's creation is awesome. It just pales in comparison to you and to me and every member of society. So we, we think those things are so, so beautiful and they are, they just don't compare to God's greatest creation, which is you and me. And I, I would share a story to explain that last year, or I don't know, near near this time, we were in the Hague for an operation there in the fight against live streaming abuse. The, the where the Hague just outside of Amsterdam. Okay. And, and, and so the day before it started, me and my wife got in early and then my wife really wanted to go see the Anne Frank Museum.


And then we are gonna go to the Rake Museum. So we go see the Anne Frank Museum and routes super impactful and very heavy and deep. And we leave and we go to the Rake Museum, which is a, a museum of just masterpiece art, Rembrandt, Vermeer, van Gogh, all of these just incredible portraits. And hundreds of people, if not thousands of people were in there that day. And we're in there and we're looking at all this art and incredible art and you know, it's beautiful. And I gotta be honest, like I'm a homeschool lefty, dyslexic kid from Jacksonville, Florida. Like art doesn't mean as much to me as maybe it should or, or it does to my wife. Like she really loves it. And so we're, we're going through and we're looking at all of this, you know, beautiful art and, and she just definitely appreciates it more than me.


And my whole time I, I'm thinking about some other things and I'm trying to appreciate it, but spend time with my wife and we get to one of the portraits and I, I think it's, if I remember correctly, I believe it's a Rembrandt and I, I believe it's also called the Standard Bear. And it's a a, it's this beautiful portrait of that I think they just purchased a few years ago for $191.3 million if I remember correctly. And we're looking at it and there's all these people that are looking at it and everyone's taking pictures and video of it and you know, just, you could hear the oohing. And I like, oh, it's, oh beautiful and how, you know, blah blah blah. And I, I'm standing kind of side and I'm looking at it, but then I'm looking at all these people and I get so sad, so convicted and so sad and burdened watching it.


'cause I'm watching all of these people film and video this and they're looking at that portrait as so much more valuable than they are. And I just was so sad. I was remembering what we're gonna do tomorrow in the next few days and all of these lives that are literally being purchased to be abused and raped. And I'm thinking, no, we're looking at this and, and what they're going through and we're saying, this is the masterpiece. And, and I'm not trying to knock art. I'm just trying to say that pales in comparison to every one of you. And I, I wish I could've told 'em, Hey, take your phone, flip it to selfie and you see something more wonderful than that portrait will ever, ever, ever be.


And that's part of the lie that we're, we're, we're, we're trying to uncover in, in, in ourselves and people is we think, wow, this is so beautiful. 'cause it's, you know, all this money and it's beautiful because it's called a masterpiece. No, no, no, you are more wonderful, more fearfully made that, that masterpiece of a painting will ever be, there's no comparison. But we put this value on societal things and, and temporal things in, in, we just think they're everything when they're not. And I think that's another one of the biggest lies that we have to fight because it is something that challenges us every day.


But if I have that, then I'll be more valuable. If I have that, I'll feel more valuable. No, no, no, no. That's not gonna fill you. That hole that you're chasing is only a place that God can fill. Wow. That's a heavy thought to have in a art museum. And my wife's probably like, why do you always gotta take stuff to be so serious? Just can't you just enjoy some portraits and paintings? I'm sure she probably gets annoyed with me with some of that. How, let's, let's, so originally we were gonna start with how did you meet your wife with this segment? So how, how did you meet your wife?


So as Night To Shine was expanding, we had our first night to shine in South Africa, and that's where my wife is from, South Africa. And she had a little sister with severe special needs. And so I heard her share a testimony about her sister. And so I told the team, Hey, invite her and her family to be a part of, of Night to Shine, as you know, can we welcome and celebrate them? And, and ultimately through that she, her sister was too sick to be able to attend, but through that she had heard about it and then we, we, we sent the invitation, but she couldn't make it.


And, and they responded and I just, even in a response I thought, man, she's so special. And I responded again saying, but if there's any way we can serve y'all. And partially because we really wanted to, but I got a bit, I had ulterior motives. I was like, she just seems so incredible. And, and she responded and we went back and forth on email for a little bit and she said, I would love to learn more about what y'all are doing and may maybe we can set up a phone call. So after a bunch of emails back and forth, we set up a phone call and it was supposed to just be, I literally think of the emails like, well five minute phone call to hear more about, you know, the and supporting people with special needs.


And so I said, of course. And we set up the phone call and that phone call, instead of being five minutes was two hours, 24 minutes and six seconds. Wow. And sounds weird, but I gotta tell you on that call, I, I had a good feeling I was gonna marry this girl I'd never met. Beautiful. Yeah. Because even on that phone call, we both knew we have almost nothing in common. Like her first language is Afrikaans. I can barely speak English. She all of her favorite artist or movies I've never heard of all of her favorite songs.


I like, I have no idea she's never seen a baseball, basketball or football game in her life. She had never seen my favorite movie Braveheart. Like there's nothing in common. But we had everything in purpose and we had a, a heart for people's special needs and, and her sister with special needs and, and we had a heart for fighting against the evil of trafficking exploitation. And, and she was carjacked at gunpoint by armed men and who, who, who knows what they wanted to do to her. But so she had a, a feeling like she would say probably a responsibility to try to step into that fight after that happened.


And so that, those type of things were what connected us of the, so something on such a deeper level. And I was playing baseball at the time and it was just, I, I don't know, felt so clear. I, I was like, man, I I want someone that I, you know, come home and I'm like, Hey, I want one for three with a walk. Like who cares? You know, like, what, what does that matter one day? Is that where we're gonna the, the special? And it's like, no, all the, the deeper things, the meaningful things, the challenging of our heart, the the who we want to be, the pursuit of God in our life. The trying to take screw up and, and and tests and turn it into testimonies and all of the, that's like where we connected.


And so I I, she was Miss South Africa and then Miss Universe at the time, and I was also like, I never got to meet her in person. And so she was getting ready to go on a seven week, seven country tour on all of this. And, and I was like, man, like she's gonna go on all these countries and I've never, we haven't gone on a date. And I was like, you know, some like freaking Prince of Wales is gonna like, you know, meet her and it's gonna like, you know, woo her and then I'm not gonna have a chance. And I was like, oh, we gotta find a way to go on a date before she goes on this. So we ended up finding a way to, to go on our first date. And where'd you go? It was over it, it was just a, we were playing baseball and it was in Erie, Pennsylvania and we had a few of our, our friends that were with us and could be a part of it 'cause we had never met in person.


And so, but the day before she literally on the phone, she goes, Hey, by the way, something's gonna have to really go wrong for this not to work out. Like we, we knew, like we had really good assumptions, I don't wanna say knew, but we really believed that we were probably gonna get married. And then we went on the first date and we never stopped talking. How'd you propose? I proposed at my parents' farm, the place we moved back, we moved back from, from the Philippines. And I just, I wanted to do it so different and special and so how can you have a special surprise? You base it all in lies.


And that's what I did. And I had everyone in on it and I wanted it to be so special. So we, we had been gone in South Africa for Christmas and then doing football commentary stuff. So I, and I was went in South Africa to ask her family for a hand and we got back and I had to do that before I did. I just really wanted to do it that way. And so we were at our house for celebrating Christmas even though it was in January and our family's together. And I gave her a ring for Christmas just to throw her off so she wouldn't think that the ring was coming. And so we, we set up all these lies and my whole family was in on it. Her family was in on it. And I, I told, I told her that we, you know, for every Christmas celebration we have a big dinner at my parents' house.


Total life we don't. But because she knew, she had always told me, Hey, when you propose I would, I would, you know, love to be dressed up, but the only thing is I really want is I want my nails done. And, and so my sister took her out 'cause they were a big dinner, so they're like just naturally bringing up nails and did all their nails and dressed up and, and then to throw her off the cent even more, I had one of our friends that has a car dealership to let me borrow a brand new truck. 'cause I told her I was gonna give the truck to my dad for Christmas. 'cause if she's thinking, Hey dad, Timmy's giving this truck to his dad for Christmas. Definitely not proposing. And so, oh wow, you really thought this one out. So we, so we, so we, we, we get in that, that truck and we, we drive it to my parents' house.


And what she didn't know was all of my family was already in the house and she didn't know her family. I had secretly flew, flown in from South Africa, but before we walk into the house I said, Hey, can walk out to the pond. That was very meaningful to me is where I just prayed many times, is where I decided. So tried to figure out where I was gonna go play college football is where we buried our dogs. It was just where it's a meaningful place. And I had an arch built there and I had flowers all around it. And I had a bench made for us there and, and flowers on the way out. So we're walking out to it. And, and about halfway there she knew what was about to happen.


And so we get there and I get on my knees and, and I propose to her, but I was just trying to find other ways for it to be special. And one of the things she just loves, her family wants and be a part of it. Well, she didn't know that in the hay bales that were all around, I had microphones that were planted in there and so her family could hear the whole conversation. I guess it could have gone bad and my family could hear. And so I proposed to her and then I get my phone and I turn on our favorite song, which is by an artist called Matthew Mo from South Africa. And it's called The Wedding Song. It's her favorite song. So it quickly became my favorite song and we're dancing to it from my phone. But then as we're dancing, I had turned her and then Matthew Mole had flown in from South Africa and was walking out.


And so then turned her and Matthew Mole is playing her her favorite song. Oh boy. And so she's like, oh my gosh. And then we, we keep dancing to it and I turned her again, but I had a sign. And so her, she didn't know her family was there and then offer of her parents, 'cause they got divorced when she was like one and they remarried. So all four of 'em are amazing and they're all in her life. So then she turned around and there was her four parents that she's thinking they're in South Africa and they're there. And so she's crying and they're all celebrating and then we're all hugging. And then once her back was turned again, I had several of her best friends that had flown in. She turned around and there's some of her best friends. Oh man. And she's freaking out and there's my family and then, and, and then, so we just had an awesome celebration and, and, and then she, he's so, so funny.


So then my, my dad's there and she's like, so wait, is is that truck really for your dad? And I was like, no, it was just to throw you off the cent. She goes up to my dad and she's like, she's like Mr. T well I'm so sorry that you're not getting a new truck, but you are getting a new daughter. And my dad's like, it's so much better. It is just, it is just such a, such a special, special Day. Well done, well done. That is beautiful. Tim, I, you know, I really appreciate, I I really appreciate the fact that you aren't, you don't seem to be defined by any one moment in your life.


And I mean, you're a world class athlete, NFL player, baseball player, college superstar, Heisman winner. I mean, but you're not here to talk about that. And, and at least I don't think you are. And, and I just, I really appreciate that. I mean, you're so accomplished in so many different areas, but my impression is that that doesn't define who you are. That's something that you did and then you move on. And so I'm, I'm not gonna cover your athletic career. Yeah. But what I would like to cover, I brought up, I brought up numbers and 4, 4, 4, you know, for me, three 16, I could dig into my notes, but I'm not going to, I'm not a big football guy, but three sixteen's painted on your, your eye black and how many things added up to three 16 during that game?


Yeah. The playoff game. Well, if I can back it up for just a second, give a little context. When I, when I wore it for the national championship, honestly, I i, I just put it under my eyes and I didn't really think about it. I was just so focused on trying to win the championship. And after the game, I, we finish and we win. And two days after the game, I'm sitting in Ballyhoo Restaurant in Gainesville, Florida with my mom and my dad and Coach Meyer. And we're having dinner and I didn't even think I was eating a piece of grouper at the time because I just, that moment and Coach Meyer gets a call and he's, he answers it. And it's Steve McLain, our PR guy and he's, you, he's Coach Meyer's always so intense.


He's like, what, what do you mean? And you know, this really okay, bye. And I said, what, who's that? What's all about? He said, this is Steve McLain, our PR guy. I said, what did he say? He said, Timmy, he just got the numbers back from the game. And he said, during the game, 94 million people Googled John three 16. And I remember sitting there and just being so overwhelmed, I guess on one hand I was like, how the heck do 94 million people not know John three 16? But the other one is, I was just thinking, man, what a big god we serve. Like when I first started putting eye blacks in the beginning of the year, I just, I thought maybe someone with binoculars might see one.


And it wasn't a, a big step of courage or faith. It was tiny, tiny, it's nothing. It was just putting a little eye black. 'cause I saw some of my teammates, you know, writing their area code or their mom's name on their eye black. And I thought maybe, you know, someone might be encouraged. And I even thought about putting God bless under my eyes, but I was like, ah, might be too cheesy. So I did Philippians four 13 and then I switched to John three 16 and, and, and then I was just sitting there overwhelmed by what a big God we serve. Like, wow. He, and then I think it was the next day or something, another sports illustrator come out and you know, the focal points John three 16 and you're like, oh my goodness. Like, God, you're such a big God. Well that game, that national championship game was on January 8th, 2009.


And exactly three years later to the date I wore it, we were playing, I was playing for the Denver Broncos and we were playing the Pittsburgh Steelers in the, in the NFL playoffs. And it, it was on January 8th, 2012. Exactly three years later. I had no idea. I honestly, I, I really feel like there was so much of me that was just selfish in that moment. And not all in the worst way, but some of it of just, man, I wanted to prove the doubters wrong. I wanted to show 'em we could do this. I wanted to, to make a statement. I wanted to win for my team and the fans, my family and all of this. And again, that's all wrong, but there was a piece of it that was just selfish for me and I had no idea. It was three years later from the day and we play this game and, and we win in overtime.


I still think it's the fastest overtime in NFL history. And we win surreal moment. And it's just like, it's unbelievable. And the crowd stays for well over an hour after the game going crazy and go into the locker room and I, I change and I gotta go talk to the media and I don't really want to. And right before I, I walk in this big room packed full of media, there's all these curtains out front and I'm standing in front and Patrick, RPR guy there steps in front of me. He said, Timmy, do you realize what happened? And I'm like, yeah, we just beat the Steelers. We're going to play the Patriots. He's like, yeah, I know what happened, dude. Like why, why'd you ask me such a silly question? Then? He goes, no, do you know what happened?


And I'm like, I thought I did Patrick, what happened? 'cause you could just see this different demeanor. And he, he said, Timmy, no, you don't know what happened Timmy. It's exactly three years from the night that you wore John three 16 under your eyes. And I'm like, oh wow, that's awesome. That's so cool. And he said, no, no, no, you don't realize it Timmy, during the game you threw for 316 yards. And I'm like, what? And he said, Timmy, during the game, your yards per rush were 3.16. Your yards per completion were 31.6.


The ratings for the night were 31.6. And the time of possession was 31.6. And during the night, over 90 million people have Googled John three 16. It's the number one trending thing all over. And I think he even mentioned something about, there were so many people tweeting about it that like Twitter even froze or something like that. At least that was what I was told, man. I was standing in that hallway and I don't think I had the reaction that a lot of people think I did because I went from a high and a celebration and a joy to a conviction and a disappointment. Why?


Because when he was telling me that I knew that God was convicting me saying, Timmy, you thought tonight was about a game. You thought it was about all of these things. It's never just about a game. I didn't die for a game and I was so convicted, still grateful that God would use something but convicted. Man, my eyes were on the wrong thing. My heart was in the wrong place. I knew you, I knew what you'd done. But I still, my heart was here and my eyes were here. I knew the truth. I just wasn't focused on it. I was having all of these selfish ambitions and goals. And it was also this reminder, but I can even use, I can even use it when your heart's not right.


I can even use you, I can use something that you did three years ago and started three and a half years ago and you didn't even know that I was doing something. 'cause I honestly thought after three years when the first time I just thought, man, well that's cool, but you also think that's cool, God, but it's done. And he's like, no, you have no idea what I'm doing. You have no idea. And and I was just so convicted I didn't even wanna walk into the media. Not that I really wanted to anyways, but, and then I go in there and I'm answering questions and, and they, so many of 'em, they, they wanna ask me about it 'cause it's buzzing. You can hear them even talking. But some of 'em kind of asked me to the side, they're like, all, all of these, you know, numbers adding to 3 1 6, 3 1 6, 3 1 6 and a few of 'em to the side.


They're like, oh, that's a big coincidence. Like, they don't even wanna ask in the microphone, you know? And, and they're like, wow, what a, what a big coincidence. Something like that to me. And I coincidence. Yeah. And I said, that's what they call it, a few of them on like the side 'cause they don't even ask it. And I said, well, we could believe it's a really big coincidence or we could believe that we serve a really big God. And just one of those moments for me, and I think God used it and for a lot of people, but I also think he was trying to teach me something too. And that one, we have no idea what he's doing.


But even when we know the truth, how easy our eyes and our heart can leave it. And it was very humbling for me and even going back and celebrating with my family and friends and we had so many that were in town, it was a celebration with also a conviction, if that makes sense. At the same time. And, and God's done so much of that, even when I've told the story a few times and some different shows, it's, you know, I've gone viral on that and people, one of the first things that people mention when I'm in South Africa with my wife John three 16. And you know, it's just so humbling that that could just be a part of it.


But there's a piece of me that feels unequipped and Like unworthy that God would do some of that with it. And Now I I I would say that the more I've been able to process that, the more I could say, man, I'm so grateful and celebrate it. But I never wanna get to that place again where I think, God, you did something, but you're done. 'cause we have no idea what he's doing and how he's using it.


And I just, I don't wanna put God in a box. And I feel like so many times I've had like, and we have no idea what he's doing. And do you know all the things that had to happen at the end of that game for all of that to change? I mean, the fastest over time in NFL history one play 80 yards in the exact amount of time. If one of those things go off, all of them go off. Like, And yet just it's what our God does just more than we could ask, think or imagine and definitely 'cause we don't deserve it. I wonder how many people were on the fence and then saw that happen and realized it was real, that he is real.


Hmm. Lot of people Hope so. Pretty amazing. You know what, tell something else that the school about the 3 1 16 is, so several years ago, Camille goes, we're we're, we're sitting in our office when she joined the team. And I said, Camille, what breaks your heart the most? And she said, she wrote down the number 20,000 and I said, 20,000. What what does that mean? And she said, it's the boys and girls that law enforcement can see their rape and abuse images, but they have yet to be identified and they're all sitting in the IA database, which is that Interpol.


And it's the database that from 68 countries that house all this material. And we believe there's about that many. And we talk and we know we have to do something and she's just a, a force for it. So we convened a, a meeting a Leon France with all of the, so many of the major players in this space to find out what, what is the ground truth for this, right? What is the, the number? And it wasn't 20,000, it was closer to 57,000 boys and girls that law enforcement can see their rape and abuse images, but have yet to identify them. And so we come up with a, a plan and, and through with partnerships and especially with HSI and C3, and they're just the tip of the spear when it comes to this and, and partnerships with countries all over the world.


And that leads to operation renewed hope one led by C3, but with a lot of countries and you know, and Interpol and ncm and Europol and so many in Google and so many people that were part of this. And, and so that operation to identify these boys and girls takes place and it finishes and one of the, the, the men that are leading it, that's just a, a warrior for kids and good calls me when it finishes. He said, I don't think you'll believe this, but you wanna know how many, the official number that have been identified at the end of this operation, 316.


And, and he, he, he almost couldn't tell me. Like he was so blown away when he was telling me that. And we were, Oh, and I, I don't know if that's a god wink moment or it's, but it was a, a special moment. And then I want share something I've never shared before that Can you ask Kevin to bring my phone up if he has it? I need my phone to share something I that I've never shared before. But I think this would be a perfect, a cool time. Is it the video? No, no, I'm sorry, Kevin.


I should have had my Phone. So the, so then operation renewed Hope one was really groundbreaking in this space and it just changed so much of the game. And so all the partners led by C3, the Cyber Crime center and DC and HSI, you know, we, we gotta replicate this again. And it's a really cool model of all these countries coming together to be able to identify as many and then to go rescue them. And, and so then we have operation renewed hope too. And when that finishes, we're actually in a lot of our team and, and law enforcement and partners are in Romania doing a, a special training there and in a whole lot of areas against this.


And we're at dinner after that's finishing and we're in this like Romanian type tavern and with all these law enforcement that are just heroes. I mean, just been battling the worst evils, right? And we're sitting with all of them. And so one of who's come to become a, a friend of mine, he's been dealing with a long time, faced a lot of evil in the world, gone through a lot because of it. And he's sitting across from me and he's like, man, I gotta tell you when, you know, I, I saw the John three 16 story and I, when I realized that it was 3 1 6 after renewed hope, I, it's blown away.


I I couldn't, it was just, I almost, I couldn't handle it. And he said, so now Operation renewed Hope two just finished. And we identified 417 and we're sitting in Romania. And he said, so what does four 17 mean? And I said, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what that, I don't know what that means. And he said, well, look it up. Like go go to the Bible. What is, and I'm like, I don, which, which four 17 do I go to? I don, you know, and he's like, just pick one. And so, and there's like 25 people sitting there and we're all sitting there. I, I don't know. And so I go, what's what go First Corinthians?


I don't know. And he goes, okay, tell me what first Corinthians four 17 is. And again, I just say this in all humility of maybe a God thing, but it also broke my heart. And, and so he goes, okay, read Flip or First Corinthians four 17 and I, I didn't know for Corinthians four 17. And so the whole table gets quiet and I am read it and this is what it says, For this reason, I have sent you Timothy, who is my beloved and faithful child in the Lord, and he will remind you of my ways which are in Christ Jesus, just as I teach everyone in every church.


And he goes, you have got to be something else kidding me. And I was like, what? I didn't know that. And so it was just a, a moment where it can, it is, it has nothing to do with me, but it maybe, maybe one of those moments where it's just a, a god wink moment of wow and still to this day, this officer will put a lot of texts and stuff as three 16 slash four 17. I've never shared that, that story before. Wow. Maybe a god wing moment. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think there's any maybe about it.


I mean, there are no coincidences. That's incredible. Wow. I love this conversation, man. So getting into getting into what you're doing now, I mean, you are really kicking a lot of rocks over and doing a lot of good things. And so what are, what are some of the things, what are some of the things that you're encountering? Well, I think our biggest heart as a ministry, as a foundation, as a team, that's a, like we call ourselves a family is trying to go to dark places to bring light, trying to go to places of crisis, chaos and conflict and, and bring light to go to the hurting.


We know that our God is near to the broken hearted. So what scripture says, don't know exactly what that means, but I know if God's near to the broken hearted man, I want to be too. I want to be too. I wanna be near and with the hurting so that we could share faith, hope and love. We could protect them, we could defend them, we could stand up for them. And in this fight for the MVP in this fight against trafficking exploitation, it's in my opinion, one of the grave greatest evils in the world, or maybe a better way to say it, one of the worst evils in the world, But specifically our heart is to get to as many and leverage anything and everything we can so that they can get out of this evil.


And as I mentioned earlier, you think so much is done by all these groups and gangs and, and yes, that does take place in a lot of areas, but man, it's overwhelming when you think how much is done by families, by friends, by those in the trusted circle. And especially when we talk about the fight against child exploitation and child sexual abuse, it's, it's off the charts of what is being done in the families. Do you know what's the, I dunno if I wanna say most disappointing, but maybe one of the most heartbreaking is do you know the number one offender biological fathers?


And it would, it's not gonna make your Your day, but I brought a, a map to Share with you is This map every Red dot on that. So first of all, that is a DOG law. DOJ law enforcement map. It's called the red dot map. And every, every, this is over the last 30 days. And every red dot on that map is at least one unique IP address of individuals downloading, sharing, distributing child abuse and rate images under the age of 12.


And there's over 111,000 of them just in the US of the last 30 days. Wow. And I just, I I wanted to bring that, 'cause I think it, it brings to life So much of the evil that we're trying to face. And people will say, well that's just over there and it's in those countries and it's all of those places. And it's not Sean. It's right here in our backyard. It is right here and, and out of everyone. And some people will say, okay, well, well they're, they're just downloading and sharing it and distributing it. And, but they're not, 55 to 85% are also hands-on offenders.


And your average offender has 13 victims in their lifetime. 13 victims. Every one of those red dot mat red dots is there's a boy or girl that is suffering on the other end of what they're sharing, downloading, or distributing. And I just, I wanted to share that with you because I know that your heart breaks for them. And I think that map brings to life the, the evil that we're trying to, to fight and why, you know, one of our hearts is to get the Renewed Hope Act passed through Congress because it takes the law enforcement officers right now and victim identification officers at C3. And they're amazing. Some of my favorite people in the world, but there's seven of them right now at C3.


There's, there's how many? Seven Seven people To all. Yes. And also ICAC are working on that We love ICAC and we need enhance their funding 'cause they desperately need it. Internet crimes against Children. And there are awesome 62 locations around the country, but primarily the ones that are also working on this are at, at C3. And we want to get the Renewed Hope Act passed because it would take it from seven to 200. And now we have a much greater chance if we have all of those officers that are trained and equipped to be fighting against this evil. And again, that's the last 30 days. And that's not getting into live streaming or sextortion or, or grooming or so many of the other issues we're fighting that is just in peer-to-peer networks of them sharing and distributing child rape images under the age of 12.


This is 12 and under 12 and under 111,423 unique IP addresses. And and some people will say, well that's just, you know, they're just downloading it and they're just sharing it. And no, it's not just that easy. You have to go in, you have to down download it, just, you know, peer-to-peer and then you have to be able to download all of these images and then you're sharing them. It's not like this just happens by accident. It's not like, oh, I just looked at a bad picture. And it's not like this is a, a photo of a, of a baby and a in a bathtub. No.


So many of these are brutal, brutal abuse of children. And and when we go back to those 50,000 boys and girls that are unknown in the IXa database that we're talking about before, out of those 57,000, over 3000 of them were infants or toddlers. Oh man. And so if you say what's on on our heart, man, these are boys and girls that can't fight for themselves. They can't defend themselves. And yet so many of us, myself for so long, did nothing to defend or stand up for them. And it is our heart that we would rally an army and maybe even we would even declare a national emergency to fight this evil of this is happening in our backyard.


And out of all those that have been rescued from or out of all those that have been, you know, safeguarded and rescued from renewed hope one, two, and three, more than half of those boys and girls have been right here in the us. So we think it's over there. It's over there. It's over there. No, yes, it it is happening in other places, but it is happening in our country right here in our neighborhoods, in our backyards, in our families. And then we get into the fight against live streaming. And do you know the number one payer of livestream rape of boys and girls around the world? Us Us not close. And in peer-to-peer sharing, we're third China, Russia, America, Man.


Sorry, I do get fired up about It. I do too, man. It's, how are you combating this? Well, We're trying to do it in every area, in every way possible. Whether that's with partnerships and, and nonprofits and law enforcement and rallying and task forces and legislation and lobbying, you know, trying to get them to enhance the, the, the, the army per se in fighting this. And that's really what the Renewed Hope Act is for. But it's also getting the renewed hope operations more and more and more. And, and we are having more and more every day. But it's also, you know, creating awareness. And I hate to use awareness. Can people say it all the time? And I don't want awareness for awareness sake.


I want people to be aware. So we act to do something. I think we really have to change laws in legislation. And I believe there's a lot of people in Congress in a DC that want to change it. But we have to get it done. We have to protect these boys and girls. And I know we have to, we have to figure out budgets and balances and all these important things. But what does it matter if we figure out a budget but our boys and girls in our backyard are being raped and abused? Like let's make the main thing the main thing. This should be a main thing. Like this has to be a main thing. It's, I mean this is the last 30 days, a hundred, 11,423 unique IP addresses.


I mean, how many kids does that amount to It? It's hard to know. And by the way, this is only one database and there are multiple databases, so it's not like this is all of them, but it's hard to know every life on the, on the back end. But that's why we try to find as many studies and stats and databases to find it. But the clearest one we can go to is if you look at, at this over 111,000 and then you know that 55 to 85% of these are hands-on offenders and your average offender has 13. Now you add that up, 13 offenders in their life. How many boys and girls is that? So every time we take one of those offenders and we take 'em off the streets, how, how many boys and girls did we protect?


How many boys and girls did we safeguard? One of the, and that's Like, that's like, It's a lot Over 1.5 million. It's a lot. And, and in one of the operations, one of the doors that got knocked down and, and, and men that got taken away actually led to 30 other children that he had been abusing. And, and I, I want to say this and I think it's important, the number one offender type is biological fathers, but by far is being done by middle age Caucasian men.


Many over half of them college graduates, many of them are educated good jobs. This isn't just who we're thinking about. Like they're, they're, you know, technical savvy. And I, I think that it is time that we call 'em out like that we can't stand by and stand back. Like we have to stand up and say, not only are we not doing our job as men, it's actually the opposite. Instead of being defenders and protectors of our families, we're hurting and abusing. We were in the office last week and we are, we're talking with someone that's a amazing in this space and we're going through a case to try to learn from this and, and do some more stuff.


And the, the guy that has already been put away and convicted of his crime was abusing an 18th month old, his 18th month old and his nine month old. And I was sitting there and just horror, right? But then we're looking at what he was doing it on and he was doing it on a Florida Gator blanket. And I was thinking, man, this is probably someone that was rooting for the Gators. Probably someone that maybe is a fan or likes the gators or likes my played. But no, this how personal this is. Maybe it's someone that's in the stadium watching us play, right? Like this isn't far off or far across around the world.


'cause we always think, and even sometimes members of Congress will say to us, but you know, we gotta, you know, worry about our backyard. No, we're talking about our backyard. This is our backyard. This is right here. Like I could tell you so many stories of our backyard in Jacksonville or in Florida or around our country of, there's an operation last year that a task force, you know, multidisciplinary task force came together in Jacksonville that were luring men that wanted to sleep with, I believe it was eight and 13 year olds and lured him in, you know, 27 men showed up and got arrested 'cause they had the goal of sleeping with an 8-year-old or a 13-year-old.


And the so many of them work in places with kids. They, one of them was a former professional athlete. A couple of them were tied to law enforcement or part of law enforcement. Like this isn't just like over there, it's here, it's our backyard and we have to stand up for these boys and girls and we gotta change the laws of legislation. We gotta build a bigger army. We gotta be able to create awareness. Know what families can do, protect your kids. Also in the same time, when your kids go onto the internet, they have to know that they are getting lured, groomed, stalked by people with intent to do evil. And people with a goal to do good have to work better.


And I was telling you earlier, when we were downstairs, when you know there's a dark, dark website that was taken down and before it was one of the last messages that was sent out was a message you had thought would've been coming from a pulpit, Hey, I just want you all to know that I believe in you. Stay strong, stay vigilant, stay alert. We can get through this together, we can do this. And it was a place where so many men were joining it so that they could view the rape of boys and girls be a part of this terrible evil. And yet they're working together many times better than people with a goal to do good. Why is because so many times we're more worried about the credit than we are about the mission.


And what does the credit matter, who cares about the credit? It doesn't matter. Like we don't care. Anybody take it. We just want these kids to be out of harm's way. Why, why does there seem to be so much pushback on this particular subject? Well I think there's quite a few things to that. I feel like, 'cause it's very complicated. I feel like it's complicated to be able to understand and discern the problem that there's peer-to-peer networks. But then there's live streaming, but then there's grooving, but then there's extortion, but then there's also trafficking and they get merged to all look like, you know, it's the same thing.


So people will just sort of be like, well it's trafficking. Well no, it's, it's not the same. There are difference there. It there's overlap between sexual abuse, exploitation and trafficking. There is some that happen in all three, but there is also some that is just exploitation. Some that is sexual abuse and some that is, that is trafficking. But it's such a complicated nuance. Something that, that honestly for I, I'm still still trying to learn every day to just learn and understand as much of it as as possible so we can know how to best strategize. And we put so many, you know, try to find so many wise people and our team is full of people that are smarter than, than me. And, and trying to learn and understand that we could understand the problem. So we could try to have solutions. But I think one of it is we just don't fully understand all of the issues and we just think it's over there or you know, or we just think it's border and, and there are issues at the, the, the border.


There's no doubt there is trafficking there. But one of the things that we have to understand is it's not just there on the border, it's not just overseas. It's, it is here in our backyards. And, and, and we could go into that, but I think that's one of the bigger issues is it's nuance. It's hard to understand. It's hard to grasp, it's hard to figure out. It's then you under try to understand the why and then, and that's difficult. And I just think in other areas maybe it's like, okay, you know, selling drugs, this is it, you know, and there's just little lanes that are maybe a little bit less nuanced and this is very complicated and it is.


And honestly there's just, there's even differencing of opinions on it. There's difference of approaches to it. But I feel like that's why we just have to get so many of the right players in the room, set out on a course and fight together not against each other on the same team and create strategies to defend our boys and girls here. You know, Earlier You had mentioned that you, you bring this subject up and they don't want to hear it. They don't wanna hear it 'cause it reminds 'em of their kids or whatever other bullshit excuse they have. What I think it's important to, for lack of a better term, put some of this on display for people to hear.


And you had mentioned a specific satanic cult that I'll let you finish. It has to do with the bar, the story I was telling you earlier. Yeah, yeah. That was just of a, That was a story of a, a friend of ours that fights in this space maybe three, four weeks ago was telling us, and this is a story from Texas and it was a 13-year-old girl that was being raped while someone would stand there and read the Bible to her and then they would rotate and someone else would come in, read the bible while she would be going through this horrible evil.


And part of the reason that it was believed that they were doing this is so that the worst moment of her life would be associated with God's word. And that's a lot of evil. Yeah, But you, I know like what these type of conversations and stuff are sharing too. I If You wanna read, so it okay to share those. Okay, I can, you want me to, This Forum is entitled Force Baby and has 50 members slash contributors.


The specific forum has been active for nearly two years. Offender one, what are you into Fe two, mainly five to nine. But anything goes offender. Three I'm 60 in a ve in a very violent man. No isn't an option offender four. Hello all. How are my fellow friends today? Offender two, I have 20 TB Terabytes 20. Oh my gosh. I have 20 terabytes of baby video new for 2023 Vids available. DM me and I will give you a good price.


Offender three. Do you have any baby videos? I have a problem. I want it all the time and love new stuff. Offender two. Yes. DM me. I have a great supply and can help guide you how to do it. Offender three. Yes, me too. DM me and I could show you how to abuse your own kids and get away with it. It's the life of a true offender four. Oh man, I'm not even gonna read this. I love their, I have a daughter I would love and it goes on.


I This is what we're facing. Yeah, It's what we're facing in our, in our backyard and want to, there's a lot of things that are hurtful and disturbing about it. One of the things that we're seeing grow bit by bit is offenders that are saying instead of finding their next victim, some of them are saying, let's just grow our next victim being have a child and grow 'em.


Do you think there's more motivation besides sexuality or whatever you wanna call it, having sex with, With Kids? Well, I, I would say we get to work with some experts and some expert psychologists that we think are some of the best in the world. And some of what we have been able to learn from them is that some of these offenders, yes, that's part of it, but part of it is they actually enjoy the pain that's being displayed and shown.


One story, I, I hate to even say it, but it was by one of the top psychologists that he shared with us is one offender went to a playground and he watched all of the boys and girls And he, he picked a certain one. And so when the psychologist, after he gets caught us talking to him, he said, why, why did you pick that one? Why, why when you, you, what's the reason why you did it? Why, why did you, why did you select that person? Is it height, is it weight? Is it size?


Is it color? Is it background? And it was sense. No, no, no, no, no. He said no, I waited and I watched and I tried to find the happiest kid so that I could steal her soul. And I just, I hate even sharing that. But there unfortunately, our people that have the goal of hurting people so badly, that that would be their intent. That's also why I believe God has created some of us to put us here so that we could stand in the gap between them, between that boy or girl so that they would know some people love them enough, but more importantly that heavenly father loves them enough that has already stood in the gap for them.


And I'm gonna share something that's terrifying as well. And it has my friend Ryan, who I've been telling you about, he, he is working, working this thing against this satanic cult. And they are exploiting kids through graphic content of, they'll have, they'll have a young girl do something and then they'll exploit her. And it's not for money or anything like that. That started off, they would have these girls after they, after they got the, the videos or the photos or whatever it is, they wanted them to carve SLUT into their skin with a razor.


And then that developed into, now this happened to a 14-year-old girl, we're gonna have you swallow razor blades and all the way up to having them commit suicide, which they've been successful and this cult continues to grow and, and Ryan's combating it. But I mean it's just, I I don't like talking about this, but it, I think it's important for especially for parents to hear this. Like this is what's out there. And you know, one thing that really sticks out in my memory about my interview with Ryan is he said, when you give your kid a phone, You're not giving your kid access to the world.


You're giving access for the world to your kid, Giving the world access to your kid. And you know, as times has gone by, like, the more I hear about this, the more that sticks in my head with, with the cult that I'm just telling you about. And you know, to, it's just, I mean, you're doing big things and you're making a, a tremendous impact. But what I want to ask you is, you know, what, what can, what can parents do? That's a good question. To protect their kids's. First I would say be careful about what they go on and what they look at. And so I give a little background to that.


So one thing we haven't touched on is it ties to this is the sextortion and how many places around the world are trying that literally have organized groups that are trying to set extort boys and girls e even boy boys more than girls right now. There have been over 30 right here in the states that have committed suicide from it. And they're trying to become a best friend, trying to act like they're a young girl and they're getting boys to send them a photo and then they're trying to take everything from them. And then ultimately it's leading to, to so many suicides. And last year, and I believe it was 2024 meta took down 63,000 accounts from, I believe mostly in Nigeria of accounts that were just trying to sex extort people here.


Like if you think, oh, it's one or two people, it's not, it's at a mass number. So when you hand the phone to your kid, no, that the world and people with bad intentions are trying to lure them into something, whether that's to groom them sex, to extort them, to try to lure them into something. Unfortunately, I hate to be always the person's trying to talk gloom. And I'm not trying to be doom and gloom. I'm trying to say that we can have hope even in the midst of it. 'cause if Jesus, but we gotta protect them. We have to protect them so that they are in a safe place. And it's is also where we, we work with so many different companies and technology that are trying to find all ways to, to fight the trafficking and exploitation and the sextortion and all of them.


'cause just like as there's this, all this social and technology being used for bad, we have to also fight it for good. And there is a lot of great companies that are trying to create products to fight it for good. Whether that's on phones, whether that's on devices, whether that's to keep, keep kids safe. And so there are a lot of people that are fighting back against this and they're trying to step up and stand up the right technologies, the right teams, the right companies. But we have to know that it is even a battle that if you just say, here's the phone, go do what you want. No. That it's, so I'll give you an example. We're having several years, it was four or five years ago, now we're having a meeting at the offices and one of like the best trackers of finding missing people is, is sharing stuff.


And he's saying, this is how many, this is how so many of the boys and girls are getting lured in and it's, they're so good at their phrases and their sentences and they use the same ones and they copy paste all of these kids, right? They work the same phrases and they build relationships. And so he's going over some of these phrases and one of our team members goes home and she has two daughters. And she said, y'all ever seen some of these phrases? And they go, yeah, I got some today. The exact same words said the same way, same phrases. Like this is absolutely a, it's real and terrifying. And if you just think, oh well it's people with the, you know, with good intentions or it's just the internet.


No, there are people that are using that with a goal to do evil and they want to be able to, to get access, to get in, to build a relationship for, for something that is not a good reason. And I just, I don't want to be doom and gloom, but I just want to tell parents, please be the protector that you're called to be. And sometimes maybe if that means that you're the bad guy and you don't give them the same access, but would you please look into some of the, the more improving devices to help kids say keep kids safe, to get them on safer platforms. And I do feel like, I don't feel like this, I really believe that it is a terrible evil that we have to fight back against.


And that has to be as a whole, You know, I'm, I'm just gonna make it even more apparent. I mean, we caught a guy in five seconds when I interviewed Ryan, I had him on here and he was talking about this and this was, this was like my first interview on the subject. And I, I said, you, you're a hacker. Get your laptop out. He said, I don't care what form you get into what social media platform. I wanna see how long this takes. He said, okay. And I said, screen record it so we can prove it. So he gets on, gets in the chat room, comes up with the name. He, he tells me, he goes, all right, I made the name Ashley 13, New Jersey.


Right after that he goes up, got a 40 something year old man wanting to have sex with a 13-year-old girl, wants to meet her at Walmart. I'll roll the clip right now just so everybody sees how fast this is happening. And he says it's on Xbox, PlayStation, Instagram, everywhere. Yes. Anywhere that you are online, yes. This is happening. Brian, do you think you could demonstrate right here, right now how fast these sexual predators, predators will show up in a chat room? Yeah. Fire your computer up. Let's do it. Alright, I'm recording. So now I'm just gonna say hi two wants to chat and I named myself Ashley, female, New Jersey, 13 female, New Jersey.


Let's see how many private messages come in? Two already? Three. It's been like 10 seconds. Yep. Hey, one to four round. Hey al old are you? Lemme just copy that and send that to everybody 'cause we got other messages coming in. What chat room are you in? Just a teen chat. Hey, you want to cuddle a bit? I I didn't, I I mean I, I'm taking, I'm giving 'em the benefit of the doubt right now that, that they didn't read the, oh, he's 47, 47 Years old in a team chat room. You got him in what, five seconds?


Yeah, he's already messaging in. Oh Yeah, there's a ton. There's, I can't even keep up with him here because every time I click one there's more on the list. He says he is OI said, are you okay with my age? He says yes. Age 13. Like my profile says I got two more messages. So now we're at 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. I am 19. Let's ignore the 19-year-old, even though it's disgusting. It hasn't even been 60 seconds yet. Okay, there's another guy.


Here's the other guy. This guy's 15, ignore him. That is a real teenager in a teen chat. The 47-year-old says, I, he said age. I said 13. Like my profile says, he said, name Ashley. And then another guy just messaged, how old are you? Okay, this person's a child too. So out of all of these, there's one guy here who is 47 years old, less than a minute, who wants to talk to a child in a teen chat. And I only said hi in the chat room. Nothing else.


Holy shit dude. Pam, we're wrapping up the interview. You get a flight to catch. And so I want to ask you, what can people do to help what you're doing? Well, I think pray, talk with their families, protect their kids, protect their neighbor's, kids, their look out for each other. Be a protector. I believe that's one of the greatest forms of love as one Corinthians 13, seven, love always protects, always believes, always hopes, always endures. And as a community, we need to protect, protect one another. We need to protect the most vulnerable. Everyone has a different skill set, resource ability.


Use it. Use it for good step up. That doesn't mean you have to stand with us, but stand for good. Stand for the most vulnerable. If there's some specific ways they wanna be involved with us, I think one of 'em could just be call your local congressman or woman and say, Hey pastor Renewed Hope, Act and protect our children. Go get it done. You can go to our website, tim te foundation.org and there'll be links on there to figure out right ways that you can connect with your local congressmen and step up and stand up and, and not just make your voice heard. 'cause that's said a lot, but it's make it heard to the right people to know that there is an army of people right here in the states that are gonna fight back against those that want to hurt and abuse our kids.


And you know, we have a daughter on the way. So we, we haven't shared the name of our little girl yet, but her middle name is actually named inspired by a named after one of the youngest girls we've ever been able to bring out of this evil and care for. And she was rescued at 25 days old. And she's just captured my wife's heart and my heart. And so our little girl, his middle name is, is named after her 25 days old. Yeah, well it's beautiful that you did that man. Your daughter's gonna be a special person.


All of these kids are so special made in God's image. And so many times we treat 'em as if they're trash, when they're really God's treasure. And, and if all of this, if we could take all of these lives that have gone through such torture, but they can know how treasured they are by God, that would be everything they would know and experience that go from torture to treasure.


And wouldn't that be everything? The Albert, I hope one day she wouldn't just say, Hey, my dad's a good dad, but my dad's a protector. My dad wants to stand in the gap between people with a goal to hurt me and he's gonna stand in the way so he won't let him get to me. And I know I'll be very flawed and fallen in that goal, but I hope that's something she would say one day. But I can tell you, our heavenly father, he stood in the gap for us. He stood in the way when the enemy says no, their mine, he said, no, no, no, no.


I'm gonna take their place. I'm the ransom. That's me. I'll take the penalty. That's what love looks like. And as a community, we as a family, as a nation, we have to stand in the gap. Not only do we have to protect, but man we're also causing so much of this pain here in the States and around the world. Do you know where the country I was born in that I love very much in the Philippines? Do you know how many times we have seen the airports be flooded with Americans flying into you? How many of them you look and you say, man, what are they going to do? And do you know the number one buyer of children in the Philippines paying for their rape and abuse, middle aged Caucasian men right here.


So not only you have to stand up against them, but we have stand up against the pain that they're causing here in the States and around the world. This is our problem. It is our calling and we can't look away. Like we can't just have the bystander effect. Think someone else is gonna do it 'cause it's our fault and it's only growing. All of these issues of live streaming of cs, a child, sexual abuse, material, sextortion, grooming, runaways, all of it. It is growing. We aren't winning like we're losing every day until enough people stand on the line to say together we're gonna fight this, we're gonna call it out, we're gonna stand on the line.


They're worth it. They were worth it to king Jesus to die for. They're worth it for us to fight for. Well said, well said. Well Tim, Thank you for being here. I'd love to Thank you. I'd love to end this in another prayer. Yeah. Wanna lead it? Sure. Perfect. Oh man, Good and gracious. Heavenly Father, we just love you so much. We Thank you that you first loved us, we Thank you your love for every person that you didn't just tell us about it, but you demonstrated it with your life.


For every person we pray that, that we would demonstrate that love for people just like you stood in the gap for us. That we would stand in the gap for humanity. We Thank you for your love for them, that you created them in your image with infinite value and worth. We pray that we would see that true worth, that infinite value and worth that worth that you are willing to go to the cross for we pray that we would see that in them and we would act on their behalf and we would be protectors. We wouldn't be bystanders, we wouldn't stand to the back or stand to the side, but we'd stand in the gap.


We'd pray that, that you do something so special in our nation for the next generation and protecting them and loving them and having a, a real identity of who they are and whose they are. That they would know that they're fearfully and wonderfully made, that they would know and be firm and secure in the hope that you have given them of your promises. That they wouldn't just think, I need to change, I need to conform, I need to be different. I need to compare. No, but they would be filled with you, with your love, with the Holy Spirit. We Thank you for the cross. 'cause it's the only thing that changes everything about everything.


And when we pray that so many people that are starving for hope right now, that they would find the one true hope in the cross. We know that you are near to the broken hearted and we pray we would be that too. That we would stand with them and for them, we pray that you do something so special in our nation. We Thank you for letting us be a part of that. As flawed and fallen as we are. You still allow us to be a part of your team on your mission. We pray that you would let us get to many lives that are hurting so they could experience true faith, hope and love that only comes through you. Thank you that you love us and you don't leave us or fase us.


We give all these things to you in Jesus name. Amen. And I would just ask that, that you please lead the army, that Tim and his team needs to effectively combat this on the scale that it needs to speak combated and just ran your protection down over them. Amen. Amen. Thank you Tim. Appreciate you. It was an honor. It was. Thank you. It's an honor for me. Thank you. Thanks for what you're doing. Thanks for shining light. Thank you. You gave us the chance to share God bless brother me, Former MLB All star Sean Casey, AKA.


The mayor keeps hitting it out of the park. Take my 30 years of experience, take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures. When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome. Your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don't know. I'm fired up baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's Office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow and listen on your favorite platform.