
The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck GPT, What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Tom Holman, Welcome to the show. Thanks for having me. Oh, Thanks for coming. We've been trying to get this done since, man, I feel like it's been like six months we've been playing phone tag and trying to get you in here. So I just, I really appreciate you taking the time and I've been looking forward to this interview for a very long time. And then I, and then I thought it, I, I just thought it would never happen as, as busy as you are. So I'm busy, but I'm, I'm, I'm glad I'm here. I think this is, you got huge bandwidth and American people need to know what's going happening in this country right now. Thank you. Thank you. But so I'd like to do a life story on you on the front half of the interview and kind of talk about your journey into becoming the b the Border Czar and some of the events that you faced, you know, leading up to that.


And then on the back half of the interview, I'd like to do all current event stuff, everything that's going on at the border, what it was like before, what it's like now, and then some of the, some of the measures that you guys are implementing down there and maybe up there too to, to keep us safe here at home and, and take care of the issues at hand, which seem to be major issues. So, looking forward to it, but let's do it. But everybody starts off with an introduction here. So, Tom Holman borders are under President Trump's second administration appointed to oversee the nation's border security and interior enforcement operations, a law enforcement veteran With over four decades of experience starting as a Border patrol agent and rising to become one of the most influential officials in US immigration policy, former acting director of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ICE serving from January, 2017 to June, 2018, where you shaped some of the most talked about immigration policies of the Trump era, your man of the year from, congratulations on that.


From the National Police Defense Foundation and Border Hero Award from America's Voice. And I think those both came out last week. Yeah, last week. Congratulations. Congratulations. And yeah, you know, I, I waited to tell everybody that you were coming on just because of, you know, who you are and all the security and stuff. And it was funny, when I finally broke the news last week, for whatever reason, everybody that works for me started giving me their birth certificates and passports. So, so I don't know what's going on, but they're pretty tuned in. So, but yeah, so couple other things real quick.


Everybody gets a gift. I got you two gifts. The famous gummies, Vigilance league, gummy bears made here in The U SA legal in all 50 states. It's just candy until RFK outlaws it. So, but, and then another thing. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Found out you're a Catholic this morning. Yes, sir. And so I want to give you one of those, one of my really good friends, Dom Raso sells these rosaries. And my journey to faith is relatively new. I grew up Catholic and I'm still Thank you.


Thank you very much. Yeah. You know, and I just, I think the Catholic religion just, there's one, there's one thing they get right. For sure. It's protection. And with what you're facing right now, I'm sure you could use a little extra protection. So I, I carry one of those every single day. Carry one of these, carry one of these. What is that? St. Michael's. Love that. Love that. But well, Tom and the Virgin Mart, the backside Nice Carry both. I'm covering both Sides. Nice. Nice. Where'd you grow up? Small town called West Carthridge, New York population about 2,500.


What were you into growing up? Pardon me? What were you into growing up? Strong Catholic family. I mean, mom, dad, seven kids grew up in farm country. There's, there's two things you do in that little town. Either work on a farm or you work at Fort Drum, an army, army based up by there, or you're a lagger cutting down trees. So it's a small community, very patriotic community. I talk about that a lot. I mean, walking through this village I grew up in, just about everybody had American flag on their front porch. It's like, I, I talk about my book. It's like being in Mayberry, everybody knew everybody. Right?


My mom and dad. Very strong Catholics. And I think every mother in that village spanked me at one time or another. That's back in the day. The village, the village made who you were, you know, it takes a village to grow a kid. And they, they, I, I give a lot of credit to the village I grew up in, and I'm serious. I think every mother, not village gave me a spanking one time or another. But that was okay back then. They just call your mom and say, I had to give time a spanking, but very strict family. F my dad was a judge, so, you know, strict up, strict upbringing. But it was a very patriotic little town. We were only about six miles outside of Fort Drum.


So it was, I grew up in the, in an era where police were highly respected and people love their country. I mean, I literally, American flags everywhere. It is, it is a great, a great childhood. And, and, and it, it spooks me sometimes actually has such a great childhood. I'm afraid that I could not give my children the same childhood I had. Yeah. Where you go, you wake up Saturday morning, ride your bike around the village, gathering up buddies to have a baseball game, and you play baseball all day, but the mill whistle goes off at noon, you knew you had to go home at lunch, go back, play ball. Then at five o'clock the mill whistle goes off again and it means you gotta go home and have dinner.


But it was a great childhood. Yeah. You don't, you don't hear too much of that anymore these days. You know, that's, that's very similar to where I grew up. But Do you have any brothers and sisters? Yeah, I got, there's five, there's seven of us. Seven of you guys. I got One brother and five sisters. Damn. Very strong. Yeah. The thing is my, what I, what I'm proud about my family, it is just about everybody wanting to, you know, some sort of public service. Right. Our brother career fireman just retired a couple years ago. All my sisters, but one we're a nurse. So, you know, they all, they all felt a, a duty to go back and, and, and serve the communities in one way or the other.


My dad, you know, he ended as a, a judge, but he was a cop before then. My grandfather was a cop. So I always knew. I already knew, I always knew I was gonna be some sort of cop. That's what I wanted forever. So I've lived my dream. I mean, I was fishing with my brother last year and he looked at me, made a comment, he says, you ever think about the ride you had? This is before Trump won the election. I was coming back. He said, what do you mean? He goes, you went from West Carthridge to the West Wing. That's a hell of a ride. And it was, it shows, it shows what a great country this is. Yeah. Yeah. How early did you know you wanted to get into law enforcement?


Kindergarten, first grade, Kindergarten. I always knew this in this small town I grew up in. We had a police department. And next the West card is called Carthridge, bigger town police department. And my dad would, you know, I remember my dad coming home wore a uniform and I knew he was out there protecting people. Then became a judge as when I was still a child, middle of the night state troopers, knocking at the door, bringing somebody to get arraigned in the middle of the night. I, I was cops surrounded by cops all the time. So I knew I was gonna be a police officer. And I did become a police officer straight outta college before I joined the board VI patrol.


But I knew, I had no doubt in my mind, there's one thing I wanted do. And that's be a a a law enforcement officer. Why did you, where'd you become a police officer? West Carthage. West Carthage. You stayed at home? I served just like my dad and grandfather. We served the local community again, the local community, you know, is re I grew up, they raised me, right? Matter of fact, when I became the ICE director and the President Trump, I remember I was in the office first day, my public affairs officer, Barbara Gonzalez, walks in, first day on the job, says, okay, you got A-B-C-N-B-C, you got Fox News, you got Washington, Washington Post.


You got New York Times. She's trying to schedule all these first day interviews. I looked at her, says, Watertown Daily Times, and W-N-Y-T-V. She looked at me, says, what are these? It's my hometown newspaper, hometown television station. She looked at me, she goes, Mr. Trump, with all due respect, you got nationally syndicated. I said, I don't care. My hometown gets, first they raise me, I owe 'em. They get the first interview. So the next day we got on a plane, flew to Watertown, which is the biggest town where I grew up. I did Watertown Daily Times. I did WW, NYTV. Oh man. That is cool.


That is awesome. I bet they appreciated that. They did. But I really love my hometown where I grew up. Matter of fact, I, I recently bought a lake house up there. I'm retired there someday. I was born there, I was raised there, went to college. There was a police officer there. I'm gonna die there someday, Man. That is really cool. That is really cool. What, what got you to switch from local law enforcement and Carthage to border patrol? I was with a couple police officers fishing up on the St. Lawrence River, river related Ice Canyon, United States.


Great fishing. Alexander Bay fishing. Now I saw board patrol around. I didn't quite know what they did. But while we're fishing, we're at, we come in the boat, we're at the dock having a few beers, the board patrol boat come pulling in. We just started talking, you know, pretty soon he knew we're all cops. And you know, of course he's wearing a uniform. He's board relations. We started talking about our job, his job and his job sounded really interesting. And he looked at me, he says, we're giving the test in four weeks. Watertown post office. Y'all go on there and take it.


So I did. Six months later, I get a phone call, go for an interview. So my dream was, there's a border patrol station there on Wellesley Island, right on, in the St. Orange River in the shipping channel. Beautiful place. Well, if I get into the border patrol, I can come back up here and work at, at Wellesley Island and be a boal right where I grew up. So I got in the Border Patrol. But after a few years on the southwest border, there's so much action, you know, you eat it up. And I knew the northern border was pretty much vacation paradise. I just didn't, I never applied to go back up north.


'cause it was just, it was a lot of acts on the southern border. Saw a lot of terrible things, but also was very rewarding. Saved a lot of lives. So we, so I decided to stay on southern border until I became a special agent. What is, what is, what year is this? 1984. 1984. This is when I joined the Border Patrol. Wow. Lots of action going on there all the way back then. Oh yeah. I mean, San Diego sector 1500 night just come through San Diego sector. They used to gather up on the soccer fields just East of Tijuana, hundreds and hundreds of gather.


And when it sun went down, they just ran north. I mean, it was acts like a movie and you just grab what you could. I was in Campo smaller station, but as a GS five board patrol agent, I tried to get all the overtime I could get so I could go down and work the overtime on the weekends or whatever days I had off to work. You know, the soccer field or work the checkpoints. But it looked like Grace was, there's very few board patrol agents. So you were overwhelmed every night down there. Damn. How long did you do that? Four years. Four years. Then I became a special agent, criminal investigator. What is the difference between a border patrol agent and a special agent? It's like a police department to get you uniform division that on patrol, you got the specialist, the more the investigators.


So you investigate, you know, conspiracies, you investigate alien smuggling and drug smuggling and you know, and trafficking, illicit trafficking or people and goods. So I left the Uniform division. The uniform division became a, a criminal investigator, special agent. So I went from Campo, California. It was a small station where I got the Campbell as a board patrol agent. I think I was like number 34. Now it's got 300 people there. So I went from there and I became a special agent in Phoenix, Arizona in 1988. What kind of stuff were you investigating? Mostly immigration related alien smoking. I was in, I spent most of my time ailey smuggling unit it, so we're investigating, you know, criminal cartels, whos smuggle people and smuggle drugs.


So that, I spent most of my career doing that. But you know, you do immigration fraud, people were selling fraud and green cards and birth certificates and work site enforcement and work site enforcement. Came around in 19 86, 87, did a lot of work, site enforcement. He went to, you know, companies, large factories and arrested illegal aliens. But I spent most of my time in Phoenix in the anti-smuggling unit. So we're mostly working, you know, the, the, the smuggling groups coming from Mexico up to the United States, Mexico and South America. Damn. What are, and you stayed there for quite a while. Correct. Stayed in Phoenix for 10 years.


I climbed the ladder and I was an agent, became a supervisory special agent. Then Deputy A DDI, assistant di district director for investigations. Then from there I went to San Antonio and became the head of that office, the A DDI, which equals a sac, special agent in charge. They had different names back then, but yeah, I, I was actually the first ICE director who actually came up through the ranks. I started at the bottom run and got to the top, didn't miss one run. So I, out of all my achievements, that's most, that's my most est achievement. I became an ICE director through the rinks from the bottom to the top. And what I like about that is the 20,000 men and women that work for me.


I never asked 'em to do anything that I didn't do myself, because I was one of them. So that's, I'm very proud of that. Well, I know, I mean, just, you know, I got friends everywhere and I, I can just, you know, 'cause of my background and your people have a tremendous amount of respect for you. And that's just really good to see. You don't, you don't see that, that amount of respect very often within, especially within government. And so I just, I just wanna applaud you for that. I mean, Well, look, I, I, I was one of them. And I think when my life's lessons my dad taught me is never forget where he came from.


So when I was ICE director, I don't care if you're GS five, you're an SES, I'd go on a cafeteria and eat with whoever. Gray didn't mean anything. And I never forgot where I came from. And actually, when I retired the first time, my message to the troops where I left was, I may be retiring from this position, but I'm always gonna have your six. Because of men and women in board patrol, men and women, ice what great American patriots they are. So, and I'm, and I'm back again and again, don't forget where I come from. I don't let anybody carry my bag. I show up airport everybody wants to be written on, know the director's on, or the, the boards are on.


Make sure we take care of 'em. I carry my own bag. I'm happy staying a Hampton Inn. I fly coach. I'm just a small town kid from MacArthur's New York. So never forget where you came from. It is probably the biggest life's lesson I've ever learned from my dad. My dad, who was a war hero himself, respected that man more than anybody in the world. Your dad was a war hero. World War ii, 11th airborn. Wow. Wow. True story. So he a couple bronze stars, purple hearts to, and never knew it, never knew it till he got really sick.


He had to go to assisted living round all these medals. He didn't, he didn't never wanna talk about 'em. So I built, got him put in the shadow box. And when, when he was, when he, when he was doing his de will, you know, all these kids, Hey, what do you want? What do you want? I just find one thing. I want the shadow box because you never talked about it. And that's what I want. And I got it is hanging in my office right now. And one day I was hanging in my office and I was life director. And John Kelly, who was the sit secretary of Homeland Security, came in that day right away, keyed on that shadow box. He goes, they're not yours. No, sir.


He walked up to him, he goes, I said, they're my dad. My dad never displayed them. My dad never talked about it, but I know they're pretty impressive to get, you know, bronze Star in World War ii. He says, yes it was. He goes, you know what these all mean? I said, no, I never, so there a picture, his, his photographer was with him. They took a picture of John Kelly's walking through each of these metals. I remember the one, there's a rifle with a leaf round. He goes, no, that means he said, dad was in gunfire, didn't hear it from a distance. He was involved. And so he walked through all these things and he says, do you know how he earned these? I said, no. You still don't know. No, I don't. Wow.


I read, I read a few things and look, when he came home from the war, there was a parade for him. So they, they talked about how he's wounded in New Guinea. The second time he got wounded, it was bad enough, they sent him home. But John Kelly offered me, he said, look, I'll find out for you. He, I, I'll, I'll, I'll, if for your permission, I can grab his records. But then he came back, said they were destroyed in a fire in Kansas, Kansas City or something. All his records were destroyed so he couldn't get his hands on 'em. So my dad never talked about it. Wow. Different generation, man. Wow.


My partner, the award-winning precious metals company, Goldco has a special offer for you right now. You can get a free gold and silver kit. You'll learn about how gold and silver can help you protect your retirement savings. On top of that, you could get unlimited free bonus silver if you qualify. That's right. Is a special offer for being a supporter of my show. You could get unlimited free silver when you open a qualified account. So don't wait. The sky is the limit. With everything happening in the world today, it's time to learn about gold and silver. Get your free gold and silver kit from my partners at Goldco today. Are your savings protected? Do you have a hedge against market risk and uncertainty? Learn why gold has been breaking record after record. I believe there's no better time to get your free gold and silver kit. Go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com.


Debt doesn't just show up one day. It builds little by little credit cards, car loans, medical bills, and suddenly you're juggling payments. Feeling stuck. But here's the good news, you're not stuck. You just need a reset. At American Financing, they help homeowners like you every day they use your home's equity, enroll that high interest debt into one simple, affordable payment. They're saving homeowners and average of $800 a month. No judgment, no pressure, just real solutions that put you back in control. Imagine breathing again, sleeping again. Knowing your future is yours to shape. It starts with one call. It only takes 10 minutes to get started and there are no upfront fees. So it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments. American financing's, salary based consultants are ready to listen and ready to help Take back your peace of mind with American Financing. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or go to American Financing dot net slash ss.


What were, but you've been involved in a lot of operations. What are some of the ones that stick out to you over your career? There's a couple of things I've been involved in that probably created the Tom Homan. You see today, people always ask me, I get this question a lot, why are you always angry? Why are you always mad? Not so much now, but the last four years, right? Because I wake up every day pissed off under the Biden administration because we handed that administration the most secure border in my lifetime.


I've been doing this in 1984 and they unsecured it on purpose. And I knew when they unsecured it, more people would die. More women, children be sexually assaulted by the cartels. Not only would more illegal aliens die, but more Americans are gonna die from drug coming across the open border. I just woke up every day, can't believe they unsecured a border on purpose for four years. I'm pissed off. And there was lots of videos of me yelling at members of Congress, you know, and I I, I was worked for Fox News, you know, for the last few years. I, I lose my 10 point Fox News sometimes because of what I've seen through my career. The thing that probably when I first joined the Border Patrol, I wasn't a bo patrol a month and I'm on patrol near on a back row on a four wheel drive sign cutting.


And I see this guy walking down the dirt road. It was illegal, alien drunk. He just happened to get, he was living in ti and somehow got across the line, just hanging out and he's carrying something. What's he carrying was baseball bat. What is it? So what pulling? He was carrying a human lake. He was carrying a human leg, a human leg that he found. It was just a bone that he found on his journey, wherever. So, of course, no, I'm board with patrol agent, so I'll take him into custody. But I remember he was very intoxicated and called the local sheriff and they ran the investigation. But I was in a muck and I'm, I'm, I'm coming from upstate New York and all of a sudden they get put on the southern border and just see some of the things you saw.


It was like, it was eyeopening. Some, it wasn't rare to find a dead body of, of a illegal alien that was making the journey and died making that journey. 'cause the muggs don't care if you get sick. They're not calling 9 1 1. 'cause that ailing means nothing to them. Now, he's not gonna get paid to get him to this final destination. They just leave him there to die. I don know, I can't tell you how many aliens we find near death door making that journey. And we actually we're able to get them help and save them. But the thing that really, really affected me was two things. Number one, talking to a little girl about nine years old, that was part of a smoking group who was raped multiple times by members of the criminal cartel.


Nine years old. Yeah. And lemme tell you, Sean, the toughest guy you wanna be when, when you sit down, you get on your knees, you talk to this little girl and, and I, and everything innocent, pure Evan have has been ripped from her. Well, you can tell that she has no faith in humanity. I mean, this little girl's world, world was destroyed. She's never gonna be the same. I don't care how much counseling she gets. Right? And I'm a father and you think, you know, how could someone do that to such an innocent little girl?


And it really changes who you are. I mean, it's just like, you know, I can't believe there's a human being out there that would, would, would, would do that to a little girl. The members of cartels are animals. They don't care about these people. These people are commodity. And there's been several instances where, you know, women and children that I've been involved with through an investigations were sexist, alter by the car. Tells us, you know, demanded as part of crossing them or either across, across the desert or over the river, or just take it just, just, just rape 'em for the hell of it. I mean, I've seen rape trees, you know, where the, these smugglers would just hang panties up in a tree as a, a trophy.


And, well, the 9-year-old girl shook me. 'cause then you realize just how inhumane these these people are. The, the thing that probably shaped me the most. So back in, I think it's 2003, I was in Dallas, Texas giving a speech to the International Association Chiefs of Police. We just became ice less than a year earlier. They took customs and immigration made ice. So I was there to explain this new agency and how we can work together and collaborate. I remember getting a emergency phone call from Washington dc John Morton, who was the director at the time, but it was actually his deputy was adultery, called me and says, Hey, you're in Dallas.


You need to get down in Victoria, Texas right away. There's a tragedy down there and we want you to go down there and take over the investigation. 'cause they knew at the time was a sign headquarters. They knew I spent most of my career, as I said, in ambulance smuggling in trafficking cases. So I, so they flew me down there in an air Marine plane. And I landed down at the crime scene. When I got there, the sheriff and I, I think it was a Texas ranger walking through the crime scene, okay, said, okay, the, your, so I remember walking up to, there's a tractor trailer and there was 19 people baked to death and backed that tractor trailer. 19 people baked to death, died, baked, baked heat.


It just, they're in a steel box, tractor trailer, steel box, black nowhere, air in the middle summer. And so I get up the crime scene and I walk to the crime scene right away there, there's a, just the trailer's there, the, the truck's gone. He unhooked it and he left the driver. So I walk up with the crime scene and all I have is a suit. And I, I'm wearing a suit. I was given a, a speech. I left a, I didn't get back to hotel and get my stuff. I went straight to the scene. So I get there and I walk up to this tractor trailer and right away I see several bodies on the ground. Because when those doors finally opened up, the people were such a rush to get air that they knocked some dead bodies outta the truck onto the ground.


So I noticed some dead bodies on the ground there. Then I got to the back of the tractor trailer and I looked in the back of the tractor trailer. I just see dead people, most 'em, in their underwear because they were trying to get some relief from the, the steering heat and right away. So I looked at a keyed on little boy and he was partially covered up by who later found out was his father who was protecting him. And I keyed in on him. And he was wearing the same color underwear that my little boy had. Same underwear.


And I had a five year-old son at the time. So right away I keyed in on him. So we had, so I took over the investigation, just the term. Houston flew in and the helicopter came to the crime scene. But I was going, when I was processing the crime scene, we had a guy taking pictures and I was telling him to take, you know, take all these pictures what I needed. But I told him that we would, we would do the boy last. And mainly because I couldn't handle it at the time.


So we processed the crime scene and I testified to this. I got angry one testimony when someone claimed I didn't care about dying children. He should have worn my shoes. I've seen a lot of dying children, dead children in my career. So when we got to the child, I, I now down beside him, I put my hand on him and I said a prayer because I knew based on the years I've done alien smoke investigations, what a horrible, horrible death this child went through. He maked the death. And after we crime scene photos, we, of course the investigation where I'm there on the ground, they, they had to fly clothes in because again, I came up with clothes on my back.


But through the investigation, we found out that little boy's, the first one to die, and the witnesses there that survived, said that little boy begged his father Not to let die. The little boy knew he was dying, begged his father, please don't let me die. I wanna see mom again. I wanna see my mommy. And it, when you hear the testimony from the, the surviving witnesses, it just tore you up how this child, no 5-year-old should have to beg for his life. No five year olds should be baking to death in a black box that got a hundred seventy seven, a hundred seventy five degrees they said. And he was the first one to die.


And his father died on top of him. Because some of the witnesses were saying that some of the members of, of the, of the, of the, the group back there talked about tearing the boy apart and, and putting him out through the, there's brake lights. They busted out, tried to get some air. And there was, there was some talk about maybe we put parts of the boy out, they'll draw attention to our problem that never got fully vetted. 'cause some witnesses said didn't happen, but his father did die on top of his child. And it just h you know, hovering him. And you think about, I don't think about we're gonna rip this boy apart. His body part. That was testimony from a couple of them people. Now, a couple people said that wasn't true, but there's a re the father was over the top of him like this.


We asked why. Anyway. J was the first one to die. Then so many people were starting to die. And there's so many people in the back of the tractor trailer, they, they were dying, standing up and trying to find a place to fall. And like I said, when we got the crime scene most from their underwear, trying to get some relief from the heat. So through that investigation, the first couple weeks I'm listening to this testimony and I, you just don't, I just don't think about, okay, that child died. I'm thinking about how he died, what his last two hours was like. What was his last hour like? His father couldn't help him. His father got put him in that position, banging. His father helped him. His father can't, they're in a steel box, locked in a steel box.


No air, no air in there. The, the air compressor was turned off and information was, well it was turned off 'cause he wanted to draw attention to the truck because if the truck's empty going through a a checkpoint, if air conditioning on that means you got something back there. So there's a lot, a lot of testimony from a lot of different witnesses saying, and a lot of different things. But the way that child died and, and I didn't sleep for a week Down there. I'm a pretty tough guy. But that, that affected me because I had a 5-year-old son at the time. You started thinking about why is my son lucky? And that child wasn't, why is my son born in the greatest nation on earth and this child wasn't?


And so, and I, and, and I've been honest about that. After we put all 14 of those people in jail, anybody involved in, they're, they're in prison. And we shut that investigation down pretty quick. Put 'em, put a lot of people in prison. And after the investigation was done, I had to go get help. I couldn't sleep. Just the image of this little boy, how he suffered and had a son same age, that, that affected me more than anything. 'cause I realized that didn't have to happen. If we had a secure border, that little child wouldn't have died.


And that's why for the last four years, that's one of the reasons I wake up. Everybody every pissed off. I knew when they open this border up, more kids are gonna die more women and children will get sexually assaulted. More Americans are gonna die from fentanyl and other drugs come across that border. Sex trafficking is going to increase tenfold. So I woke up every day for four years on Biden, pissed off. And I actually did, I woke up just mad that Joe Biden's, the first president in the history of this nation who came into office an unsecured, a border on purpose. There wasn't mismanagement, I wasn't incompetence. He knew exactly what he was doing.


I, I wrote an op-ed fox news.com about six months before the election. I said, if Joe Biden becomes president, we lose the border. Just based on what he was saying. Put a moratorium on deportation going end ice detention. I'm going ward amnesty, I'm going ward daca. I wanna give free healthcare to illegal aliens. You make that type of promise to the entire world, they're gonna come to the greatest nation on earth. So I knew it was gonna happen and I knew every morning I woke up and for four years I go out and give speeches and I tell people why I'd be, it'd be, you know, seven, eight o'clock at night at the great dinner banquet. And I give 'em the speech. And I told everybody in the room, great night, isn't it? Lemme tell you about the border tonight. While we're sitting here eating this meal.


Women are being raped as part of the feed across that border. And the child's gonna die tonight. Whether the hands of the cartel or drawn the river. I've been on the river and watched border patrol agents give CPR to babies. I, Last year I made a trip down to Brooks County for a ride along. This is before President Trump was back in office. Where's Brooks County in Texas? Sheriff Benny Martinez. I sat in his office. He has like six deputies. He, He told me every deputy is doing immigration work 24 7. They're not even deputies. They're out there looking for dead bodies. At the time, he had over a hundred, a hundred dead bodies found in this county of aliens that died.


Mexican attorney just died. So his, his, his troopers, I mean his deputies were out there every day finding dead bodies. I was with him for four hours. We found two. Then talked to a doctor down there who told me this story. Now I didn't see it. I've just told this story. Mother and father and a child. A 22 month old little girl from an African nation was crossing the border, coming across the river smugglers the animals. They are, they bring 'em across on a boat. Bocho starts approaching 'em. So what do the smugglers do?


They throw their family in the water can't swim. 'cause they know Bo Patrol's gonna go rescue this family and they can get away. So Breon arrested him. They thought they rescued him, but the little girl later died at the hospital. And the doctor shared with me that, oh man, the little girl to her postmortem was, was assaulted. And every little opening of her body as, as required by one of those six cartel members.


All these things I see and hear about Now, I, I know that story came to me. I didn't see it, but that story came to me. But it doesn't surprise me. 'cause of 'cause it's stuff. Five 9-year-old girl I talked about the tractor trailer. The guy, the, the driver of that tractor trailer knew these people couldn't breathe. They knew there weren't water back there. And what did he do? He just, he just unhooked the trailer and left. 'cause he, they were dying. And through testimony, he was calling the smugger complaining they were tearing his truck apart there because they tore the lights out to try to get air in there. These people are ruthless. So for four years I wake up pissed off. I knew this stuff was going far up again at, at a record pace.


And it did look at the numbers like 4,000 aliens have died making the journey on Joe Biden. Quarter million, a quarter million Americans died from fentanyl, from across open border, under Biden. Sex trafficking of women and children skyrocketed. Number of people on the terrorist watch list Record historic numbers came across that border. They arrested 400 of 'em. You got 2.2 million God aways. How many of them came from country sponsoring terror? How many of them were sex trafficking? Women? Children? How many of them were carrying fentanyl? So for four years I was, I was just waking up every day pissed off. Damn. Did you say 22 months?


I 22 months old. It is, and this is pretty common One's too many. But it didn't surprise me a bit. It turned your stomach. I mean this, this, this, this other doctor we've down there, he, he has, he has a big old rants. He finds dead bodies all the time. He found a, a a, a young female that was lower left of her body. Her panties were down on her ankles. Her ankles, her ankles. Her ankle was broken.


What he says he he seen before is after she young got raped, they break her ankles. So she can't go seek help. She dies there. He had a picture of a 12-year-old little boy. They went over a fence at his property. This little boy obviously didn't make it. He died right there at the fence lines. He's kind of crawled up next to the fence. I mean, I, I've seen a lot of death, but I've also talked to a lot of people who, who took pictures of dead bodies on the property. You know, I've done alien smoking investigations for a long time. I, I've heard so much testimony from people that victimize, I mean operation, you know, ice Storm, Phoenix, Arizona.


After I finished that Victoria operation with 14 a aliens, then they send me to Phoenix, Arizona to run Operation Ice Storm. Where you got smuggling groups ripping each other off. 'cause when you get a load of 25 people, they're worth a lot of money. So they have alien smug groups doing grips from each other. They find out where the low house is. They go armed. They take this group. There was, there was a shootout on the highway down there. 'cause one group was stole another group's load of people. Bodies were piling up. Maricopa County aliens couldn't pay their smuggling fees. They torture 'em. They call relatives up and say, you owe it's $10,000. Well, no, we made, we, we said it was 5,000 when that was 10.


Either pay it or kill 'em. And they would, those relatives, they caught up on the phone. They tortured the guy where a relative listened. Geez. One brave lady came and she actually contacted us and said they were holding, I think it was her brother demanding all this money. I can't afford a pen. They're said they're gonna kill him. And luckily we did what we do with phones. They were go that place. And that guy was hogtied, hands and feet behind him with duct tape. His whole head and face were duct tape except a hole poked in a small so he can breathe. That's the way we found him. So these cartels were ruthless. So for four years I woke up.


I knew that, I knew that this was gonna happen every day. Now. And because this administration chose to open that border up, Why do you think they opened the border up? I get asked that all the time. You know, I think, I think there's some people that thought just don't believe in borders that think we should have open borders. But I actually think they saw future political benefit, obviously. 'cause when they, when President Biden signed over 90 executive orders destroying everything that President Trump did in Trump 45, he also overturned the Trump census rule, which means the millions of people they released in the United States, they'll be counting the next census.


Most of 'em, you know, sanctuary cities, which means what? When they proportionalize seats in house means more seats than house with attempts. And also they think they're future democratic voters. Because here, here, here's the long game they're playing. No one talks about this. Here's the long game they're playing. They're, they're playing the long game. They're smart at it. Overwhelm the system. Let's bring 10.5 million encounters to the border, release 'em without proper vetting because all they care about is the optics. If there's no overcrowding, there's nothing to see. If there's no overcrowding, we can say the border is secure, which they did.


Border patrol agents were ordered process quickly. Release quickly because if there's no overcrowding, there's nothing to see here. So of course they weren't vetted properly, didn't have time to vet 'em properly. Why did they release millions of people into the United States rather than put putting them in an empty ice bed, an ice bed owned by ice, contracted by ice at $127 a night. Why did it not fill that bed? But they'd rather release 'em to the NGO get put in hotel, 500 bucks a night, get three free meals a day, get free medical care and get, and not only that, they get flown to the city.


Their choice. They say where they want to go. We flew 'em there. Biden administration, put 'em a hotel room, 500 bucks a night, give 'em three meals a day. Free medical care. Why did they do that? Instead of putting them in the ICE facility at $127 a night? Because they knew exactly what they're doing. They know if they're going to ice detention, they get a hearing within 40 days based on real data from an immigration court. Nearly nine outta 10 people will claim asylum will get ordered removed because they don't qualify for asylum. They get removed. That's not what they wanted. Overwhelm the system. Because once you're out of the system, you got the detained docket. Immigration court prioritizes the detained docket.


But once you release 'em, now they're on the non detained docket. Sit in the hotel room, hearing's gonna take 3, 5, 7 years depending on what location you're on. If you, if you wanna exhaust all your appeals, maybe nine years, they overwhelmed the system because they knew it was gonna take years to get these people through the process. And what happens then? We're hoping for a democratic administration. Now I can award amnesty. They're playing the long game. They overwhelmed the system on purpose. They did not detain them on purpose. I mean, not only that, I mean, I don't know how true this is. I don't really believe anything in the media these days. But I mean, I've read something I don maybe a year ago or so about the BCP one, I think it's called the BCP one app, where they could go on claim asylum and then The U SG will send a plane down to get 'em and fly 'em under the country.


Is it, is that true? Was that Happening? Yeah, what the Biden administration did towards the end, they knew that immigration was a big issue on the election, right? So they tried to claim that border numbers are way down. Boy did we fix this problem, it's down 70%. No it wasn't. They created two programs on of thin air, call 'em legal pathways. They weren't legal pathways. The border numbers didn't really go down. They went down maybe 17% if you count all the programs they created. So what they did was, okay, we got millions of people come across the border illegally. So let's create the CBP one app. That same illegal alien population can simply go to an app, make an appointment, come to a port of entry. They're won't call that illegal entry.


Now, same population of the illegal, they're just bringing through the port of entry. Oh, this is illegal pathway. Thousands of people come to the port of entry, then they created the CHNB, Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, Venezuela. If you're from those four countries, we're gonna fly you straight into our airports. You don't have to go to the border, we'll fly you straight into our major airports in the United, in United States. 30,000 a month of those 30,000 a month. Yeah. Is this the shit that I saw at the, I would, I would be at the airport, you know, traveling, go wherever, and I would see these people get rushed up to the front of the line and there were always some type of, that's what that was Most likely. So they created A-C-H-N-V, they created a c BP one app bringing thousands of people with what they call legal pathways.


So if you add what they did through the CHNV in the CBP one at plus what the board patrol's still catching, the board numbers didn't going on that much. They lied to the American people. They kept saying the board was secure. Look at the numbers down. You just created two buckets that you call legal pathways. And border numbers aren't down. So they lied to American people over, they lied about the secure border. They lied that it is gonna take congressional action to fix the border. It only took a new president. And so again, I wake up every day at four years. Pissed off. I think I, I think the first morning I woke up not pissed off, was the, the, the night, the morning after the election, because I was, I was in Florida down at the event and Mar-a-Lago when the, when the, when the election came in.


And that next morning I woke up and I said, all right, things are about to change. Lives are about to be changed, saved. So that, that, that's probably the first day I woke up knowing that things are gonna change. But for four years, I, I just, I knew 'cause all my time I spent on that border, I knew what was happening every night. I knew when I laid my head in that pillow every night a child was gonna die. Women are being raped. Cartels are moving record amounts of drugs in this country. Sex trafficking is gonna skyrocket. And it did every night. I, I later knew what was happening. Maybe it's, you know, all the years I spent down there.


I take that personal 'cause of the tragedies I've seen. I don't wanna see ever stuff ever happen again.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for. And they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology in switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their a hundred percent US-based team can activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones in. One. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming internet on-the-go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot. And right now use the promo code SRS for a free month of service. When you sign up, switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Damn. How did you get approached to take Border Czar? Lemme go. The first time I worked President Trump, true story. I was the third in command ICE executive associate director for ERO enforce Removal Operations. And the time I spent there, we removed, I don't know, I over remain illegal aliens when I was there in that position for three years. But I never, after eight years of Barack Obama, It was Hillary Clinton versus President Trump.


I was convinced Hillary's gonna win. Convinced I think most America was, 'cause he was so far behind the post. So before the election announced my retirement. So I've had it after eight years. Obama, I'm not spending four years, I'm not gonna do it. So I got, I signed a contract with this company that paid me three times as much as I made for ice drag, you know, ice guy. So I signed a contract to announce my retirement. I gave him 120 days. I would leave in January right after, you know, the inauguration, well, my retirement party. Anyway, back up. So the election happened. So the next morning I wake up, I remember my wife saying, Trump won.


Now what you gonna do? Well I already, now it's my retirement. I already signed this contract. So I, I said I gotta go. I already already got these things lined up. So at my retirement party, a lot of people show up saddest day of my life. January, 2017. 'cause after over three decades of doing the job, I was, that was, that was my last day. And when you carry a badgeing gun, you do this job for so long, it becomes a big part of who you are. And I knew that day I was gonna leave that building and I'm time homeless civilian for the first time in 34 years. So at the end of that, at the end of the retirement ceremony, I was shaking hands with my wife and I get a, I got an emergency phone call from John Kelly who was assistant sec was the secretary of security.


So I took the phone call with John Kelly and he says, Dom, I know this is bad timing by the president. The president like you president, like you're staying right? The agency, which is gonna be a two step promotion. I said, sir, it is bad timing. I just retired. He goes, no, he didn't. Paperwork's on my desk. Hasn't been signed. So I said, well sir, all due respect, my family's been through an awful lot, multiple moves, death threats, protests on my home. I says, I gotta talk to my family about this. Plus I signed a contract with this company. I don dunno what my legal obligations are or not. This is a Friday. I said, can I have till Monday To, No, think about this.


He goes, certainly I remember what he said before I hung up. Goes, let me leave you with this thought, Tom. And I remember this word for it. He goes, Tom, the president of the United States is asking you A career law enforcement officer to serve your country a little bit longer. He needs your help. Tom, I'll call you Monday, oh 600. So on the way home, my wife asked me, what was the phone call about? And I told her, she looks at me. She goes, hell no. Not doing it. We've been through too much. I said, but it's p of the United States said, I don't care, been through too much. So after a weekend of fighting Sunday night, we were laying in bed and she asked me, what do you gonna do? I said, what do you think I'm going to do?


She goes, you're gonna do that, aren't you? I said, of course President of the United States said, ask me to help. I won't stay. And she, no, God love her. She said, okay, I'll support you on it. So the next day he called me up and said, what? Say you? I said, let's do it. So the next day I show up at the ice office through the amazement with hundreds of people who gave me great gifts. Friday thought I was leaving. And the first people I ran into in my office were ethics attorneys who had a list of all the gifts I got said, you gotta return all these gifts because these are all the employees. Now, again, I remember saying, there's a $500 gift certificate your wife got. We need that back. I said, look guys, she's already pissed. I said, let me write you a check for the $500.


I'm not gonna ask for tickets back. So they took all the gifts back, which is cool. And the next day I'm on Air Force won the president. That's the first time I've ever met the man. Wow. March. I asked him, what's, what's my marching? He says, do your job that you haven't been able to do for the last four years. Now I want you to do it. Go enforce law. So fast forward a second time, I'm actually out to dinner with my wife and my cell phone was sitting on the table and we were eating and all of a sudden the phone goes off. And she called it right away. POTUS came up, called her id. She goes, oh my God.


She goes, what's he want? So I excuse myself, went outside and President Trump, he made, you know, he, he asked me to come back, but done Back fast. Done. I woke up four years, pissed off. He mentioned that you've been, you've been bitching about it for four years. Wanna come back, fix it. He's damn right I do. So I took it, came back and sat down with her. Says, did you? Yeah. She goes, good, because you been pissed off every day. If you don't go back, then you're gonna be pissed off next four years.


You ain't go back and fix it. So, and God bless you's a hell of a pay cut. But I wake up every day like a kid in the candy store. 'cause I think President Trump's the greatest president of my lifetime as a border guy, an immigration guy. His pre, his Trump 45 unprecedented success. The most secure border we've ever had in my lifetime. Now the number's even better as we're talking right now, we got the most secure board in the history of this nation. President Duck Trump did in seven weeks what Joe Biden couldn't and wouldn't do in four years. Wow. And I got a great team I work with every day. You know, I know you've mentioned earlier I got the Man of Year award and Border Hero award.


But you need to know at both of those acceptance, I, I accept it in the honor of President Trump, he should be the man of the year. 'cause without him, we couldn't be doing what we're doing right now on the border. And I also took it honor with men and women, the border patrol and ice, who strap a gun to a hip every day, defend that border, and out the resting, the worst of worst. I'm just guy, the White House coming up with strategies and policies and, and, and putting out way I think things should be done. It's the men and women carrying a badge. And Gundry deserve that award. So I took it in their honor. And President Trump, I mean, again, the game changer. I worked with a team, you know, Steve Miller, the architect, Steve Miller's probably the most brilliant man I've ever met.


Like I'm loving that guy's smarter Now I work with the team and look at, look who, look at President Trump brought in. 'cause there's all of government on the border, all of government. We got DOD got DOJ, right? You got, you got Pete Hex f you got Pan Bondi, you got Cash Patel, you got Secretary Norm. You bring that weight onto this issue. And that's why the successes is the way it is. 'cause you got one hell of a team. That's the dream team, Man. You guys locked it down quick from my understanding And, and interior arrest, you know, we've arrested about three times more criminals in a few months than Joe Biden did a year.


But people always ask me if I'm happy with the numbers. I'm not happy. I'm, I'm happy that we got more hell of a lot more than Biden did. But we need to get much more, a lot more. Because we know there's like 700,000 illegal aliens or criminal convictions or criminal charges walking the streets of this country. We gotta get 'em. So we got a lot more work to do. Doing good. But it's not good enough yet. We'll get into all that. I, I, I want to get, I wanna talk about some of the stuff that has been coming through the border and, and how that happens and the, the motivation behind it and all the stuff that the cartels are in. And then, which is more of your, your, I think it's more of your previous life when you were, when you were a special agent.


I mean, so when you talk about these little girls getting raped coming across and, and little boys dying and they're getting locked in these, these conex boxes with no air and a hundred degree plus weather. I mean, where does this all initiate from? In what countries are using cartels to funnel 'em in Board patrol people under Joe Biden arrested people from 180 different countries. That's almost every country in the world. The whole world came to this country because they knew you could cross the border, get released within 24 hours, get a free plane ride to the city of your choice, get a free hotel room, three meals a day, free medical care, a hundred.


Actually I think it was 181 different countries. Are the cartels facilitating All of this? Oh, absolutely. Criminal cartels, like the, you know, ATIs go cartels, the new generation. Some of these cartels are in 45 countries around the world. They're in 45 countries. Yeah. Some, some of these, some of these criminal cartels. Absolutely. So, you know, like the Chinese record number, Chinese came across. There's no way tens of thousands of Chinese nationals left China and got to the United States without the coordination of a Chinese government. It doesn't happen. Chinese organized crime.


Same with Venezuela. But once you get to, you know, Mexico, the criminal cartels, can they have operation, they had operation control of the southern border. No one's crossing the southern border of the United States without plant paying the criminal cartels or plaza fees at a minimum. Because you, you, you go to their area of operation, you either pay their fees or they'll kill you. So they had operational control of the Southern board. Matter of fact, under Biden, I thought to numerous border patrol chiefs, who would tell you that we no longer have operational control of the southern border. The criminal cartels. Do they decide what's coming across when it's coming across, where it's coming across. I thought the one chief patrol agent who used the term to me, broken arrow, said, dude, that's pretty, that's over the top.


He goes, no, listen, I'm maybe catching 10% what's coming across that border. He goes, I am overwhelmed. Groups are coming across every day that I can't go. The 2.2 million getaways under Joe Biden, two, 2.2 million known getaways. These are people cap on video, drone traffic, central traffic, or two foot traffic that Bo Joe counted that they couldn't respond to because they're too busy changing diapers, making baby formula, making hospital runs, making airport runs. Dealing with that humanitarian crisis. 2.2 that we know about. Now there's areas of the border, like Big Bend sector, very mountainous region.


You could 500 people go to that area a day. You wouldn't even know about it because we didn't have the technology there. But 2.2 million people crossed the southern border weren't apprehended. 'cause border patrol was so busy dealing with it, this humanitarian crisis, who are they Now? I mentioned earlier they arrested 400 people on, on the no fly list. Terrorist was us, came across the border. You and I both know terrorists are training to evade law enforcement. So who are these 2.2? Why did 2.2 million people pay more to get away? Because we already talked about you pay two amounts of money to the cartel. You pay one amount of money to get to the border, you see a green uniform and turn yourself in.


Claim, asylum cartel's job ends at the border. But if you wanna get away, if you wanna get to New York without being processed or vetted or fingerprinted, you pay a lot more. So why did 2.2 million people pay more not to get a free airline ticket, not to get a free hotel room, not to get free meals, not to get free medical care and not to get work authorization. Why did 2.2 million people pay more not to take advantage of that giveaway program? 'cause they don't wanna be vetted. They don't wanna be fingerprinted. That scares the hell outta me. It scare the hell outta everybody. 2.2 million.


Yes. How does it work? How does it work if China's trying to get people smuggled under the country? I mean, how, or or Al-Qaeda or Taliban or Al-Shabaab. There's a lot. There's a, there's so many SM routes we can't cover 'em all right. So, You know, I guess what I'm asking is how do they get in touch with the cartels? Cartels? Are they they got, they got There, there, there are tentacles reaching to many major nations. It's like in Mexico, if you know Chinese, they deal with Chinese organized crime.


Who has connection to criminal cartels in Mexico or Central America. There's so many routes that, you know, somewhere else come through Canada. Not, not many, but there are a few that come through Canada. Most come through the southern border because you got over 2000 border there. You know, you just can't control it all. Some come up through the Darien gap. Some fly into Mexican Mexico City, the airport, depending, you know, a lot of Chinese fly straight into Mexico. It depends where you're coming from, what cartel you're dealing with. There's, there's so many different routes. Columbia, I mean there's, there's South America. Some, some make a maritime trip to South America, come up through the Darien gap.


Some fly straight into Mexico. It's just, there's, there's just so many routes. And that's one of the, the toughest job about securing a border. It's, it's, it's better almost to play the away game, to attack the cartels down south rather than to get to the border. And we, we've done that very well. I mean, during gap, thousands of people crossed the DAR gap. Yeah, the Biden administration said they're gonna shut it down. They never did. Is it shutting down? Now It's not shut down, but the traffic going south. Traffic on Daring Gap is, is southbound now. So human smuggling is a major financial component to the cartels. Oh yeah. That's why, that's why, that's why I saw the cartels in Mexico the last few years.


You know, there's a battle going on in Mexico. Cartels are fighting one another because they made record amounts of money. Not only drug smuggling, but Trafficking on women and children, you know, for forced labor or sex trafficking, smuggling of aliens. They're making more money than they ever made. So cartels started fighting each other for control of the plaza. Who owns this plaza? Trying. 'cause there's so much money being made. And that's one of the things, you know, I said from the beginning that President Trump will end up wiping the cartels off the face of the earth. And that's why I think he designated terrorist organizations because they've killed more Americans and every terrorist organization in the world combined through the drugs. And you know, what the cartels have done.


So now that we designated terrorist organizations and now that we shut down the pipeline at a 96% rate, we're hitting the more hurts in the pocketbook. I think, I'm hope I'm wrong, but I think you'll see the violence that escalating. So the border should not going go away. They're, they're gonna try to get their product through. And now we got DOD on the border along with border patrol agents. It's, I feel it's a matter of time before there's an armed encounter of some kind. How are they, how are they, how does the sex trafficking work? That's, that's just a big topic. That is, that's what I go to sleep thinking about all the time.


And I've covered it sometimes. Well, some sex trafficking is on the show. A lot of it. You know, you pay your smug feet, you owe the smuggling group. Let's say you owe 'em $10,000. You don't have the money. Okay, well you work for gonna get northbound. There's, there's various ways to do that's, this is one of the ways, if you get North bunk, you always, here's what you're gonna do. It pays back. Are you're not going to do it. Okay, well we know where your family is. We'll kill your family. We'll kill you. So a lot more forced in the sex slavery. Of course, children are just sold into it. They don't have a choice Here in the States. Absolutely. Absolutely. What does that Look like? I has already found children working in, in, in on ranches and in, in factories enforced labor.


I mean, we're, we're attacking trafficking really hard. The sad thing is that we're one of the biggest customers of it in the United States. Yeah. Either sex trafficking or the biggest or, or forced labor trafficking and some of the forced labor trafficking. They're never gonna pay the fee off. When I was, I was the head of the office in Dallas, some of the Asian massage parlors that we investigated had, you know, their passports were being kept from these women. They couldn't leave. They were locked in facility forcing the prostitution to pay off smuggling fees, which they'll never pay off. So, so a lot of, a lot of this, the, the trafficking forced labor and, and sex trafficking.


The, the alien doesn't even know what they're getting into when to get here. They're forced into it. Pay off cartels. And it's, and, and, and like I say, these cartels are ruthless. They know where your family is. They'll threaten your family. One of the most despicable things about losing control of the borders is it is the trafficking issue Under Joe Biden. It's estimated half a million children were trafficking in this country. Smuggling in this country that they released the so-called sponsors.


Sometimes his family, many times it's not. Again, go back. The secretary of HHS er, I saw him give a speech on stage, how quick they're releasing these people. We're releasing these people quickly. Of course you are, because all you care is about the optics of no overcrowding. Not a problem here. But they released so quickly proper vetting wasn't done. So you heard the media reports like 300,000 children that the Biden administration couldn't find, couldn't account for 'em. They, they called 'em for check-ins, weren't there when they tried to contact them, couldn't contact them. So Trump administration, we are actively looking to try to find these kids.


We already found some, but already found some in forced tra enforce labor. And, but it, it is difficult out of all things when President Trump, pardon me, says I want secure the border, run a deportation operation and find these kids border's pretty secure right Now. I most secure we ever had. Numbers are going, doing pretty good on deportation. But again, I gotta do more, a lot more. The kids are the toughest part. 'cause you gotta trying to find children and, and, and it is difficult to find children because you and I, we have a footprint, we have a digital footprint. You own a home, you own a car, you gotta pay bills, you got a credit card, we can find you, we can find me. We kids don't have that digital footprint.


So we gotta count on a digital footprint. Whatever sponsor they released them to. And through the whistleblowers, a THS, many these sponsors weren't fingerprinted, identification wasn't verified. They didn't do DNA testing. So now we gotta try to find kids who release the sponsors that don't wanna be found. Some of these sponsors have already sold the kid off somebody else. So this is the most, three things, three rails I'm involved in. This is the most difficult one. How does it work? How do, how are they selling kids? What's that marketplace? Where is it? Is it Online? It's, it's, you gotta be part of the inner circle. But you know, a lot, lot of us through the dark web lot us through the internet.


I mean they even, you know, not only for trafficking, you get job driving a load of alien aliens from the border on the internet. They're using all sorts of, they're using apps to do that. Whether it's Instagram or many. During the Biden administration, they were hiring college kids and high school kids to drive loads through an app. Social media, social media's a big tool use in all of this. Are the end, are Americans, the end consumer of this? Many times, like we, we've done investigations where, you know, illegal alien population Sometimes are, are the customers, but a lot of it's Americans.


And it's, it is sad that this country is, is a customer for that type of activity. Yeah. I remember when I was, 20 years ago, I was teaching a human trafficking course at the FBI Academy over in Budapest teaching The U eastern European countries, you know, how to look at human trafficking. So I'm giving this course and, and, and one of the members in the audience a border guard because there's like several languages being spoken. So what we had interpreters in there. He, he raise his hand, asked me a question. And the true story Lee says, how come you're here teaching us about human trafficking when the United States is the biggest consumer of it.


If you weren't the biggest consumer, you wouldn't need to be here training us, Man. Well, Tom, let's take a quick break. Come back. I want to get into some terrorism stuff.


As you've heard on my show before, there are bad guys out there who want to try to take us down. It's all they think about. And if you ask me, this could happen at any time, will it be terrorists, hackers? We don't know. I just think there's a possibility that something's coming. That's why I'm asking you to get prepared. And I'm making it easy. Go right now to prepare with sean.com and you'll see a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply for a hundred dollars off their three month kit provides 2000 calories a day. The amount most people need in an emergency, down to the calorie, they've studied survival and know what they're doing. If you're like me and want to help take control of your family's safety, this could be your chance. Go to prepare with sean.com and get $100 off a three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. Prepare with sean.com.


Spring is here. And while everybody else was hibernating, you were out there crushing your goals and getting after it. Now it's time to upgrade your gear. That's where ROKA comes in. Hit the road or get outside and performance eyewear that actually keeps up. They aren't just some flimsy shades that slide off your face and break. These are built for people with active lifestyles. They're grippy, they're durable, and they hold up no compromises, no cut corners. And Rocha is based in Austin, Texas. They look as good as they perform, which is pretty damn good. Their premium optics cut glare and keep things crystal clear. And the fit is second to none for comfort and longevity. Need prescription eyewear. Rocha offers both sunglasses and eyeglasses so you can ditch the contacts for good. I've been wearing their sunglasses that they sent me. And let me tell you, they deliver, they're comfortable, durable, and fit. Great. I love that they have a style for every occasion. It doesn't matter if I'm at the office or in the gym. Roca's eyewear works wherever I am. Ready to upgrade your eyewear. Check them out for yourself at ROKA dot com and USE CODE SRS for 20% off sitewide at checkout. That's ROKA dot com.


Alright Tom, we're back from the break. We just kind of covered human trafficking. I wanted to, you know, a big topic that we cover here is terrorism. And just from my former background and, and we've had former ca target or Sarah Adams come on here to talk a lot about who's here. She says there's at least a thousand different terrorists that have infiltrated the border. I was just wondering what kind of insight do you have on that? Well, we really don't know. I mean, the intelligence community has one number. Again, I go back to over 2 million God aways on the Joe Biden.


2 million people crossed the border and weren't vetted, weren't fingerprinted. And like I said earlier, criminal cartels in Mexico control the border. You don't cross the border without paying them off or, or working through them. So why did too many people pay more to get away? That scares the hell outta me. If you look at the numbers, you know, under, under Trump 45, I think we arrested in four years, we arrested a total of 13 people on terrorist watch list, 13 by administration. They'll get more than 13 a day some days. So, you know, on top of doing, you know, terrorist organizations.


But now, you know, as you know, president Trump just declared, you know, MS 13 and TDA turned to Iowa, Venezuela terrorist organizations. And I pushed for the criminal cartels to be designate terrorists. Again, wasn't my decision, but I've been talking about this for years. President Trump did it. I think it's the right thing to do. A lot of people say, well, how do you, how do you consider them terrorists, MS 13 and trend Iowa and the criminal cartels in Mexico because they've killed more Americans than any terrorist organization I know of by the thousands. Not only that, you know, these, these cartels in Mexico, they've killed thousands of journalists, prosecutors, judges.


I mean, they run Mexico. Anybody thinks anything different, you just, it's you, you're wrong. The criminal cartels in Mexico controlled that country. They, they, they did have operational control of their board and we took it away from them. Do you have any, do you have insight into the motivations that are happening? Not not just with cartel terrorism, but more traditional terrorism like stuff coming out of, you know, Al-Qaeda, ISIS Taliban, all of these different, Al-Shabaab, all these different, you know, I don't know what to call 'em. We'll just say more traditional type terrorists.


They wanna destroy this country. I mean, I'm not, I'm not a terrorism expert, but I I, I read enough intelligence reports. We know they're here. I said for a long time now, it doesn't matter when I think it's, if that's my opinion, I think a lot of people agree with me, 2 million God aways. If he arrested 400 trying to get in, no one's gonna convince me that I single on one of those 2 million God aways didn't come here and do us harm. We were already, I mean we were already shut down. Was it 800 to Stan not too long ago that were planning an inside attack.


Luckily the intelligence community got some chatter around that we're able to shut it down. We got a lot of unanswered questions. Biden administration. How about the two that entered through Chronicle Marine Base that has never been fully, you know, opened up to the American people, what exactly that was? Don't hear anything about it. We're looking into it now. But do I think there's terrorists that crossed during the Biden administration that's in this country right now? Absolutely. I'd be a fool to say. I didn't think so. Do you know how they're setting up at all? I do not within the country. I do not know. I can just tell you, when it comes to Chinese record amongst the Chinese nationals across the border, I've been around since 1984.


These numbers exploded under Biden. And I know there's no way tens of thousands of Chinese nationals came from China to United States. No way. They came about the cooperation of the Chinese government. Chinese organized crime just don't happen. Well, I think we all can agree to that. And, and what scares me more is why they, why are they here? That scares me. We know they're already setting up, you know, places outside of military basis. We, you know, we get, we don't have this spy bloom Corporate espionage. I mean, I, and, And, and the vast majority, it wasn't like family groups coming across.


These were many of'em. Most of 'em were, you know, military aged males. Which again, it's a, it is a real serious national securities. And so why they here, I think, you know, it's being investigated. We're looking into it and, and Hopefully we get some, you know, I'm sure things are being done. Intelligence community. I'm not involved in right now. But deep national security concern. I've said it many times, this open border was probably the biggest national security vulnerability this nation's ever seen. 'cause we don't know who came across and that over two main, that known God aways. And we're not even talking about the unknown God aways, places like Big Ben sector where we don't have technology. How many people across there that we don't know about?


How many people came maritime that got away? How many people came to Canada? Because our resources on Canada, under Joe Biden, we got very few resources in Canada border, the Canadian border anyways, right? But half of the border collisions on Canadian border were detailed to the southern border to deal with that mess. And the hat that remained on the Canadian border, most of them were sitting at a computer processing southern border, at instance, virtually. So there, practically no Lake patrol, river patrol road patrol on the northern border. So got help. What came through the Canadian border? We don't know about What other type of bad actors are coming. I mean, we've got, we got human smuggling slash sex trafficking.


We've got drugs. We've got regular cartel members who are embedding themselves into The U us local US governments. We have Chinese, which are conducting all kinds of corporate and defense espionage, setting up these huge Bitcoin scam camps. They're spying on our bases. They're, I mean, one of 'em was even producing power for, for a major military and base in Texas. And then what else do we have? And then we have, right, We have record number Russian as citizen of Russia. I didn't even Think about that. You know, a lot of these countries that are special interest countries.


We had record number, a number of people from those countries coming across. Not to mention the gangs, you know, trend Iowa and MS 13. A lot of gang members come to, you know, I remember during the, the, the Obama administration where these family groups are coming across. We knew that some of the members of these families weren't families were actually gang members. Administration took no action on it. And the President Trump, 45, his first four years, we did Operation Matador in up in Long Island, New York. We arrested just short of 500 gang members. Most of 'em is 13.


When we dig into, when we dig into the files, you know that 42% of 'em enter the country as a family member or UAC. So they'll infiltrate, they'll come in as, as a stage family member. They're not, they'll come in as UAC, 'cause UA UACs know up to 17, Which UAC On on, on a, on a couple alien child. The children come across. But vast majority UACs are 14 and 17. Wow. These are gang members posing. They could be 1920 POS at a 17-year-old. That happened a lot. Now it's not happening because the border shut down. But when we went and did this operation, 42% of these Entered.


Today's a, a child of a a family group, supposed family group that worked, or, or a UAC unaccompanied alien child. They weren't a child at all. They were an adult opposed as a child. But under, under Trump 45, we attacked it because we did DNA testing and make sure that family was actually a family. Biden administration stopped that. And that's why I think he saw skyrocket. And once they dropped, once they, they didn't vet the entire family, do the to sponsors and when, or Trump, we'd vet the entire family just not to sponsor anybody. Lived in a household. We vet when, when Biden came and shut those rules down. No more vetting of the people in the household. No more DNA testing, California skyrockets.


We didn't know who, who a child with, with a parent or not with a parent. And that's why we got 300,000 missing ones now. So it is, they relaxed the rules again, process quick, release, quick, less rules, faster the process goes. All they care about is the optics. And I guarantee there's children right now in this country by the thousands who wake up every day living a life of hell because they're living with a sponsor that's abusing them. Jeez. When these entities come across Chinese, traditional terrorists, cartel gangs, Russians, are they, were they grouped into, would it, would it be a caravan or a smuggling operation of just that entity?


Just Chinese. Just Russian, just Al-Qaeda, just MS 13 usually blended. They usually blended with another group. Sometimes you got solely Chinese come across as a group, but many times we're blended. The scariest thing about these countries, those these unfriendly countries, in my opinion is when Secretary Mayorca sits there and says, these people we released were vetted. They weren't vetted. You can call it vetting, but we know the vetting was a joke. We don't have you think the Chinese government's going to give us national security information or, or any information these nationals coming across? No, Russia, Turkey, Syria.


You think any of these countries gonna share? No, the car's not. And as far as coming to criminal data, we don't have access to other country criminal data. You think El Salvador was, and, and, and Honduras and Guatemala were, were, were, I don't even know if they have an NCIC database. Like we got, they weren't property vet. When, when, when they stood on, they said these people were vetted. What it usually meant was they were vetted through NCIC and Triple I state systems there. So unless they had a criminal history here, you know, that that's a, that that what the most done. Now those some they'll ve through terrorist screening database. But you and I both know, most terrorists in this world aren't in any database. Yeah. Unless they were part of a T three investigation or, or encountered on a battlefield or, you know, there's a lot of terrorists in this world.


There aren't, they're not in any database. So when they say they vetted these people, they vet 'em through a weak system. Well, on top of that, I mean, we act we did have a lot of, I mean, not with new ones, but we, we had a lot of intel. I mean, we used to use this thing called the hide system. You know, when, when I, when I was working over there, they would take a, a retina map or whatever, right? And, but when we put, when we withdrew from Afghanistan the way we did, we gave all of that up. Everything. And that proves what the vetting was, right? They said they vetted all the afghanistans they brought over here. D-O-D-I-G Inspector General said they weren't properly vetted.


But this administration lied about all the vetting procedures. How about the tunnels? Tunnels are big in California. We're starting to see some now in Arizona. We got some pretty good tunnel technology. But the more we find, the more they dig. But this administration upping, we got a lot of really smart companies, cutting edge companies that are coming to the table with tunnel technology. Some are pretty sophisticated. How, how do those work? Well, they'll simple. They'll, they'll dig the tunnel down in Mexico and it comes up usually now inside of a building, less attention.


They'll come up outside of a, like a, a corporate plaza. They'll come up inside of a warehouse or a building. There's some, I don't wanna discuss the technology guys. I don wanna show our hands. There's a lot of latest technology to help us find those tunnels. But we're finding many. But there's some, we, you know, like, again, as we shut down a tunnel, none of it is being dug. So it's a, it is a count a a cat mouse came on the tunnels. We shut down a lot of 'em. Some are very sophisticated. They're lighted and air conditioned. You know, you can take carts through there. Some of you gotta crawl through. And we just, they're using the, the, the wa the, the drainage pipes in El Paso.


They'll just go through a, a city drainage area. They use some of that sometimes. But we got that pretty much under control. But tunnel digging is, is is increasing just because the borders locked down. So again, the cartels aren't gonna go away. They're gonna think of another reason or another method to get in the United States. That's why maritime, we're seeing a maritime increase. Now a lot 'em are taken to, you know, to the Pacific or the Atlantic through the Caribbean or over San Diego. Some are taken pango boats as far as north as Laguna Neal. President Trump's got navy ship out, Navy ships out there patrolling. Now we got increased Coast Guard patrols and board patrols also got Maritimes increasing.


So we're trying, we adapt as the cartels move, you know, move their method of operation. We adapt pretty quickly. Who are some of the, have, have there been any key players that you've caught, like cartel leaders, ISIS leaders, terrorist leaders, sex trafficking leaders? Have you, have you caught any? We'll just call kingpins Quite a few. We got quite a few. MS 13 TDA leadership, FBI's taken as, you know, some significant terrorist leaders out. But when it comes to what I'm doing on, on, on immigration enforcement, we have taken out major command and control of TDA and MS 13.


But I won't be happy to, every single one of them has been, you know, removed from this country. But we've hurt TDA TDAs on the run. There's still some areas we need to attack. Problem is they got a foothold in sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities is hard because local law enforcement cannot work with us because the sanctuary city laws. So it's kind of like a cat and mouse game over there too. I mean, New York City, you know, TDA and MS 13 both have a huge presence there. Now we're we're, we just did an operation with N-Y-P-D-A month ago, I think three weeks ago I was over doing press counts. We indicted 27 members of TDA huge public safety win.


New York City became that much safer. But they're a sanctuary city. Well, I think we showed during that operation, if they'd worked with us, look at the great impact we'll have on public safety. And now, you know, you got the city council over there, sueing the mayor for working with us. The mayor wants to get us back in the Rikers Island to arrest a bad guy. And it's the right thing to do. Let us arrest a public safety threat and the safety and security of a jail. 'cause you release him. It puts the community at risk, puts our officer at risk, and now we gotta go find him on his turf where he has access to who knows what weapons. Right? So even though we show great success, what we can do together in New York City right away, the city council sues trying to prevent that type of cooperation.


Man, it's ridiculous. Sanctuary cities know, they, they sanctuary cities under Biden exploded. They did nothing about it. President Trump's taking action. Pam Bonnie's starting to file lawsuits against sanctuary cities. I'm, you know, I'm working with secretary. No, we're we're adding more resources, sanctuary cities, because that's where the problem is. They're knowingly releasing public safety threats back in the community. You know, I I, you know, I got, I got attacked by the left for making a speech at the, at at at one speech. But I was gonna go Boston, bring hell with me. I said, oh, how dare he threaten Boston. I wasn't have threaten Boston. I was threatening the criminal, illegal aliens in Bostons that raped children.


Before I gave that speech. I looked through a list of people we arrested over the past few months. I stopped at nine illegal aliens that raped children. And they'd rather release 'em back to the street than they call us once they get outta jail. So he damn right, I said I was gonna bring it, I'll bring hell to every illegal alien that commits a crime against a child over there. And we did. I went over there, I think in a matter of two days. We arrested several child predators, arrested numerous TDA members. Chicago, same thing Chicago mayor said I wasn't welcome to Chicago. Chicago's the first place I went after inauguration because I was told I wasn't welcome there. The very first place I went.


And the first day we were there, we arrested two illegal aliens that had a murder conviction, arrested. TDA members arrested child sex predators one day in Chicago. That city was that much safer, where they still refuse to work with us. So I've said sanctuary cities gonna get exactly what they don't want. More agents in the communities and more collateral arrest. Because right now the media's beating us up. Oh, you said you're gonna concentrate on public safety threats, national security threats. What a lot people you're arresting aren't criminals. Well, okay, where are they being arrested? They're being arrested in the sanctuary city. Why? Because you forced me into the community. If you let me in the jail, one agent can arrest one bad guy and the safety and security of a jail.


But you rather release that public safety threat back in the public, which puts the public harm, puts the agent in harm, puts the alien harm. 'cause anything can happen on the street arrest. Let me to jail. But when you force me in the community, we're gonna go to the community and we're gonna find that person. And when we find him, he's probably with others, others that may not be a criminal target in the country illegally ICE is gonna do their job and arrest that collateral. How do these sanctuary cities work? I mean, how, how are they harboring illegal immigration? How are they helping? Well, sanc my definition, sanctuary city don't give us access to the jail. They don't honor detainers.


I so they ri rather release the illegal alien public safety to our back community. Here's the, here's the justification. Well, we're a welcoming community. We're a sanctuary city. 'cause we want victims of witnesses of crime if they're in the country, illegal victim and witnesses of crime to feel comfortable coming to reporting that crime without fear that we're working with us. Because that's bullshit. We all know that. We don't wanna talk to the victim witness. We wanna talk to the guy that you locked in jail cell. That's who we wanna talk to. And I'm sure the victim and witness of a crime don't want the bad guy back out there either to take revenge on the victim witness of crime.


Give us a bad guy. Because I think if you went to immigrant community and asked him one question, would you rather have ice operating in the jail or your community? They don't gonna say the jail because the immigrant community, even the illegal am illegal immigrant community, Even though they're in the country illegally, many of 'em once they gear, are pretty law abiding. They're family people. They care about their families too. They don't want a predator in their neighborhood either. They don't want someone to arrest for DUI 10 times in their neighborhood either. So let us in the jail. You, you, you're the one that locked the guy in the jail cell apparently.


'cause he's a public safety threat. Why are you locking him up? Give us that access to that person. When you're done with 'em, give 'em to us. But stop telling the story that your sanctuary city can try and protect the witness, victims, the witnesses, the crime to come forward. The only reason they're gonna be afraid is 'cause of the message that lets is sending out that we're out there tearing up families and raiding neighborhoods. We don't raid neighborhoods. We don't sweep neighborhoods. Everybody we arrest is a target enforcement operation. When we go out on the streets, we know exactly who we're looking for. We're most likely we will find them. We even got, we have their full immigration history, full criminal history. We, we many times we know who's in the house. If there's children in the house, these officers spend a lot of time planning these operations.


It's not a sweep. We don't go to a neighborhood looking for people different than us. It's targeted enforcement operation. But the left keeps lying to the American people saying, we're sweeping neighborhoods, we're tearing families apart. We're out there. You know, just, you know, racial profiling. It's ridiculous. So this is very Intel Driven. Absolutely. Every every person will go arrest. There's a, there's a a few job sheet done on 'em that's be signed up by a supervisor. Now they're left out there saying, well now we're raiding schools and churches and, and hospitals. Because we did away with a sense of location policy. We did away the sensitive location. Policy recoveries, number one, we're the only law enforcement agency that had such a policy.


FBI don't have that policy. DEA don't have that policy. A TF. None of these federal agencies have a policy where you can't arrest somebody on a school ground or a hospital or someplace else. And why did we do away with it? Because there is no sanctuary under President Trump. There's no sanctuary for criminal aliens, public safety threats or national security threats in this country. It doesn't mean we're gonna raid a school. But if we have an MS 13 gang member that's a senior at this high school over here, and we've been looking for him, we can't find him. But all of a sudden we know that he's attending class here right now. Significant public safety threat. We're gonna go arrest that guy with the assistance of the local authorities.


Doesn't mean they're sweeping the school means we're taking one bad guy out and more than likely we're gonna wait for him to leave class. But the left takes it. Oh, they're gonna sweep schools, they're gonna sweep hospitals, they're gonna sweep, you know, churches. It's ridiculous. But if there's a national security threat attending mass right now that we've been looking for, we know he is right now in a, in a mass, we're gonna arrest him. There's no sanctuary for public safety threats or national security threats in this country under President Trump. So that's why. But again, the immediate takes that. So I'm reading the stories about, you know, teachers, you know, elementary school teachers, you know, teach their children to other school, school board members and other teachers how to defy ice if they show up for your school.


It's just a vilification. And we knew it was coming. The vilification of ice vilification of Trump, vilification of me. Which I, I don't care. I mean, I really don't care what people think about me because I know I'm doing the right thing. So you can hate on me all you want. Matter of fact, I get disappointed when I go an event. There's not protesters. I'm a little disappointed. I actually like protesters. But the media is not being factual with American people. And that's very, very irritating. It's, it's, it's an insult because they're hiding the truth.


Not the media just a couple weeks ago saying, we're remove, we're deporting less people in Joe Biden. Yeah. Why? 'cause the border is shut down. The border is secure. A lot of Biden removals, they're counting ice removals and border patrol removers together. You had millions of people coming across every year. Right? And they did remove a certain percentage of 'em. We could remove a hundred percent of the people we encounter. And Joe Biden could remove 5% of people. He count. He's still gonna beat us. The border was unsecured. You had 10.5 million people come across the border in, in 10 years. But if you look at ice arrest, their true deportation number, ice arrest, 5 million people we're killing them on, on ice deport.


But they won't say that. They, they, they fudge the numbers on purpose. It look like we're doing less than we're not. Ice is, is arresting and deported a lot more people. Under Joe Biden, you had 10.5 million people come to the border. Historic numbers every year, four years, every year is a historic number. He kept breaking his own record every year. Same time you have historic, illegal immigration. Southern border ice under Biden had the lowest numbers of removals, arrests that they arrested. Not border patrol. No lowest number of arrests were removed by ice in the history of the agency. At the same time he had unprecedented crossing on border. We've turned that around. We got the most secure border in, in the history of this country right now. Ice is arrested about three times more criminals than Biden.


Never thought arrest him. I mean, I remember You look at the numbers right now, Sean, an average day in Joe Biden 1800, God, when he said, you and I talked about every day, 1800 the other day we added 38, 1800 A day. We had 38 the other day. You look at the numbers, apprehensions a day. 10, 12,000 Biden many, many times. A few times you got to 15. But let's just take 10, 12,000. 'cause there were a lot of those days.


That's almost 800,000 a year. Of course. Yeah. Under Biden, what was the gallaway number the other day? 41. 41. Too many. I'll be happy with zero. 1,841. The number that impressed me the most is those they released into the country. So the first a hundred days under Trump, nine people were released from the border under Trump. Four of them were material witnesses. We need, we wanted them here to testify in a, in a serious criminal case. Four were extreme medical conditions.


We had to take 'em to a hospital or they're gonna die. You know, extreme medical conditions. We just can't deport somebody in, in a bad way like they can do it. Talk about being inhumane. And one was a discretionary release for humanitarian, humanitarian reasons. So out of those nine releases, one was really discretionary. Nine total. Same timeframe under buying a hundred days, 184,000 people were released into the United States. That's what President Trump has done for this border. Again, most secure border in the history of this nation today.


How are you, other than sending more agents, how are you dealing with these sanctuary cities? I mean, we saw, we saw a judge, was it Wisconsin that got arrested? What That from day one, the sanctuary cities and the governors, the mayors. And, and if you wanna support sanctuary cities, that's what you wanna do. Then go ahead. Just don't get in our way if you don't want, I would think every governor, every mayor 80 city council person, their number one responsibility is protection of their communities. I've already been clear and President Trump's been clear from day one.


We're we we're prioritizing public safety threats and national security threats. They should be shoulder to shoulder with us on this. But they're hatred for Trump. There's the poorest sanctuary cities and the politics. Putting politics over public safety means more to them. I wish they loved their communities more than they hate Trump. 'cause we can make a difference. But I've said from day one, you can support us. You can protest us. But if you cross, the line will seek prosecution. If you cross the line of impeding us, that's a felony.


If you knowingly harbor and conceal an illegal alien from us, that's a felony. If you interfere, we're gonna seek prosecution. And it's already happened to one judge, two judge am mayor was, what were they doing? Am mayor was arrested just this past few days. Newark And, and Newark because he was trespassing. We're not gonna tolerate it. We, we got Pam Bonde, powerful Attorney General right there. We got Cas Patel. I mean, we're simply not going to deal with it. You can not support us. You can, you can, you know, call us all the names you want and protest all you want.


But don't cross that line because we're gonna force the law. President Trump was elected by the American people overwhelmingly because of his, his stance on the border, securing the border and run this deportation operation. That is what we're going to do. We're gonna keep President Trump's promise to American people that vote him in office for this reason. And we're going to do it so you can stand aside and watch, but don't get in our way and don't cross the line. But it, it does it sanctuary cities. We need more people. So I what I've said sanctuary cities. We're going, we're going, we're going to flood the zone. How many sanctuary cities are there? Oh, I don't have a hundred. I mean I just saw literally yesterday that the mayor of Nashville is now gonna use tax paying dollars to harbor illegal aliens.


Well, you better not harboring and concealing illegal aliens of felony eight United States. United States Code 1324. You know my career, I've arrested US citizens for harboring an alien in the workplace for the homes. Why? Why are politicians any different? They Shouldn't. We're gonna force logs. Anybody crosses across that line. But what sanctuary cities' are going to get, we're gonna flood the zone. If I, you, if one agent can't arrest a bad guy in the jail, Now I gotta send the whole team, usually five or six guys to go arrest this person's five or six agents to arrest this person. 'cause who knows what weapons he has access to rest 'em at his turf.


So if I can't arrest 'em in the jail, safety and security of the jail, which is safe for everybody, then I gotta send the whole team in the neighborhood. If we can't arrest 'em at home, then we'll arrest him. My place of employment. So we're going to flood the zone with agents and communities. We're going to increase work site enforcement operations tenfold. We're going to get 'em. So sanctuary city is gonna get what they want. Don't want more agents in your communities. More collateral risk. Because when we find a bad guy, like I said before, we're gonna arrest anybody we find during, while we're looking for that guy, if we find illegal alien and, and exercise that o operation, they're gonna go too. Because under the last administration, they told us immigration officers who took an oath to enforce immigration law.


Mayor York has told ice, you can't arrest somebody for being here illegally. They have to be arrested for a serious crime. Convicted of a serious crime before you can take action. They rewrote immigration law. Well, no, the statute's clear. We told ice agents you will uphold the oath you took, you will enforce the laws. You took an and forest. So if you find an illegal alien while you're looking for that bad guy, take him into custody. So again, sanctuary cities. Everybody said, why are there so many collateral arrests? 'cause you forced me in the neighborhood. So we're gonna flood the zone. I, What has been the response of border patrol, law enforcement, ice?


I mean, I, Great question. Lemme tell you something. The last four years I've made a dozen trips to the border. I was a border patrol agent. So I go down there, just see what's going on. Most agents recognize me and they talk fri with me. They were miserable. They considered themselves Uber drivers, tourist agents. They weren't enforcing the law. Yeah, they were simply finding people. They, they arrested people across the border. I wanna say they arrested 'em. They took them, they detained them, they processed them and took 'em to an air, air airport or bus station or hand them over to n Jill who took 'em to an air airport or bus station.


They were arresting people who broke our laws into the country legally and sending 'em around their way. Children, they send an ORR and OR would deliver 'em to children, to the very people. Many times that arranged to have them smuggled in the United States. That's a felony. And, and Biden administration. We're delivering these children to the same people who paid to have 'em smuggled here. Now we're addressing that right now. We're gonna hold people accountable. But that's what was occurring. So the morale was in the toilet board. Patrol agents were quitting, retiring early, recruiting, they couldn't get recruiting done at all. Ice. Same thing last month under the board patrol, the highest recruiting numbers ever in the history of the agency, because people wanna be a part of this.


People wanna be a part about securing the nation, protecting our southern border. The recruiting numbers are through the roof morale's at an all time high. I mean, I would think it's at an all time high. I mean, I remember, I remember watching that the, the agent on horseback that they, they painted a mount to be whipping like he had a whip. And he was, and it turned out to be just the horse reins. I mean, they just knee capped these guys. I mean, when that Video law enforcement, when that video, when that video came out, I was sitting in my living room. Now I was board till agent. I know there was some engagement. I saw that video, I think. Okay. They did perfectly.


They performed perfectly. The horses performed perfectly. Just like the horses in New York City do crowd control the horses. They're trained very well. And these officers on those horses are masters of what they do. I watched that. I thought it was, well, these guys did a great job. The only people that did anything wrong in that video were the Haitian illegal aliens who entered country illegally, which is a crime by the way. And ignored commands from federal officer, which is a crime. But no one talked about the Haitians violating law that day. They talked about the agents whipping black people. You had the president of the United States stand at the White House podium and slander these men. You had the Secretary of Homeland Security slander these men from White House podium.


And to this day, they've never been apologized to. I said from day one, once the investigation cleared them, they didn't whip anybody. Was, was there any apologies? No. And these men's families were bullied and churches and schools, these, their crews would never be the same because now they got a record. And even after the investigation said they didn't whip anybody. They were trying to come up with some charges. Oh, you used a bad word, or you were too aggressive because they don't, they wanna embarrass the president and they had to come up with something. But the union got some good legal support fees agents. But it was, it was a travesty. Can you imagine being a GS 12 border patrol agent and going home that night from work when the president of the United States compared you to racists?


Man, I mean, these men and women put their lives on line for this country every day. Look, I've, in my career, I buried border patrol agents. I buried ice agents. The saddest thing I've ever had to do is hand the fold to flag to a, to a child or, or a surviving spouse. They tarnished the memory of every agent that they gave us that made the ultimate sacrifice that day. These men on the horseback did a fabulous job and never received an apology after, after, you know, thrown under the bus from the White House podium man, now, president Trump, he, he's, he's like me. He, he, he loves laboratory, loves us.


He has her six doing what we can to support him. And, but letting them do their jobs is, it is the best morale booster you could ever do. I just told you a few minutes ago, I wake up every day like a kid in the candy shop. Could we get to do the job that w that was, that I dealt with for four decades and can fix what the mess that Biden made you think Mar Morale's high. You'll see the morale. The men and women were actually making the difference. The ones are carrying the badgeing gun down there, their morale's at an all time high. I mean, this just bled into everyth every aspect of law enforcement. I mean so many friends that, that left law enforcement over the last four years, because they were telling me, Hey, you know, we'd pick these guys up. We'd, we'd, we'd, we'd pull 'em over.


They'd have drugs in the car, they'd be drunk, they'd be trafficking, whatever, whatever the crime was. And if they didn't have proper, proper documentation and they were illegal, then they had to let 'em go. And so many guys walked off the job just because they weren't, they weren't able to enforce the law. Is that still happening or is that, is that finished? It is Morales all time high. They're doing their job. President Trump gives 'em full support and enforce the laws and they're doing it. Matter of fact, prosecutions right now, the southern border are all time high. They're just not arresting legal land. They're prosecuting people. They're prosecuting people for illegal entry. They're prosecuting people for a felony reentry after a deportation.


They're prosecuting people for entering a, an army installation. They're prosecutions of smoking skyrocket. Now we're stepping up prosecutions on interior. You know, you got a lot of politicians out there, a lot of NGOs who say they're educating illegal aliens. They're constitutional rights. You don't have to open the door for ice. You don't have to answer questions. You don't have to provide documents. And I've been going at this for a couple months now, but I I what we're doing now, there's eight USC at 1253, I think that's the site.


You cannot hinder your own removal. If you have a order order removal from federal judge and you try to hinder that removal, that is a crime. We're gonna start prosecuting if you're for it. So then we'll put you in jail, prosecutor put you out, then we deport you. We're not playing games anymore. So we're out there. We're out there. Like I say, sanctuary is hitting them hard and we're going to hit him harder and we're going to keep coming The media. And he's leftist politicians and, and these activist judges. I to this day. I've never seen the activist judges. I see. Right now when you have a district court judge, district court judge, he has a district putting in nationwide injunctions across the entire nation, what we can and can't do.


Every time we, we, we, we make progress. Another judge says, you can't do it. There, there we're, we're in so much litigation right now. It's incredible. You know, they all want, well, there's a legal process, there's due process, but there was no legal process. They ignore the legal process and due process when they entered on legally, they use a legal process then. But all of a sudden now we're deporting people. Where's the legal process? Where's the due process? It's, it's, it's just, it, it the amount of lawsuit they've already filed against administration, it's just more than the last 10 years combined. It's just incredible the amount of lawsuits we're facing right now. We'll, we'll win 'em, but it slows us down.


And that's what their whole intention slow us down because we don't wanna ruin their long-term plans. Who these people may be someday. Well, you know, true to democratic voters. I mean, I've never seen anything like this in my career. I mean, with 10.5 million illegal immigrants that have come across the border within the last four years, and then you come in to clean that up, where do you even begin? Well, president Trump made it clear goal for public safety threats, national security threats first. And that's what we've been doing. But again, the collateral numbers are increasing 'cause the sanctuary cities. But it's hard. It is hard job. I can't tell you ex everything we do to find these people 'cause law enforcement's sensitive.


But like I said earlier, a lot of people have a footprint that makes it went away. But we, there's a lot of smart technology out there to help us find people. But sanctuary cities are hard. What agencies? 'cause these people are actually in custody at one point. We know who they are because here's what people don't understand. If you get arrested tonight, you are gonna get fingerprinted and those fingerprints go to NCIC check for your criminal history. Well, they also bounce against DHS databases. So we know for a fact John Ryan just got arrested.


He's sitting in Smith County jail right now. That was a long time ago. So then we get bumped back because we got immigration record. Hey, this guy who has a, a warrant, a deportation or this guy we deported before it is sitting in this jail right now. So we issue detainer, say, Hey, we want that guy when you're done with him. So we know where they're at. But when Sanctuary City release 'em now in the community, now we gotta go find them. So it's very hard work, but there's a lot of smart technology out there right now to help us find these people. But it's not a hundred percent. I mean, many times, you know, we go out, look for and they move, they change their name and, and you know, it's just, it's, it's, it is a lot of hard work.


But I guess my point is, when people see us out there, we're not just, we're not sweeping anything. We have a, we spend a lot of time and effort looking at these people and, and building a file on these people. So we increase the chance that we actually find this guy and arrest him. It's, it is not a, it is not a simple process. It's, it's a small, a, a long drawn out process, but it'd be so much more efficient if you just give us a bad guy in the jail that will save thousands and thousands of hours of investigative work. It makes the community safer. Releasing a public safety threat back into the public when you don't have to. It is just stupid. It, it just defies common sense.


Did you know fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in The U US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers, fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape and learn how to care for them. I've learned so much in the plants they sent me look amazing. I'm ordering oak trees to plant at my new studio and I can't wait to show you this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code SRS at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com using the code SRS at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


If you are a homeowner, you need to listen to this. When's the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house. If you're like me, the answer is never. The problem is in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county and boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. That's why you need to stop what you're doing and find out today if you're already a victim. Use promo code ss@hometitlelock.com to make sure your title is in your name. You'll also get a free title history report, plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock production. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Go to home title lock.com. Now use promo code SRS, that's home title lock.com promo code SRS.


If you locked him in the jail cell, why not give 'em to us when you're done with 'em and you got sheriff's out there, well, we can't honor detain him. We can't hold 'em for 48 hours on your on, on your word because there's some legal precedent that can't be done and we don't not hold'em for 40 hours. Why don't you call us before you release 'em. We'll be there. You don't have to hold 'em a minute, pat. You would normally hold 'em. Just let us know when you're release 'em. We'll be there. It's about public safety and I've called sheriffs who refused to cooperate with us. I think they forgot what it's like being a law enforcement officer and became a politician. It's it just Mayor Adams.


You know, I beat Mayor Adams up for three years about he, he was a career cop that became a mayor and forgot what it was like to be a cop. And his cops were being beat up by illegal aliens and he still wasn't assisting with ice. Then I went up, met with him a few times, you know, through the election process and AB election. And for the first time I sat dumb, I saw the cop come out of him and he says, you know what? You're right, public safety threats. We should be shoulder to shoulder. I need to get you in Rikers Island. You arrested bad guy in Rikers Island rather than being released back to the street to New York. So we got him to the table, he's doing the right thing and the city council sues him for working with me or working with us. It's just incredible.


How many agencies are collaborating with you guys to get this done Right now, the nationwide interior enforcement operation, president Trump has a whole of government approach. First time ever. It's, it is amazing. We got, okay, we've got ice, which is HSI and EIO Enforcement, Removal Operations. We got the DEA, you got the FBI, you got a TF, you got The US Marshals, you got the State Department. I think the postal inspectors are coming on, but for sure it is. It is all the d OJ agencies. And what's great about it, We arrest the illegal alien target and he has dope DA's right there.


You can prosecute him before we deport him. If, you know, he got a gun, got a TF right there, prosecute him illegal and in possession of firearm 9 22 G felony prosecute him, then we deport him. It's great. Plus they have their own intelligence, right? Das DA has a lot, numerous investigations that include that involved foreign nationals. So they're sharing intelligence with us. FBI, same thing. Numerous investigations of, of foreign nationals. All of our intelligence, our databases collide with one. We all go out there working and it's, it is the, it is been amazing. President Trump's a game changer putting DOD on the border with us, Pete, Seth said it best that we spent decades defending other nation's borders.


Now we're defending ours. I want to get to the, to the actual border here in a bit. But when it comes to the economy, and I'm just curious to hear your thoughts here. There's, there's such a big sector of the economy that relies on cheap labor, illegal immigration, home builders, commercial builders, landscaping, just about all the, all the, the blue collar jobs. And that, and that sector seem to be illegal immigrants.


And so I'm I'm sure because of the mass deportations that the, you know, the prices are gonna rise. And something that I hear a lot of are, are business owners that are that, that they're trying to, they're trying to get their workforce legal and put 'em through that system and they're, they're not able to do it. Is there any, or do you think there should be any type of program to fast track people that are just here to work? It keeps business flowing, keeps prices a little bit less than what they would be.


I mean, is there any type of program where, where construction types can get their workforce legalized? Well, first of all, lemme tell you my thoughts, after doing this for four years, my opinion is most people don't hire an illegal alien of the goodness. Their heart. They hire 'em because I work 'em harder, pay 'em less, undercut their competition, whoever, just citizen employees. I'll give you one example. I put a new roof in my house several years ago. I had to call five different companies, five or six, think five until I got a company to guarantee me a legal workforce. We had a lot of people come and gimme bids.


One guy showed up, it was him and his son. They're hoping they could just do a repair and I'll do the whole roof. I said, I'll need the whole roof. He told me he had 20 US citizen employees, they put on a roof at 15, 20 bucks an hour. But he couldn't win a bid because the other companies aren't. He'd go, aliens put 'em on the roof for five, $7 an hour. Ridiculous wages. He couldn't win a bid. So what did he do? He laid off 20 citizen, 20 citizen employees and him and son just doing repairs. That happens a thousand times across this country every day because you undercut your competition as US citizen and, and illegal employment drives down wages.


That's proven. So with that, I can tell you that it will have an impact in some industries, especially now that we're doing work site enforcement operations. But Biden administration shut down work site enforcement operations at the same time. We had the biggest human trafficking crisis in the history of this nation. Where do we find most victims of trafficking workforce operations? And like I said, where do we find a lot of bad guys? If we can't arrest 'em in the jail at their job, we can't arrest 'em home. We arrest 'em in the job. So we're doing work enforcement operations. Well, there's, there's some industries that really rely on 'em. And I think President Trump made it clear just a few weeks ago that farm workers, he wants to, you know, increased increase the program that allows more people to come to this country to work on pharmacists.


H two a, H two B program. Congress needs to make a fix. What what needs to happen is Department of Labor needs to ascertain if there's truly a need for that employment to make sure there's not US citizens willing to take those jobs. So Congress has a role here. I think President Trump's looking at the, the, this, that sector to try to provide help. So it is a common sense approach and that's why I think he's concentrated on public safety threats, national security threats first, why they work out some of these other plans. But under Trump 45, he put an immigration plan on the table that based immigration in this country, based on merit, what they can bring to this country as far as work.


Also, he, but he still kept mom's, dad, sons and daughters in there and family. It was a great plan. I I was involved and looked at it. Parts I didn't weren't involved. I looked at what happened. Congress didn't bring it up. Why? Because the plan required money for a wall. He had a fix for daca, got shut down by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Why? Because there was money up for the wall. So President Trump, again, is putting things on the table, I think would be bene very beneficial. If there's a need for that employment, then we, we should have those employees. But it has to go through a process. Make sure we're not displacing us citizen employees.


Lot of high tech jobs like going to outside companies from foreign nations. Don't tell me there's not enough US citizen employees take those high tech jobs. We could paying jobs. There just needs to be a process. But Trump, president Trump started the other day talking about farm workers. We need to really pay attention on farms because there is a need, the need for more employment on farms. But it needs, they need to go through the legal process. And there's a legal process could be improved where there's a legal process, H two a program. You can bring farm workers in a seasonal basis to come and, you know, for instance, pick crops during the season, then go back home when they're done with the season. So there's some more work to do in that. But that's why I think President Trump's concentrating on the criminals right now.


Would you, would you like to see, would you like to see the red tape ease up a little bit when it comes to doing something like this? Of course, Congress is, Congress can fix a lot of things. This I told you earlier, there's three laws they could fix right now that will solve 85% of, of the border problem. That way every administration that comes in doesn't have to undo it. What the other one did. What Law are those laws? Trafficking victims act as we talked about the asylum rules and the Florida Settlement Agreement. Let us detained families and residential center, those three rules alone. Well, Congress can't seem to get anything done. I mean funding right now, I mean, we're doing great work, but with more money we could do more.


I mentioned 700,000 illegal aliens with some sort of criminal history. Either, either convicted or pending criminal charges with more money. We could put more teams out there. Everybody we arrest to deport. We need a bed for, we need more beds. So Congress needs to fund what I call mandate for the American people that put him in office to do Congress needs to fund us. And it's the same old budgeting process right under Trump 45. Trump tried to do the right thing. The first two years he had the House and Senate. A lot of things couldn't get done because there's some Republicans on the hill and never, Trumpers didn't wanna do the right thing. So I don't have a lot of faith in them. I'm hoping they learned a lesson.


Now that we have the House and Senate right now, we got two years to make a difference. 'cause who knows what's gonna happen in two years. You never count on anything. But Congress needs to step up. A lot of these problems could be solved by Congress. But until then, president Trump has stepped up again, the game changer. He's issued a series of executive orders that gave us the most secure border in the history of this nation right now that's given us more criminal arrest in the interior, then Biden never did. So we're doing really good, but with more money, we can do more and do it quicker. Congress got a lot of things they could address When it comes to the deportations. I mean, there's a very controversial case with the, the El Salvadorian guy who, he was a El Salvadorian citizen, correct?


Yes. What what is the controversy there? The controversy is during his immigration proceedings, he had a, he had an order from a judge that he couldn't be removed to El Salvador because he showed a fear of his safety from a gang that was in El Salvador. He hadn't order withholding. However, he had two orders of deportation. Now, people say it was a mistake. I'd call it maybe an oversight because even though there's withholding order in there, the facts of that withholding order, the facts that justified the withholding order have changed.


For instance, that gang he was afraid of no longer exists in El Salvador. Oh, that's interesting. Second thing, 'cause President Bouley like him or loving him, he, he, that's one of the safest nations in the region right now. What he did, he, he, he obliterated MS 13 in his nation. The second thing that changed, the fact that changed is now he's a designated terrorist. 'cause he's a verified member of MS 13. So things changed since the, remember number one, now he's a designated terrorist. And two, the, the fear he has no longer exists. So, and here, here's what's going to here. Here's what the best that could ever happen for him. Let's say he came back, he's gonna be immediately detained and deported it again because there's deported.


He'd been already deported by two different judges. They said he didn't have due process. He, he had all, he, he's been ordered, removed by two different judges. He had his due process. So way I see it. He's home. He's a citizen, a national Val Salvador. He is home. And, and bu Kelly can do what he wants. Like I, I won't get in the weeds of, you know, 'cause it's under litigation, but I think we removed the public safety threat, human trafficker, Wife beater, designated terrorists from this country. This country's safer because he's no longer here. And we'll let the DOJ king continue to litigate it. But President Trump, again, committed to removing the worst of the worst.


And that's what we did. And he was an El Salvadorian citizen. Absolutely. And he was verified. MS 13 Verified by numerous sources, not only ice, but by a police agency gang unit judge recognized it. And Mr. Even, even El Salvadorian rec recognized him as him as a 13 member. So, you know, and plus now truth's coming out, right? Video of him trafficking, smuggling a wife filing protection order because he, you know, assaulting her. It, it's unfortunate that Senator Van Holland and others flew down there to, to cuddle with him.


At the same time he had us citizen parents in his state of Maryland who buried their children 'cause their children were murdered and raped by a TDA member, a MS 13 member. I would think a US citizen would be more concerned with his US citizen constituency who buried their children more than a designated terrorist public safety threat. White beater, illegal alien. But that's, that's where we're at in today. We're, we're putting politics over public safety, politics over common sense. Man, Mary need news. You know, news reports, how we're reporting us citizen children.


We can't legally deport any US citizen. What happened in those cases? They said we deported US citizen children. No, we didn't. The parent was already deported. The parent has a decision to make. Do I take my child with me? Do I leave him here with a spouse or another relative? That's parenting 1 0 1. The mother chose to take her child with her, her choice. If we didn't do it, then the story would be we're separating families. You can't win. Well, that's, you go back to this day. They still, you know, they refer me as the, the Godfather family separation, right? 'cause I was ICE director.


We did zero tolerance where families were separated. And lemme explain why we did that. Numbers were increasing families. So we said, all right, let's start prosecuting the parent who brings your child through this dangerous journey, prosecuting 'em for illegal entry, which is a crime. Maybe we prosecute them and put 'em in jail. They'll stop sneaking in the country through the cartels and putting their children in harm's way. Maybe it'll decrease the amount of rapes we see down there. Maybe less children would die. So we decided to do zero tolerance. Zero tolerance was done to save lives, decrease sexual assaults made per, you know, and as a cop, law enforcement used zero tolerance across this country all the time.


July 4th weekend, zero tolerance in DUI zero tolerance and prostitution in the city. Lot law enforcement use zero tolerance. But let's try zero tolerance. Maybe we save some lives, maybe less. Women get raped. However, when you prosecute that parent, they're gonna be separated from the child. A child can't go to jail with a parent. Now that happens. Us citizens, families across this country every day, thousands of times. When I was a cop in New York, I separated families. I arrested a father for DUII had a child in the car. Guess what they got set. Child father went to jail. And many times the child would go to CPS if it wasn't somebody to take care of him. Domestic violence. I separated that family. I a cop while I went to jail, separated from his kids.


Us citizen families get separated every day by law enforcement. It's sad, it's unfortunate, but necessary. So we did zero tolerance. The whole focus of zero tolerance in my mind was less rapes, less people dying, less children put in harm's way. And it worked. Zero to border crossings dropped. So holman's racists is, is cruel 'cause he separated families. That's why we did it. Now you got 500,000 children who are smoking in this country, away from their families, putting the hands of criminal cartels. So that's the family separation right there.


If I left my kid in the car for half hour, went and got groceries, I'd be arrested. If I left my dog in my car during summertime, I'd get arrested. But 500,000 children were put in the hands of criminal cartels separated from their families. No one talks about that. They still wanna talk about zero tolerance or no one talks about these half a million kids, 300,000. They can't find 300,000 kids. They can't find, They don't wanna talk about that. They wanna keep talking about Trump's zero. Thomas for, I think, you know, 25 3000 separations. They didn't wanna talk about the hundreds of angels and moms, angel moms and dad that I personally met and talked to who buried their children because their children was, were raped and murdered by a cartel.


Or just simply killed by an illegal alien that shouldn't be in this country. That's a, that's a separation. 'cause they buried their children. Their, their children are six foot under. No one wants to talk about that. The left keeps talking about zero thousand. How in inhumane the Trump policies were. But they ignore half a million kids, 300,000 missing. And us citizen parents who bury their children like the case of Lake and Riley. I, I can say her name, a hundred, a hundred cases like that. They don't wanna talk about that. And this Senator Van Hoen goes down there to protect the MS 13 gamer while a mother of five was beat, raped, and murdered in his state.


Did he ever go meet with her politics over public safety, politics over common sense? Again, I'll say it. They need to love this country. They need to love their communities more than they hate President Trump. It just don't make sense. As, as a kid that grew up in law enforcement community, I cannot believe where we're at the nation right now. President Trump is doing the right thing every day. Look, I I, I spent so much time with the president, whether it's in the Oval Office, air Force, one outside events.


People can hate him all. They want this man loves this country. He's doing the right thing for this country. The, the America we grew up in the America. I grew up in West Carthridge, New York, a plaque. And I reports that's America. He wants back securing the border, save lives. He has a little immigration on 96% studies have been done that women will make that journey get sexually. 31% of women get sexually assaulted the, when President Trump has illegal immigration down 96%. When 96% less people are coming. How many women aren't being raped? How many children aren't dying? How many Americans aren't dying from drug overdoses though?


Fentanyl trumps across that border? How many women and children aren't sex trafficked? How many members of CE watch list or no fly lists aren't coming across that border? Even the wall saves lives. People say Trump's family. Well, no. Every place they built a border barrier. Illegal immigration went down, illegal drug flow went down every place they put a border barrier. Mo what the most important thing about a border barrier. No one talks about it saves lives. 'cause the most vulnerable, the women and children can't get over that wall, which means they're going do a place where there's not a wall. And what's waiting on 'em, the men and women, the border patrol, who's gonna deal with that humanitarian issue right now?


'cause a lot of 'em are in bad shape when they find them. Wall saves lives. So when 96% less people coming in, how many lives are being saved every day in southwest border, president Trump's saving thousands of lives. The secure border saves lives. And that's what the President Trump has done. And the left will give zero credit for. How, how did you come in and secure that border so fast? We got a great president, president Trump during his first speech at the Capitol, when he says, you didn't need new laws, you didn't need Congress, you need a new president. He was exactly right because on Trump 45, he was a game changer. Right? He created the Remain in Mexico program.


He had the third safe country agreements. He stopped end to catch and release. So we, I knew when he came back in office, we know where to start. 'cause we already approved these policies worked. So what he, he, he immediately wrote a series of executive orders, you know, and all, a lot many the same, many new ones. And like I said, in seven weeks where that board at highest flow ever. Even more now, I mean, I think in seven weeks had it down like over 90%. Now we're at 96%. Yeah. And the numbers are extraordinary. 'cause because what he came up with in his first administration proved it worked.


That's why I pushed back against him. The bill that the, the Congress had that said that President Trump didn't want the Board of Bills signed. 'cause he wanted this to be election issue. That is such bullshit that Bill would not have worked because it was, it was gonna allow, you know, five, four to 5,000 a day until they take action. You know, doing the math. That's 1.8 million a year. We're okay with that? No, we're not. We shouldn't be okay with one. And didn't address the sex trafficking or the, or the child trafficking. The bill was terrible. There was a bill called HR two that the Republicans came up with and the Senate wouldn't even take it up for debate.


So the bill that everybody talks about, the President Trump shut down. I hope he did. That was against it. I said it won't work. I said, why, why would we want to take a risk outta the bill that we know won't work? And we know the secret, secret recipe is, is what Trump did in Trump 45, which HR two, the bill I was talking about that the Senate wouldn't even bring up that had most of Trump's plans in it. We know that worked. Why would you argue against known success? Well, here's what they did. They put some, this, this, this terrible bill up. Had a couple of people in Republican party support it for reason. I don't understand. They thought something was better than nothing maybe. But they came up with a bill, the last of the administration trying to show they cared about the border.


What they did. They, they, it was a setup. Let's get a couple Republicans agree to this, it'll never pass. We know it'll never pass. Then we say, Republicans shut down border security. They didn't want to fix it. They didn't sign this bill. President didn't support it. He didn't want it fixed. He wanted to be an election issue. That was a bunch of crap. The bill wouldn't have worked. It would've made things worse. And I've done this so long, I've done it longer. Anybody up on the hill that was involved in writing this? Bill's been involved. It was a setup. Let's, let's set a bill up. We know it never passed them. We put the blame on them for not passing the bill. That was their game plan. They tried it. But President Trump came back in. He did what he had to do and we fixed it again, most secure board Everett right now.


So it sounds like he basically just said, Tom, take the gloves off. What secure the border. What did you do? What did you do to fix it? The biggest game changer in securing the border was President Trump and the executive borders. They're, they're huge, big game changers. But we, we basically went down the same road we did before know we, and, and we added a few other things to it. Like the Alien Emmy Act. We use every tool in the toolbox. Every, every statute we could, every angle we could of existing laws, these existing statues, existing acts to secure that border. We, we rather making a border patrol problem or an ice problem.


We made all a government problem. The game changer, president Trump, the game changer was the men and women ice and the men and women with border patrol that actually did it. Got, got took construction, got it done. They're the heroes in all this. I mean, just a guy sitting in the, the, the White House helping develop the strategies and always people like Steve Miller and others, but President Trump, his eos were a game changer from day one. You know, remain in Mexico a game changer. It's probably out of all the policies, the last two administrations, Trump administration, that that's the biggest game changer. You can still claim asylum. You have that right? But you're gonna wait in Mexico because we know nine out 10 of you will lose and get order removal.


Now we don't have to go find you. And releasing people in the United States just is an enticement people to come. When you longer get released in the United States, if you're not a really escaping fear and persecution, you're not willing to give you life savings to the criminal cartels to lose your case. If you really are escaping fear and persecution from your home government, then you, you're willing to put up with that. So, you know, here's a, here's a sad thing where, where the left is still saying, you know, these people are asylum seekers. They have a right to due process. They have a right to claim asylum. Okay? And nine out of 10 been order removed and you don't want 'em removed.


Due process doesn't mean squat. If at the end of due process, the judge's order isn't executed. And that's why the, the hate right now, the, the talk of a massive deportation operation is racist. What a terrible thing to do. No, it's not. On the end of historic illegal immigration crisis with 10.5 million, that, and that's a low number, came to the center. That's what we know about tens of millions of people come to the border. You demand due process and we give 'em that due process and a judge orders 'em removed and we don't remove them. Then what the hell are we doing? Shut down. Immigration court doesn't mean anything anymore. Take the border patrol off the border. 'cause there's no consequence.


No due process doesn't mean squat. If the final decision of the court isn't executed, and if the message we wanna send to the whole world, enter the country, legally it's a crime. Thousands of people die making the journey show up in court, or don't show up in court, get order removed. But don't worry, no one's looking for, you don't have to be removed. You're never gonna solve the problem. You can't demand due processing. Ignore the end. So that's exactly what we're doing. People who've been order deported, they need to go home. But we're asking, if you're in the country league, go on your own. Go on a CBP home app now sign up, we'll help you get home. We'll give you an airline ticket, put some cash in your pocket, go home.


It'd be a huge cost savings to American taxpayer. That way you can come back maybe in the future, future on our legal program. Maybe as a visitor, maybe as a student, maybe you have a US citizen child that can petition for you someday ailing relative. But if we have to go search for you and go through the whole process of having you formally deported, there's certain bars placed on your statutorily anywhere from five to 20 years. You can't come back, leave on your own, Get your affairs in order, work with ice and leave it on your own. And that's what President Trump, you know, how is that inhumane? We, we, president Trump's offering different ways to get this done, but the answer is, you can't stay here.


If you're in the country legally, you've had your due process, it's time to leave. We can't send a message that our process means nothing. Our laws mean nothing. I would imagine you're getting a lot of pushback from cartels. I mean, I get a lot of Very much disrupting their financials with human trafficking, with drug trafficking, with anything else that's coming in. I mean, how is, what kind of, what kind of hurdles are you facing from cartels down there? Well, The cartels are trying to, you know, they, they're going to change their method. Operating. They're going, they're going, they wanna get their product in here somehow. So I said earlier, you know, Maritime's increasing, they're be tunnels.


They'll come through Canada, you know, again, we're on top of that. I think that's why President Trump is, is, is forcing Canada to do more, to secure their southern border, our northern border. And, and, and they're, they're stepping up some ways like president wants more out of them. But addressing how the cartels changed their method of operation. It's, it's important. Are you seeing a lot of drone activity with product coming over? Yes. Yeah. How are you guys drone activity's picking up and there's, but there's a lot of technology. DOD has some great technology along with, there's a lot of companies out there at the table now with great drone technology to address that threat. There was some intelligent reports saying they're gonna deliver explosives and drones and try to harm us If that was ever to happen.


All hell's gonna break loose because President Trump will not tolerate it. Are you guys, I said from day one, he will wipe him off the face the earth. And he will, he's already trying to talk to Mexico. Let us take the cartels out together. I think you and I both know that it's gonna take me, it is gonna take a, the United States, it is gonna take this country. Whether special forces or intelligence or special, whatever it is. They're not gonna do it without, they can't. Mexico has failed for decades to take out the cartels. It's gonna take leadership from the United States. I hope Mexico comes to the table and 'cause President Trump want, wants to wipe 'em off, face the earth like he did at Cali Fame. I mean, he wants to do the right thing. I hope Mexico steps up and lets us do it because that's, that's the only way it's gonna get done in my opinion.


Are you guys utilizing companies? Are you familiar with ris? No, I'm not. Ris is that anti drone? I can tell you that numerous drone operators have contacted me about helping on the border and I send them over to CBP custom border operations. I, I don't deal with contracts, but I send 'em over to the right people. I know they talked to a lot of people. They got some great technology down there. Now, again, as we get more budget from Congress, we can do more of that. But there's a lot of great companies out there that has great technology. I've said it from day one. We could not do what we do as a whole. The government without smart contract personnel.


It's like our detention operations. Our contract companies do it better than we've ever done it. They do it cheaper, they do it better. Those ice strikes. My most expensive beds were the ones that we owned federal. The government doesn't does anything very cheap. So there's a lot of smart companies out there coming to the table. Of course, you know, the left will say, well, there are prisons for hire, prisons for profit. There isn't a company out there that doesn't work for the government for a profit. I mean, come, you know, if that's the case, then shut McDonald Douglas. You know, they, every company makes a profit dealing with the United States, but they, they provide a service we need. But I can tell you there's a lot of high tech companies. It seems like technology improves every over month. Great drone technology, great tunnel technology, helping us find people that don't wanna be found.


Great AI generated stuff. There's a lot of stuff out there that a lot of companies are coming to the table wanting to help. So, and we welcome all of it. Yeah, I mean like just Epes for example. I mean they, it's a, it's a directed EMP pulse that takes a hundred drones out at once. If, if cartel were to utilize that. And so I was just wondering if you're putting, if you're implementing that technology along the border, unmanned vehicles, the emus energy wave weapon to take out drones, all that kind of stuff. How is, how is DOD integrating with border patrol on the border?


It's been fantastic. They're doing a lot of intelligence back and forth. They do, they do, they do a lot of things that doesn't require immigration authority, a badging gun. We've done 2 87 G with National Guard on the interior. My goal was, and the White House goal is we need as many Title eight immigration enforcement officers with a badge and gun, many of them on the street or on the line as possible. We don't want 'em sitting there doing intelligence. We don't, 'em sit there, you know, building infrastructure or transportation, put the badge and guns where they're needed the most and bring other people in the other. I went down El Paso watch DOD down there in action.


They're doing, they're doing a lot of the intelligence. They're, they, they got great capability of town where the groups are crossing, where they're coming to where they and war truck respond immediately to 'em. They do a lot of, they're on the radar technology, their camera technology. They basically call out to, to us, okay, you got a group coming here or there. It just saves our resources because rather than our guy operating the sensor or operating the camera, got DOD doing that. And that's just more agents on the street to respond quicker. So they've been a great force multiplier. Of course the DOD airplane, the, the removal flight's been fantastic. You know, DOD stepping up with facilities, gimo and things like that.


Do D's been a game changer? And I went to El Paso with Pete, Seth, and he's all in. I mean, he, like, like I said, he, he, he told me, he told me that, you know, it is great that DODs is protecting our border now because they protect everybody else's border for decades. It's a game changer. When I go on the streets with ice and I, I go to raid, I like to get out there, you know, I miss it. So I go out there to raid once in a while and, and rather than just seeing a Jack says ice, I see Jack, A-T-F-D-E-A-F-B-I, you know, state department, everybodys Working together. And President Trump this time came back stronger and harder.


And I think that's why we had the greatest success right now. 'cause he brought all of government. 'cause because again, I think the overarching principle here, you can't have strong national security if you don't have strong board of security. We need to know what's coming in, who's coming in, why it's coming in, where it's coming in. So I think President Trump recognizes that. So he put the, all the government on there and like I say today, we got the most secure board in history of this nation because of, of his, all the box thinking on this, I think is, I think other administration gonna be envious of the success that President Trump's had. Has there been any kinetic pushback from cartels?


Is there any combat going on down at the border? There's combat going on in interior of Mexico because now they're fighting each other for control of plazas. 'cause they're losing money. So they want bigger control. There's been a battle going on down, down there for a while. You know, hear, read a lot about it. But I, I, I know people that have that intelligence. My fear, as I mentioned before, my fear is that violence overlaps the border. I actually say a prayer every night for the men and women, the board turn ice to go home safe every day. 'cause I feel like it's a matter of time.


I hope I'm wrong, but especially in sanctuary cities where they're knocking on the door of a bad guy he has access to who knows what, when he could've got me to county jail. I hope I'm wrong, but the odds of us doing this for four years with nobody being harmed concerns me. Our officers at great risk because we, we are prioritizing the worst of the worst. And so many criminals came in under Biden. So many public safety threats, national security threats. I mean our agents are being doxed.


Pictures and home addresses being put out there, Man, You know, I mean, I get docked every day. I mean, I'm used to it, but I had a thousand protestors in my home the other day, a thousand. They're not gonna, you know, we're wasting our time. You can, you can exercise your First Amendment rights all you want, but Tom Holman's gonna keep doing what he's doing. I'm not going anywhere. But The agents, I'm concerned about the agents and the media doesn't help when they, when they, you know, when they, they call 'em thugs and, and they're violating people's rights and they're violating civil rights. They're violating due processes. A bunch of bullshit.


These men and women are very well trained. And as one stepped online once in a while, yeah, you got bad dentists, you got bad doctors, you got bad lawyers. And I'm sure we have some bad officers that know here and there, but 99% of these men and women, you know, strap a gun to a hip every day, put a ke arrest on and they don't make a lot of money and they get vilified just like the horse patrol did. They don't deserve that. And you know, but they got a president now rather than sitting at the White House, pulled them, vilifying 'em for something they didn't do. You got a president that has their six. How was it working with the Mexican government?


Are they on board? Are they helping at all? Mexico stepped up. I mean they've, they put military on their border. They've agreed to remain in Mexico and, and stage progress. We got tough president. It's not gonna take no for an answer. You know, it's against the law of Mexico to traffic in women children. They need to prosecute it. It's against the law of Mexico to transit that country if you're from another country without transit visa. But they allowed it so President Trump and Joe Biden could have done this. Strong president would do it. Strong president came in.


He was, he's not gonna take no for an answer. You know, during Trump 45, I remember, you know, after Operation Magor arrested all these El Salvador and MS 13 gang members on the way home, on the Air Force one, he president asked me how soon we can get 'em out. I told him, I said long drawn out process because El Salvador pushes back on return to criminals. I think it was two, three days later I got a call, how many planes can we fill up? President called El Salvador. I says, you know, you gonna take 'em back, you know, the third safe country agreements. They didn't wanna sign those bills. The president Held them accountable. Mexico Trump 45, you know, he said, you gonna tariff him if you know, president Trump puts America first.


So Mexico's helping. I don't know how much of it is because they wanna help or how much they have to help because you got a strong president in the White House. I mean, I don't get, you know, that's Marco Rubio and President as was discussions the vice president. I can just tell you though, Mexico have has a lot of resources on the border now and there's some intelligence they're taking on some of the fentanyl. But we'll see. What would you like to see DOD do? Would you like to see socom JSOC units go into Mexico and rid the cartel? I won't get ahead the president on that, but I don't think the cartels are going to go away without us involvement.


President Trump did it. Isis, we show we're really good at the way game. I think when it comes to criminal cartels, we gotta play the away game. Stop the poison before it gets here. Then of course in this side of the border, we gotta address the drive, the need for drugs like that. We gotta address that. We're customers. So, but do I think the criminal cartels we're gonna go away without our involvement? Absolutely not. I don't know that Mexico has failed in decades to do it. And like I say, a lot of Mexico's corrupt, They run Mexico. I mean, they're infiltrated Much of the Mexican military's, corrupt mu, much of the Mexican law enforcement's corrupt. Much of the Mexican government's corrupt.


And many of 'em don't wanna be corrupt. But you take the payoff and do what we tell you to, we'll kill you and your family and they will. So, you know, I think if we were to wipe the cartels off the face of the earth, Mexico would be such a better country. They'd be a safer country. A self ruling country where cartels don't, don't own the military and law enforcement, some government officials, I think, I think in the long run, Mexico could be such a, a, a, a, a better country if they didn't have the cartels operating there. So I think President Trump did exactly the right thing. Designated terrorists. I think he's doing the right thing, offering Mexico his assistance and taking 'em out. Do you think we'll see any action in the next three and a half years?


I think the President Trump's gonna do what he can to protect American people. How is it working with Kristi Nome? Christy Noam's come to the table. I mean she, she's done more. I've see her out there an awful lot. She's done more enforcement actions and my has done four years. So she's out there. She's, I saw her out there the other day taking on Governor Pritzker, which she had been taken care of, but she's out there working. I saw her doing ride alongs with ice and board patrol and Coast Guard. So she's out there with the men and women on the frontline, which I think's great. I think shows men and women that she's supporting them.


Of course, now she, she's being vilified, right? She's so she's being attacked. I watched her hearing the other day. I thought she did great. But they want to attack anything to do with immigration enforcement. Anything to do with deportations. They're just, they're gonna continue to attack and attack and attack. But again, we all expected that The media is saying that you're deporting US citizens. Is there any truth to that? No. It's illegal to deport us citizens. We simply allow illegal alien parents to be deported, to take, if they wanna take their child with 'em who may have been born here, that's their decision. They can leave 'em here and take 'em with 'em. I mean that's a, that's, that's parenting one on one.


And like I said, you know, if if we didn't all the mother take her child with her, then, I mean to be saying Trump administration is separating families. Again, we're trying to keep families together. I said it during the interview, before the election, I was asked that question, how do you do a mass deportation operation? All separating families? I said deport the family together. If you're in this country legally, and you know you're in the country legally and you choose to have a child here, who's gonna be a US citizen based on that, you put yourself in that position. Not Tom Holman, not President Trump, not the Trump administration. You made that decision to have a child while you're here, knowing you're in the country illegal and you most likely will be deported.


That's on you. So when that parent gets ordered deported, they have a choice to make. They made a choice about having the child here. Not you even make a choice. Take the, take the child with you as a parent or leave 'em here with the other parent or leave 'em here with the relatives. That is your call. So we're, it is parenting one on one. Let let the parent make the decision. But for those that vilify us, no, they put themselves in that position. Now they gotta deal with it. But where did they, where'd they even come up with this shit? Are they just making stories up down air? Well They say, because us citizen children want their parents. We deported children. Absolutely not deported children and others saying, well, the child wasn't given due process. What do mean due process?


They're an infant. The mother says, my infant goes with me. Who's gonna disagree with that? She's the mother. So, you know, like I say, the last administration wanna attack zero tolerance, separating families. This time we're trying to keep families together. We're, we can't do that either. I mean, we're doing the right thing. Parenting 1 0 1, I mean, again, if we send a message, you can enter the country legally. You get an order removed, don't leave, hide out for a few years. Have a US citizen child and guess what? Now you're immune. That court order doesn't mean anything. You're immune from our laws.


If that's the message we're gonna send the whole world. You're never gonna solve the problem. They're gonna keep coming to this country. You have, you have a US citizen child and you're good to go. That's a message we can't send. Having a US citizen child does not make you immune from our laws. Where do you go from here? I mean, you've secured it to 96. We still Got some, we got, we've got a little more work to do on the border and you know, it's, it's still a crisis until we, you know, could, there are some god aways we're concerned about who are they? Are they people from terrorist related country? We don't know. So we gotta drill some things. Drill, drill down. Some of the things Northern border needs more work, maritime needs more work.


But right now we got the most secure border in the history nation right now. So we got some more work to do. Gotta play the way game more. We need, we need to address the cartels outside this country. Who, who traffic people from all the world. We gotta, we gotta shut them down. So we got to play the way game interior enforcement. We got a lot of work to do. You know, personally, I think there's over 20, 20 million illegal aliens in this country. They keep saying 12 million. We've been used 12 million for two decades. I mean, Biden administration alone, we know they released at least six to 7 million released. So, you know, I, I think there's at least 20. We got a lot of work to do here. Get 'em going. Concentrate on the worst first. But just 'cause I make this clear, just 'cause we're concentrating on the worst first doesn't mean we ignore everybody else.


You know, I may prioritize my family life over my work life. I don't forget about my work life. If you're in the country legally, you got a problem. You're not off the table. But we're gonna do this wise, we're gonna do it smart way. One's the public safety threats and national security threat. They're the biggest danger of the community. So of course they have to go first. So we got more interior enforcement work to do. We need to shut down sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities should be illegal. And I, I think we got the right people in place now with this administration and Pam Bond and others. They will take sanctuary cities to test take 'em to court. We gotta shut down progressive judges who simply are ignoring the law and, and trying to stop us from doing what we're doing.


I think we'll win these cases when they get to higher courts. But it's just, it's it's gonna take a long time. Well, we see a completion to the wall that, that was, We're we're already rebuilding the wall again. The more money we have, the more wall we can do. So again, we need Congress to fund us. The more money we have, the more we can do. I've said that. Where, where are the strategic locations where you would start with the wall? The board has a, an, a strategic plan based on the crossings, based on where they think, where traffic has historic historically come and where they're seeing dow, what the fuel coming across.


That plan changes all the time based on intelligence, based on what they're finding out down south. So that changes all the time. But boto that point, they just don't put a wall up here because it's cheaper. They don't put a wall up here. 'cause someone wants a while there, Bojo actually has a strategic plan built on intelligence and crossings information from the m cartels about where their activities are switching to. Then they'll place a wall where it makes the most sense. I don't wanna give specifics because the specific will change next month. Gotcha. Whether, you know, the know, there's, there's places where the wall can't be built, right? Like in the, the national parks where we need more technology there. 'cause you can't build a wall like this.


There are some areas where there's natural cliffs, but that's where you put, you know, anti drone technology and, and more technology. But the Biden administration did, when they stopped building the wall, even some of the wall that was built, they wouldn't even finish the technology inside that wall. Smart technology that allowed agents to communicate. It allows the agents to run quick record checks. You know, you approach that wall, you dig under the wall, you climb that wall. Well, no, it's a lot of technology in that wall that they stopped the technology in that wall. There's places on the border. Agents can't talk to one another. So not only we, we, so we gotta finish technology in some of the existing wall, but we're building more smart wall, smart walls. It is a wall system.


It's just not a wall. A lot of technology in that wall, you got access to that wall pathways agents can respond quickly. So there's, there's a lot to it, but we're always starting to rebuild it. We're also putting, I think, right, we're always, we're already doing 75 miles of buoy barriers in the river, which are very effective. What are those? They're, they're buoys that float in the middle of the Rio Grande and almost impossible to get over and Underneath it. There's a, there's a fencing underneath. It goes all the way to the soy through it. They're a game changer. When Trump 45, we looked at that technology, we liked it.


Of course, then the election happened. Never happened. But Now I, I think they're putting 75 miles of it and more, and that's right on the water. So people will stop. They see the barrier. Most will not attempt to cross, which means less drown. A lot of people drown that river every year. So when they see that barrier saves lives, less people want to take that berry on. I mean, a lot of illegal alien die in that river. People think that river doesn't have a current, you're wrong. Hundreds of people die in that river every year. Not now because the border is secure. Well, the Trump administration, they, not only you, you see people drawn, they find dead bodies all the time. People just die across the river.


Most, a lot of people can't swim. What is the, just a personal question, bortec, I've heard a lot about it. Can't get anybody to talk about. It seems like they're extremely well trained, almost like a JSO unit. What is, what is the mission of Bortec? They're kind of the B patrol SWAT team. They're badass. That's what I Hear. Guys are good. I mean, mean, I was never in Bort attack when I was in BOR patrol. I wasn't good enough. I mean, these guys are well-trained, great shots with they great with a firearm. Now they're into repelling and jumping on an airplane with all, with a parachute.


I mean, these guys are really, have increased. Their training is, they're, they're incredible. Is it within The U US border? They operate or do they go into Mexico too? They don't operate within Mexico, or they do operate in the border, in the interior, in my home state in New York, a couple prisoners escaped from Dana Moore State Prison and look for 'em for a long time. Couldn't find him. They brought Bortec in there. They found the first guy. Well, they actually shot and killed the one one, the first one. Second one was later caught. He had a prisoner escape in the jail, what, two years ago? Couldn't find a bortec. Bortec's good. They're, they're, they're well-trained. And, and it all started back, back in my day When I was board, played in Campo, when I worked down the San Diego area.


Tijuana area, that what they called the border bandit squad, because bandits would work the border and they'd rip people off heading to the United States, take all their money, take their goods, rape women. So you had border bandits that are operating. So we had a border bandit patrol, which was border patrol, special operations along with local sheriffs. Took a lot of those border bandits out. A lot of armed conflicts, a lot of shootings. The bortec, it is, I'll call it the SWAT team of the BOR patrol. And they're very, very well trained. Well, Tom, we're wrapping up the interview here. Last question, second to last question.


I just wanna know, is there anything we didn't cover that you want the American people to know? I don want the American people to know that, you know, the Trump administration, unlike what the media's pushing, is not inhumane. Everybody in this group is trying to save lives. As I said earlier, secure border saves lives. We're looking for 300,000 children. The Biden administration, at least in the country, to sponsor them, weren't property vetted. Everybody in this program right now knows what it's like to see children forced sex trafficking or forced labor.


I've seen a lot of tragedy in my life, And I'm simply trying to prevent as much of that tragedy as possible in a secure border of sex lives. I get called a lot of names. I don't care. I don I don't give a shit what people think about me. I don't love my family. My Lord is savior. Think I'm doing the right thing, then I'm good. The hate doesn't mean anything. The protestors, I love them. That means my message is getting out. That means you're over the target. We're saving lives every day. Secure border saves lives. Illegal immigration is not a victim's crime. People, you see an illegal alien. You say, okay, well here we're making a better life from himself and his family's working maybe in a restaurant or something.


But you don't understand the whole ugly underbelly. What happens with these criminal cartels? What happens on that border? Illegal immigration is not a victim of crime. The fix the system needs to be fixed. But until then, we can't allow people to come into this country. Unvetted. We can't allow the border to be a crime, a crime zone for 2000 miles. You just can't allow that. A lot of bad things happen on the border. A lot of bad things come across that border. And what the Trump administration, I'm proud to say again, I I I've, I'll say a thousand times a day, the most secure border in the history of the nation today because of leadership, president Trump and the men and women wearing that uniform.


Man, that's good to hear. So I would like to know, I've read all these stories about Bo patrol Ice agent. You know, for your viewers, if you see a Bo patrol agent, tell 'em Thank you. But they're getting vilified every day by the media. But ice agents, they're getting vilified. Death threats are outrageous. Just give 'em a, give 'em a Thank you because they really are two o'clock, three o'clock this morning, you're gonna be laying in bed. I'm gonna be laying in bed. Hopefully we'll be sleeping next door. Our loved one at the same time you got a border patrol agent s standing at a dirt trail in the middle of nowhere because a cen went off.


So something's coming north on that dirt trail. They don't know. It is a illegal alien look for better life, or it is a heavily armed drug smuggler. They don't know they're gonna take it on. I know, because I've done it. I've stood in that dirt trail as board t shitting your pants, wondering what's coming. But they're gonna stay in there and take it on. They're doing this every night while we sleep. Keeping this country safe. Men went ice. They're getting vilified every day in the media. Every morning I wake up, read all these stories about ice agents, how terrible they are. People need to remember the ice agents and board agents. They're mothers and fathers too.


They don't hang their heart on the hook. They go to work. They've seen a lot of bad things happen that they take home to 'em every day. They take sicknesses home to their families, whether it's tb, they get, they get TB screenings all the time. They, they take sickness. These men in the bojo, they actually bring toys from their families to bring 'em to children to play with. Whether, whether they're in the facilities, they, they really do care. They really do have a great heart. Under the last four years on Biden administration, the record amount of laboratory that committed suicide was highest ever at over 40, I believe. Now what? I don't know.


Whatever internal struggles they were having, giving CPR to babies, talking little girls been raped, finding dead bodies floating down the river, Seeing how these criminal cartels treated these people, certainly weighed on them to the point they took their own lives. These men and women are heroes. And I hope the American people understands they're heroes. Recognize 'em as heroes and thank 'em. That's all I ask for. I mean, I'll, I'll retire again hopefully the last time. But I'll always have the six of, of, of these men and women. 'cause I was one of 'em. I know what it takes.


The nation's finest. Our, our, our military and our first responders are America's finest. 1%. I hope people recognize that. True Americans. That's a great closing statement. Thank you. Last question. We had three people you'd like to see on the show. Who would it be? President Trump. You want 'em? You bet. I think President Trump, I think he's, again, people have their opinions. A guy that does what I do, greatest president in my lifetime. 'cause it's proven success on the border.


John Roberts. Get him outta the show and figure him out. All right. Third, I was gonna say cash. We already had him. Steven Miller. Well reach out. Steven Miller has a, has a great mind. He's, he's just brilliant. And not just with immigration trade, I mean, just a smart guy.


I think he'd have an interesting conversation. I would love that. Maybe you can help me breach him. Perfect. I'll see him in the morning. Alright. Well, Tom, I just wanna say it was an honored interview and Pete Hegseth, number four, Pete Hegseth, I'll work on him. He's been on before Pete Has, so was President Trump, but I'll Do it again. But when, when was President Trump on, I think it was, I think it was August. No, you get again him now. All right. Look at what he's doing. Put in a word for me. Look what he's doing right now.


Now you need to Talk to him. All right. It, it's changing the world. We'll do what we can. Right, man. All right. Well, Thank You so much again. And man, you're just, you're crushing it and appreciate you, man. It's good to see you. Former MLB all star Sean Casey, AKA, the mayor keeps hitting it out of the park. Take my 30 years of experience. Take the wisdom and knowledge I've learned from the failures.


When I got sent down my rookie year, all the injuries I had to overcome. Your mind is the most important tool you have in life. Be relentless. Keep charging. It matters how you talk to yourself, how you look at the world that matters. We talk about that. I don know I'm fired up. Baseball's back and it's gonna be incredible. I love it. The Mayor's Office with Sean Casey from Believe, follow And listen on your favorite platform.