
This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and USE CODE. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 T's and C's apply.


Every idea starts with a problem. Morby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


John Truitt, Welcome to the show. Well, Thank you for the invitation. Hey, You're welcome. You're welcome. We've been one to this to happen for a long time. So you'll be, you'll be the second SAS guy on the podcast. And I'm just infatuated with your guys' life stories and career and, and looking forward to a really good discussion here. So we'll do a life story on you starting a childhood. Go through your military career, all 20 20, 20, Just under 23 years. 23 years. 19 deployments. That's right. Yeah. Wow. Wow. So we got a lot to cover. And I want to get into a little bit of the history of what you guys were doing in Ireland back in the day.


So, 'cause you know, primarily it's American focused and, you know, we're not, we're not as in tune with everything that's happened over there, as, as we probably should be. So I'd love to get a little history lesson on that. But everybody starts off with an introduction. John Truitt, a man forged in the crucible of elite military service with 23 years in the British Army, including 19 operational tours across Iraq and beyond a parachute regiment veteran who volunteered for the grueling SAS selection in 2002. A survivor of profound personal loss, navigating the deaths of your mother in 2004, and father in 2005, while serving in high stakes operations, a pioneer in human performance dedicated to unlocking the potential, the potential of physiologic through innovative technology and expert knowledge.


An advocate for rehabilitation, working on initiatives like amputee football tournaments to help conflict survivors rebuild stable, meaningful lives. Engaged to be married to fiance. Ellie, when are you guys getting married? Year? Congratulations, man. Met her at breakfast today. Amazing woman. Amazing woman. And so we have a Patreon account, it's a subscription account, and they've been with me since the beginning when I was doing this in my attic, it turned it into one hell of a community. And so one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question.


This is from Steven Casey. What do you see as the boundary between human endeavor and neuro controlled robotics on the battlefield? And if there's no real boundary, does that mean we substitute robots for human wholesale? If we do, what does that mean? As to the ultimate human cost of war, which has historically been huge metric, been a huge metric on warfare. Great question. That's, yeah. And I wish there was only one line, because in the middle there's the partnership of robots and human beings in one entity like exoskeletons.


So starting off with human beings, you know, and you look at the ongoing conflicts right now, they're done human to human assisted by drone technologies, not yet robotics to, you know, there are elements of it. And if you go to the other end, you know, having robots just doing conflict, I think to me, I can't envisage what that looks like. I think it's a leap too far. You know, the conflict will become increasingly machine teaming. And increasingly, I can't see the sense of humans standing in defending positions where you can put automated machines Yeah.


To do it. And technology certainly allows you to do that in a responsible manner. So I think we can be a lot more judicious about how we put lives at risk, but I just cannot see a future where you will not need the highest trained soldiers. I think soldiers are becoming more and more special and more and more enabled. One of the key points I've been looking at more most recently is exoskeletons. It's all about the concept of human augmentation. And my worry with exoskeletons is you start putting robotics around humans to assist them in what they do.


You start disadvantaging the human being themselves. And because we have a propensity to push for greater and greater things. So if, for instance, certain type of exoskeleton is really, really powerful and it can be used a lot, it'll be overused. And if, you know, take the concepts of an arm man suit, if you put a human being in an arm man suit, and it's not chiming you to do what you are trained to do. Your muscles, you, you, you, you absolutely depend upon your own physiology to drive your health and an over reliance on something in the middle, like an exoskeleton. Although it could mean a soldier can march with 130 kilogram pack over a hundred miles.


You know, I have a problem with that because you will disadvantage the human being in making those sorts of choices. So choose where you put robotics in judiciously and save life by doing it, but don't compensate human biology, the artist to shift the human biological limit further to the right. Yeah. You know, it's, man warfare is just changing so fast right now. And there's all these different companies that I've been diving into, like url, we got this guy coming on that was a former Seal d vuca, and he's doing autonomous surface warfare vehicles. And man, it's just, we have unmanned subs, we have unmanned planes, we have unmanned surface warfare vessels.


I mean, it's gonna look, it already does look completely different than when I was in, and I don't know, you know, first I was pretty apprehensive, but that was probably my ego thinking no robot could ever do the fucking job that I did. But I mean, these things Now, I kind of have changed my tune and I mean it does, you know, it does preserve our lives and, you know, having kids, and you have kids too. I mean, I would rather a robot go and, and, and do the dirty work than have my kids out there.


Absolutely. When you diffusing a five ton sea mine. Yeah, I, I'd much rather, you know, I'm an absolute supporter and advocate of unmanned systems that can look at threats as well as illegal maritime shipping and fishing. You know, this is real age of dual purpose technology. And these unmanned systems are incredibly advantageous for us. You know, we should look to preserve life. We shouldn't try to remove the challenges and hardship from human endeavor. You know, and maybe it's not, maybe not all conflict. And, you know, I don't, I can't sort of qualify this statement by saying in metrically, this happens, but I can't see that all conflict is going to be able to be handed over to robotic systems.


Yeah. And I think somewhere in the line, human judgment has to come in. Yeah. I think, I think that's kind of the, so far with everybody I've talked to, that's the premise is that is the final decisions will be made by humans. But especially with some of these things like scale, AI and Palantir, I mean, it's, the interesting thing is it's, it's taking the intel and all the things that go into the decision making process. And instead of actually having humans do it, where it would take days, sometimes weeks, maybe even months, I mean, it's literally displayed all the different outcomes and, and the probability of what could happen.


And your percentage of winning, I mean, it's all handed to you through AI within hours or less. Yeah. And so, interesting subject. Great question. Let's, let's add, I mean, I was in a park watching a child play with a drone, one of those small drones that tet you, you know, and it can quickly, you know, the, the future is, it's already there. Now that drone can recognize a facial feature, capture it, lock it on and tether it. And I, you know, I sort of joking my own head going, I wonder if fucking I outrun that. Yeah. I'm gonna go back and try and have a race with it. Yeah. See if I can, you know, this technology is, is brilliant.


Have you, it's already there and it's, it's on the street, you know, it's like a, a drone that can tether to you and will follow you around whatever it's there. And you can buy it for very small amounts of money off the shelf. I won't say the drone it was in that case. Have, Have you, I mean, some of the ways they're integrating technology is just, I mean, have you, have you heard about the helmets that, that Palmer Lucky's designed with Amur? Not, I haven't, but Oh Man. So he, he's making, it's, it's, it's like an interface heads up display and it will replace all, not just special operations, which I love.


'cause special operations always gets the cream of the crop. But I think what's really cool is that all military ground units will get this eventually, but basically it almost looks like, like a pilot helmet, you know, with the visor. And he's integrated. I, I believe it, I could be wrong, but it, it's, it's like the next generation of night vision, which integrates color and thermal and all these things. And not only that, it will, it will, there'll be a heads up display of where all your guys are at. If you're, if you're on the ground, tell you highlight 'em in blue or green or whatever color, it'll highlight bad guys in red, you'll actually be able to see through walls.


So if you have somebody shooting at you from a lip, when they drop back down, you can see exactly where they're at. Just wait for them to pop back up and it'll do, I mean, it's, it's just insane. Like the technology, it'll, it'll even identify friendly and faux aircraft. And by the way that they're maneuvering tell you what it's about to do. I mean, it's, it's a whole nother, it's a whole nother game out there right now. So, yeah. And it's really interesting because you confuse all of that incredible technology and I'm all for it, you know, but we've gotta remember it's all going back into a human being, you know, and it, you know, and even in 10 years ago, you can get cognitive overload with all of this.


Right. And, but I, I think all of that technology is good. We just have to be very judicious about how you apply it. Yeah. And what that human being in it, in it can, can reasonably be expected to apply it for. Because you can get easy to get overloaded with everything. And as a change atac and you've got multiple nets going on, all good stuff. Your brain learns how to do it. We call it four D thinking. Absolutely brilliant. I mean, the power of what's inside there is incredibly powerful as well. You can build pictures and you can always imagine where that aircraft is. To have it in a hood is absolutely brilliant. I remember, I think you had, you have to learn to use it.


Remember when you are putting that on, that's remapping neuronal pathways in your brain. So you're actually pushing the human biological limit along in my eyes as well. You know, your brain will learn very, very quickly to adapt to what that extra coding, what that extra signals are, you know, and it's, it's incredibly powerful and adaptive so human beings can take this, you know, and, and definitely they can adapt to it. So I, I'm all for technology. I'd love to, you know, blue Force tracking is absolutely critical. You know, it's one of the the hardest things you have to do. Yeah. I'd be aware where each other are. But also remember the criticality of your own instincts and your own senses and not having an over reliance on technology.


And we used to wear a lot less protection because actually we trusted ourselves. You know, the power of, you know, sense and instinct Yeah. Is incredibly important to soldiers. Human intuition. Yeah, absolutely. Human intuition, instinct, six sense, gut instinct, whatever you want to call it. It's there and it's very, very real. And, and we need to ensure we keep that at forefront of the people that's doing it. Empower with technology. I think Palm Lucky's, Andrew with Neander. Yes. I mean it's super, super exciting where they're going with some of their capabilities and technologies. Yeah. And I think it's a good time to do it. You know, I think we are looking at a really, really interesting turn in in, in, in our present day.


Yeah. You know, we do need those autonomous systems skirting around in, you know, in the waters. You know, resources can be finite. One other thing before we get started, everybody gets a gift. Oh, Thank you. Vigilance League. Gummy Bears Legal in all 50 states. I don't know if they're legal in UK or not, but you'll have to find that out when you get home. I'll take some reset. I've got some gifts for you downstairs as well. I haven't got them with me. Oh, perfect. Should I possibly run out and get them and bring them back up?


Sure. Perfect. Mini, What is this? It's Just some very Damn Selling for the bookshelves. Thank you. Yes. And then I've got you some quintessentially British marmalade from a shop called Ham Mason. Perfect. So I don dunno dunno whether marmalades the same, but it's like a, a jam and it's called the Monarch. Thank you. Pleasure. Oh that's awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Alright John, you ready? Yes.


Where'd you grow up? So I grew up in Southeast of England and really I was born to parents. My dad was from a, a family in London, generations back. And they had a small business. It was actually a joinery company. And so they came from an area called Thornton Heath in London. It used to be lovely. It's pretty rough now. But before I was born they moved down to the southeast and moved down. They found a little cottage in the country. My mum moved 14 times I remember he used to say. So she's very mobile. I think it's associated to her father's job.


I'm sure he is an architect. I think he's an engineer as well. So essentially when I was born, I was born up into a very, a small house that was always under construction. My dad was a builder, ran a building, small building company, adjoining company. And it, you know, all I remember is being a very happy childhood, but we were always outside, always tripping over stuff. That building materials. My dad was always sort of building extra bits to the house. So it was quite big at the bottom by the end of it. And really small at the top. And essentially the, you know, it is a very outside life and sort of growing up, even from a very, very young age, I spent a lot of time with my mother.


My father was a competition sailor. So he actually sail in the Olympics, came second in the world championship. Oh wow. Built his own boats, damn. One of which went to the maritime museum. It was a class called the Flying Dutchman, which I believe was deemed too dangerous. It became Olympic class, but then came too dangerous because it was the fastest of the racing dinghies. And it had a habit of going end over end in certain Winchester had, she's head of Spinnaker. So he's a, he is very, very strategic and technical person. A really, really brilliant person. But we spent a lot of time with my mother. My mother was an architect, used to get up at four o'clock in the morning.


She also did something called milk recording. So called what? Milk recording. So you go to farms and you record how much milk you are getting for from the cows. So me and my brother would wake up on a mattress in the back of a mini estate. It's a tiny little mini estate, very iconic to to the uk. And we sort of opened the back doors and sort of on a farm and go and find my mother and she's in this sort of cow shed and noting down the volume from each cloud, the milk they were given every day. Very fastidious. But I re remember very clearly, we always used to take a silver urn full of milk back to the house.


And my dad, one of my dad's favorite things was to eat the cream, which is about that thick Wow. Off the top of the milk. So we had a, a growing up like that, you know, I was outside a huge amount. We didn't have a tv, in fact we didn't have a TV till much, much later on. And so my dad read books and listened to the radio. You know, I wish I could meet him at this age again 'cause he is a very, very interesting person. But essentially we spend most of our time with my mum. My dad worked extremely hard. He was commuting a lot into, into London running a small business. And in Britain, the housing market, sorry, the building market crashed in nineties and essentially the business went with it.


So he was always working extremely hard to try and keep this going. He had some employees that he deeply cared about. I remember him talking about it. But you know, I spent a lot of time with my mum, very, very close to her. I did a lot of hunting when I was younger, always with dogs, hawks, all sorts of animals. Oh never. Guns, ferrets, pole cats. And you know, more laterally. I realized that was all my mum as well. You know, my mum was organizing for me to go out with someone. He had, I'm sure it was a red American tailed eagle and a keal I think it was. And we used to go out and the horse, the, the eagle was actually quite good. But the, the keal was awful.


He, he would basically give up, it wouldn't even try and get mostly rabbits and squirrels that we were after. And they would go and sit on a power line and just sit there like that and just look down at us. So we spent most of our time running around, like swinging around the lure to try and get it to, to come down. Sort of covered in rabbit pelt. And I just remember a really young age just looking up at this hawk, just looking down at us going, yeah, okay, do this all day if you like. And eventually it come back. So all those experiences, you know, sort of occurred to me later. They're all through my mum and she was incredibly strong person, woman know I don't, everyone faces challenges in their lives.


She was holding down two to three jobs at a time. Incredibly supportive of my father, although he, she didn't always agree. So me and my brother went to boarding school at seven and I still don't know how much was this design deliberate strategy and how much was it just opportunity at the time, light bulbs went off, but we had a piano in the house, just like a small baby grand, I think it belonged to my grandma and she didn't have space for it. So was in the house. And by hook, by crook I started playing the piano. Next we started getting lessons and then my brothers took up the violin. Oh really?


Yeah. So all of this sort of started happening and as I say, I would never, never know whether it was by design or actually it was just like, oh they're starting to play music. We could turn this into something. But me and my brother went to boarding school at seven years old as Queen's Foresters. Are you twins? No. You see he's 15 months older. 15 months. Yeah. So yeah, so pretty close. A lot of people see lots of similarities. A lot of people see lots of differences. I guess it's depends where they look from. We're very, very close as people. He's very, very busy himself. He was in the military himself as a commissioned officer.


But when we went to boarding school at seven and I remember mum saying, you know, mum did not support that she, she wanted us to be at home but my father saw it as the best opportunity he could give us. And so we, so very, very funny stories from throughout my schooling. And it started early. So went to a school in London that provides chorus just to the queen's chapel. And essentially this was a feeder school or a proprietary school for Eaton College. So Eaton College is a very significant well known school in, in, in, in England.


And so we started singing in the chapel and I found it very hard to concentrate. Wasn't very good coer, I'll admit. And we started learning music to a much greater level. I had a very good teacher actually, who's the mother of someone I'm very, very close to still who taught me piano initially. But then we started scaling up the grades and you had to be, and I dunno what grade it was, but it's seven or eight to sit a scholarship at Eaton. But in that period of time, and you, you know, it was a corporal punishment school and I was, I believe there was only three left in country at the time I went there. And corporal punishment school is where you discipline children using slipper, pair draft.


Well it's a very English thing. It doesn't go on now quite rightly. I've got, I think I've got, and again, you know, it's funny 'cause you pull sort of stuff out of your head. And I do remember on one night in this school under that current management, I think it's a very good school Now, I very well run. But on a certain night you were allowed a bath and in these you had these rows of baths and in the bottom left bath was reserved for people who would be misbehaving. And I'd invariably misbehaved at certain point during most days, not even the week. And it was full of cold water.


So you're getting your cold water bath and I think you had a minute to have your bath. So there's lots of that. And it was a, you know when you look back as child, when you've got boarding, there's boarding and day but boarding and you're sleeping in dormitories of 50 children. You know, there's, you know, as a child you see some quite tough experiences. I was constantly what they called running away, which wasn't running away. So it was going to get a bit of chocolate out of the chocolate machine at the station. At one point we made it miles away from the school, we're actually going to the cinema, me and my friend. But of course every time they call us they said it was running away.


And I was like, no, I'm not running away. I'm going to get chocolate from the chocolate machine. So a trend had started up already. Right. You know, I was at boarding school, my behavior was quite challenging. I didn't get it myself. I don't remember being unhappy. I did miss home a great deal. And that was, you know, they did have very, very strict rules. You weren't allowed to see your parents anymore than around three times a term. I think you weren't allowed any other clothes unless they were school clothes. It was all school food. You weren't allowed any, any stuff brought in. No chocolate, huh? No chocolate, nothing.


Right. So my dad, you know, this defines who he was, that sort of person. He's very strong and could be quite stern, but he's very kind. And he used to drive after work to the chapel 'cause he could intercept us as we were coming through the cloisters. And he used to have a flute case 'cause I had to take up second instrument. So I took up the flute, which I used to sort of refer to as a sideways recorder. And I think I took up the flute because it's the most easy instrument to learn to play quickly. And again, it's, you know, looking at it now it's, it is really quite funny.


But at the time it was all sort of done and it was, I dunno, it was all perfectly normal. So I ended up getting removed from the school because it had become untenable. But actually the amount I was misbehaving, I was getting beaten a lot. Oh really? It's not like beating as in beaten. I mean you can't crush children by hitting them. Right. They are actually turn out to be much more resilient than you are. And I think that was part of the problem with the school. They resorted to the corporal punishment far too much for spending a lot of time in detention. And again, I don't remember being unhappy as such, but I don't think I was, you know, I was, I was removed but with the intention that it wasn't, you know, let's come up with a different solution for it.


That was one year before I had set my exams free. So how old were, how old were you when you got So I went there when I think I was just turning seven to eight and I must have come out there about 11 years old. 'cause I spent one year at another school, much closer to home as a day pupil, which I loved. Played lots and lots of rugby. I was very, very sports orientated. Loved my sport. Spent a a year at another school, much close to home. Sat my exams scraped. My entrance exams because that's kind of how I was academic.


But I got in with a music award, so it wasn't a full scholarship but it was a pen. It's something called an exhibition that you turn into a scholarship. And I got there on sports awards as well. So a fairly heavy bursary and went to Eaton and my brother already there and see Eaton is that school with the penguin suits. Oh okay. Yeah. So we got obviously secondhand penguin suits and they look very smart if they knew. But it was definitely the s scariest child in the school. And it, you know, it's an incredible institution, right? It's one of the oldest institutions in the uk. It's a very, very big landowner. Therefore they are wealthy enough to offer the types of bursaries that they do and they actually make a lot of opportunity to people.


But there's also hereditary lines that we attend Eaton and you know, so it is a basically a, a full town and, and again I was, I would already, my mum always used to say when I was young, I'm right, we're just gonna leave the keys out for you because had a habit of leaving the house at night and going on walkabouts and I like to walk through the woods at night and everything and every so often I do remember writing myself and running home again with a larger extent. I had a habit of just getting up and just going for a walk, going out in the night. And I continued this tray at school but I didn't really like it, didn't really understand it. Which I think a lot of the accusations of running away were just because I got in a habit of picking the locks, of taking the window locks off and crawling down rain pants and off I went.


So, and you know, he is again, I guess I don know we've grown a trend. So I was still at it eating. I was, I'm not, I don't remember being like really badly behaved, but I was always on the tidy. But where you had to run up, had to run very early in the morning and sign a book, do it again at lunch and do it again at night just for bed. So the school, we were all in boarding houses. So I think the nub of this issue was really our sort of had loggerheads with the boarding house. So certain traditions at Eaton where the older boys come down to the lower floors where the younger members are and they do certain things like bed posting and you know, that sort of, yeah, what do they call it?


Initiation things. It's basically another name for bullying. So we were the first year across our board, I can't remember how many in the year, like 10 or 13, but we were sports and music and it traditionally been an academic house and I think they just weren't expecting what, what, what difference. We were like, we were completely different, you know? And actually we ended up going upstairs and kind of sort of trying to dissuade them from coming downstairs a lot and they just didn't know how to manage this. So it essentially, and it's really, really interesting actually because you know, Eaton's a really special school. You know, they have really amazing people there.


They have something called King's College, which Henry VIII I believe started the school with express intent to kind of shape academics. I think it's got heavy lines into political circles, so shaping government, that sort of stuff. So he is got a really amazing history and I remember there was a guy with, I think it was multiple sclerosis. He's one of the most brilliant mathematicians and not predicted to make it beyond his teens. I think he did. But you know, he, he was given that opportunity as one of the most brilliant mathematicians there. So it was a very, very special school. But essentially because I was at loggerheads of my house master, I kept getting in trouble, kept having to sign a tidy book, which is a lot of running, which made me very fit and I didn't mind, but I wasn't getting my homework done.


Which is again something that's left to you to be responsible for when I was getting, when you get punished in, you have, well you have to go into the lower master of my case for the bottom years that it's called the bill. And I was on it again and again and again. And you know, they're having to put special reviews in because they've got certain rules for you. You're on the bill this many times, then we have to review you for suspension. And it was really, really interesting because when we were clearing out my dad's desk, we found some letters between him and the lower master and it exposed and highlighted how to what extent the school and my father were going to try and solve this issue.


Which is, you know, you could see the intent and actually the law master, I think he felt quite sorry for me. Which is not, not like I wasn't feeling sorry for her. Like I said, I do not have a recollection of somehow having, you know, being sad about this. Yeah. Or being unhappy as a child, child at all. But I was just endlessly in bits of trouble. And essentially I had completely the wrong house master to solve it. And I think it came down that, you know, so the lower master started giving me chores by doing his gardening in his house on a Sunday. And so I'll go and do his gardening and actually what that was was so I could have Sunday dinner with him. So I sit down with his family and have Sunday dinner. So that's the sort of kindness they were showing around it.


Mag sort of managing it in a very, very interesting way. Unique. But essentially they, you know, it was gonna go to one end or not. And this, they looked at whether I could move to another boarding house or not and whether that would change the things people believed it did. But essentially it came down to do we break tradition. This has never been, this never happened before. You know, so, you know, I, I fully appreciated the levels people had gone to and you know, and when I talk about that sort of ed educational psychology report, that was when it was done and I found it much more laterally. There was two of them and I found one and it's really quite interesting and I believe that was an agreement between my dad and the school that let's you know, let's have a look and let's see what we can do to kind of sort of address this because, but in the end I moved on from that school, went to another school on music and sports awards, but given a place and I spent, I think it was less than a year there, I got removed three days after the rugby season was unbeaten.


Wow. And finished. I do suspect it was done. Yeah. At least we finished the rugby season. But I absolutely loved my sport and you know, it used to make me laugh actually at Eaton 'cause I said, you've given me all these sports awards. And Eaton's got two incredibly quite contact filled games. One called the war game, one called the Field Game and the war game's played in Kings College and the field games played by all the others sort of boarding houses. And it's a mixture of football and rugby with some quirky rules in it. And you know, obviously I was kind of breaking my fingers all the time, which didn't sit well with keeping my piano scholarship. So I remember like going to piano lessons and you know, musical geniuses of which these teachers were tend to be quite sort of emotionally charged.


And so when I was turning up in these rooms and not able to play the piano, it becoming really, really easy aspired with me. And I was kind of sort of perplexed by this. I was thought, well you know, the house wants me to play all this sport. You were asking me to practice for hours doing this. Which I did. You know, I do, I fully, fully realize right from the start I looked, looked at the other scholars and I was never going to be absolutely brilliant. I was good. I wouldn't have not got a scholarship before. But you know, when you look at sets of people and you see okay, wow, you know, you, you'll be something that is truly special in the future.


Whereas for me, I could have become good and in training does a huge amount, but it only takes you so far. Yeah. And there's individual ability that is, is even more important if you wanna become part of that last 1%, you know, it's, it's something in there that, that, that will do it. I think there's that sort of mode of 10,000 hours of training or whatever. It's absolutely right that final bit. There's something special inside certain people. So yeah, I mean I sort of finished at that school, the next school after the rugby season, three days after it. I went for a period of no school. This was just before, just before my exams.


So I was within a year of having to take my national exam, it's called GCSEs. I spent some time in Spain living with a Navy family there and then came back, went to my local state school while I should have gone. Holy shit. You went to all kinds of schools. Yeah. Yeah. So I had full range and it was great. I mean it was an amazing experience. But the irony is when you go to sit your scholarship at Eaton, they ask you what your second school is and obviously say Eaton College and a and other very quite sort of, I dunno what you'd term it, but they're special schools, this community college. And you know, I remember them looking at me and just being like, that's a pretty extraordinary So, so, and you know, I sort of ended up back at this school, I did my exams, passed 'em, okay.


You know, particularly strong on languages at that point I went on to a levels still playing lots and lots of sport. But within those six form years where I was studying A levels and I did two languages in sociology, I started working for a building company as a laborer. Sat my exams. But my attention, my attendance levels weren't very good. So my grades certainly didn't reflect what I could have done. But really I didn't feel that those exams were really the key to the next step. And I became building laborer, working for a local company. Loved it. There's something called the hod.


So the hod is where you carry the bricks, you stack 'em up in different levels of brick. I think at eight 16 and I think there was one over 20 and I'm quite good at that. And so I was the bricklayers quite like me being their laborer. And I sort of enjoyed it and I enjoyed that at that age. Then I got an offer to become an industrial roofer. I became an industrial roofer and I absolutely loved that. But it was in the time when you could do roofing by walking the open steels really interesting job. I was traveling a lot around the UK and it was quite, you know, as you can imagine certain people who get involved in roofing as anyone's guess who would be in our roofing gang at any one time, sometimes you didn't get paid and you have to sort of go and insist that you should be paid and, but it was really interesting introduction into working life.


Enjoyed it but started doing jobs in London and us getting up at like four o'clock in the morning. I was playing rugby, I was doing, I used to represent certain people's gyms or I used to box. So I was doing those things at night and we were getting really quite small money and we'd put on day work. So we couldn't really work hard. There was no incentive for price work for in the area. Plus they were bringing in safety systems because there's quite hate, high rate of injuries and death in industrial roofing. They're bringing in systems that weren't, weren't very well designed at all. So there were arrest systems that would suddenly you're supposed to clip on once yourself, you're carrying sharp sheeting and you know, it suddenly stopped you and all of a sudden the the ship.


So all of that factored in just made me look elsewhere. So you know, I kind of, so that's what sort of led me through childhood. Very, very different range of schooling. Yeah, I don't think I fitted too well at school. I didn't fit, you know, it's not like I was sort of friends but it didn't have, it is not like I was part of a scene at school at all. Just sort of gimbled about, got a lot of chores. I mean I used to love my chores at eating 'cause they were building stages for theater. I actually sort of spent most of my weekends. You don't get much time off it. Right. You have to study hard to to to stay the grades.


But you know, all my passing time. But I actually quite enjoyed that. And you know, I don't, like I say, you know, you, I don't remember being unhappy as a child and you know, I remember them diff their difficult times. You know, I used to come back, my father was incredibly sort of disappointed and frustrated that these schools weren't working. You know, my mum didn't want us to go to boarding school. That was a very tough time for them. But she was ultimately extremely supportive to my father and recognize that how much they were both giving up to offer us the opportunities that we could have been offered. And I did speak Letterly with my father about it, you know, actually not long before his death, you know.


And I think going into the military was a part of him. He could see that it sort of found some space. But you know, at the time he kept coming up with these brilliant plans to offer opportunity and they just weren't working out. That must have been incredibly frustrating. And you can see from the educational psychologist report at 14, you know, the effort and energy that was put into trying to get this in some sort of shape where it would go. Would the outcomes have been any different if I'd stayed at those schools? I don't believe so. You know, I don't think, you know, as a person they would've been, I don't, I don't dunno whether they would or not.


Yeah. But that was, you know, and again, every time I was at home I used to have an absolute brilliant time. And in the period of time when I was in my GCSEs and to my A levels, you know, I spent an amazing amount of time with my mum and that was her back central. You know, she's, she's very, very happy to be able to see us, support us and do things with us. You know, so, you know, there was, there was balances everywhere.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for. And they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology in switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're a hundred percent US-based team activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones in one. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming internet on the go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot. And right now use the promo code SS for a free month of service when you sign up, switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


When the grid fails and no one's coming. You need more than a backup. That's why I want to introduce you to Paladin Power. Most of America's 130 year old power grid is fragile, outdated, and vulnerable. Paladin Power gives you the ability to operate completely independent of the grid no matter what happens. Paladin Power builds advanced energy storage solutions, veteran owned American made and designed to take you off the grid for good. One Paladin unit can run your whole house, HVAC, ev, power tools, everything, other brands you need up to eight, nine, or even 10 systems that's not sustainable or practical. They take up too much space and the costs are outrageous. Paladin system is smaller, more powerful and delivers the lowest price per kilowatt hour on the market. It's us made tariff resilient warrantied for 20 years and built with modern US manufacturing. Plus they're actively working to develop a lithium free fire safe system that's years ahead of anything on the market. Head over to pallet and power.com/ss to learn more. USE CODE SS for up to 15% off. That's my code. SS at palin power.com/ss.


What, what got your, I mean, so you went from I don't know how many schools Where you were very talented in music and sports, then you became a construction laborer roofing. How the hell did the military get under your radar? So whilst I was roofing, and again, you know, they're long days in London, they're just like, we're on day work, we're refix the same panels over and over and they're condemning the steels below us. And that was nothing to do with this. My brother had become a commissioned officer and he had joined the parachute regiment.


He deployed to Kosovo and I was watching in the background him doing all of this interesting stuff, you know, the parachuting everything else. So when I did look elsewhere from roofing, that became the obvious answer, you know, and I didn't, I had no aspirations of being a commissioned officer as such. But you know, going into the military and seeing that, you know, that was interesting. It was like the parachuting is involved, you know, you've gone to a, an interesting place. Hadn't traveled. Great. I used to travel with my mum a lot. My mum used to drive my dad's boat in a trailer all over. So he could compete sometimes with, and sometimes he'd travel separately and they used sleep in tents.


He's very famous actually for getting up in the night. And he's shaved like two millimeters off the kil 'cause he believed he'd analyzed the tide, right? And, and Ashley, he used to say, I never, I'm never gonna win every race, only just the occasional one because I have a nemesis. And I remember him saying this and I said, he said, my nemesis is a sailor I believe called Rodney Patterson, who I think it is Rodney Patson, who's one of the world's most famous sailors. And he used to win everything. And I used to hear, and my dad say, it's just because he's got more mobility. So my mum used to drive my dad's boats a lot and we'd go with them if we possibly could.


So we'd pop up in a place like Sam Ramo in in, I think it's Switzerland, Sam Ramo. Beautiful places where we'd staying outside or whatever. And it was brilliant really lots and lots of fun. And then I did some traveling with my mum to Spain. We went to Holland. My godfather was the person who designed the Flying Dutchman. The the the boat. Oh, No kidding. Yeah. So it's called Flying Dutchman. And my godfather, Conrad Gul used to be the designer of that boat. And I remember visiting him in, in Holland with my mum in a camper van. And he'd give us, every time saw him, he'd give us one bag of red licorice boot leasees.


So I did quite a lot of getting around and traveling with my mum. But when I saw my brother going off to these places I never heard of, you know, I was like, okay, well this is interesting. So I walked into the recruiting office and said, can I join the power sheet regiment? And they said, no, you can join the engineers, but I don't wanna join the engineers. Of course that's when they get an incentive set amount of money to fill gaps in other units for recruiting. So I sort of kept to my guns and I said I want to join Patrick, which said, do you know what you're letting yourself in for? I said, yes, my brother's power trooper.


So yeah, that's how I ended up in the military. How old were you when you joined? 21. 21. And actually that's good, you know, it's in, in many aspects that's a bit later. So people going at 18 now, that period in roofing gangs, things like that I think stood me in very, very good stead for going into the military just that slightly bit later. Having worked in opera professional roles like building laborer, roofer, that sort of thing. What year is this? So basically I enlisted in November 98. In 98. I Assume that's when I signed something.


What, what was going on in the world at the time? I think it was relatively, it feels like there's lots more now. Probably didn't feel like that to, to people. Mainly for the UK it was Northern Ireland. The last big conflict have been the Falklands and parachute regiment have played a really, really key part in it alongside the Marines and the guards and numerous other units. You know, the Falklands were predominated British soldier thinking certainly when I joined and there were still people serving that are served and fought in that war.


And it's, you know, incredible hearing them. And you know, in the len's war was genuinely a very, very tough experience for all of them. It proper conflict. So really, you know, I think, I can't remember two of the battalions had gone to the Falklands and one hadn't. So there was this thing going on in the parachute regiment, but I didn't really pay that much attention. So really it was all about sort of northern island and the Good Friday accords had happened. So it was really just support to, you know, presence basically.


Can you, can you describe what was, what was going on in Northern Ireland and the Good Friday? So I again, 'cause I was quite young, I can't really explain him massive detail, but you know, the history of Ireland and Northern Ireland is very, very complicated. And you, you know, very, very, you could set communities off against each other a huge amount, you know, and it's got a element in British history where an element want to be apart from Britain and an element want to be part of Britain and quickly this could turn into a great deal of violence. I don dunno a huge amount about the British military history in there, but it goes back a long, long time.


Oh really? When I went there it was Good Friday accords and therefore there wasn't much going on. But there was some really intensive work and effort going on in in more clever spaces, more covert operations, that sort of stuff, you know, whereas when I turned up as a paratrooper, you know, and we, I remember we did lots and lots of public order training 'cause Northern Ireland could conflate very, very quickly. And so we, part of our role was to support the police in trying to prevent, you know, public order and protest past for our role was patrols. So reassurance patrols, clearance patrols, it was all sort of pretty simple stuff.


There was a huge amount of senting sort of guard duty. You go around this sort of rotation and you know, in my round in parachute regiment, I played a lot of sport for them. So I played a lot of rugby, played some of the, some testing rugby. Like I remember a particular game against the Marines that was, I played rugby league against Marines in a, what I remember to be some concrete stadium. A really, really tough like competition games. And they sort of were trying to sort of encourage me into the boxing team. Oh really? So I did a lot of boxing in there. But essentially the two tours of northern island, they weren't testing and challenging in that sense.


You know, the, the environment you're in, you're in a what we call the sub. So it's hardened block, but you know, I don't remember getting shot at any point. There's a lot of rocks thrown at you. You know, you get spat at bit, but essentially you are cording off areas because you thought someone reported that there was a box that couldn't be trusted and you're waiting until it could get cleared. But I was very, very aware that there was these forces that we didn't necessarily know we would stand up and be QRF to they, you know, a lot of the important work was getting done there. So in a sense it was a very, very good introduction to military service.


But it, when I was with the parachute regimen and I'm not, you know, although I boxed and I was quite successful box, I wasn't necessarily good. Technically I didn't lose, but it was only a matter of time until I was, because you know, I was winning more by force of will than, than good boxing technique. And army boxing is very points orientated and I've, I've not done a long pedigree of boxing. I've spent a lot of time boxing gyms, you know, sparring with people who they used to ask me to. So it's not like I wasn't, but I wasn't a boxer as such, you know, I wasn't seeking to be com com competition boxer.


And there was sort of a push towards me in going into the army boxing team. And again, there was the same suggestion for army rugby, but I'd already kind of seen this at county level for rugby is I was good enough to get in, but I was never gonna be good enough to really excel at it. And I was the wrong shape and size and wherever I really enjoyed playing, they wanted me playing a different position. Gotcha. So I was never really gonna enjoy it. Right. And I actually never really got, it's the county, it's a privilege to play for it, but not if it means I'm gonna be playing on the wing all the time or playing out of position all the time.


So same with the boxing, you know, the boxing, even if I was really keen at boxing, which I wasn't then, you know, the style of boxing just didn't suit me. It was very much straight punching, you know, obviously I'm quite short, my arms are quite sure I'm never gonna really beat on reach and army boxing was all about, so when they were trying to push me into, into the army boxing team for trials, you know, I was being held at a very, very low weight and it was seen as a privilege to be on the boxing team. So when I pushed back and said, no, I don't want to, it didn't go down very well with certain people.


Interesting. You know, and it's brilliant, you know, the arm box, What, what did you wanna do? So I'd already noticed, so on bottom of one of my pay slips was a notice that, you know, it's essentially saying if get paid more and there was a invite to be considered for special duties. Special duties is a, a community, so an SF community as such. So I already got my notice. I'd obviously been to Northern Ireland and saw some of the work that was going on, didn't fully understand it, but I knew there was something else. And that's why I ended up how, how I ended up applying for selection and going on selection.


And selection is our name for entrance into the SAS or SBS. Interesting. So they, so they, they put in, they put a notice on your payslips of who they want to Try out. Yeah, no I, or is it put to everybody? I'm pulling this out outta the back of my, I just remember seeing a comment or a caption saying, you know, it, it is all about professional development or something like that. And it was something I'd noticed that said, you know, there's something else there. Now to that point, remembering that, you know, I joined the parachute regiment really to 'cause of be because it was interesting. I hadn't had a long period of time of knowledge of military.


My father was very supportive of both of us going into the military. He was a huge believer in the military as an institution. He himself had served in the military, albeit only for a few years as a bomb disposal person. And so mostly he was disposing of World War II munitions did a tour in Germany and I remember he had sort of good memories of, of doing that and he'd learned to ski there and he'd learned to do all sorts of stuff. So I remember my father had a very positive opinion o of it. And I don't remember my mum being against it, although my mum was that sort of person.


Right. She was so strong. Even if she didn't like it, she wouldn't have said, you know, so essentially whatever decisions we would make, she would quietly culture the way we went about them. Very clever in how she did it, but ultimately she'd support you, you know, as long as it wasn't a bad idea. And, but I don't imagine my mum would've been, you know, brilliant, but not against either. So I know my mum was actually very proud of it as well. What, so what? So the cap said you'd get more pay, Something about pay and something about development. I can't remember exactly what it was, but that's what caught my eye and that's what made me start of asking questions about where'd you go from here?


From from the parachute regimen, you know, and the parachute regiment in particular is very supportive of other units. A lot of other units in the British army don't like losing you, so they try and make it difficult for you to move on. Whereas I was lucky and I got a lot of support. I was asking to go quite early and essentially I was, you know, I'd not spent a lot of time being graded as a soldier so they could look at me and be like, okay. But obviously my performance was good enough. I did get champion recruit in chaining, which I don dunno what that means because I certainly wasn't for drill.


So clearly I was sort of capable. They were seeing that I was able, so when it came to me sort of saying, you know, look, can I get, have a go at that? I got the support of the unit when I was in parachute regiment, went to support company, which is the machine gun platoon. It's the anti-tank platoon and the mortar platoon. And I remember really as I passing what you know, they are elite soldiers. The Marines in the parachute regiment are the elite infantry as such. And the parachute regiment in particular is configured for air airborne forces. Not delivery by parachute really so much anymore, but it's kind of of airborne delivery.


But the mindset is all about, you know, an offensive nature. And we did, you know, platoon attack after platoon attack, a company attack, company attack. That's what you excelled at. So I, I really enjoyed it. It was very, very tough. There's a lot of getting messed about, you know, on a Friday we used to do a 10 miler test and I remember if you didn't pass it, you wouldn't go home. So, you know, it was, it is a good, tough existence and I really, really respected it. And some of the soldiers you served alongside are incredible people. You know, they, they they're, you see what real professional soldiering looks like. And I remember looking across and, and in the machine gun platoon we became like any other company in the unit when we went to Northern Ireland.


'cause clear's no call for any of that. So you'd just become a normal patrols company. When we came back, we got the opportunity to do the course, which is the Carter, to join the support company machine guns, which is a tough course in itself. I remember it being a month long carrying triple mounted guns, learning about gun lines and everything else, you know. But that's also where, you know, I started, you know, getting pretty beaten up by being in gun lines, you know, 50 cows and you're in amongst it, you lying right next to it and you know, it didn't pick up on the, the time. So it was brilliant doing lots of sport, really, really enjoyable.


But there are periods of getting back to barracks and you just sort of, you start getting a sense of like how challenging this job can be in certain respects. You know, I remember kind of losing my balance a lot. And only this is only retrospective understanding of what was going on at the time. You just all sort of sucked it up as tiredness or, or whatever. You know, some of the, the brigade exercises we'd do, we'd have really, really long tabs carrying a tripod mount, carrying tons and tons of ammunition. We knew it was never gonna fire. 'cause the GPMG doesn't work very well on blanks. So it's a bit sort of soul destroyed, you know?


So, and it really was very, very hard professional soldiering, absolutely fantastic foundation to have built and come from. And the sport I think was really, really enjoyable. Although something in me was like, you know, I didn't join this to be all about sport. So, you know, I enjoyed my time there, but it was roughly about three years. You know, I can't pick out the dates exactly from when I entered or asked for selection. You do some preparation, particularly navigation. 'cause that's very tough for navigation. So they get you ready for selection. Yeah. So the parachute regiment are really professional how they do it, right, because actually they take a pride in your passing.


And so we did some courses, I remember. So when I did drill and duties, which is a a, a lower echelon command course to become a large corporal, we had to do it. And I was, I remember on it, and actually that was when I remember nine 11 happened. And I was on the Jewel Square at the time. And I remember becoming aware of, of this, this event that had happened. And I can't remember if we watched it on tv, but I remember then something sort of occurring to me, this is something really, really important.


But I was on a command course at that point. And so they were preparing me to stay in the parachute regiment on the expectancy that you would not pass selection. 'cause most people don't. But essentially they're also giving you courses to prepare you for it. And that was just simply how to read a map effectively. You know, selection is the type of course you prepare for it, you should prepare for it. How much time did you have to prepare for it? I can't remember. Great. You know, I think it was about kind of, sort of three to five months. You still had to do all your duties, but you got appropriate times. Have two weeks here, have one week here. There's a course teaching navigation. Go on that, you know, and actually that's really, you know, the, the units don't have to do that.


But I think it's a good level of cooperation. 'cause ultimately, you know, people should want their soldiers to go onto the special forces of community. Were you aware of what you were getting ready to try out for? Yes and no. As in, no I wasn't really aware of these units too much. You know, I hadn't paid too much attention. Some people really are aware of it from a very early, a early point and they're working towards it. I wasn't, you know, at each step I kind of did it and then reviewed what I was, where I was and was like, okay, well you know, is there a next bit?


Where do I go next? So I hadn't really considered it and I hadn't really considered their role. It changes, well their role doesn't change, but what they're doing at a one time does. But I simply just went on selection because it was a progressive step. Gotcha. And it was a, you know, highly, highly, highly respected community. The whole community is within the military. So it was a natural place to go. And I didn't necessarily take loads of advice, anything I sought, sought it, you know, just instinct saying it's a good move to make. So go there and, yeah, I mean it's, what Was it, what was it like checking in for selection?


Daunting. 'cause he, he got so many people there. How many, I think on my selection, and forgive me for the numbers 'cause I really can't remember how to be accurate on these, but 2, 4, 2 40 or something started 240 people. Yeah, I think so. Yes. I mean, you get some that are 120 something, 160. I think ours was particularly big Because of nine 11 Potentially. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I Do. What did, what was the, I mean, what, what did, what was the pulse of UK when nine 11 happened? So, absolute shock.


As in, you know, I think everyone was universally shocked by it. And there was a real feeling that this is something extremely important that's across the society and the public. I think there was a real nervousness about it is just shock, you know, it's like how has this happened? And, and you know, within the military there was an anticipation of what was to come. We knew it was gonna be something. No one was guessing what, but we knew that there was gonna be an extremely important part to play. And I, you know, and again, thinking about what people were feeling or whatever is a very kinda sort of inaccurate science.


But it really, really got the sense that people felt threatened themselves by it. You know, why could this not as equally happen in this country? You know? And so I think it was took extremely seriously. I think there was an expectation of what was to come. And I think people were, everyone was watching it very, very intently to see what was, what was gonna be the response. And I would people capitulate and give the people the responsible up, which they didn't. So you, you joined a 21, spent three years, nine 11 happens in there, and then by the time you're 24, you're trying out for That's right.


Yeah. Selection about mid 24, I think it was. And it takes six, six months Selection. Yes. Tested every day. So by the time, probably 25, by the time I went in, I mean, I, I can't feel, I, if I got a pen and paper, I'd be able to work it out. I was either 24 when I became what's called badged or I was 25. Okay. So what is, what does day one look like when you go to selection? Just a mass of people, you know, and I can't even remember. It is a, it is very, very, very physical and it's designed to be that way. And we always, I'm always sort made a joke you could turn up as an Olympian and be no better off than the next person in about two weeks.


'cause that's what it's designed to do is strip you down physically. Because what they're really interested in is what sort of person are you, you know, and how sort of mentally a tough implied can you be. And you can't test that out when there's still such massive individual differences in physicality. So, you know, it's not that you can reduce everyone down to a level platform. How would they do that? Just, you know, there's runs all the time. Carries up hills almost at every point you're getting run around to do something. There's some tuition in it. So they're teaching you some skills in how to then do test week and they're building you up and developing.


I mean, let's face it, no one's succeeding in their job. If everyone fails everything you need to get people through these. So ultimately I saw what they were doing as it was helpful and the Ds were extremely well trained and they essentially preparing you, although it didn't feel like it. What's interesting about selections don't get any encouragement at all. That's one of the tests is seeing what's inside you. You know, it's like, you know, you don't get shouted at play a few games with you that, you know, give you call you a name or two, right? They're not necessarily trying to be your friend, but they're certainly not giving you any encouragement and you don't really get shouted at you.


You know, if you've had enough, you get told to put your berg down. And that was very, very interesting because I think essentially what they're looking at is each individual to sort of demonstrate who they are themselves, you know? And I tend to see that the people who are there to try and just impress the, the directing staff, you know, they'd be some of the first to go. Really? Yeah. Do most people quit or do they fail? Most people quit. Well, no, in the first part, which is all physical. It's hills and tests over marches, test marches with weight, it's, people will fail mostly at that point.


So that's the big reduction in numbers. But when you go into the jungle, that's when people, more people will fail themselves by withdrawing When you go into the jungle. Yes. So, so this isn't, this isn't just a selection that takes place in uk No. See, you bounce only what that part is, we go into the jungle for a considerable period of time, and that's from the history of the unit having served in the jungle inlay and seeing some of the challenges of that environment. So they look at you in the jungle, and the jungle is a real great arbiter. Right? You know, you know, you could get these people who make a very good play of who they are in the jungle.


We exposes you straight away. You know, it's a very, very tough environment being where Do you go? So over by Malaysia. So it's all over in the Malaya, in the Malaya area. So is, is selection broken up into phases or is it, yes. How long is it? You say six months? Yes, it's six months. I remember it's 182 tested days. It's actually a no, it is tested, but at certain stages you then become expected to pass. But essentially you've got, you've got your physical part, which is your hills phase. You've got your jungle part, which is when they start being interested in who you are. So they look at you as a character and they start, most importantly, they're looking whether you support one another because you can go into, They want a team player.


You can be the biggest superstar, you know, the greatest physical, you know, Specimen, Specimen in the world. If you cannot work amongst other people and support one another, you are never gonna be good to, in my opinion, any special forces unit. But definitely not that One. And that's a really, really key trait that they're looking for. And they're also looking for that thing in you that says, you know, it's got too tough. I want some respite, I need a moment. And that's called voluntary withdrawal. What? So the first is all RUP marches and yes, physical test, what are you doing in the jungle? Jungle is more operating in the jungle.


And it's not spec, it's basically used because it's such an amazing environment. See what soldiers are like and characters are like, but you are also starting to learn the SOPs, the standard operating procedures, how to exist in a tough environment. You do a lot of patrolling, you do a small amount of survival, you do other bits. But essentially it's really used as a way of looking at you to see whether you are suitable for service, What kind of survival. So you just go without food and then it's up to you to kind of survive. You know, they bump you at one point like they usually do. See how you respond to things.


You have to go on long, long patrols and you know, the jungle is a very tough environment to exist in. You know, you, You, you, You, you only sleep at night, you get up in the morning in the dark, put cold, wet clothes on. You have to work hard to stop your body from rotting, you know? So all of these things are very interesting things to look at when you're trying to evaluate someone for whether they're gonna take the easy way out, you know, whether they're sort of nipping on their administration, you know, and you make mistake in the jungle, you aren't coming back from it. Right. You just aren't. How long is the jungle phase?


So six weeks. Six weeks. No, but not all of that's in jungle. Some of it's preparation. I'm sure it's six weeks. Some, some something like six weeks. Close to six weeks. Yeah. Yeah. How long do you go without food? Not, not, not long. There just, I think it's, it's just a kind of introduction to, because I haven't had the chance to train you at this point, you know, I haven't had the chance to Instruction. Oh, so this is like light instruction, like very little Instruction. Yeah. So most of all they're looking at you. Okay. You learn enough to be quite basic in the jungle patrol, set up your camps, whatever you do, they're really just looking at you observing.


Yeah. And ranges in the jungle, extremely tough. You know, the environment is really kind of quite oppressive. You can't see far, you know, again, it's, you have to rely on a lot of your instincts to tell you what's going on. You know, it's, it's very noisy, can be very wet. However, everything's trying to eat you. And it's all really small, you know, and it can't, can be very, very uncomfortable. If you take shortcuts on your administration, you'll quickly become ill. Your body will start having problems and rotting, you know. So all of these things they can just allow to happen. You know, you do some really, really tough physical tests, very, very humid.


You know, the, the, the hills there are very, very steep. So you do some very, very tough physical tests and they're looking for that moment, you know, looking for that moment. And you say, look, you know, I'm done, I'm done. Or you know, and the vast majority of people who say that they've kind of changed their mind quite soon after. But that's what they're looking for. What, where do you go after jungle phase? So they do a review every run and then they pass a for you afterwards. The ones that have done. Then you go and do a series of different courses, sort of tuition courses. So you cover stuff like signals.


I think I might be getting the order mixed up here. But you know, you do your skills and you learn various things. But the significant phases, then you start going into mastering basic op. So living close with people in, in holes and mastering some sort of elementary elements of surveillance and reconnaissance. Then you, I think do some parachuting for the ones who are not. So for us, I was a trained para paratrooper ready, so I didn't have to do the basic part, just had to convert onto different parachutes. There's an element of starting to do sort of multi-floor, multi-room combat, which is, you know, CQB is very, very tough testing environments.


The margins are very small and the arcs are down. So that can be a challenge for certain people. And again, all of these things, if they deem you unsafe, then ultimately they fail you. Last thing people want in this, in these sorts of roles is people are outta their depth all the time. So they, that's why it's called pass or fail all the way through, But it's unlikely you're gonna start failing after that. There's a After CQB? No. So it, there's an escape evasion phase, it's quite iconic and it split up into how to survive out in the wild, out in unsupported environment.


And then there's a, a part where you just get chased around by hunt force and there's another part where you go and, you know, you have your introductions to interrogation phases and things like that. You know, at that point if you've passed that you are expected to pass. Oh, okay. But it, you know, if you get through the jungle people, that's the majority. Yeah. You'd be like, you know, you don't want to lose people after that. You know, I, I did pick up on it, it's, but it's not, it's not supposed to be friendly, but you kind of, oh this is a joint effort and there was a level of trust in it. You know, the way I went about selection is, you know, I was like, I'm just gonna be here.


I'm never gonna question whether I'm good enough or not. 'cause actually it's up to Ds to tell you that. And they will do, you know, and actually if, if you're gonna be failed, you know, and I found it was a better way to go about it for me because then have to keep questioning, am I good enough for this? Have I done well enough? You know, you cannot go through that period of training and have not have a couple of mistakes. You know, you have a couple of safety calls, all that sort of stuff, you know, and that can weigh heavily on you if you let it. So you just accept it, it's moved on. Do you know what, it's your decision, you know, at the end of the day, you know, you're either gonna get carried off because you're injured or you're gonna get fell 'cause you're not good enough.


And that's, that was a good enough sort of stage for me, you know, and essentially, you know, it's not comfortable. It's not meant to be comfortable and parts of it are enjoyable, but only very, very small parts. How many people disappeared from the start until after Jungle Phase? How many people disappeared? So if I remember rightly, I think after the Jungle we're down to roughly about 36. Oh shit. I dunno why almost everybody six out. Yeah. Yeah. So, but the, the main loss of numbers is, is on the physical phase. Gotcha.


At the start, you know, and they, they, I don't think selections change much, you know, it's a tried and tested pathway and it prepares people very well, but they may have adjusted certain parts of it now and the way they do it. But essentially, you know, there's a test at the end of the first week and if you don't pass that and a lot of people don't then that, so you lose a lot of numbers in the first week and down. But you know, it's point of staying on the course if you're never gonna make it to the end. Right. It's better to sort everyone out quite early, look at things and I dunno why 36 stands ahead, but it does, I'm pretty sure 36 by the end of that phase. And then we only lost I think another 10.


Wow. I think so. And they split So down from about roughly 240 people to 26 by the End? I think so, yeah. And they, they were split between the two units, you know, SAS and sb. How do you know? Well, we'll get there. So what happens when you pass everything? Can't remember. So I think it's, it's work as normal. You get sent to a squadron and I think, What do they tell you? I mean, is there a graduation they tell you congratulations, I don't remember one I you get given that you get a visit from the commander who gives you your be and it's an enormously proud like moment.


Hugely proud. You know, I remember passing the jungle and it was just like, wow. You know, and bearing in mind I hadn't gone into this with the sort of knowing a lot about it, you know, so that sense of like really valuable will to be part of this was really from, from my first interactions from going on there. And I remember a huge sense of pride from, you know, from getting that bearing. And it's given to you, I'm pretty sure by the commander in the, the existing tar major. I can't even remember where it happened, I assume in Hereford somewhere, but I think it's fairly sort of inauspicious, but it's very, very special moment.


So it's like well done. But essentially everyone then joins their squadrons and off they go, how do You know if you're going SAS or SBS In those days? It was choice. It was choice. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And it makes sense for there to be choice. And I have this conversation quite a lot about, you know, para Paratroopers and Marines, you know, you know these, they're both elite infantry and they're both incredible professional soldiers. There's something within you that wants to be a paratrooper and an Airborne Forces and there's something in you that wants to be a Marine. And I think that is good to have that element of still I want to be that. I think it's that final part of pride, you know?


And it's interesting seeing what choices people make, you know, and you SBS is a mainly maritime organization. We share all of the same roles, missions and tasks, but their emphasis is maritime. Their emphasis was emphasis was they sort of air and land didn't mean that others didn't support one another in it, but you know, essentially it made sense that people got to make the choice. But in terms of professionalism as soldiers and in terms of what you are asked to do, they're equals there isn't a difference. And you do the same selection.


You, you, you go into the same environment as such totally different in locations and you know, a sense, but you are, you have signed up to special forces units at that level. Yeah. And that's what you're asked to do, do. And you picked SAS. Yes, yes. At the time. And you know, if I do it all again, I'd pick that again. You know, that's, that was what was within me, you know, and I don't, don't mind maritime environment. Yeah. But it's, yeah. You know, at, at that time it was all paratrooper and, and this, this, this, that and the other. You know, and it's important to mention that both those units select, you know, from all over, many have international people that join from, you know, New Zealand had a number of friends who were New Zealanders, you know, and that goes, that hawks back to its heritage in World War ii, which is essentially if we understand your background and you share our mission, then you are welcome to come and have a try.


Oh, interesting. You know, so, you know, at the end of the day, it's not that you're precluded, but you would expect the SBS to be quite heavily marine orientated. Gotcha. The parachute regiment used to have a lot of people in, but think it's more, definitely more sort of spread now between people. But let's face it, if you're a really decent professional soldier, you can learn the rest of the skills. And what's beautiful about Special Forces role is it is quite varied and it's multiple skills all applied and most of those can be taught and trained if you've got the right characteristics to apply to it.


Yeah, yeah. Well let's take a quick break and then when we come back we'll talk about how it was to check into the unit. Yes. Perfect. Perfect.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. Fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus get support from train plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape and learn how to care for them. I've learned so much in the plants they sent me look amazing. I'm ordering oak trees to plant at my new studio and I can't wait to show you this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals in listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code SRS at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com using the code SRS at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


Let me tell you, I've had my Helix mattress that they sent me to try for years now and it's really helped me sleep through the night and feel energized the next morning. And that energy gives me enough strength to get through my busy days. There's no question. I know I'm sleeping better with my Helix than with my old mattress and it's helped my aches and pains and really improved my everyday life. Helix is an award-winning mattress brand and they're recommended by many for improving sleep. They know everyone's unique and they can match you based on your body type and sleep preferences. So what are you waiting for? For an exclusive offer for my listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off sitewide plus a free bedding bundle that includes a sheet set and a mattress protector with any lux or elite mattress order. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 27% off sitewide plus a free bedding bundle that includes a sheet set and a mattress protector with any lux or elite mattress order Helix sleep.com/ss.


Alright John, we're back from the break. So I want to talk about what it was like for you to check into the legendary SAS unit. Yeah, I mean it, it's really, you enter a, an ecosystem that's already running hot and essentially it's a constant process of courses, training and deployments when they happen. And for me, my team was already preparing to go away 'cause Iraq had, was already in the process. So it just depends on where you, you know, what, what squadrons you get sent to, what you are likely to then be involved in first.


But there's an element of courses they catch up on your courses very, very quickly. You're meeting, you know, soldiers that have had lots and lots of experience in so many ways that you don't recognize in the wider military, you know, so you immediately, you pick up on, there's lots of other skills that you've got to learn and master. So, I mean, I don't remember being overwhelmed by it. I remember enjoying it a huge amount. What Do theyre, how do they greet you? I think you, Are they welcoming or are they they treating you like an FNG? You know what I mean? No, no. So I mean it is welcoming. Yeah, it is welcoming. It's welcoming but very, very grown up. That's, let's just call it very grown up.


Right. You know, essentially you are on test and trial period anyway. Okay. So you, but you always are, So you go through. All right, so just walk me through the pipeline. So you go through a six month selection process. Yeah, you do. In there you do CQB, land navigation, escape evasion, survival, parachuting, pretty much all the stuff that it takes to turn you into a special operator. Correct. At the lowest level. At the lowest level. So these are the very, very cool, Just the basic, Basic skills. So this is similar, I don't know how familiar you are with, with our pipelines, but this, this sounds very similar to me as as buds Yes.


For seals seal training where you, we go through the first two months is a kick in the balls where it's just you're cold, you're wet, you're miserable, it's lots and lots of PT and, and and physical tests. And then you move into a dive phase for two months, then you move into a land warfare phase for two months and then you go to jump school and then you show up to your, to the unit. Yes. Which is roughly six months if you make it in one shot That that's exactly like, it's that you, you turn up having learn rather than, you know, really become very good at the bare elements of what you are going to need to do.


Now the, So you're, you're a guy that they just, just like very similar to bud's, you are a nobody when you show up to the unit and then the unit trains you into what it needs you to become. Totally okay. And they do it with urgency. So it really depends on what your squad is. It's going to be devoted to, committed to that will inform what immediate courses you are doing. But essentially it's, you know, it's, and again it's a great thing about it's education, education, education. I did a morts course very early I but they all up, up train you.


You immediately join in with squadron training where they're looking at you to see how quickly you fitted and how well you can sink into it. And people spend intensive periods of time training you individually, you know, to help you within your own teams. Another thing that they'll be under a lot of pressure to do is train you in your specific insertion skills. So each team has a real major in certain types of insertion. So it's air mobility boat and mountain sword mount. But essentially you maybe waiting quite a period of time to do that and so you don't feel like you are properly accredited until you've sort of done those courses as well.


Gotcha. But it may depend on what you're doing Now. I deployed quite quickly. So How fast did you deploy? I cannot remember but you know, it's within months if not weeks. Within weeks. Yeah. So no, holy shit. Basically it was because Iraq was underway already. What year is this? 2003. Oh, so that was the invasion? Yes, Yes. Okay. So essentially that informed exactly you are, you know, you you basically, they look at where the numbers issues are and they just put numbers against it. You get preferences in you know, what you want to major in. So I picked air mounting.


That would mean that I'd become very specialist in parachuting. We're all good at parachuting but air just that sort of step up. Whereas Mountain, you know, you, I used to always sort of consider Mountain as a bit of a, an odd one because we do a lot of urban climbing. We do ridge navigating across ridge lines. But you know, when you are climbing a mountain to get to the top of it, it's not really all about that. Although people do a lot of people go up Everest and do some amazing expeditions, but it's not really role operated. It's not really sort of operations orientated. So mountain's quite a interesting one to pass.


But I was waiting quite a while because I did my first deployment first I think. Yeah, I'm absolutely sure I did my first and these are when our deployments were shorter periods of time. What Is the, what is the, sorry, but how is, how is SAS broken up? So there's four main squadrons and there's elements of departments and wings that provide various functions of support tuition instruction back in a lot of, and I always used to say, you know, special forces roles that unit's role probably subdivide it into 70%, 30%, 70% support to other, we support our emergency services, you know, in on, on a national remit.


We do a lot of support to other people. We do a lot of training to other people. And it's also important when you're talking about UK special forces to, to recognize that we don't have a tiered system. So we refer to our SES and SBS as tier ones to be comparative levels in communication knowledge and understanding with us special forces. But actually the unit covers multiple tiers of operations and ways to do things. Okay. And I think it is part of its strength because you know, everyone is orientated differently, the resources they have are different. And certainly I enjoyed having that range of activity and operations that I took part in.


So, but tier one is a status where you can only be appropriate at certain missions. You know, it would be unfair to, for instance, take a someone who has a reserve and give them a hostage rescue to do, you know, hostage rescue is an incredibly complex mission to do. You have to train very hard and you have to be assured at certain so many skills. So, you know, the, the two two units, the SES and SBS are comparative in that, that respect. But they will also deliver lots of other activity and support, which would be recognized as tier two, tier three, tier four. So is this myriad of school skills we learn it's also reflective of that. Okay. So Are you guys foreign and domestic?


Yes. Yeah. Yes, we're global. What Kind of stuff would you do domestically? So we support, so the, the UK has got an interesting construct that you don't see many where there's something called military assistance that can be given to the emergency services. So this has happened, you saw it in the Iranian embassy siege. The, the unit has always had a very, very high priority to support our emergency services at times when it's to do with terrorism. So it's never anything to do with the criminal at all. It's always terrorism and we have a remit to support everyone. So we have to train very, very consciously with that.


You know, it's the highest priority we've got actually. And it's conditioned with dedicated teams constantly. And it's a role that you go through. So that forms a key part of our training and every role that we go through from AGL global remit to an operations window, to a domestic CT remit, we will have a set of preparation exercises and currency exercises we'll do to ensure we've got the skills and we've proved ourselves up to a very, very thorough level to prove that we are good to take over that role. And then they'll hand over and essentially it was a two year cycle. So if you appropriate six months to each and you cycle through that.


So it's a pretty relentless operational rotation. How Is the cycle? So what, in what order does it go? Yeah, Can't remember exactly what order, but it is a tier of domestic ct. So support to our, our services think operations window come back and you have your global standby remit where you'll go and you'll support anything that happens or there's something that happens they need to deploy teams to, so often there'll be small teams. If there's a hostage rescue to do, then you'll be stood up immediately for that.


And then there's a period of training where you'll go away and do some sort of environmental training. Okay. So you'll share it and make sure, because we have to operate in every single environment. So we train and prove in every single environment. So over the years they'll prove desert, approve jungle, they'll prove mountain. So it's, it's always an arrangement. It's got those three pillars in of domestic support operations, global remit, and then a period of preparation that they sort of meld together inside. But taking over and handing over those different responsibilities is, is really non unconditional.


You have to do on a certain date, you have to prove to yourself by a certain time what that results in is an endless cycle of training and preparation and currencies that's very, very hard and intensive on the, on the unit to, to keep up. But essentially as a soldier you are gaining so many skills as you go along and you are taking on more and more. Now. I was, for instance, I became demolitions trained and then even we, he trained so as a breach on certain squadrons but also J tac joint terminal air controller, attack controller. So in our parlance that started off as an FAC, which came sub facts supervisory, FAC.


So you look at all of these ranges of skills and I think that's one of the strengths of the, the, the members of the unit is they become multiple skilled in in lots. But you know, we always used to sort of laugh because it's very, very hard to stay good at these skills and current at these skills 'cause they adapt and change all the time. So within all of that rotation they've built in other courses that you need to do. Gotcha. Every period of time you'll go on a post as well and either be support externally or to one of the instructor's wings and then you'll take part in obviously instructing and ensuring that squadrons are prepared, selection is delivered, all of those sorts of things.


Okay, interesting. So you go to Baghdad. Yeah. Or you go to Iraq, you go, did you go to Baghdad? Yeah, straight in. 'cause it was, it was, I arrived just as I was actually doing courses to prepare. So I remember doing a mortars course and I can't remember what other courses but, 'cause I was brand new, I was doing these courses all the way through. So I caught everyone up really not long after, you know, Baghdad had, you know, people had got to the center of Baghdad and sort of secured it. What was that like for you? Yeah, I mean it's absolutely a huge eye-opener.


You know, experience being really quite sort of being a paratrooper, very, very exciting. But to be put into a complex environment like that, a following up on something that was a war was really sort of an incredible experience for someone so young. You know, really, really opened my eyes for the first time I was meeting and often and intercutting with US forces and then gradually we became part of a comprised task force that was mostly US forces. I don't remember if there's any other nationalities in there, but we were part of it as well.


And that was an incredible learning experience. But bearing in mind I had no experience backwards. So I was quite adaptive state. I could be quite adaptive, but I was noticing difference in equipment. I was noticing difference in techniques, tactics and procedures. And I was noticing very, very big difference in equipment. And at that time Baghdad and Iraq was relatively safe and I remember there being quite a sense of hope, an opportunity there. But then quickly security started breaking down. You know, you were noticing the looting, no one's interfering with us, but quickly there were no go areas springing up. Like I remember er street being one of the notable areas and you know, you just got a sense that, you know, things were gonna turn.


But essentially that first tour, it was very, very busy. You know, you had the, that that deck of cards, you had the former regime elements and I remember kind of sort of coming up against them and most of them were relieved to actually not be tracked down by militias or things, you know. And I remember also, I don't think there were any suicide bombs going off at that period. And there was a sense of hope. But I do have recollections of, I'm sure we went into sad city and we were kind of, there was something still in electricity substation, something that was very critical that someone needed to look at. And I bumped into, I was standing on the corner and again, you know, it was actually quite not relaxed.


You're aware that it was all very, I wouldn't say I don't know anybody that's been relaxed in Solder city. No, no. The, but there was a sense, and it, you know, and I'm sure it was an electricity substation, there was a key of like we can get the electricity stable. And I bumped into a young Iraqi boy coming back. So I was speaking to him and he was speaking English. I was asked him for saying, oh you know, how, how are you doing? Like what, what are you doing? He said, I'm going home to do my French homework. And I was like, okay, well I speak French while I see help you. And essentially I just sort of sat down and helped him do his French homework. And it just struck me that at that time there was actually quite a element of hope amongst the public.


However, you didn't have to look too far to see between the seams of these collections of militia type organizations growing up and quickly taking areas of control. And I remember, you know, they called that debar bar furation to element quite early. I'm sure it was at that, that first tour. And it sort of sudden suddenly occurring to me that, you know, this is, I don't see how you can remove the whole governance from a country. It's, it's very, very hard to do. It's not just about positions, it's about people's loyalty and who's paying their, their wages.


And you just got a sense that this was gonna become very, very complex, very, very quickly and by the second tour it had already, Did you, did you go kinetic on your first tour? If we did, I can't remember much of it. You know, I think, I don't think it was particularly organized. You know, the main threat is we were driving around in unarmed vehicles, you felt quite exposed and there was a lot of unrest in a lot of movement and everything else. But I can't remember people foreign us too much. I definitely know no operation sticks out particularly, but you did get that element of this will quickly become coordinated and complex.


Do you remember your first operation or one kinetic? So I can't really pick it out. I think it was on my second tour. I think it was on my second tour. I mean it might have been on the first, right. We did quite a lot of operations up into crit and you know, it's, I can't pick it out if it was there. And on the second tour, you know, it was more about events that started happening and there were, there were sort of exchanges at breach points and moving to, but we hadn't been, we hadn't got particularly coordinated in, we've been sh shot at from roofs a lot, you know, it all started but it was not really any sort of coordinated action against us and the targets we started on Al-Qaeda associated targets in the second tour.


And that's not because we, that became our mission and task. It's because we started coming across these, these houses where, you know, they weren't that often armed, but when they're armed they were heavily armed, you know, and, and the main thing that happened on the second tour as our own Hercules getting shot shot down, which we responded to extremely quickly and that was a very, very significant moment in that tour. Your own what? Being shot down. So our transport Hercules and essentially, what's That? What what is a Hercules Transport plane? Okay. So we Have specifically trained aviation crews 'cause of the complexity of, of what they're doing.


And at that point we were moving about a lot. I remember there was A, on the second tour there was a lot of moving around into different regions, contacting other forces, doing bits with them a lot up to the west up towards Ramad. And you could see that that funnel and that's where we started coming across these houses, these groups that were dressed similarly and mainly I think we were connecting with US forces. I think the most significant thing in that tour, these were short tours, they were about three months at a time and it was our, our Hercules.


So the Hercules had just dropped off and it took off again was heading for Ballad and it's the time when they were flying low level and we heard a mayday call because it goes over international channels as well. So Unhelpfully Sky News reported it and it was UK badged Hercules that was shot down in the on of Iraqs. It was off towards the northeast or northwest heading towards Ballad. I don dunno the, the details about how they managed to shoot it down other than it was some sort of rocket pack. And the hurt probably was, you know, how's very, very difficult to continue to break up your patterns if you're flying in and out with that density and volume of of times.


But essentially we got into the pums and responded very quickly to this. And as you can imagine responding to an aircraft crash like that, it is, it's all, is almost perplexing the scene you come across because there's nothing identify fireball, there was only the tail plane there. Nothing else that was particularly identifiable about it. Wow. It was coming in night. I remember there was a fire in a ditch 'cause there was an a, a water filled ditch and there was a fire burning on top and essentially we'd sort of cleared the air. It's in a very, very difficult area. How did you insert on our helicopters?


So had our helicopters right by our house and essentially we, we could get on them very, very quickly, run them up and we just flew up flight line found where that accident had happened, that incident in essentially if the aircraft are flying about 200 foot or below and it gets hit, it goes in headfirst, right? It just tips forward and essentially is a very, very complex space. Obviously there's a lot of stuff on the Hercules that needed securing and we had to account for the people on board and that that's quite a task, right? And you know, sadly there's families involved and all those people were related to families.


So I won't go into the details about exactly what we had to do in order to account for them. But I remember a us call sign, a cesar call sign, responding to the call ourselves. Now at that point we'd secured the site. We were just looking at it like where do we start? You know, and we did locate one person, but the rest, there's really no sign of what we were supposed to do next. It's beyond our remit of like how you do this. And when the us call sign sees our call sign turned up, you know, it was just, they turned up and said, look, you know, you get on with accounting for your people and securing your equipment and we will get on with working out how we clear this site up.


And I remember they turned up with equipment. I've got memories of them putting on, you know, like dry suits to get into the Waterfield ditch. Oh man. Even as their jagged metal in there. And you know, I do remember some birding and things like that and you know, with their help we got back in front of what was really, really perplexing problem that does stay with you. You know, it's like, so when you, you you were picking up, sending off and saying look how, how much more, you know, that's a, a really sort of tough experience especially, you know, a lot of us were quite young and that's the first time I saw sort of events like that happen.


How many people Were on board with that? So I think it was 10, I think it was 10. We believed it was more at the time, but it was 10. And as you can imagine, you know, if you're sat in the bulkhead of the aircraft is it's gone straight in in its nose. And in fact we couldn't find anything that resembled a nose of an aircraft. You know, man, almost like it buried itself. So did you find the bodies only one but only one body. We had to account for everyone, which we did. You know, so that's a tough experience. But you know, again, when I'm telling these stories, I'm absolutely completely conscious that those people were members of families, you know, they're in relationships.


That's really, it's something that's always stayed with me as I've gone through this job. The impact is more keenly felt there and you know, I always sort of have that consciously in my mindset, you know, and that was a very, very tough night, you know, and we were, we came, I remember we stayed out there for, it was into daylight and it became too insecure, too uncertain. So we lifted off having accomplished that we had to account for people, which we did. And we had to secure all of the immediate, very important equipment. We came off and we left most lots of the records there. And I think I remember we coming off the ground 'cause it was very likely we were gonna start getting mortared at the site and they picked up a lot of activity and comms that they're kind of sort of getting themselves together to make it a real problem for us.


And you have sort of options there. You can either call in more air and, you know, so I think the decision was, hey, have we done enough here? You know, do we have to stay here? And the the answer was no. So we lifted off and then we did return to the site. I can't remember how much longer it may have been the next day. And by that time they gathered up all of the, the, the metal. 'cause it was obviously valuable and piled it in piles, but at that point you're looking at sort of useless metal towards people. So that was kind of the event and that really was the seminal thing of at tour. There was lots of other kind of operations and activity we got, we got on. That was a really, really significant one that stuck with me for quite a while.


You know, and it, you know, highlights the complexity of these jobs. No one expected that bit. And I think as I go through all of this, you know, all of the operations, you just re-roll, re-roll, re-roll. We weren't as busy on that tour as we was on subsequent tours, but the numbers were absolutely huge and you're just re-rolling, re-rolling, re-rolling all the time and hardly any of it is sticking out. You know, it's when something like an aircraft gets shot down and you have to respond to that and you're keenly aware of like, those people that were killed were members of people's families. And that really, really highlights it to you that there is a big cost to this, you know, and no one expects to lose aircraft, but they do.


You know, and we aren't the only ones to do it. And when it happens, it's, you know, large numbers. So yeah, I mean that's one of the seminal points in my career is responding to that as quite a young member of special forces and that was what we were asked to do. So we did it, Man. What other kind of operations were you guys doing? So as a range, it still really hadn't sort of tied it up into the first one was former regime elements. None of whom, you know, there was, I don't remember any exchanges of far in all of that.


The second one was a, a greater myriad of operations. Again, none of them particularly stick out, but they were tasked operations against buildings of known people that were started to take part in insurgencies. There was some AQ linked things, but we, we hadn't really found a proper form and function at that point. And I remember the country being dangerous, but it wasn't, we could go out during the day, you know, and by that time we had got armored vehicles and I think we were, you know, we were using, yeah, we were using our own helicopters by that point.


So we had f found form function, but it hadn't really entrenched into a, a, a program of operations as such. And the, the networks weren't clear to us either. And that was, that was all right around 2003 timeframe. Yeah. So these tools used to come around quite quickly. The first one would've been 2003, the second one, 2004, third one 2005 crossing in six, was it zero six into seven? That's zero five in zero six. But that's when we were sharing the theater between us.


So the SS and SBS were re-rolling between us and then they started saying, okay, we'll appropriate regions, because this is now gonna be a, you know, a task that is gonna go on for years. And by that point we made our tours longer, I think in order to suit the other parts of the operational role. So we weren't taking risks against them. And so they became six months tours by the third tour. And in 2004 you lost your mother Michael. Yes. So I still try and organize it out my head and I have to look at the dates on the, on the gravestone to appropriate.


And again, it's a kind of model as to what organization of these, these tours. I did eight eight or up tours 2003 to 2014. But it happened just before the second tour. It must have been the second tour. And I was standing in the camp and I received a phone call to come up to the squadron block headquarters and I kind of knew that something was up. I was, I was gonna get sent away on something which was exciting or there was something wrong. And as I walked into the squadron block, I could immediately tell something was was up. So I went into the office and you know, when you look at someone's face, you can see that it's really, whatever you're about to be told is pretty awful.


And they said that my mum had been hit by a car in a car accident. She was very, very severely injured. So when someone uses those words, you kind of know what this is leading to, but what happens next? And I can't remember a thing, you know when you get told news like that, you know, I think your head just goes on fire. Very, very confused. They had a car waiting outside and I was led to the car. I got took down to Hhl Z on our camp and I got lifted out on the reserve helicopter for the teams that were on standby to respond. My mum was declared dead whilst I was in the air.


Oh man. And I was kind of phoning my brother and my dad to see they'd already got to the hospital and I basically got dropped onto a village cricket pitch to awaiting police vehicle with blue lights. And they thought they were gonna pick up something really, someone really important and got an extremely upset SAS trooper. They raced me to the hospital and went, and I remember, saw my brother, my dad, on the ramp and I knew life was not gonna be the same again.


So I went in and saw my mom's body and you can see exactly what happened. And you know, I actually did a further investigation into her death because the police kind of, sort of got some details wrong, not it made any difference. But I remember looking at my dad and I was just like, wow, now this is, this is gonna change everything. He was utterly distraught as you would be, didn't make any sense to him. A car that hit my mum had about, you know, between seven and 13 seconds to see what was happening. My mum had dropped something in the road and it just hit her and she'd gone underneath the car, oh man.


And had really, really severe injuries, head injuries, compound fracture of the femur, massive brakes all over. Right? And actually I'm very, very pleased that there was no hems team, like, especially emergency team that could have come to her aid. 'cause her Glasgow coma scale was four outta 15. And there was a massive, massive head injury around the occipital area. Big pools of blood in the road because it was quite a small car. So she got caught underneath it and rolled under. And the final piece to the actual instant itself is that the lady who had hit her was 80 years old and she knew her.


And she, my mum used to buy eggs off her. So I know the situation intensely, obviously. 'cause we looked at the police investigation, we looked at how on earth we're gonna manage my father. You know, he was utterly destroyed. He just shouted at my mum. They'd been married for decades and decades and decades. And he had shouted out the door, she had shouted and said, look, I'm just off to the butchers. So he used, my mum used to run a very, very small beef farm herd. That was her passion, right? And it was all really, really small enterprise. And there was a butchers in a nearby village that she chose to, to manage, to meet at.


And that's what was happening. What she's doing at the time. She said, I'm just off to see, you know, how we're doing with this. She had tripped into the road carrying trays and was picking up things to put back in the trays. So, you know, of course this makes no sense. This isn't utterly tragic accident. This isn't a case of whatever. The reason the woman did not see there is a, a concept of looking without seeing in, in there, you know, that she may have seen and, and never took into account what should happened. But to my dad, this was like too much.


It's like something he was never gonna get over, ever. And at the age that it happened, which I think he was in his sixties, he felt quite really healthy, really good. He, you know, I remember chatting with my brother and I said, no, I've gotta deploy. So what should we do? Right? We made that decision at the time that we are gonna both stay doing our jobs. Made a decision, a conscious decision that living with my father during that time was not going to make a difference to the, the levels of grief he had and the level mo most of all, why on earth, how, how could this have happened? You know? And you couldn't resolve it for him.


And I actually went and investigated my mom's death myself. And I've, I know the details extremely well in order to try and provide some sort of closure to explain that, you know, there wasn't gonna be a prosecution. No one can, you know, and actually it's just a tragic, tragic accident. This lady that had hit her, it just destroyed her life as you can imagine. Especially just 'cause she knew my mum. So when I were in, I was in the hospital, me and my brother had started working out, okay, what we gotta do, my brother helped my father with adjusting their arrangements. And my father started living alone.


He didn't, he lived, lived, lived in the house. We had a couple of dogs and essentially I think he went walking, he went traveling quite a bit and he really was just trying to attend to himself. But we could see that he was just hollowed out, right? You know, it's, he was gonna struggle for the rest of his life. And the physiological impact of that grief was really, really dangerous to him. And there was nothing that anyone could do about that because if no one can explain why or how that happens, that's unresolvable. So anyway, I deployed, I remember coming back, it's quite a few years actually, and I can't remember, it's that particular tour that I came back with alopecia.


And again, it's now, now what I know about this is that regulated stress. But what was interesting that I was working all the way through that tour and I remember talking to my dad on the phone, which was really unusual. My dad didn't do the phone that much, but he did it more after my mom's death. But, you know, it wasn't like routine all the time, it just wasn't like that. But he would check in and I did a lot of, you know, when I came back I made a point of going to see him and he used to come and see me at home. And in that period of time I sort of saw how he was living and he was living, he, you know, he was just, well is it a generational thing?


I don know, but he could barely use the washing machine. You know, he is, he and he used to describe his darkest hour. And I remember I was special forces trained medic. And part of what we do is we learn off the hospital experts. And I remember driving home from hospital one morning, so he used to describe this moment. So I thought I'll get home early. 'cause I was working in London. So I went back home to kind of try and have a cup of tea with him, tear up with him. And I remember walking into the kitchen, it was really quite early, I remember it was just getting light. It was about sort of five 30 or something like that. And he was dressed in his pajamas and he was just kind of, I walked into the kitchen and it, it was almost like I wasn't there.


He was just turned around and he started talking to me as though he assumed I was gonna be there or not, you know? And I was trying to surprise him and he was just gonna, just don't understand how this could happen. So, so he used to describe this period, this darkest hour and it's when he got got up and that's when he used to have a cup of tea with my mum. And one morning in, in this period as well, I think I've got this right now, that was later. So my father got up one morning, he was due to actually come and see my brother.


It was 23rd of December, one year later. It's almost one year to a month from when it had happened. And you imagine around Christmas when you are used to being with someone, I think it was just loaded up and loaded up and loaded up on him. And he got up one morning at exactly that time when he would be going downstairs to have a cup of tea. He had a massive heart attack and we hadn't spoken to him for two days. So I was at home and I rung my brother and said, Hey, have you heard from dad? I haven't spoke to him for a couple of days, but it's due to be coming to see you for Christmas. And he said, I haven't heard from anyway. And a lady who held keys to our house went in and she found him and he'd had a massive heart attack and it fell over his head had gone through the wall.


It's quite a sort of plasterboard wall. And that's exactly what happened, right? Just overcome with physical grief. And I believe what he act, what actually killed him was something called ta cardiomyopathy. When you're in a unrelenting chronic loop of stress, the re release of cortisol and epinephrine for some reason, and no one really understands stuss muscles in your heart. And the reason it's called kouba cardiomyopathy, 'cause it was found in the eighties in Japan and someone had died and they'd done a postmortem in time and found that the heart, the left ventricle had gone outta shape and tad sub suber, it means octopus trap.


So adopted that. And of course, in most cases, you know, when you've got that level of grief, that level of shock that you have, central heart pain, I believe that's that thing. That's that adrenaline epinephrine, whatever it is, it's stunning. Those muscles, one of those or number sets of those 18 autonomic muscles that govern your heart. And because it goes slightly out shape, it leaves its, it loses its integrity with blood pressure and other harmonies within your physiology. And in most cases that's not dangerous, right? So people that have no heart conditions, whatever, it just goes back to a normal shape at the point where the point of chronic stress had gone. But with my dad, he was in his loop every morning and just crushing period of stress that he was undergoing.


And because of his age, which I think he was late sixties at the time he died, you know, he was just slightly more vulnerable. And I absolutely believe in the post-mortem, you know, toxic toxology reports. And there was nothing that was, could explain for the fact he'd had a, a massive heart attack. He's very healthy, he is very fit, he's an intelligent man. You know, he ate, you know, one of the things I looked at in the fridge, I was seeing what he was eating. He had mac crawl and cold fish tomatoes, sort of various good diet, but absolute staple and things he didn't need to cook.


So I think he was living in this sort of period and you know, I don't think either me or my brother living with him during that period would've changed that outcome at all. Because nothing anyone could have done for him at that point would've prevented him from having that moment at extreme moment of vulnerability first thing in the morning. And again, you know what I'm sort of involved in Now, I really, really interested in the physical impacts of grief, you know, professionally related stress. So that was, you know, how my parents were connected to that. I continued working all along and the people were managing me. You know, first of all, how, how, I mean, hold on.


So you lost your mom and your dad in a span of a year and a month. Yeah, 13 months. Yeah. I mean if you had anything to say to them right now, what would you say? So they left an amazing legacy behind them and you know, they were proud of what we were both doing at the time. And I dunno what I would say to them, you know, I'd just say hello, you know, it's like I look at that period, it's all connected, but it started with an accident like no one could predict and that could happen to anyone, you know?


And when we're talking, I was sitting down and talking to my dad and trying to explain that there was no closure, there was never gonna be an explanation that was gonna satisfy him. You know, he was, you know, so I dunno what I would say to them now, but, you know, if I could see them again, and a lot of people ask me about, you know, who they were, they're very special people then. Most people are special people. But, you know, I, I don't think I'd tan over what I'd say to them at all. You know, you know, they were great people and you know, the last chat I had with my dad was on my sofa at home and very connected to him.


But it wasn't like, you know, he didn't lean on people at all. You know, he, and he was very, he wanted to understand everything. So I think he was always gonna struggle with what had happened. I dunno if he had any regrets over it. I, I, I am and I genuinely, I dunno what I would say to them, you know, they're both people. I absolutely loved my mum. I was very close to just because of the nature of what we did, but equally connected to my dad in a different type of closeness. Hugely admired him.


And, and again, you look at what he did for his life, making the opportunities for me and my brother working extraordinarily hard. You know, he had a business that went bust when the market just, you know, there was no saving it. And I remember him saying, and he was a really, really, what, he really stuck out as someone who was very strong and good and he wasn't necessarily easy to deal with at times, you know? 'cause he was very, he knew exactly what he thought was, you know, right to do. I remember his, his biggest entanglement over the business and the fact that it couldn't be saved is the fact that he had employees, people that had worked in the joinery works for so long.


So that was the sort of man he was. I remember, you know, seeing him during that year, he, he started doing a lot of walking. So he said, oh, what do you think I should get for walking boots? I also remember him having a Nokia 2210 phone. He'd never had a mobile before. And when we now said, look, you have to have a mobile, we need to be able to talk to you. We need to understand that you're right. He wasn't used to taking calls. He didn't, you know, if it wasn't working, he wasn't, you know, making phones, phone calls to people. So trying to impress upon him that he needed to answer this, you know, and it was all those things.


I think over the board life was an impossible challenge for him after my mum was killed. Man, How did you overcome that? Well, I mean it's, whether those two are linked or not, you know, a lot of other things were happening at the time within my family. Those were absolute seminal points in my life. And I talk about this in a very, very, you know, that's not unusual actually. There's lots of people that have these tragedies happen to them. Frank, thankfully that is not frequently the way. But you know, I look at other people's circumstances and they're caring for elderly parents and some of them are, you know, that's very, very tough period.


And I think, you know, intuitively, I saw my way through it and you can see the response my body had. I've still got alopecia now. And you know, you can see that I'm under stress now 'cause it comes back and I've just got it in patches here. And I, as I understand alopecia is an autoimmune response to, to link to stress. So you can see that my body was really sort of struggling under the strain to, to kind of sort re reorientate itself back. But it was doing that, you know, and I actually got beyond the trauma of that happening. I don dunno when now it definitely had a massive impact on me. Huge impact. And I always say it like what happened with my mom and subsequently to my dad. But I see, you know, the dad, what happened to my dad is less of a shocking trauma because it was almost connected.


We didn't expect that to happen. We were shocked when we were told it, but it made sense. And so what happened with my mum, you know, it was actually, it will always be tragic and arguably it's gonna be sad, but it is not necessarily traumatic for the rest of time. And I think it's the first, and again, I only understand this by looking back on it now, your body's actually quite powerful in getting yourself through these traumatic periods. And I think, you know, I went back to work and I was given the option not to, you know, everyone managed me. The levels of leadership I saw at that point in the management of me, I'll never forget, you know, and the people I was working to in my squadron, incredible people, right?


You know, and they were saying, it's your choice, you know? And I was saying that this is the grownup world of sf. You know, it's like, you know, you tell us what you need, it's your choice. And I said, no, no. I can't remember if it was day one, but it was very soon after if it wasn't day one. But I was on the tour and did the whole tour. But I hugely appreciated how they managed me. Especially, you know, you look at the response that they gave me to get me to that hospital, actually everyone knew that those injuries were fatal, actually already been intubated. You know, that there was really no difference other than shaving off tens of minutes by using a helicopter, by a versus, you know, if they'd asked the police, they'd a blue light of me there.


You know, we get tremendous amounts of support from people when we got times of need. And I've always, someone took a decision to use that helicopter that was the reserve helicopter. There's an element of risk there. They look to my situation and time of need. And I've always been hugely appreciative of it ever since. I think it's one of the finest examples of leadership you can ever show


My partner, the award-winning precious metals company Gold Co. Has a special offer for you right now. You can get a free gold and silver kit. You'll learn about how gold and silver can help you protect your retirement savings. On top of that, you could get unlimited free bonus silver if you qualify. That's right. Is a special offer for being a supporter of my show. You could get unlimited free silver when you open a qualified account. So don't wait. The sky is the limit with everything happening in the world today, it's time to learn about gold and silver. Get your free gold and silver kit from my partners at Gold Code today. Are your savings protected? Do you have a hedge against market risk and uncertainty? Learn why gold has been breaking record after record. I believe there's no better time to get your free gold and silver kit. Go to sean likes gold.com. That's sean likes gold.com.


It's amazing how enhanced our kitchen feels now that we've been using hex clad. All of the pans we used before hex clad were extremely hard to clean. Hex clad is really elevated. My family's cooking game. Hex cla pans have the performance of stainless steel and the convenience of non-stick in one pan. Their oven safe, dishwasher safe, and so simple to wipe clean. They have a patented hexagon design that protects against scratches even when using metal utensils. And if you're looking for more than just pots and pans, hex CLA has precision engineered knives that are made of 67 layers of Japanese Damascus steel for sharp edges and effortless slicing. And don't forget hex clad products come with a lifetime warranty built to last a lifetime. For a limited time only for our listeners, get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to hex cla.com/ss, support our show and check them out at HE xcl ad.com/s. Make sure to let them know we sent you Bon appetit. Let's eat with hex clads revolutionary cookware.


And actually, you know, they know, you know, all of us collectively apart from me knew that wasn't actually gonna change the outcome at all. But they got me back to my father and my brother's side the soonest they possibly could. And there wasn't ever anything. And not, not a minute could have been shaved off it more, you know? And now that really, really stuck with him. And I think how I was managed through that period has been absolutely fundamental to remaining through it. You know? And you know, you come out sort of bruised, of course you do, right? He, he come out thing, but you know, I didn't see the point of missing work. Not when it, you know, I had these chats with my brother.


I think that's very, very fundamental. And then more laterally, you know, we lost more people, you know. So the godfather to my, the was killed. And then, you know, over the time, and I've always been surprised how few people close to me I've lost. But over the time you realize they have. So a next door neighbor was killed, a godfather was killed. You know, my next door neighbor was very, very badly injured. And you look over the period of time this happened. So yeah, what happened to my parents was ex it changes forever. You know, there was really, really big, big challenges in it. It was a building company.


They were open mesothelioma claims related to use of asbestos. And of course no one can prove the, that there was insurance in place and no one can prove the veracity of the claims. You know? And two of the claims actually, they worked days in the company, but one particular very, very sad case. Someone that worked there for a quite considerable period of time. And I remember looking at it 'cause we inherited these, these cases, me and my brother. 'cause we were def fact to now become inheritance of, of all this, all these complicated businesses around the build business. So we had all that going in background.


I investigated my mom's death myself 'cause the police got it wrong. And it wasn't actually the details of where she'd been hit and how far she'd been rolled down the road, but it was enough my dad to really just go into almost like a grief stricken frenzy over it. They've got it wrong. Why could, how could they ever? So I went and did it myself and I explained how it happened and I said, look, just 'cause they've marked it here rather than here, it just, it doesn't change anything. So we're doing a lot of work around that. I ended up managing one of the mesothelioma cases assessed. And it is, you know, an absolutely tragic consequence. Where do you know a lot about asbestos led mesothelioma? The shards go into the lung and then they activate about sort of 20 years later and they get sharp.


And it's a really, really horrible, tragic situation. You know? And whether there was safety or not, knowing who my dad was, how he ran the company, I would almost be certain that there was whatever it was at the time was available to use. But that wasn't the point. You know, they would've always had insurance and that's what insurance was there for. But we could not, could not prove who had the insurance. And I remember dealing with this and we worked out which company it was. It was after 16 buyouts of one particular company. But they were just bomb walling us. They're saying, no, no, you can't prove it. You haven't got a policy document, la la la We found scraps and we, there's a place in Norfolk where they hold miles and miles of old paperwork of insurance.


Were getting people to go through this because the levels of of money, you know, compensation that was due to this person 100% and three times that should have been given to his surviving widow. 'cause he actually died during the, the, that I remember it was under a year, but it was nearly a year of, of dealing with this. And I remember at a point where me and my brother had finally kind of just found a portion of the policy number, or we found enough to say, we know it's you. Right? And they literally over one phone call said, okay, leave this with us. It's no longer your business. You know, and if we'd had, if that had gone to arbitrary and it would definitely have been ruled in favor of meso thelia cases and I absolutely complete support of that.


Right. You know, what's the point in looking back through time and going, did you have access to safety equipment or not? You know, extraordinary thing to, to try and address when you're doing that. The concept was we knew insurance was in place if it was a responsible business, you know, so we inherited a lot of that. And it was, I remember at the time it was really, really stressful. Really stressful. We're doing all our jobs all the time. But fun. You, you know, you instinctively pick your way through it, you know, and I do remember in a time chat with my brother and you know, if we'd had to kind of sort of find the money for that atmosphere, okay, we'd both lost our houses know.


And lots of people around us would've been hugely impacted by that. So there were real, real challenges that I even have to just sort of remind myself of now of what was going on and what were the consequences of those untimely deaths, you know? And everyone looks in their lives and they think they can picture when they'll die. They think they can get ready for it and make good plans and or very, very often it doesn't work out like that at all. Man, What a tough, what a tough girl man.


Yeah, I mean it's, I, you know, I reflected back on it, healthly now, you know, I understand it as a process, you know, and you know, I also recognize that this is life and this happens to lots of people in different ways. And I'm deeply thankful for who my parents were. You know, they're incredibly special people. They left an amazing legacy. And you know, for for, for what we had is more than enough to be grateful for, you know, the way it happened. I just simply don't have any regrets over it. You know, it's just, that's what happened.


And I think, you know, it's such an important aspect of life is this acceptance that these things will happen. You know? And you will go through a period where you'll have to come to terms with it. That's a normal process, you know? But you are really, you know, I think back on how special my mom and my dad were in particular, I spent tons of time with my mom and you can think back and I read through her post-mortem reports. I have to understand it, had to understand it to adequately deal with my dad. You know? And I still look at those reports now and I, you know, I had to remind myself of that 'cause I'm coming here and it's such a seminal point of my life.


You know, my life does not make sense if I can't explain that, you know, and I read through those reports, you know, and you look at it and you just think, oh my goodness, you know? But then I've worked as a medic and I've seen this happen to people's families and I've seen the consequences of it. And I've, you know, I've got friends who, emergency responders in the uk, one's a cardiac specialist, you know, the CPR and recovery people from heart attacks and it happens in the street, but no one's present to pronounce death. And I can't, I don understand their particular mechanism. She said one of these sort of quirks with covid is people go into cardiac arrest, they neither go down or nor do they.


And you know, as an expert they're never coming back. So they're stuck. And you know, all too often they're surrounded by their families and they're witnessing this tremendously traumatic event and this person is having to manage this and doing it day after day after day. You know, and internally they have to manage the reality, the knowledge that they know this is already a death. Yeah. But these people surrounding them, they are watching it and they are hoping that it's a life. And I think this is a intricate pattern in life. In life that we have to kind of sort of accept, right? These things do happen and we all hope that our loved ones are gonna be safe and secure.


But you know, and again, I reminded, I had an interesting chat just recently as you could go into any doctor's tomorrow and find out about a diagnosis, they'll bring your life to an end tomorrow. Something's been lurking within, you've not detected, it's not anything you've done wrong, you know, and you'll try and make sense of it, but it won't. And so my mum very much sits in that bracket now. There's actually no reason to try and make sense of it. No, it's a particular story. The fact that that lady knew her. She used to buy eggs from her. You know, that is, if you can't get a story about how life can be, that is as stark as that.


You know? And it's really interesting, you know, because when I was speaking to my father about it, you know, I was saying this lady's 80, I think she was 80 at the time. Like it has ruined her life. Irreversibly. Like this is a tragic, tragic accident. So, you know, managing was very, very tough. And I came back with alopecia. It's like that. It's still there. It's never gone. I can see it's like a little radar now to when life is becoming quite tight and complicated and always it comes back. It doesn't bother me, but it's a mark that you'll wear seemingly for the rest of my life.


You know? So, and again, when that's put against and overloaded with the related professional stress, I used to call some elements of what we do, pager syndrome, you know, you are always on call in some way or form when you're out in operations. You are constantly re-rolling, re-rolling, re-rolling, re-rolling, re-rolling as soon as you're back. And we talked about that story about supporting a, a team out in Rome, Maddy immediately backing out again. And I don't think that was unique in us, you know, lots of other units did it as well. But the tempo was extraordinary at times. You know, 182 operations on third, two tour in six months. It's just extraordinary.


In all of these times they're complex operations, you know, you dunno what you're going on half the time you've got a, a good idea of the broad structure of the intelligence, but the buildings change. There's aspects that you haven't seen, you know, the ultimate in adaptability that you need to have in order to do that. And when things aren't gonna work out the way you want 'em, you have to just take a deep breath and accept they aren't the way you want them. Yeah. When you're sitting on the back end of a charge. 'cause you can't get around the corner and you've run out of detonators with a particular length. You know, it's that deep breath, you know, it's gonna hurt. And in that particular instance, one of my friends got a hurt in his groin and had to be ca act for that, you know, and you kind of in that situation, you're just looking at it, you know, you're gonna set that thing off and it's gonna hurt.


Right. So did you go up back to bad dad after your father passed? Yes. So yes. I mean it, it just, and again, and I didn't miss any operational days, maybe five days at the beginning who I, I cannot remember, but I did not miss an operational tour or consciously any days. Right. But I was being extraordinarily well managed, you know, it wasn't like people were telling me to be there. They were saying, you tell us what you can do. You know, my compass point was if I, unless I've got an extraordinarily good reason not to be, I will, I will be there.


Do you feel like you want to work early just to put yourself back in that environment so that you didn't think about the Passing? I don't think I did that, as in, I didn't use it in that way. But I didn't see a good enough reason not to be there. And that was because I was talking to my brother. We believed that there was no changeable outcome for my dad. You know, that it would find its way, whatever, the fact that we could be in the house more, you know, we had made a conscious decision to, to stay in our Jo Jobs Standing out of our job. We couldn't afford to do that. It wasn't a viable alternative to it.


And I don't think the support would've made any difference. So it wasn't like our sort of finding solace in work. It'd be a extraordinary place to look for solace in work with that level of overloaded professional stress that comes with it. But I think I was quite young and I was really sort of tuned into the fact that, you know, I looked at each one and I said, you know, do I need to miss it? No I don't. And so I did, I turned up and continued to do it. And I wasn't wrong. You know, I was reported on all the way through that. You know, I, I'll make a comment about decorations and commendations people, you know, I've seen people do extraordinary brave things that they've never been written up for.


But in those periods of time, you've done 19 operations, obviously you're going to get written up for certain actions. If you haven't come across something extraordinary at a certain time, then it, you would be in, in a, a highly unusual position for that operational exposure. So you do get written up for stuff and I receive commendations for stuff I was doing on those tours, which is all that, all that is to me is a validation that I was doing my job. So it wasn't like I was sort of running at a deficit. But what you know, I was really, really conscious of is that was building up inside me. Right? And that stress was starting to load up and load up and load up and load up. It doesn't necessarily happen when you are there, but it will come in the future.


What are some of the, what are some of the operations that you're a part of that really stick out in your career? So I mean it's the stuff that on the front line. 'cause they were different, you know, when we were re-rolling and going onto compounds and constantly, constantly, constantly. And none of that stuck out as abnormal. You know, every so often there was an engagement here in a corridor, whatever. None of it really, really sort of resonated, particularly with me living on a frontline in a small team. Really, really stuck out. There is a operation I was involved in, I can't say the place of it, but a large device was set off in an engagement in the breach point when they didn't use an explosive charge in the end, but it set off a very large trione trioxide device that ended up with a house falling on the injured who'd been used in engagement.


These are, I mean, I mean that's a good one to talk about the numbers in that, you know, 28 people went out the door and as I remember it, there were 13 left standing by the end of it, when these special forces operations get complex, they get extremely complex. 28 of you guys went out and 13? No. So this was a partner force that we were supporting. So I was about 25 foot away from the Tristan Trioxide device, but around two corners and up some stairs. So all I dub was get covered in dust, but it, two people had been shot in the head in the initial engagement and a number had picked up other injuries from the device going off.


But essentially we were still trying to work out how we were to extricate them from that breach point position without exposing ourselves to further fire from this, this, this building. That was two story. And they'd survived in the second story because I was 25 foot away. No reason they hadn't. And actually the farm went on for over two hours after that. But essentially four stories of half the house fell on top of the wounded bearing it. And some of the injuries were like earthquake injuries when we did finally recover them. And the trouble is, and I've done a lot of sort of days in urban areas that have been partially destroyed.


And what wouldn't be immediately obvious to people is when you are operating in an area where buildings have fall down, it acts like camouflage material, right? There's nothing ordered or patterned in which your eye can make sense of. So you dunno where you're gonna get shot at from next. And actually when it's a doorway or where it's a window, you can see, see when something breaks it, you know, and you can take a position or you could be much more safe in how you're going about it. And for the next few hours we had to try and stop these people from breaking out. 'cause the situation was gonna get a lot, lot worse. They're heavily armed with PKM type machine guns, one outta MiniMe. And they had a large store of explosive devices that we found out later.


But somehow we had to extricate. And another badge member that I was with, he went and rescued someone from the access point out, breach point, which is incredibly brave thing to do. And the person they rescued took a bit of frag through, partially severed their spinal column. So he had to learn to walk again. But he, and so the people we could get out, we could get out. But there was one personal member I kept going down and listening over the wall and obviously he'd been buried just right by the breach point. And he was screaming, but we couldn't, you know, we were trying to access it together to say how, how are we going to get this guy out? And he completely buried without exposing ourselves to the fire that is coming out there.


It's pretty random at that point. But we went on for two hours after that and, and essentially he stopped screaming at a certain point and we made a decision to say, okay, well you know, this outcome's really, really tough. We don't think it's worth taking a risk anymore. We completely overloaded the med medevac chain, you know, people treating themselves in the street. The, you know, we, I I put out, you know, edicts as such, they weren't orders, you know, I wasn't in command this, but we were helping support them in this very, very complex situation.


And I'd said to them, you're not to take any more casualties. You know, must must not take any more casualties. You know, and there were people that are just tremendously brave. Remember one that had been shot in the chest. No one really realized. And it was some time later until he just fell over backwards and you're just like, wow, you didn't, no one even picked up on the fact he'd been shot. And there, some of the injuries these people would take on incredibly, incredibly brave people and the people that the person we left buried. And, and we made a conscious decision to not try and get him out 'cause he was completely buried and risk more casualties. He turned out to be alive, you know, it's about three or four hours later and it took 40 minutes to dig him out.


But when they did get him out, he was alive. He had absolutely horrible injuries. He'd already had horrible injuries. But you know, there were also quite crush injuries, injuries associated to earthquake type injuries. And it's sort of jobs like that. They come up and I remember thinking at the time when the large explosion went off, you're like, okay, we're still in this, but as soon as the house falls down, it's like the aircraft gets shot outta the sky. It's unbelievable. Complexity is attached to it. I think, you know, I remembering the center point of just saying, okay, well this is gonna take a long time to get out of. Now we have to control the situation.


You know, it's not like you can just get up and leave. You have to control it. You have to contain everyone to the house. So the threat isn't gonna get worse. And bit by bit unpick it. And what you are left with is a ton of decisions you could question afterwards, say, should we or shouldn't we? But that's not the right process to go along because how you went about it was bit by bit step way down the path, finding a way through that complexity that, that, in that particular instance, it's how on earth do we guarantee there's no more threat from that building? Assuring those people, they would, they were injured themselves by the explosive blast going off, you know, and trying to clear into a destroyed building is very, very difficult, you know?


And so we were trying to make good conscious, professional decisions based upon what we needed to do. And trying to implore, you know, the people that are injured try and employ them that were close friends of them. You know, they, they, these are people that we looked after and and mentored incredibly closely in trying to get them not to take massive risks, like stupid risks in order to do something that we, we, we looked at and said, it's not gonna be successful. You, you will not get them out. And it's, you know, a testament to like, when it, when things get that, that tough, you know, people step up. The training is important, but you see the bravery and the strength of these people and how they step up.


So, you know, it's, it's, it's operations like that that really, really stick with me. And in that particular instance, you know, I came off the ground, it's dark really early morning when we'd been there. We'd gone onto the ground about sort of 12 o'clock, the, the previous day implored for nighttime. But for some reason we weren't given the reasons why. They said, look, please can you do it during the day? You can't wait. Obviously there was ongoing threat from these people. They'd already committed attack against some police. And I remember going home and sitting in my flat and just staring out and just the exhaustion you feel, you know.


And I felt it so many times, have you been explosive? Loads of explosive blasts. You've been run outta water, you know, things that you thought were gonna take a day of, took two days. You know, there's all sorts of reasons you get back and you feel completely hollowed out. You know, you literally are just sitting there taking it all in. And I always found I'd just sort of press play on the music in that particular instance. I had to write someone a letter to explain, oh man, don't listen to the noise. This is what happened and you can be proud of these people because is unbelievably brave. And then as soon as I had a plan to deliver that letter, I went straight to the hospital and I seen the guys and everyone involved in that would question, what did I do?


Did I do the right thing? Could I have done that? As soon as I walked into the hospital and I saw their faces, it was like a friend has come to see them, but made the effort to go there. And it is hard when you're facing up with people, you know, you're like, you're looking at 'em and you're like, wow, you know, you got injured. And now some of 'em very, very seriously. Some of the breaks, there was one guy stood by the wall when the bla the wall blew out and a block went straight into his, his la fma and the brake was just astonishing. It was like, I remember looking at him just going, well when you see these people in a very, very badly injured, he's never gonna walk properly again.


There's no way you can fix a fracture that big sensibly. You know? And they're still pleased to see. It's just like, wow, okay, we are in this together. You know? And people won't judge you overly as long as you are all the time. Putting the effort, the attention and support into people that when they need it. And it's exactly what happened to me, right? If you think about what happened around my mum, people give me the support and my absolute hour need and I didn't even know how like critical that need was in that particular position. You just had to find a way out for these people.


Yeah. Which meant handing off that know, trying to persuade them that they weren't getting gonna get the job done at that point, you know, hand it off. And you know, a lot, a lot of the young soldiers, they're very, very much driven by a sense of duty, sense of proof and trying to sort of really explain to them, you've already done your job here and you've done an immense job. Right? We've suffered and as has happened, these devices do go off. We don't plan to be here when they do. You know, in that respect, our advice has always been do this at night.


You know, we always like surprise, we always like to be quiet in what we do. It's inbuilt into us. But when you're forced to go, you're forced to go. Right. You know? And you may not know the full picture, in which case we didn't, you know? And Now I found out later about that particular instant that they had planned two further, very, very large attacks, all against kind of, sort of key aspects of the institution. And they had large stores of IDs that were uncovered as well. And so, you know, and I come across a lot of these people and they're very, very dangerous. You know, when they're turned, they're extremely dangerous.


And some of those countries in the Middle East have got very, very complex counter-terrorism threats domestically. And you know, it's, you have a certain pride of serving alongside them. 'cause actually, when I look at people, we're all human beings faced with different but relatively the same aspects of problems. Safety is not the same as security. You know, to keep security, you have to be prepared to leave. You know, and if you hug, you hold onto safety too much. The security goes, you know, these institutions, these units, these services that do this job are extremely important, extremely precious.


And they protect security, not safety. I mean 19 deployments. Yeah. You saw a lot. Yeah. I mean the exposure is massive. Right? And it's hugely varied. I was a breach of three of them and I used to, it is, yeah, it, it is a lot. But that's because of the roles I took it. So a lot of the time, you know, I got trained as a J TAC early and a lot of those deployments with trainings at jtac or because I had that specialist specialization in airspace management, understanding of assets and weaponry.


I'll go and support other people in what they did. You know, so a lot of, a lot of the time, and again, it's what's great about being in the unit is you spend a lot of the time on your own or supporting or going towards a country to kind of try and understand a hostage rescue. Some of the key key areas of what I did were unsupported. And actually we were just sent to understand a situation because lots of people screamed genocide very quickly. Right? It's one of the fastest ways to attract countries to come and, you know, take control. So you have to understand it. And when situations are so, so unsettled and so insecure, you know, often we are asked to go in and understand situations just to say, look, you know this, yes, this is, this is really grievous or no, you know, threats to national interests are this, you know, we, we do not see evidence of there being a genocide or a risk of mass killings of such sorts.


And in those particular situations, they've probably been the most risky of all, you know? And in those situations you are largely unsupported. You're surrounded by people you don't, you they don't trust or understand. Particularly you have a huge amount of faith. That judgment as well. In that particular instance, we were washing in salt water for about six weeks, running out food regularly. You know, and open battles were going on constantly, you know, recall this rifles like 15 foot away from you shooting out tank barrels. You know, these people weren't even trained to use tanks, just blasting away with tanks.


And it's just massively, you're getting no sleep. You know, it's, I mean, it'd be lucky if you got two hours in 24, right? Racing against margins, sleeping in locked rooms. 'cause you fear for everyone around you. You've been warned there's plots to kidnap you, you know, it's, it's, it's really, really very, very tough environment to remain steady and, you know, we've gotta maintain our opposition here, but understand what's going on and give an accurate thing so people know what to do in these situations. It's probably those periods of time that have left the biggest mark. You know, my time in the squadron, it was quite comfortable, you know, it's like actually I did a, a series of years of different operations connected all up, you know, and much of the time spent on my own and much of the time spent in small teams and bringing people together, you know, when we needed to do something.


Have You ever done a, have you ever done a hostage rescue? I haven't done a hostage rescue. I've moved forwards to prepare the ground for one. I've not done one myself. I've probably done some in Iraq, you know, which were kind of sort of, they're not the hostage rescues. I think about the hostage rescues. I think about those really, really highly critical ones. Done. The insertion is extremely complicated. It's zero sum game. So I've gone forward and prepared the ground for those particular operations. I've took part in planning of numerous, but you know, and again, hostage rescues do not, thankfully do not happen very often because they were very, very difficult operations to, to pull off Downstairs.


You had mentioned that you had worked with Delta. Yeah. What were you guys doing? So it was essentially, you know, we used to, to share lessons and TTPs techniques, tactics and procedures when we were mitigating a risk. So if something had happened on the ground, and essentially I was going over to learn an element of how they do their operations. And that particular operation was expected to be a very, very tough operation. Know, would've been seen in the development of the target multiple weapons. The activities around the target were, were pretty horrible. And so there was an expectancy, it was gonna be hostile, but it ended up with a, a very large far fight that went on for hours and hours and hours.


Five casualties in the first window trapped in a street with houses overlooking one another, the far down onto the roofs and the street. And, and essentially in the first period, as I remember it, you know, and as people are taking positions and adapted more, von was thrown off the roof and it hit the, the team forward enough. So essentially then a very, very large weight of fire came down from three wider firing points. Because it was an urban target, it was very, very difficult to deal with. You know, you're not allowed to use the things that you would use if you're deployed into rural areas or in more safe areas.


And there were certain sensitivities about the area, people living there that made it even more difficult to bring to bear the things that you would usually do. And again, you know, I mean I just tremendously admired the people that I worked alongside. They were really, really professional. And I served, I think we, we were pretty much out for about eight hours and essentially as we were approached this target one and remembering this wasn't my target, I dunno the details of it, you know, the development of, I just know we expected it to be complicated and, and, and go noisy. But essentially as we come towards a target, about one K out came through a checkpoint.


It was a massive burst of gunfire in the air, which wasn't unusual. Let's face it, you kind of, you expect that. And so everyone was infiltrating on and that was actually a warning to target that people were coming in. So they were waiting in, in effectively a free lane ambush. And that was, you know, problematic get out. And that was in 2006, a very, very kinetic tour. And, and actually about two years after that, I was given an accommodation, which I've always been hugely grateful for. It takes a lot of time to write people up and fought at night.


But it was also a a really, what did you get the accommodation for? Sorry? What did you get the accommodation for? It was essentially, so, so we were approaching and dealing with an armed part of the, the attack. And I wasn't the one that dealt with it, you know, I was supporting other forces that doing it. But essentially as they saw it, I put my face, put myself in direct face at the enemy fire for a period of time to close on the target building. There was also a, an access point that was overlooked that was getting shot at. And it was to do with movement across that as well. You know, and it, you know, I've, I've got accommodation, which I reread very simply put, and I just really sort of was thankful that people sort of recognized people in positions.


Now I have never done anything that I think sticks out in an extraordinarily professional way, right? I've seen people equally across the length of time that we've done it on different operations and different nights do extraordinarily brave things. Sometimes they have to, and sometimes they're rescuing people and it's incredibly brave. Many of the times they're not recognized for it. And I'm not hung up on accommodations and recognition at all. But when people do and they make the effort to do it, you know, it's, to me it's notable. They've gone to a lot of effort to do that. But essentially, you know, through, in particular through Iraq, we're working very closely aligned with US forces.


And whilst we're, you know, cultured very differently, we very much share this unity and, you know, missions and aims and it really, really highlighted the closeness of us all. And you know, I was telling the story before about a really great friend of mine, Duncan Slater, he's a w amputee and he got injured in Afghanistan, but we both used to work for a company, satellite company actually. Yeah. We've sat together having a wine at night and I've, you know, we talked about sort of the time there was a breach point. I wasn't on this operation for instance, but my neighbor was very badly shot, hit three times.


One when his and bounced off head a helmet bounced off, but the other one hit his weapon and tracked up his arm and left him with a really horrible, everything's locked up. So it's incredibly painful as my neighbor. So when I used to come out, I used to sit down and have a coffee with him. And at the point where he is wounded, he, you know, wanted to walk to a helicopter, he's losing a huge amount of blood. And we were just talking in general about, you know, experiences with Duncan. And I didn't realize, you know, 'cause this, this person, my neighbor was, he, he didn't want to get on the stretch, but you could see how much blood he was losing. He was not gonna make it to the helicopter. So instead of like having a sort of, you must get on the stretcher or trying to force him on the stretcher, he just gently put underneath his arm and took the weight off him just so he could walk to the helicopter.


And there's those moments of compassion and understanding humanity that really sort of sit with me. And Duncan's story is, is pretty incredible in itself. 'cause he, he's a very special person long before he got injured. Right. You know, and he's an incredible guy. But the point of injury, he got injured in a complex ambush in Afghanistan in driving a jackal. So jackal obviously the problem is the wheels are back. So you sit forward, the wheels and a command wire ad got set off and essentially his rifle went straight through the rifles, held right there, went straight through his arm and his legs took an enormous amount of damage. It got thrown out the vehicle.


And there it was a, like say the ambush was still ongoing. There's shooting and you know, it had all the, you know what we called the shooting ports all the way through the compound walls. And essentially they're trying to call a medevac in nine liner and the UK asset couldn't, couldn't respond for whatever reasons. And a dust off call sign was on its last day of operations of its particular 10. And overheard the nine liner over heard that they couldn't respond and they went and picked up Duncan and saved his life. Wow. So Duncan got off his work, come back to the uk, his legs were so badly damaged.


So they amputated. He's got an incredible story about, if I talk about it, I saw him just before I came out here actually. And he's involved in some of the things I'm involved in now essentially. He was up at Balmoral a little bit later and he knew Hadd been evacuated medevaced by one of the dustoff call signs. And he was doing a speaking and there was a running event around Al Morral up in Scotland. He saw a lieutenant colonel from the US Air Force. So he went up to him and said, look, you know, I got medevac, would you find out who it was? And so they swapped details and Duncan thought nothing of it.


And then he got an email from the crew chief of one of the dust off crews. They said, look, you know, we were dust off about that time. One of the dust off call signs I caught, I kept a book of the things we did so we'll know immediately. I said, sir, who else was on the helicopter? And dunk was like, I was alone. And he was like, oh this can't be, can't be it can't be it. And obviously Duncan very horribly injured. He is incredibly complex injuries that he had. So he then a really perplexed Duncan 'cause he knew the exact time, the exact date. So he went back to his unit, which was one of the other special forces units and said, look what happened when I got medevaced.


Was there other people on the, on the helicopter? They said, yeah there was, I think there was two more lesser wounded people. They chose to get 'em out. And the reason this definitely saved Duncan's lives is to try and move back even by vehicle would've took over two hours from where they were when they had the ambush. So he phoned back to the crew chief and said, look, ours roll ours. There were two other people in the, in the cab with me and what's more I was singing 'cause he was told why when they put him on a helicopter they put Kein into him really quickly and 'cause he's Scottish, a very, very ly Scottish, he started singing in Scottish and apparently the pilot looked back at this Scottish singing coming from the back of his cab, this relatively mortally wounded person.


And it really was really quite sort of, you know, things were very, very complicated. So that was the confirmatory that it was that dust of ade is, we cannot forget this person who was singing Scottish songs in, in the back of the thing. And I just thought as a absolute but point being is like Duncan went back and he's met those dust off call signs, you know, and he said to him, you know, he's thanked them. And I think it's a, you know, just yet another example of how closely aligned these forces have been and how many lives have been both sides, you know, but you know, deeply thankful for support like Dustoff when they come and pull you out of a situation like that, which is essentially still an ongoing ambush.


It's an incredibly brave thing to do. And I know what the last day of tour feels like, right? It's like Friday the 14th over and over again. Yeah. You always think, you know, Christmas is another one. Big things seem to happen at Christmas and I've always wondered about this, right? You know, we, we seem to have some of the biggest complex periods of work, loss of helicopters, you know, big problematic problems on target around Christmas time. And I thought, well you know, actually there's a reason for this. There's longer, darker hours. The given the heat is complicated for aircraft, but also the winter is very complicated for aircraft as well.


And I think the margins for error go up a lot more in those winter tours and predominantly through the rotation we were doing to winter tours a lot. So, you know, I, you know, there there's rhyme and reason in everything if you sort of pin it to a pin, pin, pin it to to what is the reason why, why does this happen more at this point of time? Well you know, people are their houses for longer periods of time during those winter months when it's dark and it's wet and it's, the infiltration target can be very, very complicated. Right. So I guess that sort of defines me as a person.


I always sort of wondered why and I like to make sense of things In 19 deployments and in 20 years at the unit, have you ever had to kill anybody? No, I wouldn't answer that. You wouldn't answer that. Do you have any idea how many missions you've been on? Well, you know, I cannot add it up, right? So the different variations of types of missions. But on the third tour we did 182 and that was at a particular time when the governance was really, really contested in Iraq. It was like it, you know, it was, I I think at the time it was general McChrystal who was leading the task force and it was absolutely critical.


You know, it was at that point where people really believed that country could go into a full civil War. There were bombs getting driven into markets that were killing hundreds at the time and you could not go out during the day. The threat was so, so high and the rotation was just on, on on circle, circle, circle. And you know, that's most pronounced on a lot of the others. Maybe 30 some 70. So if you add it all up, it's a huge array. Yeah. But I've also spent extended periods on front lines, you know, and that's one but it's lasted for weeks. Yeah.


When we're on that front line, we are the top target. Yeah. They're trying to, and you know, we've, we've had some fun and games with particular brilliant snipers and mortar teams before, you know, been pinned, pinned down by a very, very good sniper who remained a problem. We never found a solution for him, but he kept on being effective. Wow. You know, and another one was a mortar team that seemed specifically three, one take towards us and one evening we're just down there monitoring and seeing where the threats building up and ensuring that that frontline can't be broke. You know, it's like constant, constant where's it gonna happen next?


And we had a particular member in our, in our team who used to be three pound mortars and he used to be like a walking human mortar radar. He could literally, it's absolutely astonishing. And I was sat there and I was on the radio talking to the air and, and we usually it's that ubiquitous white truck, right? And we could kind of pick it out from its movement. We'd all be like, is that Morty? Is that that Morta team? Okay fine. So anyway, whatever. Didn't really see the truck that time, perhaps concentrating somewhere else. We heard the Morta report and this member of the team was like that, that's over there.


And the round landed about a K short further down the hill. And he turned around and said, that's that's for us. And we all looked at him a bit like, and I just continued talking on the radio and the next one landed at 180 foot way further down this ridge line. We've got like a bunk, we've got like a position that's all pushed up dirt. And it's about probably at the base three to five meters wide. Yeah. And it comes up that it's, you know, when they push it all up into a berm and it's got like sand sandbag positions, but it's all really sort of not very well constructed. The next one landed about 180 foot away.


And I remember looking up and looking over at the plume coming out and I just heard down and then nothing and it was black and it was like, and one had landed, they had just done two very, very good, very accurate. And one had landed literally coming to the other side of the berm. Wow. Because these mortars are not very well fused. Right. It buried itself in the ground, gone off and just covered us in dirt. And I was talking to the air and I remember just sort of coming back into sort of like realization that that was awful.


That would've took the whole team out. We were all in a vicinity at a radio, thankfully most of them up against that side of the bur Mars, the only one standing up. And it's just that realization they had gone in the other side of the bur the fusings really bad in it. That's really what saved us. And it had gone and buried itself before it had gone off. And I remember looking down at one of our partners, Northern Iraq partners and it's in like dust off all of us. And, and I just remember looking down and we had a house not far back and I just looked at the team, I was like, and bearing in mind they were still there.


We had a choice to try and work out where they were and try and get some air onto it. We're just like, do you wanna call it a night? Yeah. And they're like, yeah, you know, and that was what life was like on the front line, you know, it's kind of sticked out to me a little bit more, especially when the cloud's coming in. Right. And you, you know, the air's not gonna come and help you then. And there's constant attempts to find out where you were. Constant wonder like who's up, what's happening, tunneling, whatever it was, there was something going on and it was a real sort of realization. And when you woke up you'd see like the sun come up and we had our times and you know, our partner force would run out food quite often and they'd come and bring you a dish of fried ine, which is not the most nutritious thing I've ever been fed.


And often they'd run out of ammunition, not often, but worryingly enough they wouldn't have ammunition. You're just looking at it like, wow, you know, you're just trying to hold it together. Ensure that the situation is not gonna break, no one's gonna come through that front line. 'cause when they did, the attacks were absolutely awful. You know, the consequences to the villages behind them. And these were Kurdish forces, a lot of them, they're, you know, different factions of the Kurdish and you know, once when, when they managed to infiltrate through, 'cause there was lots and lots of people talking to them on the other side, you know, and they were constantly attempting to do that.


And it was quite extraordinary the level of effect and training some of these people had. You know. And I think that's sort of, that's migration. There's always been, it's always struck me when I've been on operations. There's been a certain pattern we've had. There's certain groups that kind of sort of share the ethnic identity, religion, whatever they're part of the population. And then you've got this element of foreign fighters that come in and they're either full of fo f but they've got no baseline support or they're extremely well trained. And I've always detected the level of state help that these groups have got. So whilst you're operating against known terrorist organizations, they're prescribed organizations, they're recognized, they have always been receiving facilitation support and people are looking at the whole situation and trying to find gaps in the strategy and go against it and you know, pick those vulnerabilities.


And it's not these people you are facing that necessarily the people that are orchestrating all the finance and all the facilitation that gives them the ability to operate in the way they do. And that's the enormous complexity of going up against these groups. And almost the front line was quite refreshing 'cause the front line was set and you had this period of ground which everyone was trying to sort of find the gaps in and, and get, you did get infiltration a lot. But when it happened it was much more understandable. And it wasn't the same as some of the other situations I've been in. So, you know, the, the front line was really, really interesting. Done over ranges and distances, you know, unless they got close.


And they rarely, rarely, rarely ever did that. All of the ranges. We had to look at our weapon systems and go, okay, well these things that we are carrying on much good for this so let's swap 'em out. So I swapped to a, a 4 1 7 is 5, 5 6 version hk, isn't it? I swap to a 4 1 7. We have a tripod. And so you, you saw different choices getting made, but we were sleeping outside on the front line a lot of the time. Very, very exposed. But it was, you know, quite an interesting period of operations for me. Learned a lot about human beings learn a huge amount about trust, especially with traditional cultures that don't understand about advanced weaponry.


And when one fails and you get fin lot and they, and trying to explain that and they're just saying, can you make sure it doesn't come near us? And you're like, look, you know this, this is not, not how you think it. And understanding about how you deal with people as well. You know, I always used to carry a covert weapon on me. I used to carry two Glocks. 'cause as you're going into meetings, it's a level of trust. A lot of 'em have very, very traditional cultures. But you can never be 100% sure that you knew who everyone was or what he had. So I'd make a very visible display of putting that weapon down on the table and talking. But I'd always have something on me.


And thankfully, you know, I've nearly been caught out once really badly. And that was not trusting my instinct. But otherwise, you know, is pretty much held up. Reading people, judging who they are, what they want, has really kind of sort of held up in that respect. When you're dealing with partners and as you know, you are never sure of who is talking to who and who is doing what. You know is, is risk and uncertainty everywhere. But to get the job done, you have to at least look like you're a simple person to deal with. You know? And sometimes you haven't got the resources to check everyone out. You know, you just simply won't be able to, you know. So getting trusted partners, you know, who can say, you know, this is my place.


You know, people fix as translators. People were able to say to you, look, this doesn't fit. Just invaluable. Yeah. Well, John, let's take a break. Yeah. When we come back, we'll get into your retirement and what you're doing now. Yeah. Brilliant. Perfect.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on vigilance lead Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. All right, John, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to get in to retirement, but before that you had some, you had some other issues. Yeah, and these are the things that have dawned on me. You know, the intensive nature of deployments. You know, I, you know, I've had an intensive operational career as have others, it's a period of time and it may or may not be repeated in that same sort of similar vein, but for me, you know, there was two certain points, you know, and again, I didn't flag it or report it, you know, I'd noticed it in time.


I think it was intuition that told me. But I had two distinct periods in a change of behavior, which is probably the best indicator for me that things were getting very, very tough to hold together. Now, notably, I never didn't work and I didn't necessarily flagged them up. So I don't think they'd come to a point where they were particular risk or danger to others, but they were significant. You know, there was those periods of time where you're like, this is not me now why am I thinking like this? Why am I behaving like this? To other team members it was like, why are you being so hyper security aware, right?


Can you stop going on about the roof door? We don't need to put a guard on it. You know, la la la. And I think that was like symptomatic of the overloading professional stress that's just laid and laid on top. The personal aspects of stress know allostatic load as such. And in one particular time I'd had a really intensive period of operations, really intensive. And some of them were those unsupported operations that I alluded to earlier. Again, no food, no drink, couldn't trust people around you, you know, running out, washing in salt water. And when I, and I noticed it, I was on a period of domestic support and training and we were running some stuff in London and, and I became quite sort of malaligned, quite sort of distrusting and you know, really kind of quite neurotic about who was watching and like Paranoia.


Yeah. It's like, you know, that's not me, right? I'm actually really kind of, sort of measured, trusting person, you know, and that's a good way to be in life, you know, be advised and be, you know, use your judgment well. But essentially I, I believe in trusting people and I do believe that people are essentially good. And so I was, you know, it was really, really sort of quite sort of something that caught me. And in a particular time, shortly afterwards I was having these sort of mini seizures as well. And I think this is just the nature of the intensive training we're doing around explosives at the time. So if you added all of it up, you know, the uncontrollable spaces where you are very near to recall us rifles and, you know, mortars and everything else, and not necessarily the best equipment, you know, whatever it was that led to those things, they happened over a concentrated period of time.


I never flagged it at the time 'cause they used to go away. Used to happen in the morning a little bit in particular. I was sitting down and it was just sort of like, sort of fixed up. And my leg used to lift a bit.


When I started this podcast, it seemed like I had to figure it out all on my own. It was overwhelming. When you're starting something new, it seems like your to-do list just keeps growing and it can overrun your entire life. Finding the right tool can be such a game changer for millions of businesses. That tool is Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e-commerce in the us From household names to brands just getting started. I use Shopify to power my own business. So I can keep bringing you vigilance. Elite gummy bears with hundreds of ready to use templates. Shopify helps you build online and is packed with helpful AI tools to accelerate your content creation. And like a marketing team, Shopify can create email and social media campaigns wherever your customers are. Shopify is your commerce expert with world-class expertise in everything from managing inventory to international shipping and beyond. If you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify, turn your big business idea into with Shopify on your side, sign up for your one month, $1 per month trial period and start selling today at shopify.com/ss. Go to shopify.com/ss shopify.com/ss.


So the changes in behavior and thinking real negative thought patterns creep creeping in was enough of an indicator to be like, I've gotta get a grip of this somehow. You know, and I've got a, and I did find my way through, if I remember, and nothing's sort of like, oh, it was until this date, or like, I didn't go and see someone about it. But it took a couple of years to re-level. I was still working operationally the nature of the work changed because I've moved into the widert sphere of operations. So there's a lot of deployed, but living and advising and I think that was enough space to sort of take it back on control.


But I used to remember, you know, a lot of these space, the places we go aren't that dangerous, you know, and you can go walking around and I used to walk around a lot and do a lot of thinking, a lot of wondering. And I think it's that space plus the training and plus the realization that, you know, these thoughts are not me. You know, they kind of sort of this paranoia about, you know, who's doing what. And you know, I always sort of make jokes around the Looney tunes. There's like sort of tweet birds shouting what's going on behind me sort of thing. That's just, just not me, right? So, and I think this is my first realization that professionally induced stress and personal and the bigger, bigger part actually I believe is in the personal things that you'll face in your life and the medical pillars of bereavement, financial stress, exposure to trauma and separation.


And I like to add separation doesn't mean a divorce necessarily. It can mean separation from your loved ones whilst you are doing a profession where they're, they're they're wearing even more stress than you. But you know, when you are not there to support people and help, it comes with those feelings that you should have been right? And it takes strength from both sides to not have that become a context in relationship. So separation is quite an interesting one, but those are the medical pillars for when you need to be conscious about the levels of stress that can change and physiologically impact you. Physiology impacts you means a change in behavior.


So, you know, I'm just curious though, I mean, you're talking about 19 deployments, 20 years with the SAS. I mean, that also builds your psyche, that builds your, I mean that that's who you are, you know, I mean, it, it it's something you did, but it forms you through the time that you spend in that type of environment. And so, you know, paranoia, wondering what people are doing behind you, always looking in the rear view mirror to see if you're being followed, never sitting with your back against the door or the entrance.


I mean that's stuff that, that's stuff that I deal with. That's stuff that I think that anybody who's operated at that type of a level experiences that, and it just, maybe you're different but for, for me and, and everybody I know that you'll carry that with you likely until for the rest of your life. Yeah. Do you, have you managed to take that paranoia and Yeah, I have, you know, to a certain extent, but I'm really, really conscious that, you know, I don't wanna be that paranoid person.


I wanna be that trusting person that's deeply me, right? And so I actively refute it. But what I've noticed, and I think you're absolutely right, is having been exposed in those professional terms and as a consequence of things that can happen in your personal life as well, the, the move through to normal and stable through to, you know, chaotic and you know, like hyper aware is much, much quicker. I, I wanna rephrase what I was saying too. I mean, because I think that there is a, well I don't think, I know there's an element that comes from operating at a level like that where your ego gets involved and that becomes who you are.


And that's not what I'm talking about. You know, being ans a an SAS operative or operator, you know, that's not who you are today. No. And a lot of people can't set that down and move on and find the next thing. I think that's a, it's a, it's a very challenging time in our lives is to, is to find your new identity. But what I'm, what I'm talking about is the experiences that you amass through your lifetime in the, in the experiences that you've, that you've had in that type of an occupation form who you are.


Does that make sense? Yes, it does. 'cause you've Experienced things, a lot of things that 99% of the population will never, will never even come close to those type of experiences. Yeah, absolutely. Right? So this is a job, a profession. And so what I'm saying is for those type of, for those people that 99 percentile that that never experienced what you've experienced or what I've experienced or a lot of other people that sit across from me in this room experiences. I mean they just, people that have not experienced that, they don't, it doesn't register what could happen.


It doesn't register the the, they have not, they have no, they have no database to understand the potential threats and, and, and, and and to formulate a new way of thinking, which I'm not saying, I'm not saying it's a better way, I'm just saying that I don't necessarily know if it's from trauma. I think it's just from ex experiencing threats that most people never have to experience. Does that make any sense? It makes absolute sense, right? So, and I deeply feel that it's not trauma that leads to these, these issues, you know, and this is a job, remember where you will go back and sit in your location covered in someone else's blood, right?


It is tough, tough times. Sometimes you go back so tired, your brain doesn't function, it's like an out body experience and you wake up the next morning. But your body's actually very resilient in recuperating from that. And the exposure to trauma. And I've always reminded myself that, you know, these are volunteers, they're professional soldiers that do this and they, they live in an extraordinary environment where threat is all around them all the time. You know, you have to make judgments and calculations all the time. I used to call like pager syndrome. Operate syndrome is something different. Pager syndrome is always on call, always on call. And if you don't turn up, you haven't done your job.


And rightly you should be disciplined or get the sack, you know, these are pager syndrome, got spit air on time. All of that loads and loads up on you. You, and I think you are conditioned to deal with it almost throughout. I don't think trauma is responsible for the neurological deficit that builds up. You know, that's the thing I'm talking about. You know, I'm really, really conscious. The outcome for me has been pretty good. I, I do feel stable, happy. I know in my relationships with people, they're fulfilled and good, you know, and I, I don't struggle in that sense, but I'm very, very conscious how quickly things can change.


And I think a deficit is built up and I think it's your exposure to extraordinary conditions, it builds up over time. Your physiology isn't set, it learns and it can go way out of queue. And if you've got problems within your physiology, you'll become paranoid, anxious, you know, the whole thing is out of cue and it will change your behaviors and all the things they give A-P-T-S-D diagnosis for. And I believe that a lot of people are given PTSD diagnosis. It's an entirely subjective diagnosis in my eyes. You know, and actually they're more down to the physical conditions that these people have been enduring that ultimately challenge human biology, right?


And ultimately over the years, you'll go out of queue. It's like getting a weapon site, moving it through a different temperature, banging it around in a box in transit. You know, you need to go back and rero it and then if you are not re zeroed, the thing will slide. And that's what I put my changes of behavior down to. I put like the mini events I was having the seizure, whatever it was, down to intensive periods of explosives, that's when they happened. You know, so I look for the simplest causes every single time. And for periods of time I was getting no sleep. I was just intensively involved in operations. And I think that has resulted in that, that period of change in behavior.


But more significantly, and something I'm really sort of grateful for is through I think intuition. 'cause I never sat down when I left the army, I did something else and that was for different reasons. But I never sat down with any experts, said what's going on? And I deliberately didn't declare losses of balance lost, you know, certain seizure type event. I can't even describe them. I, I describe to a neurologist, like a trans transient schema and she's, no, it can't be 'cause that's like blood going wrong, you know? So I don dunno what they were, but they were happening. And I know when they were happening and they were happening because there was very, very close and intensively training on explosive devices time and time and time again.


And you know, and that's what's led to my fascination and not just, you know, the, the consequences operator syndrome, which I think to a relative degree everyone will end up with at some, some in some degree. And this is a job that leaves a legacy, right? It does leave a legacy. And I think, you know, you know, I used to say it to everyone, no one wins if you break, right? You really, really gotta stay on top of this if you're seeing indications and behavior defensiveness now, all of this sort of stuff, these are the first indications. These people are very, very well trained. Their volunteers doing, you know, something that they have given up so much to do that it takes more than just trauma to get these people completely out of queue.


The normal response to trauma is two weeks to four weeks, suffer an acute stressor, you process it through and it'll really just start fading in two to four weeks. The trouble is, and again, if you've got people who are demonstrating really concerning behaviors internally to themselves, someone sits inside them and recalls the last thing that may have happened, there's this kind of self expectation of trauma now, not just in these really hard professions. I think in wider society now. It is becoming unhelpful in working out the real problems. I'm not saying people don't get PTSD, but it's not always the reason.


And when you're looking at these people that have been using explosives, they've been in conditions where they don't get fed properly for a while, they don't sleep or they've lacked a pattern of sleep, then for me, they're much more compelling reasons for your body to be completely out of queue. I mean, I sit here with alopecia, it happened after my mom's death, right? That's an informational auto immune response for me. That's simple. Yeah. Yeah. It's directly due to that. It doesn't surprise me. And now partly art, I think of this and coming out of this, and again, you know, I left in 21 and that was a part of a 40, 45, 50 year professional career.


A very, very formative part, a part I was extremely proud of. Now I'm proud of my service is one of the, you know, I served 23 years, you know, we sign an oath, you know, it's, that's something I'm incredibly proud of, but it doesn't have to be my defining thing for the rest of my career. And I've actively sort of switched and moved on. Good for you. And you're right, the, the transition period, right is, you know, for my own belief is if you hold on too much to that, it actually makes making the step more complicated. But this step is years. I think the first step is four years to even start shaping your behaviors.


You know, when I went to go and speak to people about what made me valuable for, for them for employment, I used to say, oh you know, I can be an airport within three hours of notice. You don't have to tell me when I'm coming back. You know, I'm not asking for like months away. But if you have weeks and you have a problem that needs solving, I could do it. And it sounds mad, right? And these people don't need people like that. But you know, that was the way I was sort of hardwired to think, you know, that's what, you know on a call, I can go somewhere and you know, and gradually I've sort of learned to sort of talk a different language, a more recognizable language for me, you know, because the further away you get from it, the more you you deal. But you know, there's some real challenges in transition and I think they're further, further complicated with these unhelpful diagnosis in people, you know?


And there's an over reliance on medication and very simple approaches to complex problems, complex diagnosis. But you can actually see the risk factors, the exposures there within the profession. And I've noted a lot, you know, I, I've take a lot of notice about the seal teams, you know, and the, you know, water for instance when you're traveling fast in a boat and it's constantly, constantly banging and you, you know, professional boat drivers in the, in the marines, you know, really interesting group to look at. There's all sorts of mechanisms through that profession that are very, very challenging for you and a significant minority.


And I make the really important point, right? Because service is really great, you know, and service, you know, doesn't mean your outcomes are gonna be bad. The majority emerge and find a space to be happy and successful later on in a second career. But it doesn't happen by magic. It's very, very tough getting there. Yeah. But there is a very significant minority where the outcomes are really, really tough and they're tough for them. But it also difficult to watch because for me there must be solutions to it. I there's, it's not good enough to be like you're traumatized the rest of your life. Yeah. Go back to, to my mum, you know, I'm sad about it. It's tragic.


It's not, oh I was traumatized. I probably wasn't traumatized after about two years from that, you know, and that's something that's really, really, really significant 'cause it impacts you so much. You know, when you are kind of sort of desperately thinking, I've got some really interesting stories about looking after cows. A small herd, but they're woodland cattle, so quite spirited. We had a bull called formidable. I made the mistake of not feeding them. So before we could get a farmer in to look and he had, he just added that small contingent of cattle to his herd. I didn't, I didn't feed them fed 'em too late. And one had the cow stuck their head through to try and get one of the big half ton hay bales and it was laid there and because its heavy head, it was stuck.


Its through the, the, the metal gates that they were had. And as it got more tired, it's pressing down on its windpipe. And I dunno what you know, this, this is post my mum, I dunno what told me, check on the cattle. But I went in there and it's pandemonium as they're not they, I think I've given them too little food, said stayed hungry and they're trying to get this head. I dunno how the head, the cow managed to get its head through this really small space in the first place. But it did and, and it was incredibly difficult pushing this cow's head back through and you know, those sorts of experiences you can easily turn around and be like how on earth did I get here?


This is just now in that case I ended up covered in the cow's blood because they're all de-horned. They're all depoed cattle. But I don dunno how it wiggled its head through. But in the end the solution was to kind of sort of just flatten out the pole of the cattle to just change. 'cause it's fibrous the horn of the cow. And somehow, and the cow was sort of quite furious at me because I was kind of sort of flattening out its horn so I could just wiggle its head through. And he actually sort of pushed against the gate and it just had enough purchase to push me up again this half ton bale, it was, you know, you could hear your ribs like and but eventually the cow seemed to just figure out, I was trying to help it and then wiggled its head back through itself.


And I was like, go, brilliant. But anyway, you know, and it's those periods of time when you've been exposed to these really, really impactful events when you could be like, do you know what, why, why I'm in this situation? And I've really kind of sort of been disciplined to not go that way. There's no solution there. There's no recourse. You know, what's the use in it? And I think that's a very good indication of whether you are traumatized by something further is how much you can just center yourself back to what's important. And you know, and you know, to a great extent, people I served alongside, they're, they're remarkable people.


They've all passed the same course I did. You know, they're volunteers, they're very duty led, you know, and you know, I'd expect them to not be so susceptible to trauma. Although the exposure is massive, right? You do turn up at events and see a lot of trauma, you know, it's like in certain circumstances it can be overwhelming like plane crashes. But you quickly move on and you recourse. And you know, in some of the most recent work I'm doing with experts say that's right. You know, your physiology's actually more powerful than you'd ever believe in ensuring that your yourself, your body makes it through red adapts.


And this led into what you're doing now today. Yeah. So I mean I've got lots of interesting experiences. Mostly funny about how I, so I left the military very quickly. We do have a certain way of going when I left in three months, which is not necessarily what, but essentially I separated from the children to my mum, which was all done without lawyers. It was all done very well in that, you know, the whole thing is very uncertain for both. It costs a lot of money to do it to try and find individual decision making positions. But essentially we never had to resort to a contest.


We never had to use legal people, which costs a lot of money. Money we did not have. And so we used the money to kind of shore up everyone's existence and the biggest thing with the insured that people didn't leave that with a ton of regret they weren't gonna come back from. So that's one of the reasons I've kind of left the military quite quickly. I've come to the end of my contract, I was on extension essentially. I knew I wasn't gonna be operational anymore. So I chose to move on before I went, I sat down with the psychiatric nurse. It's no, no harm to check inside, right? I thought, you know, I know, you know, in, in the course of my career, I know the things that have challenged me, plane crashes, you know, being in situations where you had no control whatsoever, right?


And those are the things that I've remarked upon and I've largely dealt with them. I have my change of behavior around 2014. So I'm not, but it was a good thing to do to sit down and do the seven hour course. The other two reasons I did that is to reassure the people I've been working with for so long that when I was going, I was in a fairly stable state because obviously people worry about you, not me personally, but generally, you know, they worry about you're just about to go into a sea of change, really fast moving change and people don't realize the challenges that are presented personally. The sleepless nights you'll have and that can quickly revert you back into something somebody that's concerning, right?


Your, your behaviors testing, whatever. So I did it to reassure people and I did it. So when I go and sit in front of these same people I promised to be at the airport within three hours if they needed me too, that I was perfectly fine, right? And I, yeah, I'm gonna say, look, you're never gonna get to see it but I've done that file. I'm not that stereotype. I've not got PTSD and I'm not also not making that up. 'cause you'll also think that, I'm just saying that and I absolutely haven't. I've checked, I'm good. Just need to work out work which is gonna be messy I get. So I did that and then I left and in the course of doing that I thought I could set it was at the back end of Covid and obviously everyone had been sort of confined to their houses and moving out a lot less.


So I made a, an assessment that everyone would want to train outside in the parks. And this was still in the course of me leaving. So I set up three areas that I could sort of train people and the assessment couldn't have been more wrong. Like people have been confined to their houses, tested mentally to a severe degree. And the last thing they wanted to do was go and do physical trail in parks. So, okay, I was wrong. I detected I was wrong, but when I was, I was running free areas, I was getting up at like five o'clock in the morning and doing these physical training sessions for what should have been 20 in a class and it was like ones and twos if anyone turned up at all.


And so I was having a ferocious schedule of honoring my thing so I didn't have any money to bring on further instructors. The end game with that was like set up something that was fairly stable that I could get local management to overlook so I could then quickly move on. And again, this is part of the naivety of kind of, you know, I've got no pedigree in business. I don't understand how marketing works. And so I've kind of sort of bumped off all the things but quite hilariously I was messing around doing, I trained calisthenics quite a bit or at least in a very amateurish way, right? And something called plants that you do. And I sort of binding my time waiting for these people to turn up that probably wouldn't anyway.


And I saw like a beam in a car park. So I was like, oh I'll just try plants on that if that was a really good idea. And the beam wasn't fixed, right? So it tipped forward and as it tipped forward I had to quickly kick my legs through and as I did, I heard the old crisp packet sheet white, I was with a friend actually who's come to help me out. I know I broke my arm and I was waiting to have a medical discharge, right? And I desperate to move on. And so I was like in, in the way I was thinking at the time, based in the mind that I was in the middle of a separation. I was leaving the army. So probably my decision making probably looked very, very different from what you would naturally be doing if you're sitting around the kitchen table after dinner and going, you know, it's like go on holiday.


So when I broke my arm, my first thought is I can't get plaster because then they won't gimme a medical discharge because they'll see that I'm injured and I suspect militaries won't let you go until you are absolutely fully fit. So I decided not to have a cast, I was fairly happy, it was stable and I've got pictures of my phone or what this looked like and it was like a spiral fracture of the outer layer of the arm. And at this point I was sleeping on a camp cot, a metal frame camp cot, right? So, and again, you know the, I, I was implored to go and get a plaster on it, you know, I said, I said what's the point?


It's stable, you can see it's stable, right? You know, it will heal quick enough. It was really disgusting color. And I was doing fitness training sessions and I think it was like the next day I was like throwing up in bushes 'cause every time it sort of cracked again, obviously I would have this sort of immediate shock response. Likeman bush utterly mad, right? If you look back on it, it's just like, what did they think the people that I was taking for fitness. So anyway, I've sort of, in the end I, I found something on the internet, you know the buckets gravity that pushed the ice water into, I bought one of those and that acted as a really, really good cast.


So I used to sort of, I obviously going around with my bucket the, so anyway, I turn up to do my final discharge stuff and you'd go around and I'd say, where's this jacket you'd give back? The jacket and all that sort of stuff. The last thing is this medical discharge and I walk into the medical unit and who are all amazingly lovely people, brilliant people as well, you know, they all know us all but no. And I've said, oh coming from a discharge and the lady at the desk says like that, oh no, they go on on the phone since covid.


So I'd gone to these extreme limits to not have a cast on my, on my arm in order to be present discharged that I never needed to be present for. So there was plenty of those sorts of experience that it would just pick, pick yourself up and find the next problem. Don't try and find it, you'll trip over it anyway. And but that all healed nicely. I was absolutely right, you know, actually there was no reason for a cast once I've worked out that thing. It was brilliant. You know, it was just like funny. But if you just picture sleeping on a camp cot with its metal frame, waking up in the night and you rolled onto it and it's extraordinarily painful. So that was the immediate process of sort of breaking free as such.


And then I did some work as a sort of consultant, but it was a really, really low pay right? And you know, I've got sort of fairly, it, it was never gonna be enough. And also it wasn't the right type of work, but it was in performance. Then I got offered a job as a CPI in a fully employed role and it was extremely well played. It was actually working in a pretty decent rotation. It came with a full, full, full medical package. It was working for someone who did a huge amount of travel. So the days you were on, you know, very, very, very long days, like 18, 20 hour days.


But essentially the atmosphere was, was not good, you know, and I, I did, I just wasn't in tune with it and I knew I wasn't in tune with it. And then I got offered a job by a company has satellite connectivity and I worked for them for a period of time and they wanted to break into new markets and they're assessing Ukraine for its, you know, its needs for energy resilience, that sort of stuff. And so building up connectivity. So I went through a period of that and actually it was, it was quite enjoyable. I was in and outta Ukraine quite a lot and very visibly connected with the business. But actually, you know, you could see beyond the valuable work I got done, which was the forward led work of that.


But it was nothing to do with business, right? And when it comes to the business piece, it was all too uncertain. And through that period, that's when the kind of the reflection came on me as like, hang on a minute, you know, in these employed roles people are having to justify my existence, you know, and when they can justify the existence, it's all for these exceptional move into a new market. It's not for the normal everyday functioning of the business. And that's where people sit comfortably. If you try and move into the new market with a business, it, you know, it happens very rarely that people will usually test it and then come back.


So I think the employment opportunities that people from special forces background need to be really, really carefully looked at because it's not about getting support. You know, it's not getting, you know, people to, to bring into companies and employed having felt that they want to give you a chance because you're on a ticking clock, you know, actually. And the skills that you have are very, very effective. I've proved that I'm a very, very supportive person and I love doing it. I love seeing something and I sort of call myself myself a very effective minion, you know? So I get involved in people where things are going on and I'm very, very happy to do it just because of time, just 'cause I believe in it.


I've got lots of examples coming up. But essentially if it's an employed role, people are struggling to explain what your role is in certain sectors and in the, in the security sector. From my brief interlude in that, and I do draw a distinction between the US market and the UK market. Very, very, very different. You know, the US market has got a massive area where people from ex-military backgrounds and it's especially pronounced in SF backgrounds actually not a military slightly better. Whereas you don't have that in the uk. So I bumped through, I got made redundant in May last year and I was expecting contract work to come in in the background.


I've been trained as a speaker. So that's led to sort of two things. One, I did a, you know, I define it as professional speaking though that sounds sort of quite sort of, sort of high up there, but it's speaking where you've studied it for a course. And I did a course called with the Bespoke elite speaking training. It's an ex-professional rugby player called Leon Lloyd. He's actually very, he's, he's quite involved in transition of, of veterans. And so from having done that course, I thought I would get enough of a program of speaking events to be able to kind of stay position, ready to take the contract work and ready to be where the main things I was involved in do break.


But actually that's, again, it's quite naive, you know, if you think about how I do my speaking and I love doing it, I'm really, really passionate about it. I just did one for the London Faade eight different sessions and it was absolutely brilliant. You know, not an easy set of people to talk to as well. It's, it's, you know, it's really great, you know, I like being on my toes sometimes, right? And it's, it's, it really develops you as well. You have to study what does the audience need and there's absolutely got to be an element of performance in there, which is where this course came very important. You working with professional comedians, you working with people who worked in sort of stage shows in this course. So the course itself was very valuable to do but it didn't necessarily lead to more work.


And the speaking I do is always in person. You know, it is always gonna be specifically impactful. I can do behavioral a adaptation, I've got a program for that. You know, I can do any type of speaking and I've proved that, you know, from speaking at cadet's dinners, which I absolutely love through to speaking to defense primes. And actually the thing I've probably cherished the most is I did one for a scaffolding company, which is absolutely brilliant, big scaffolding company in in, in Wales and, and a roofing company. So it's almost sort of going back to my heart. And, but they were brilliant and you know, doing something for the services like London Farm Brigade and sort of getting across those experiences.


But again, it's just reassuring people that you're like sometimes ignore the clamor and the noise Society has become very noisy and it's got real high expectations and actually concentrate on what you've delivered. Because every single time you turn up and you are doing your job to exceptional standards and just focus on that, you know, and some of it, I know it was quite interesting 'cause I asked some people, you know, what do you worry about? And they would say, oh you know, it's the opinion of this or this, you know, has been seen as a, an instant where it should have been better managed.


You go, but really is that your job to worry about that? Actually there's a person over there who's paid to deal with that. You know? And again, it's all around this sort of slight sort of shouldering of stress and responsibility. It all comes from listening to the noise, right? And I say to people, you protect and preserve your own perspective, your own perspective. You own that, right? Doesn't matter how hard, you've gotta sort of close off the clamor sometimes if you've gotta get into that, you know, in their case, their far engines and go and respond to a job you turn up and you do it every time.


And it's remarkable the standards expected of all of these things. So I've really enjoyed that bit of work. The, although I'm ambassador to a performance company, so these, this is a company called Planet K two, this is quite new. So one of the first things I did, I was put in touch with a guy called Keith Hatter and goodness knows what I sounded like when I had my first conversation with him because I was still speaking in a language that people really didn't understand. You know, I was struggling to explain my skills and in sort of words where they're just like, well, okay, but LA so it's slightly after that, you know, Keith has to asked me to do, they have something called Performance Fest and it's run out Soho Hotel and he asked me to be a speaker as a number of four.


And the, the title was using Data for High Performance. And you know, I said, I'm not a nominal data expert, I've got a lot of experience with data and everything else. And the other people on the course was a very high up person in IBM for energy, the head of em, EMEA marketing top possibly for meta and the chief analyst at Gusto, chief Analyst Distribution at Gusto. So it's quite a sort of considerable kind of a professional experience there. So it was one of the first sort of speaking events where I sat down and really tried to apply myself and it seemed to go very, very well and it proved I could do it, you know, alongside and more laterally.


And a few years went by and I talk to Keith every so often, you know, he's, he's extremely experienced person. And sometimes just talking to people, you get the best bit of advice that they never intended to give. And some of my interactions are very lucky. I've got really great friends when I talk to them. It just sort of reminds you keep on your center point, things are good, they're held in together. They may not look pretty pretty, but Keith in the end has asked me to come ambassador to Planet K two and there's a different type of performance we're talking about. I've done a couple of speaking events for 'em and I think they're sort of increasingly looking at hopefully a growing relationship where I'm included in their offers and they do performance as a culture.


So they have 21 rules that they stick by. And so it's not immediately something, I have something to add to their offer, but I also have to learn their offer and their culture. And they've got two, two decades of experience of delivering this. So through these types of interactions, I've learned a great deal and develop a very fast, right? Because if someone asks you to to sit on a stage, you, you, you take it seriously. You go and learn, you educate, you develop. And that's been absolutely fundamental to keep keeping my progress going. But the speaking is really yet to take shape. And I've got a strong suspicion that speaking comes from doing, becoming involved in other very important things.


So I hope that in time, but the last thing you want to do is rely on people unnecessarily. It's their pattern of business that allows you the opportunity to join in. You can't immediately sort of turn and say, things are getting really, really tough. I really, really need more work. You know, you've gotta let them develop at their own pace and it may not necessarily suit you. So I've had had other, you know, extraordinary asks, you know, I tend to like to support people and you know, friends, a friend's father came to me and said a very, very high net worth person's getting threatened. You know, I went and sat for quite a long time with her, looked at the messages they were receiving. Essentially it was down to what do these threats constitute?


Are they real or perceived? I said, well, you know, written that in my view it's perceived, but you can never rule out reel. Yeah. So, but instead of hiring huge arrays of security just 'cause of the possibility of reel, you just need to understand how to control the communication, the means of communication, these threats, right? And understand where that is located and to, in my view, right? That's a threat that you can report. So it was actually a no money solution and it was worthwhile in terms of one, you know, one of the key ones is, you know, reassuring these people so they're not walking around feeling threatened by everything and everyone.


But essentially again, it's taught to me, when I look at the solutions to things, they don't fit what people want to say. You know, it's like these days when you say I need a, you know, what should I do about my CCTV? We're like, well get a machine learning program the these two people don't need to be saying. Right? So it's not necessarily the solutions that other people want to see as well. Yeah. But I have had sort of interesting interactions. There's a company called Cocoon that excellent digital privacy. I hope that this sort of grows, but who knows where it will, you know, consultancy I think is gonna be something I'm gonna have to push really, really hard for when I get home. Speaking is definitely not something I can massively rely on, but I absolutely love and I think it will become big.


But quite early on and I was looking to get on a course at Imperial College bearing on my last time I did proper study, I do have a certificate in international relationships, international security. So pg, PG seven as such, qualification fell short of a master's, but otherwise it's a levels and you know, I went to Imperial College to try and understand whether there was a course in coding I could do or some element around sort of cyber or or or that that side of things. And they did up in the end offer me a place on a, a master's in resilience and security, but on our walk around a guy called Professor Deep Channel who's the head of the in security and security science technology at the Imperial College.


So really, really significant. Imperial College is an incredible institution. In the walk round of the innovation hub, I was introduced to a guy called Richard Sta and he, eight years ago met, I dunno how long he'd known Vincent Emba, he's an engineer before, but Vincent Emba had been writing wave forms and he did it in cooperation coordination, John Hopkins and Kennedy Krieger Institute, John Hopkins University. So medical grade wave forms when they were written to deal with pediatrics with neurological conditions, very, very challenging ones.


And in, in some cases sort of nothing to lose type stuff to sort of affect neurology. So Richard Sta from started a company called what's now called n Mez groups and Neuromuscular Electrostimulation Group. And over the next eight years through a process of engineering. So none of this is brand new in terms of it's a trusted technology, it's an EMS background, but they've found a way of making a superconductive membrane that can be rendered into clove and therefore the platforming you can put it in are endless. Right? So, and these are trusted technologies that have already been used same fairly of tens, although tens is just for pain reduction.


Is that what you have here? Yes. Yeah. Let's see it, this one's the suit. You can make it into bands or anything you want. I mean that that the key thing and the really, really clever thing that's happened here is it's innovative in innovative applications of trusted technologies. These technologies are very, very safe, but they can be made to be very effective and quite powerful. And essentially there's a membrane in here, this is brand new and it just got arrived from Taiwan and this is the next generation suit. I've got my generation one suit down here that I used this morning and this membrane's even more effective than that one.


So you've got the membrane, you've got the wave forms that are medical grade authored and there that's really, really important. You know, it's all about the person that creates these wave forms that signal your motor, your own points. And then you've got something called a stim, which is a gateway. It just clicks on and you press that button and it connects to an app on my phone. And there's banks of programs wave forms in my phone. They're all different and they all communicate until that moment, your own point and the neuromuscular junction and they get the action potential in the muscle to contract. So it's a hundred percent recruitment of the muscle.


But a key point in this, and again when I Richard said, why don't you come in for a demonstration? I said, immediately yes. 'cause they knew my provenance as a SAS trooper, clearly they turned it all up to about 70 and had me running through like samurai things. And I think one of them, the sort of gaming side of things, I sort of making my way to a nuclear core and it's just getting hit and hit further and further. And essentially then you've got outward looking sensors that can simulate gunshot so it can contract the muscles. They, wow. So it's, it's really cool, right? It's like the key point is your neuromuscular junction. So what is this doing?


So this is the body affecting sending a signal into your neuromuscular junction in any different muscle group. And if you look, you know, in, in the suit I was wearing this morning, there was no lower back panel. Whereas in this, there's a lower back panel. Now I've only got three stims in me, I should have four, I usually use four because I picked up the heart rate one that I don't use instead of the fourth. And I left a little bit chaotically from the uk. But essentially, you know, you just adapt your St Steming to the muscle groups that you want to, to have a, have an effect over and, and you can put as many on as you like.


Alright? So I generally they use four, the stems can go up six, eight, whatever. But this suit and it absolutely unique, right? There is nothing in the world. Other suits have got straps on, they're wire, sorry, they've got wires, they've got program stations. Generally gel pads are used to communicate away form. There's three different membranes already tested that are even more stretching conductive. So when you take this to a racing driver and say, look, you know, we can give a beneficial waveform into your physiology that not only conditions you to be stronger, fit faster in your performance, but we can actually generate beneficial enhancements in your overall physiology.


And I'll come into some of the, I'll come into some of the case studies we've, you know, I've been involved in then. But the art is not to say that really, really expensive racing suit you've got, well you've gotta wear that underneath. No, it's to engineer it into that suit. And that's what's quite incredible. So the adaptability of this platform and the applicability to all of the different, so the segments would be specialist professions and I'd define specialist professions by any profession that challenges human biology, right? And the astronauts are the epitome of it. But the special forces communities are really interesting set of people that have got explosive blasts going on everything but astronaut's going into an atmosphere with no gravity.


So immediately it's compromising your ability to regenerate all of your physiological functions, your neuro endocrin functions like your brain health is immediately affected neur neurology across your body and your system is you are getting interference from radiation at a cellular level and you are in a confined environment where you can't move properly. It's, it's an absolute, now it's well known in space travel, but there's so many other ones. You know, you look at fire, fire brigade, they're using breathing apparatus that's changing you. Yeah, you are overheating a lot of the time.


Lots and lots of exposure, toxicology, it's very, very demanding. You have to use the stairs and carry, you know, so there's all of those performance related things that challenge human biology over time. These are what leading to the behavioral changes they're leading to pres to certain diseases later on in life and neurological conditions, right? And so that's specialist professions. You've got what we call recreational fitness and sport. So elite sport is in specialist professions, right? So it's a real key definition to have rugby players boxers, NFL players are quite interested. So high performance type occupation, high performance, you're getting paid, right?


Totally different approach. It's not health, you know, you're trying to protect health, you're trying to condition. Whereas in recreational sports and fitness, a lot of it might be aesthetics, but essentially it's underpinning health. So recreational sports and fitness, you know, I can see this belonging in health clubs on subscriptions and we've been talked to quite a few already. They, these are the sorts of things that enhance gaming is a really, really interesting one, right? You know, like FIFA 24, i, I could, I name it, making gaming healthy. So you're a teenager and you're playing your FIFA 24 and I'm a big advocate of gaming. Gaming's brilliant, right? It improves acuity. It's like they've found the beneficial mental aspects to gaming.


Like as elder is a lost world, you know, it's the children can get lost in this world and it's actually not that bad for them. And the aspects around social media are totally different from what gaming is. Gaming communities are pretty decent communities to be involved in. But you imagine if you're playing FIFA 24, the soccer game and someone sort of comes in, tackles you from the right and you get a beneficial stimulus into your quad and making neuro and you're actually generating a physiological function that's benefiting interesting your brain health, right? So, and I'll go into the mechanics of how this works in a minute and the key aspects of neuromuscular fun junctions in a, in a minute. But essentially if you think that you can take make sleeves, you can make bands and you're really, really cheap bands, you can adapt it to all the, the different markets.


And the last one is medical therapeutic. And this is, I've got great friends who've, who've got Parkinson's, right? And I always have wondered, you know, what, what led to these neurological conditions? At some point there was inflammation caused by stress or caused by some environmental factor. You're exposed to, you know, genetic preconditions are different. I mean let's face it, there are only percentage points subjective whether that was ever, you know, people who end up with cancer, a lot of it is down to pure bad luck. But you can adjust the probabilities of your exposure but it doesn't precondition you not to get it. And this is really fascinating in biology because I think if you look at pharmaceuticals, they cannot, you know, I believe in the power of pharmaceuticals and what they're doing and interesting, a lot of the new drugs are communicating into your own systems to say, go and tell the T cells to do this.


You know, the CAR T therapies, you know, get that receptor to go and enhance that, inhibit that express that rather than interfering in the way they have done before. But what I've always remarked about pharmaceuticals is actually because we are individualized in our whole physiology and biology, we can never be sure what that drug is doing to you. You can't be sure you, you're basically looking at what comes out on a conscious side. You, you, there are some tests probably you can do. Whereas if you look at your own physiology and see where that can be empowered and you use applied, there's a family of technologies and I've not come across a lot that apply in a non-invasive way.


Essentially it's like cleaning a spark plug. It's like enhancing, putting better fuel in. And what they're doing is in, in this particular technology, it's enhancing your motor neuro points. It is at a local level, contracting the muscle. You will see if you want 20% better cross-sectional muscle mass, you'll get that. You know, and our, our remark on it is big muscles don't mean strong muscles and they certainly don't mean healthy muscles. What healthy muscles are is the interaction between your neuron point and the motor point. And this is what is absolutely critical to your nervous system and the neuronal pathways that are created. And it, you know, I've always thought, and again it it's a confusing concept for me.


I've like sat down with a piece of paper and gone, you know, go back to the work I do with the breathing physiology. That's probably the last aspect I'll come on to is how do you get people to understand that the, the power of your conscious mind is in no way any anywhere near the power of your physiology itself and your brain and your brainstem. 'cause it takes over and it's trying to protect you, your built for survival, right? So when you have a shock, you're actually better off handing control back to your kind of sort of unconscious through human evolutionary biology.


It's become highly, highly tuned and your brain is locked up and a dark cavern and it's receiving senses and signals that build up neuronal pathways and patterns that become preferential, right? So when you looking at what's important when you get under stress, so what, what, what is the fractions? Like how would you put this in figures, your conscious mind? Everything that we spend so much time concentrating on affirmations, whatever, you know, and your unconscious area that is driving your physiology and ensuring it remains harmonious, right?


And the figures might as well not worth be quoting apart from the size of them because I came across it quite recently in a, in a news article and it gave, gave the answer right is the, the thought that the level of information you can process per second consciously is 10 bits per minute per per second. I've seen the highest level of estimation of processing thought consciously that ability to pick up that, you know, I want to do that it's become important is 40 to 50 bits per second. The level of sensing of information that is going into your brain that is getting processed and either being flagged up as priority or not at all is a hundred million bits per second.


Wow. And to describe what that, and you know, I've, I've wondered about it and I've gone, how would you describe this to people? How, you know, by doing the wrong breathing technique, you are undermining your physiology and if it's so long as it's zeroed and it's functioning properly, you're far better off handing control to that. Right? And to describe what that means, you know that, I dunno, it's an air conditioner isn't it? It's been going on all along. I've taken that in every different texture and every pattern in this room I've taken in my brain has been processing information on a subconscious level in a massive volume.


But consciously I've been doing an umpteenth amount. I thought in visual terms, what does this look like? Is this the surface ocean via the volume of it? I mean it's an absolutely extraordinary fraction to look at. Yeah, absolutely extraordinary. And this is where I've become absolutely sort of firmly planted in non-invasive technologies and technologies I'm involved in. There's is really two, I'm a data subject for one and highly involved in this one is because I believe they can be used very effectively. So What I'm, what does it do? What does the suit do? So if you put the suit on, you know, and again it depends what you want to do with it.


So are you training for, you know, a performance related thing? The suits you, you put the stems onto the necessary muscle point, put the suit on. As I say this is brand new sent over from Taiwan by a company called who are leading investors in EMS technology and making conductive membranes. They, the company has had a relationship with 'em very, very whole on. Yeah. And they have, you know, they're really, they're quite remarkable people actually Made this. So you, you isolate muscles. Yeah. So in each, each, which is each point in your muscle. So say for instance that's your chest. So you put a stim on there, turn it on, there's the other stim and connect it, Turn both on, connect it through and it goes into your motor neuron points of that muscle mouse and communicates a signal and it clicks like a signal all the way through the membrane that releases the action potential down the muscle fiber.


The bits that I'm not interested in stronger fit faster. So when I have my demonstration, I was immediately, I'm conscious that neurological deficit that is there, I'm never complacent about, I don dunno what my outcome is at the moment. I've got a lot to be thankful for. But that doesn't mean it's good in the future. I look, I know people with like neurological conditions that are very, very complicated for the people around them, right? I'm not complacent about this doesn't mean that I believe that the outcome. So when I would put this suit on, I was like this is a key like driver of your physiology or neuromuscular junctions are the most powerful element I know of, you know, that can drive brain derive neurotrophic factors. There's another family called glial cell lined neurotrophic factors.


There's one I've even just learned about that was only found in 2010 I think called cerebral dopaminergic neurotrophic factors. And all of these factors are responsible for removing proteins and macrophage in your brain. Oh good. So what happens is when that stimulus goes off, your neuromuscular junction prompts your muscles to release these factors into your blood and obviously through your blood brain barrier. That's the individualized bit that lets a pharmaceutical in or not. And we have very individualized biology, including our blood brain barrier can be very fussy. So the original principle I'm looking at all of this technology is being able to press on the factors within your own system.


Okay, your body will work out the harm and they need to happen. Wow. But whatever's gonna be happening is gonna be ben beneficial. Now we can't say to what extent we'll be successful in treating a condition, but say for instance stroke. Stroke is a brilliant example of how incredibly resilient human beings are can have people with critical strokes. So Ellie's stepfather had a very bad stroke, had to learn to write again, had to learn to read again, now lives a happy life. And all that he has is a slight deficit in movement down his right hand side. That's an incredible example of what your body comes back from.


And someone approached the company and the neurologist, a physiotherapist at the time, she's currently stepped away from the company and studying extreme med, which is again very exciting area. Worked with the engineer Vincent Tellen back, who's the original author of the, the medical grade waveforms. And they were approached by someone who had a very, very bad stroke and had drop foot. So drop foot is when you don't get clearance off the off the floor very well. And of course the key risk is not necessarily anything other than fall. So what follows not being able to clear things off foot is you have really bad falls and you injure yourself.


So the, the neuron point fires the foot and I'll show you the video on my phone of this actually happening purpose. So the company put motion detecting sensors around the gate and pressure sensors to analyze the gate and then worked out the timing on which to fire the neuron using a stim and a band of membrane. No one quite knew what would happen and it came back to a 90% reaction. And that's purely 'cause the signal reminded the peripheral nervous system and rebuilt the neuronal pathway and the central nervous system say this must happen and it's happening now.


And incredibly only took a few weeks of using that stimulus. A very simple thing, it's just sort of singling in saying farel. Interesting. Yeah. So it works both ways. There isn't like a link between your brain, your body, your endocrine function and your nervous system. And it works in, in unison and harmony. Right? And what's more, they're, they're safe because when you're pressing from the outside, everything's harmonizing your inside. If your blood pressure has to change, we'll come on to breathing physiology in a minute, but remember the tachos cardiomyopathy, slight change in the integrity at heart changes elements of your blood pressure changes, all sorts of things.


Heart rate variables change. All sorts of factors that have to remain in harmony within your physiology for things to remain stable and set it's absolutely in tune with one another. And when something changes, like there's a factor that comes in it rebalances really, really effectively and really well. And when those factors are going and going up into your brain and clearing out suc proteins and beta amyloid. So beta amyloid being Alzheimer's, synuclein being Parkinson's, I'm not sitting here and saying this solution to Parkinson's. Right? But I do know putting deep implants into the brain, whilst it's absolutely exceptionally brilliant work, it's still like playing the piano with a mallet, right?


You are introducing a foreign body into it. When you have to do that you must, but my key question is how much more could we be doing A lot, lot earlier? Yeah. 20 years usually is the lead time. You know, there's a ton of people out there that are exhibiting operator syndrome type symptoms that have neurological elements to what they're doing and what would happen if we can boost their physiological functions, not only whilst they're serving, but you, you, you encourage it. And to put this in, in words, I went to, I was getting on a train to London and I bumped into someone I knew well 'cause he was a quite famous rugby player, but he didn't know me.


I was just myself from a local club. And I didn't say hello to him because I, I just was like, he gets it all the time. But then I saw the train was delayed and I was walking past the window and saw him sitting down and I said, okay, well you know, it's been stupid. Let's at least go and say good morning. And I got chatting to him and he started talking about his sister. His sister had a syndrome called Willow Barry syndrome. It's where, and no one really knows what kicks it off. But the immune system starts kind of interfering with the peripheral nervous system and it starts resulting in a breakdown in motor control.


This syndrome can lo end up in locked in syndrome full paralysis, right at its worst. Sometimes it reverses itself and sometimes it ends with lasting consequences. Deficits in, in motor. She's usually treated because it's essentially an autoimmune system first by blood transfusion. But as it happened, his sister was pretty much immobile on the sofa and losing mobility fast. She's presenting to her new, a neurological consultant in a wheelchair. And that was on about September the 23rd I heard of it and phoned ms the company and said, Hey, could we provide some products to this?


It happened, there were a load of prototypes lying about on the neurologist physiotherapists floor. So I said, can you send them over to me? I can drive around this person's house, we can give her a quick coaching course in the simplicity of using this, which is put it on, press the button, trust in it and you can do an assessment on where she sits. And I, I, you know, I drove around the house, took round, so took round to the prototypes, took round, download the app and explained exactly how the technology works. It communicates wave forms into remote neuro points. It cannot do any harm. The risks are very well-defined and it can only do benefit.


Then Vicki said, Dr. Victoria Baron, neurologist physiotherapist at the time did a connected on signal and did a, a full assessment of her. And then the prognosis was really quite sort of really, you know, it's like the, her own neurological consultant was saying this is really, really concerning. And we left her to it. Said Look, you know you can contact us anytime but get on with it. And she started using it and within a week she could get up off the sofa unassisted. Wow. And within two weeks she was sending videos of her walking to the pub with her family. Wow. But by significantly in four weeks her neuro neurological consultant and her neurophysio team signed her off to drive and go back to work.


Now roughly at the time when we introduced the technology to try and help, she had a second blood transfusion. The first blood transfusion hadn't worked for whatever reasons, whatever it was a combination of the blood transfusion and the helpful beneficial stimulus acting as a catalyst or a solution. We are not sure. Right. Her neurological consultant, a neurophysio was off to meet us. They've described her recovery, which was a month. So a month to get signed off back to work. Wow. She's an incredible woman. How often did she have to, how long did she have to work? She, we, you know, so this lady is, and this is an important point as well, so I think she was using it every day and just went for it, right?


Every day for how long We gave her bands and you know, for a month and she kept on using it and she describes herself as back to 95%. What, What I'm asking is how many, how long does she wear? Does she wear it all day? Does she wear it for an hour in the morning? I'd have to explore that. I think she wore it for hours at the time. Like one hour at a time when she was immobile on the sofa. She really had nothing else to do. And so constantly, constantly waking it all back up reminding me how Long do you wear it for? So interchanges the beauty of technology, it'll work with you. Right? So it is just going to do whatever you do. We have experts, so O Owen laces is the program development expert. He's a leading coach in the RR Sports Institute.


Quite a famous sports, sports performance, well performance expert. He's got his own sort of, sort of studies and casework. So he formats formulates the program development. So you can just do programs. So I've got 18 minute programs set, five minute programs, all different wave forms. This morning I was on Capillation 'cause it's quite nice and massaging and I didn't wanna absolutely wear myself out for this. So it's real. I'll come on to our 'cause sort of lined up for this as well. 'cause it's, it's part a very, very important part is so it really kind of, sort of just works with you. And interestingly I'm testing hypothesis in my head 'cause your body only regenerates from repairs when you are asleep. So is there a waveform we can write where you just wear a set of pajamas and just buzzes away very, very nicely for you?


'cause if it's generated beneficial factors, you know, is there a further repair element? I have to talk to Vincent. You know, I'm not a biologist. Very interesting. I'm just quite perceptive and I've done all this by reading books. I love books. What, What have you noticed? So I mean I've, and I don't use it all the time, right? I have weeks off without using it. And then I use it for concentrated period and I've used, used it in the days I've arrived since Nashville. 'cause I don't wanna, I don't want to tune out of the, the weariness of travel. I've also tested it very, very hard. You know? 'cause I'm very, very interested and as I say, I'm like this really, the way I am valuable is by supporting other people's casework. And I'm a good minion to use.


I've got an understandable about history that comes with some expo, well irrefutable exposure and expected challenges. You know, and this is why the people I'm coming onto are I'll come to, so the the, the date is quite precious, but I've gone out myself. You know, I'll go running in it and I just tune it in and a lot of time I just leave it off. You know, this suit is just derived from Taiwan, as I've said, made handmade by Mac Lot's team and you know, they, they're an incredible team. You know, they're experts in conductive membranes and they've made this beautiful league one. This is the next generation up on one. So I'm super excited to turn it on.


I reckon this is like a bit of a sewing machine. Yeah. Can you imagine if this is, if you made this all informed and you say gave it to people exposed to certain environmental factors that are gonna challenge 'em, just have beneficial stimulus as keying off outward looking sensors. You imagine the, the benefit for training simulation, the proximity were to a blast and you get a contract in, you know, it's the, the applications are really very, very broad if you think about 'em. They're applicable to all human beings, but particularly ones who are mobile. So if you've got people who are mobile and waiting for an operation and need to drop their weight, you need to do whatever. Okay. What's the wave form for that?


I'm not saying this technology's a panacea, but you start combining these families of technologies up and they start becoming un in unison, quite powerful. And the case work we've got, and I, I can go into lots. There's a NASCAR racing driver who's still racing because of the use of the technology. Wow. And she's offered to do a, like she'd, she'd done like a run of a, a recording of her particular case. You know, there's lots and lots of case work. Now what's the name of the company? It's ES Group A b is this company. Now they're a Swedish company by heart, but they're kind of sort of mixed in everywhere. Vincent Tellen back is an amazing engineer.


Incredible. He's got 30 years, just under 30 years experience writing these waveforms. Wow. And works incredibly closely with Imperial College. So these waveforms alongside other types of signaling, 'cause your body's all told electric, right? And so these waveforms, if you pick the right ones, you can in initiate some really, really clever changes. How powerful they'll be are actually up to our, your individualized biology. It's guesswork from the outside, but it's gonna be beneficial. And my original hypothesis, and it probably starts in the fact that I've got close friends with Parkinson's and you see the conditions that they face on bad days.


You know, days when the weather's not good, you know? And somehow finding something that can happen before you have to resort to the invasive procedures is only gonna be good. And it has to be, you know, for me in technology has to be accessible in order to be accessible, it has to be affordable and it needs to be made available to those that will benefit from it. Talk about this technology, this will be quite expensive, but it's the preserve of specialists and people who want to spend a lot of money on their sports. Recreational fitness. How much does one of those cost? Well it's previously on the market and you remember that you've got this that can actually be made for, you've upscale the production of this.


This actually can be made extremely cheaply. But the overall product involves an app, involves potentially a subscription. It depends. What you are asking for is a bank programs are expertly written. But when it comes down to providing it for medical use case, the therapeutic cases, it can be made to be really cheap. Now, once you get into the scaling up of this, you can make accessories. The box of accessories I've used and I, you know, I'll show you some videos afterwards of some of the stuff we've took into Ukraine to help with the war injured there. And they're just simple pads and they're, you know, and they're not unique to the company. There's only a few companies that do do it. But I've got a, an app on my phone and they've got banks of programs.


So is it a licensing fee for some customers? You know, the good thing about the product is it's built up over, you know, you look at the, the number of touch points, right? If you just need the membrane because you want to do an incredible line in sports, but it's a little bit more expensive, an elite running range. Just need the membrane. Yeah. Put it in the rain, you know, and, and you know, I have not yet come across a garment that hasn't active technology in it. There's lots that inform, you know, I've done biofeedback assessments now with various bits that get pinned onto, I have not yet come across a viable garment that has an active technology in it that can enact on you.


You know, so I think this is very much the start of looking at these non-invasive technologies, all of which risks can be defined. They're really quite, they're very safe and they're, they're they're born out of medical markets with the EMS family tens now actually they shouldn't be like put under the same sort of discretions under sort of FDA certification as other things because they are enacting on your own biology and physiology. And I noted in one of the previous podcasts, you the, I think is an executive order or something about make your own mind up. You know, it's about medical things that people can opt for. I might be getting this slightly wrong, but you know, it's people's own choice to get involved with certain technologies.


Now if you've got Will and Barry syndrome got a neurological condition where you think, do you know what? There's nothing to lose in getting on with this. Go ahead with it. Go ahead with it. 'cause it's non-invasive and the risk can be very, very well defined, you know, and if it does as small amounts of good, so be it. Yeah. But in the cases we've used and we can see it actually is quite powerful and especially in combination with other things as well. Very interesting. Yeah. And it's that key thing, right? So how Do people find it? So at the moment, the, the gen one that I've got here, we've taken that off and we're consolidating that and we're making it as a, a preserve to support war injured at the moment.


The garment itself is, is nowhere near as good as this one. So I think at the moment the strategy will be to work business to business and work with special specific. Okay, So this would go to this would, this would go an individual cannot purchase us. This would go to Not right now. Okay. And they could have done the older one, but actually we're in a much, much better spot. So this company, I've been, well, you know, I've been involved in the company on paper for three years. I've absolutely loved it. Right? You know, at the end of the day I've really, really believe in this human performance health and technology is something I would I pleasures to be involved in it for the next 10, 20 years. Right? It's could be that thing, you know, it comes with a risk.


These sorts of companies do sell through. But in this particular case, I've witnessed what they're prepared to do over the last eight years. And all of the finance has gone back into development product and they're actually in a really, really prime position to enact this on certain markets. And then the more difficult markets like specialist professions and medical therapeutic, they're gonna take more time. You need certifications for medical therapeutic to use it to, its sort of more heightened abilities. Principles of it couldn't be more simple as we've talked about. It's enacting on your innovative muscle, right? And it's promoting physiological harmony as well as helping you train and be strong or whatever you want to do.


Create lean muscle mass, lose, improve cardio, whatever it is. There's a program that can be formed with waveform where that can play a part. So Is, is there any, for somebody that wants to use this, how would they get their hands on one? So I think that comes quite quickly. Hopefully in the next few months the company is in a position where it can scale up. A new set of these have been made for trials and testing certain sort of people. At the moment we're talking to a company about potentially a, an agreement where, you know, this would be made available to our customers. Because what you're looking at is the first instance.


I mean integrative tech technology being part of a garment, which is quite an exciting thing, right? Yeah. And you can see where this can sort of really be very, very effective. Very Interesting. You know, when it comes to sports recreational fitness, you can sell it to individuals, but actually it's probably better done through professional sports and health clubs. You know, first as a subscription model, whatever, then there'll be some instruction. You know, you don't need instruction. You can just put this on and use it. And the programs are set with protocols in it, which ensure that you can't really mess it up. Although guess what? Your body does a really good job of protecting itself anyway. So if you choose to kind of, sort of choose to sort of really sort of go offline with it, you can't really do it because your body will say, no, no, I don't, don't really like that.


But you know, some education and some built in protocols are, are necessary in any technology, especially when you can never compensate for, you know, the random choices that people can make. But essentially the risks are rda, isis, and I've looked in all of these different cases and you can give it from training. So you can do it from negative risks. It's, it, it's not very often at all and certainly in my view not made more likely because of the use usage technology. But it's a declared use. So if you do incredibly hard negative reps in CrossFit movements for instance, you can overwork your muscles.


So all of those protocols are built into the programs already. Interesting introductory use. But that's actually, you know, for programs like this that once, you know, and this is what we hope to do is, is transform it into a number of markets. But really the true value is in the medical and therapeutic world. You know, and that is gonna be a, a longer piece of work, but it's already been happening already. You know, Vincent EMBA is the incredible person really behind the design and engineering of all of this. You know, the company has now taken it on to make it something that can be made accessible and available to people. Incredible companies like Maca lot are able to make garments like this.


The next one is incredibly well engineered. It's got like glymphatic drainage built into wow. The textiles and stuff. I mean it's almost unnecessary and engineered. I think it's gonna be to kind of, kind of prove a point. This is the generation that could, you know, fly. It's got a more conductive membrane than the one I use and I haven't used this yet. So I'm gonna enjoy seeing what that, that feels like and looks like. Yeah. But again, you know, it's the key one is to to to technology is useful of, its available to people. And in order to do that, you have to be, have to be an adaptable product that can be made, you know, affordable to people in whatever markets you're moving into.


And you know, you can have a massively engineered thing because your needs and requirements around a profession, you can have a very, very simple thing that has a membrane that delivers something much less complicated in terms of waveform, but it's generating what you need. Yeah. Underpinning health man, this is hand in hand then with, so on a, I went down to snow down, there's an ex former colleague, he's actually from, from ESBS called Gary Bamford. And he formed a company called Ardis and he asked me to come speak to his, the people that were on a walk round s Snowdonia. And during that walk round I met a gentleman called Dylan mackay.


Now Dylan Mackay is an ex performance expert from New Zealand, but at heart he's army technicians, officer arms, weapons technicians, officer EOD disposal. And he's become central in grieving physiology. And when, when I met him, you know, immediately, you know when you can tell that someone's really, really interesting and, and not only really well centered, but there's expert knowledge there. And I started talking to him, he said, you know, are you willing to become a data subject for us? And I said, what? You know, why are you interested? And he said, because you, you, you know, we know your background but you present very normally.


And so we wouldn't mind seeing your physiology, you know, through breathing cap capnography, which measures the acidosis, the chemical axis levels in your tissues through breathing. It checks whether you are hypercapnic so low CO2 levels. So it affects your oxygen uptake or not. So obviously willingly agreed. Sounds like an amazing opportunity to me. One thing I've learned in this transition process is size up opportunity as in being asked, but it makes sense to take it. And it's by what, like having that attitude towards these, I've become involved in these technologies. So I started building up a baseline in technology in understanding of my own breathing physiology with Dylan mackay looks at all my data and goes, you know, and I've started then finding out what resonance breathing frequency is.


And are you aware of resonance breathing frequency? So resonance breathing frequency is essentially what people are trying to achieve by box breathing. Okay? But it's very individualized to you. So, and that's a point where you can get amplitude in the harmony of your physiological function so you can empower it. So when people are doing these breathing techniques, they're doing quite an inaccurate way of what this capnography will do, which will show you, mine for instance is four. So, and the brackets 4.5 to six breaths per minute. So that shows you how individualized it is. But it took an expert to look in and say actually yours is for, but once you get it right, your physiology becomes very, very powerful.


And recenters itself. So feelings of anxiety dissipate. And the, the scientists behind all of this is a guy called Dr. Peter Litchfield. We invented this, which is the KA graph and it's a clever box. Now again, I used this morning and I don't do, you know, I'm basically giving enough sessions to inform Dylan Mackay's work, but also I'm benefiting from all the expert knowledge that is coming back. And essentially it's, you wear a heart rate monitor, you put the nasal cannula in and this clever box here measures the acidosis levels and your breathing rates to see what your end title CO2 it's.


And obviously if it's too low then you will be out of kilter. And this is where some of the behaviors, so they're very involved with operator syndrome. I think they've been quite involved with, I think it's Dr. Chris through's work and they're quite well advanced and breathing physiology. Anyone who uses breathing apparatus, like some divers bargate should this, this should be absolutely baked into their sort of re-key processes. Yeah. But actually it's very fundamental to a lot of other people as well. So again, I'm working very hard with them and through that process and Dylan Mackay is utterly fascinating. It's almost like my therapy going onto the session.


Wow. And that's where we worked out, right? He said, look at that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So please there's the, that nasal canyon and the pulse. We were, and I never realized the complication of each breath processes and, and you get a graft. So I plug this in and put that little thumb drive. Yeah, thumb drive into your laptop. You know, I was doing it this morning in the gym 'cause I did one of Scott son's regimes in order to prepare myself, you know, and I'm interested in seeing, you know, the certain different types of workouts, prepare yourself in certain ways.


And I had quite an interesting experience doing this, but in all of this I'm measuring my breath physiology and giving Dylan that data and he's able to see one, he's said, right, you, you know, your physiology is centered, right? So you're not traumatized by anything we know that, you know, you are, you are, although you are, you laden with the normal stresses of life, you're not out of kilda. Right? So that's, that's an important thing to know. 'cause if people are, and I think this originally started a long, long time ago with Dr. Peter Litchfield identifying that dysfunctional breathing behaviors had an association to epilepsy. Yeah. And it's like so unregulated neuro transmission.


So again, it's all, it all has relevance in any of those environmental factors. Explosive blast exposure, you know, stress loads. Absolute direct relevance. Yeah. To all of this, to re zero. It's like, again, that analogy with a site, your body physiology is your most powerful aspect of how you remain good and centered affects all of your, all of your behaviors. But essentially, you know, martial artists used to do meditation and that was their way of studying it and getting this centrality around physiology. Well now we have a technology, plug it into a laptop you can see. Wow. And like last night I went on my breathing resonance frequency, which have made amplitude for my physiology.


So if I was gonna sleep well, I definitely hear it was saying, no, I didn't sleep well, I did sleep well, I just didn't sleep very long, which happens. So, but you know that, that in in itself is a reassurance, you know, I'm in tune, right? Yeah. I'm in tune. So ready for this. What becomes even more exciting is, you know, I've just done thereby feedback. They use something called Splendido Health, which is a platform for testing or cardio, cardio, respiratory fitness, but also your cognitive abilities. And so I, I drove down to Dylan's house and we went on a assault bike, did a series of cognitive tests. Doesn't take very long. But I was fitted with monitors to measure ox oxygenation in my tissue.


Some are quad and in my prefrontal cortex I measured the heart rate variables, measure all sorts of stuff in biofeedback. And I've gotta report back and remembering this is not to prove I'm some sort of superhuman athletes. I'm not. And you know, I live life in a very kind of balanced and natural way. I don't make deliberately unhealthy choices, but I think part of life is making realistic propositions to people that can fit around how they need to leave. Yeah. Not, no one could be in the gym at four o'clock every morning. Yeah. And if you do, you're probably canceling out relationship you really cared about as well. And there's nothing more annoying. You know, one of the speaking things I do is like high performance, not high maintenance.


No one wants to know you've had an ice bath. Yeah. Like this morning. Or if you didn't sleep well, how you won't be able to work effectively. You know, it, it's like you become awful and you know, going on to ice baths, cold water therapy works, right? Initiates metabolic change. This all stands up. People live in thermal neutral environments too much. But why you need to go out and buy a $400 ice bath and implore people not to jump in ice baths. You know, it shocks your system. 18 autonomic sets of muscles around your heart. Now if you want to have cold water for therapy, best way to do it is one, you have a bath in your house usually, but even in the shower you have a normal shower and then just gently turn the cold water down.


And that's why you, you are not setting your sympathetic nervous system off against your parasympathetic. It's quite a dangerous thing to do because your physiology is trying to take over. Now if you dunk yourself into very cold ice water, elite athletes do this to do something else with their muscles. Unless you're training for an elite competition, you just want to initiate healthy metabolic change at a cellular level. So all of these sort of lifestyle theories that are pushed and all become almost cult-like in their kind of sort of way of commercialization, you must be one of these and this is the result. Now it's a mixture and they don't have to be severe. Yeah. And some of the advice that's given down at sort of local level, local gym level in small towns is really quite, sort of horribly inaccurate.


I don't think it's intentional. So these breathing techniques, you know, the first thing to ask the breathing technique is how do you know if it's in tune with your indivi individualized breathing? Because you don't know your resonance breathing frequency, but you can these days, you can plug yourself into a technology Yeah. And have an expert look at it over the cloud and they say, yeah, you're in tune. I reckon it's 4.5. Tweak it, tweak it, tweak it. So I, it's a fascinating area of work. Now Dylan Mackay, so going back to what I'm really, really interested in is how do I now train and activate my physiology to protect myself from neurological deficit that may or may not be there. Probably is there, right? You've had lots of exposure.


So Dylan mackay works very closely with Scott Soan and I didn't know much about Scott Soan first, but I've looked a little bit into his history, which is utterly incredible to be honest. You know, he's got a lifetime history that people understand and he, you know, he is a, been a professional fighter, he's a master of sport, but he works closely with Dr. Peter Litchfield on breathing physiology also and works. It's in close partnership with Dylan mackay actually been invited to be a demonstration model on one of their webinars. But, so I looked in, the first thing Dylan mackay sent me was a, a program of Scott Son's theory on how to adapt exercise to tune yourself in for, for instance creative thinking and thought, but gives the reasons why.


And this is exactly, you know, when you come across someone who's an expert and all of a sudden the jigsaw puzzle keeps coming, last starts patterning together. So all of, a lot of the research work I've done, you know, has been AI models asking them more and more precise search words to paint dots together. But essentially you're sort of passionate together with interaction with experts books and online learning. You know, because I I, you know, I can't go to university actually, I don't think I'd have this approach if I did. And Scott Son's work really, really underpinned it. Because what Scott Son's work is, is how to modulate exercise.


First of all, dress, exercise, exercise is actually some sort of proxy in human evolutionary biology for exertion. You need to exert yourself in one way or another. Challenge and form movements through your neuromuscular junctions that keep your, your body, your brain being part of your body, healthy and safe. And your physiology is intuitive and adapts to that. And what Scott Sons programs is looking directly at that and it's fascinating and there's something called the goldilock zone of moderate to high intensity sessions. So some are 20 minutes, some are 10 minutes. So Dylan's been telling me ease.


'cause I'm actually really interested, like how creative am I, I mean, so I've been tuning in for this, I dunno how creative waiting for some, I don dunno some, some, some confirmation or not, right? I did three sessions running up to this and I've got one completely wrong and I overexerted and went into stress and I could feel when my body is kind of quite stressed, I added weight into it, which they're usually body weight. But the core concept is complex movement. So movement is described as complex if it moves through four sets of different muscles, neuromuscular junctions. And your central nervous system will then recognize this as a pattern that is beneficial and generate these factors that I've alluded to these family of glial cells that will move through your vascular system up into your blood brain and activate in order to create stronger neuronal pathways.


And your brain is, everyone talks about brain plasticity. You've got neurology plasticity throughout your system and it consciously adapts and changes to everything you've done. So you can programmatically strengthen pathways in a conscious way. And this really, really started interesting me. 'cause you end up asking any question, you go back to the original solutions with your physiology, right? You need to just need to know how to empower it. What Scott Son's work does this and if you do patterns of complex movement. So I do every minute on the minute sessions for 20 minutes. I did one of those today. And it's just a complex movement that enacts those systems.


Then not only is your brain far more creative for periods of time and the benefits of doing it are huge, but the, the family of glial cells is astrocytes, oligodendrocytes and glial cells themselves, of which then they're further defined and they all have slightly different roles. So astrocytes do lots of stuff, but essentially keep, keep the dendritic the forest of sort of dendritic connections that can form up into new neural connections. Axons what? Join those ssis, those dendritic ends together. What happens in Scott Son's particular regime for goldilock zone for instance, is it kely activates oligodendrocytes that create my lineation of the axon.


So when you talk about myline axon, it's conductive wrapping around the axon that strengthens the signal. So it strengthens neuronal pathway. So when you're looking at these experts, and again, the academics have probably been sitting on these answers for ages, but they haven't put the dots together in terms of application. But this is where experts like Scott, son and Dylan can make a huge amount of difference. And you know, the, the work is already there. So using, and again, it struck me that people struggle to compensate for the challenges their professions, challenges their lives. The rates of Parkinson's are flying up, right?


So we can't say do better either lifestyle doesn't allow you to, the commitments you have done do not allow you to exert yourself to a relevant level or there's preconditions in which you can't, whatever it is, these non-invasive technologies can pick up a lot of the slack and they can perform a lot of the mitigation for it. And that this is, I think, quite important because I always work off the premise, and again, going back to gland Barry syndrome, there's a certain factor, an element of factors that have to be involved, which is expert knowledge, willing patient or subject mindset and applied technology.


And it doesn't, we don't know what that applied technology is until we know the problem. Yeah. But there's a set off them and they all signal in and key off your own biological function. So go back to the lady who had Illa Barry syndrome. Expert knowledge is fundamental and key came from the neuro neurologist consultant, neurophysio team and Victoria Sparks and she did the assessment, said this is how you use technology. But I would suggest that the most powerful element of that was that willing mindset and that enacted on her system itself and the applied technology gave it a real kickstart. Like a jumpstart.


And once it gets that message, it re patterns that neuronal pathway very, very quick. So going back to Duncan slate to right, Duncan slate at the WMTI met, I mentioned earlier, he's had some problems with his injuries previously and he's got some vascular shutdown that's happening. So I introduced Duncan to MS group as a company and really just, just, you know, see if technology, the complex tease around the injuries are really quite considerable. And you know, and I'll come onto the Unbroken Foundation in a minute once people become, have limbs amputated, you know, the, the trauma around the thing I think we've covered right.


That's gonna be a deeply traumatic experience. But humans will get beyond that. Right. The complexities around the injury are far more consequential. 'cause you're a biomechanical disadvantage driving your own physiology. And if you think if it's one leg, the amount of movement you depend upon and how much that's enacting on your overall system. So you have to find mitigations. So Duncan Slater, he's an incredible person. He's a speaker as well. Huge, huge character. And he's the only amputee who ever done the marathon dis arb. And he's done it three times. Wow. And he finished it once and Yeah, exactly.


He's absolutely brilliant. And he, he got his stumps made, sorry, his prosthetics made for himself because the ones he got given and melted and debrided his whole area of his stumps Damn. From the first attempt because of the heat. Right. And, and I, I won't speak too much on behalf of him. He's just an incredible person. So he's now getting a bespoke suit made for him by the same people that have made this. Oh cool. Because in the use of the technology, we've seen his vascular system open back up. But also, if you think about phantom pain in that cavern that's in there, getting fed a hundred million bits of information per second, when something crisis happens, your consciousness isn't powerful enough to get that to make sense.


Yeah. Right. If you put signals through neuronal pathways in a localized area, it remaps them. Wow. And therefore you can deal with phantom pain. Wow. Which, and he's, has, he tried the shed. So he's, he's got at the moment, he's got pad stills straps. He's used it quite a lot. It's album. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you know, at the end of the day he's got this problem because they went to see a consultant about this vascular shutdown and you know, these consultants used to dealing with people eight year, 8-year-old hearts. And he said, well it sounds like we're gonna have to cut more off. And Duncan's like, he, he, he may as well throw the prosthetics in the bin.


You know, Duncan's in, he a single gentleman in Italian, shed made his pros, which he then went and completed the marathon delon. You know, so we are gonna do a lot of case work now around Duncan to ensure that, you know, the technology will make a massive amount of rematch pathways building vascular access back. Wow. Ready? Doing a really good job in a very simplified form. So if you make it powerful as this sort of thing, you know, the coverage of the membrane is much, much bigger. And because it's so effective, the membrane, the wave forms are so intuitive.


It's like a sewing machine. You know, if you compare some of the, the EMS products, they're like come through gel pads. It's like getting like a hit with animals. Yeah. You know, and you know, again, that's how some of them been built. You know, they're like suits of armor with big straps and all the rest of it. This thing is, is is much, much more intuitive. Yeah. Right. And the aim is to get this sewing machine to turn into a 3D printer at some point. Right. Wow. In concert with all of the others. So now what we're excited about with Dylan Mackay is I'm gonna start introducing other technologies. Ms. Being very central one 'cause I'm very, very familiar with it. But not ruling out others and going and doing this by feedback platforms and mapping the physiological adaptations.


You know, this is really exciting case studies that we can do. Yeah. We can do them quite simply. It's got willing human buyings that want to be involved. There's plenty of research that shows neuromuscular electrostimulation builds back axial regeneration. Some of the consequences being too neo to explosive blast of which the mechanism is, there's lots of water in your head. And as the wave hits your skull and goes through the water cannot move outta the way. And it creates a turbulence, it makes a shearing mechanism between the gray and white matters. Right. And it creates axial legion amongst other things. Right. And your brain is extremely good at regenerating itself.


And I think when the winds are fair, people keep up with that deficit, but when they're not so fair, so they do less exertion, they're in a worse place. It can ca it's like a bowel wave catching up. Yeah. And it's not a precondition. Right. So there's plenty of research mainly from the medical world that shows that neurovascular, electrostimulation electrostimulation around the base of your CNS can reverse an episode of depression.