
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task. Unless you have a partner like Shopify. They have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's. Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable. Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Larry Vickers, Welcome to the show, man. Thank you Brother. I appreciate it. I appreciate you being here. Oh, I couldn't be happier to be here. This is a legendary interview. Well, thanks for saying that. You're welcome. I'm humble, bro. Yeah. You know, I mean, I remember, I remember getting connected to you. Tom Satterley texted me and was like, Hey, do you want to interview Larry Vickers? And I was like, fuck yes. I want to interview Larry Vickers. So yeah, fast forward, what? Maybe six months and yeah, here we are. Yeah. So I'm really excited, man. Well, Thanks bro. I'm too, I've been stoked about this for weeks now. Good. Yeah. Big time. Good. Well, we're gonna do a life story on you childhood, army career.


What happened afterwards? Some of the mix ups that you're dealing with right now. Yeah. But, but everybody starts off with an introduction. So here we go. Larry Vickers retired US Army first, SFOD Delta operator spending 15 years in the unit with over 20 years total in special operations, making you one of the most seasoned warriors of your era. Stormed Modelo Prison in Panama during Operation Acid Gambit, rescuing Curt Muse under heavy fire, earning a bronze star with valor for your actions. Survived three helicopter crashes more than any other operator at the time.


And you walked away from every single one of those crashes. You're the mastermind behind the HK four 16, the rifle that took down Osama Bin Laden in a driving force in shaping modern tactical firearms and accessories. Founder of Vicar Tactical and author of the Vicar Guide setting the standard for firearm scholarship. And there's a lot more. We had to, we had to Cut it Down. Cut it down just a little bit. 'cause we'll get into all the other stuff on, on in the interview. And then before we start, everybody gets a gift. Even you, Larry. I heard that. So those are legal in all 50 states still until, until they banned dies and all the other shit.


Oh yeah. But it's just Vigilance League, gummy Bears Man made in the USA. They taste amazing. Yeah, they're horrible for you. Oh. But I love them. So Yeah, I heard about this. Everybody's told me, Hey, you're gonna get a gift. Yeah, man. Everybody gets a gift. Cool. It doesn't beat yours though. The Vickers Guide Heckler. Oh yeah. HK, yeah. Volume three. That is awesome. Actually. Volume two, excuse me. Volume two. Yeah. The mp, the Submachine Gun book. What's volume three? Roller lock guns meaning G three. And you know, like the HK 21 series. And then volume four coming out this year, which is all the post roller lock guns at four 16 G 36 4 17, G 11 XM eight, all that stuff.


That's the one I'm really stoked about because of my time with the four 16 being involved with that particular gun. Cool. I'm really stoked about that one. It's coming out later this year. What's your, I mean, you've been around firearms for a long time. You're an innovator. I mean any, any firearm in the world. What, what's your favorite M four? The M four. M four ish. You know what I mean? Semi-automatic, different barrel links. Just kind of throw 'em all in the M four bucket. Gotcha. That would be my favorite. Gotcha. Because I have so much time with it. And I, I put the four 16 in with that too. 'cause it's basically an M four with a different operating system.


That's all it is. I love the four 16. Thank you. We used to use those. No, Thank you. Oh, But well, let's get into the interview. Okay. So we always start a childhood. Where'd you grow up? Ohio. A real small town in Ohio called Adams Mills. We only have a traffic light. I mean, we're talking about small, nice. Born in 1963. Classic baby boomer. I was a baby boomer by one year. 1964 is the last year of baby boomers. So I was a baby boomer by one year. Both my parents were involved in World War ii. My dad was a World War II vet in North Africa and Italy.


My mom worked, worked on the home front making artillery shells. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. I had a, had a munitions factory making artillery shells. Wow. Yeah. So, you know, I kind of grew up from that. And then that mindset. And the great thing about it was You had maximum freedom. Like I would take off at the beginning of the day. You know, the classic deal, you've, you've heard about take off at the beginning of the day. They wouldn't see me till, you know, time for dinner. You're gone, you're out in the woods, you're taking a BB gun. As I got older, I'd take a bolt action, 22, single shot, 22. I'm hunting, you know, rabbits, squirrels, groundhogs.


And they, my parents, they'd have no idea where I'm at. They know I'm around and whatnot. And it, another thing they would do is, Hey, it's time to come home. We haven't seen Larry. So they'd start calling the neighbors, you know what I mean? Yeah. Real small town. They knew everybody. They knew everybody's phone number. Hey, have you seen Larry? Hey. Yeah, he's, I saw him. They send him home dinner's ready, that kind of a thing. And we'd be want, me and my friends, we'd wander miles away, miles away. And my parents would have no idea where I was at. And they were totally cool with it. They never got bent outta shape about why were you down there? Why did you go down by that bridge? Why were you over on top of that hill? They never got bent outta shape about it at all. Maximum freedom. Any Brothers and sisters?


Yeah. I got a brother who's older and my, and a sister who's older as well. I was the baby of the bunch. I used to think what my parents, they tried one last chance to have another kid. Found out that I was an accident. You know, I wasn't planned at all. I was an accident. My dad was 50 when I was born. My mom was 36. Wow. Yeah. So they were basically, particularly, my dad is old enough to be my grandfather. So he was 50 and my mom was 36 when I was born. Wow. Wow. So you what, what age did you start on the BB gun? Oh man. If I had to guess, I'd say six. Nah, no, no, no.


That's that. Not six, seven. Probably about eight-ish. Nine-ish. Eight. Yeah. Man, I got a son. He's three. And he's, I'm dying. I'm, he's wanting, I'm dying to get him started. Him a BB gun? No, he doesn't have one yet. I mean, I'm, You got a airsoft or No? He, he has a cork gun. Oh, okay. Yeah. You know, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. The old school, you pull the PVC pipe. Yep. Yeah. I'm trying to teach him weapon safety with that. It just, it's, he's not having it. He's not having it. He's not dialed in yet. No. As he gets older, more mature, he'll get it. So eight. You started hunting With BB guns, going around, trying to shoot squirrel, stuff like that.


How was, what was your relationship like with your parents? Good. You know, much closer with my mom and my dad. And I was, I told people this when they asked these kind of questions. I don't ever remember. I knew my dad loved me, but I don't ever remember him telling me that one time that, Hey, Larry, I love you. My nickname was Jake, by the way. They both called me Jake. Still to this day, I have no idea why, but hey Jake, you know, Hey Jake. Hey Jake. That was my nickname. But I don't ever, I don't ever remember my dad saying, Hey, I love you, Jake. I mean, not one time. I knew he did. And honestly, now I'm pinned down. I don't know if my mom ever said it either.


They just kind of, no kidding. Yeah. They just kind of came from that era where it was kind of understood we're, we're, we're putting a roof over your head. We're putting food in your stomach. We're putting clothes on your back. Of course we love you. That's, that's where my head's at. And why they were probably thinking that way, to be honest with Interesting. Yeah. Not nothing touchy feel like it is today. Yeah. Nothing like that. Yeah. What, I mean, what, why were you closer with your mom than your dad? 'cause she kind of babied me. You know what I mean? I just, I was just, she, she did, you know, and the old classic thing, I had my mom kind of wrapped around my finger. If I needed something, I'd go to her and she would always give in and all.


Yeah. So I, you know, I was a mama's boy. Gotcha. About it. Gotcha. What, I mean, what else were you into as a kid? How were you as a student? Good. I was a classic B student. I could have been an A student with no problem. But to me it was like, I'll put in enough effort to be a B, you know, B student. I really don't wanna put in that extra effort to be an A. If I got an A, it was almost by accident. Mm. If I got a C, it was kind of, because I was half-assing it, to be honest with you. But I was a classic B student. I like to play sports with my friends. Never really did organized sports very much at school. But I, we would play baseball and football and all, and we'd play tackle football with no pads or any of that crap.


I did that all the way through, you know, elementary school, junior, junior high, and high school. We, we played tackle football with notepads. To us, it was kind of flag football and all that was kind of like, seriously? Yeah, why aren't you playing, you know, tackle football. But say I was into sports and whatnot. But from the point of view of playing with my friends, not necessarily organize sports at school. Did your dad ever, or your mom, did they talk a lot about World War ii? My dad a little bit. My mom really never did it all. It was only later. I kind of asked her, I said, what'd you do? She goes, oh, I worked at a factory, you know, KA Shockton Ohio, which is where I was born, probably 15, 20 miles up the road from where I grew up.


Right. And she, my mom is from there, you know, I worked in our, you know, manufacturing facility in Katon that made artillery shells. And I didn't find that out till late in the game, you know? And then my dad though, would talk about it. He was in North African Italy and he had some PTSD. Really? Oh yeah, he sure did. How Do you know? Because he would, you know, he would kind of relate and start telling some stories about guys that had died and had been killed that he knew that were friends of his and stuff. And I remember him talking about that on occasion. Not a lot, but on occasion he would kind of almost ramble in a way. And I'd listen to him. But he would, yeah, he had PTSD, I mean, for sure.


Absolutely. Did you, when did your, do I guess, are your parents still With us? Oh, no, no. My dad died. He was 84. My mom was 77. And that date, my god, they died in the early nineties. Yeah. They've been, they've been passed away for quite a while now. Do, Well, I guess the reason I'm asking is, I'm just curious, I mean, did you and your dad ever relate when you became, you know, a Delta operator? A little bit. He, they never, I mean, he knew about me going in the Army, obviously. I mean, I went in the army really because of my dad. I mean, you know what I mean? That influence. I remember my dad one time specifically, I went in and I went to jump school and all that.


And he said, Jake, he goes, Jake, I don't, he never flew on an airplane in his whole life. Wow. His whole life. He never flew on an airplane. Neither did my mom. I mean, neither one of 'em flew on an airplane. So that was totally alien, alien concept. And for me to jump out of an airplane, my dad said, he goes, Jake, I don't know how you do that. He goes, I don't know how he goes that that's something I just don't even know how you could do. I remember him telling me that. So he related to me going in the army. But there were some things that I was doing that he just couldn't, you know, he couldn't comprehend. Yeah. Did your, did your brother or sister going join the service At all? No, my brother's actually on the autism spectrum pretty severe.


Okay. My sister, she kind of got married early on. She went on and did some occupational therapy stuff. Neither one of 'em were really interested in going into military at all. I was really the only one that, you know, my son, my brother couldn't, I mean, 'cause it, it meant beyond the spectrum. He, there's no way he could have been in the military. My sister could have, but had no interest in it. What, so was your dad that got you interested in, in the military? Yeah. Solely your dad? Or was there any other inspiration or? Mainly my dad. But, you know, there were so many World War II vets in our little town. Almost all the grown men were World War II vets.


I can't hardly think of any of 'em that weren't, that were my dad's age or kind of in that timeframe. They were all World War II vets. My uncle was World War II and Korea. He'd served them both. I mean, my uncle or Uncle Bill, bill Lar. My uncle was World War II and Korea. So yeah, they were, that had an influence on me. All those World War II vets for sure. Me playing Army, which was my favorite game, of course of all time, was playing Army as a kid, getting helmets and stuff like that. And going around with sticks, you know, sticks basically for you bent in the shape or you're snap in the shape of a gun. But yeah, it was mainly my dad's influence in terms of, that's really the number one reason I went in the military.


It was my dad's influence. What about, I mean, the Vietnam War was going on at that time. Did that have any influence? Not really. So much. I was still too young for that. 'cause you know, Vietnam ended 70, early seventies. I mean, I was born in 1963. Yeah. So when it's ended, I'm seven, eight years old. So not really. Not really. If I'd have been older. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. How Did you, I mean, how did you pick the Army? Why Did you pick it? My dad was in Army. So right off the bat, and you'll love this, this is a great story. I was telling Scott about this on the way up here.


My dad always spoke highly of the Rangers, always be, he really held the Rangers in high esteem, put 'em on a pedestal. So I thought, well, I'm gonna go in the Army and I'm gonna be a Ranger. Right. Well, I went down to the Army recruiter and got a little pamphlet about combat arms and it, you know, had, the first one was infantry and in artillery had Airborne and there and all that jazz One Rangers. Well, I know I'm reading about the Rangers. That's where I'm gonna go. Well, I noticed there's one, this is no lie, one more page. And I'm like, Hmm, I flip it. Open Special Forces. What's this? I started reading about Special forces and then, you know, at the very end they had me, I mean, I was hooked.


It said, if you don't think you can make it, don't even try. 'cause only the best can wear the Green Beret. And that was it, dude. I was, I said, that's it. I'm gonna be a Green Beret. I'm gonna be Special Forces. At that point, the, their PR department worked on me. I mean, it worked like a champ. And they, they wanted to snag somebody and they snagged me like a big dog. A hundred percent. What did, what did? So you could go straight into it back Then at that time, yeah. They had what they called informally. We called it the SF Baby Program. And they needed bodies because this is post-Vietnam. They needed people. So yeah, you could go straight in off the street as right outta high school and go through the Q course.


A matter of fact, I graduated and I was 18 years old from Q Course. Yeah. I was for about, I graduated May 7th, 1982, and I turned 19, June 27th, 1982. Wow. Yeah. I, I was a Green Beret for about a month and a half before I turned 19. Holy shit. Yeah. 18 years old. Didn't know anything, dude. I didn't know anything. In hindsight, that SF Baby program was stupid. They didn't have it for very long. I think they kind of realized, this is dumb. And then they put parameters on it. You had to be in the Army for a certain amount of time before you could try out for SF and all that kind of stuff.


Which made perfect sense. 'cause I got here, I'm on the SF team, I'm 19 years old. I didn't know anything. I mean, I got, I, You know, I'm, I'm curious about your thoughts on this. 'cause I think that, I think the, didn't the SF baby, I think it came back. I think it's, it did they call it, it's Active today X-Ray program. But you have some pretty serious parameters that you gotta meet. I think you have to. Now, I don't hold me to this. I could be way off base, but I think he, one of the things that allows you to go straight in is like two years of college. Mm. I think you have to be a certain age and whatnot. But I think it's called the X-ray program. So it did come back where I, when is a G wat thing? I think. Yeah. They wanted people.


They needed people. They wanted people. So it was a G wat style effort that they brought in to, to get people in the Special forces, the X-ray programs. As far as I know, it's still in effect. Yeah. I, well, when I joined, I mean, that's how I became a seal. 'cause I originally wanted to be force recon they wouldn't take me. Well then Green Beret, my dad was in the Army. They wouldn't, he couldn't do it. He couldn't get in. And then the, the Navy recruiter stuck his head out, was like, Hey, ha, you heard of the seals? And I was like, no, but, and they had the program. They had the, I can't remember what the, the Buds Challenge program or something like that Seal Challenge program.


But I remember being in, and I got, I, I joined, signed up at 17, waited till I was 18, shipped out. Now I did the same thing. I did that sign up at 17 between junior and senior, you know, senior year signed up at 17. So I had that one year where it was still worked in my favor for pay. Yeah. Even though of no rank. But I did the same thing. I signed up at 17. Well, I'm curious. I'm, I'm just curious about your thoughts. 'cause I go, I still think about it. I go back and forth and I remember the first time we worked with Green Berets with an SF team. We were in Panama. And then we went out to Haiti in 2004 when Risid got yanked out.


But I remember those guys just giving us all kinds of shit. 'cause we were so young and, and yes, we were, especially me, like a total immature fucking knucklehead. But, but I was a hard charger. And I always, like, back then, I always thought it was dumb to make people go to conventional units and then to come into special operations. Because, because I think that, what am I trying to, you know, conventional units, they don't think like, like soft guys. Yeah. They don't.


And sometimes you can get these guys in from a conventional unit, especially in the Navy. Yep. Because there's nothing, there's no, yeah, sure. There's nothing else like it. Right. And they come in and they bring what we call that fleet mentality. And they're very, very chain of command. Very, it's not like a open forum. Like what's special operations is supposed to be. Now, on the flip side of that, if you don't send them out there, then you do get a bunch of immature fucking knuckleheads. And that could be hard to, I can imagine that would be really hard to deal with. But I'm, I mean, so do you, you think that people should go to the, to a regular MLS before joining special ops?


Or getting the opportunity to try out for special ops? Yes and no. I tell you, if I'd had it to do over again, if I was gonna do it now, I'd go to the Ranger Battalion first. Really? Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. I, I found out once I got in, that's really the route I should have went. Why Do you say that? Just 'cause my, where my head was at, you know, SF Green Berets there force multipliers. Man, they go overseas. Let's face it, they go overseas and take a bunch of people and train 'em basic training and try to organize 'em into a fighting unit. I mean, that's really force multiplier, nation building. That's their thing. As soon as I found that out, I was like, dude, count me out.


I had no desire to do that at all. No shit. Oh no. You didn't think that was cool at all? Not at all. I had no desire. I wanted to be a pipe hitter from day one. Bro, You just wanted to be an A assault. I wanted to be a pipe hitter. And I knew in hindsight, that Ranger Battalion path before I got in Delta was a better path for me. I knew it. Interesting. Yeah.


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress. It seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults. And it's probably taking a toll on all of us Armor Colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health. Help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using armor ever since. They sent me some to try and Now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine. Now. I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try ARMRA dot com slash srs or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R mra.com/srs. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the fda. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Did you know Fast-Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US With thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. Fast-growing trees makes it easy to get your Dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door. And just a few days without ever leaving home. They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape and learn how to care for them. I've learned so much in the plants they sent me look amazing. I'm ordering oak trees to plant at my new studio and I can't wait to show you this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. And listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code SRS at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast-Growing trees.com using the code SRS at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


'cause I wanted to be a pipe hitter. I had no interest in this nation building thing. Going to a third world country training, you know, you know indigenous people Yeah. To become a fighting force nation building. I just had no interest in that at all. Not at all. So for me, ranger Battalion would be what is a better path coming from conventional army in the soft. That's a tough nut to crack. The good thing about is if you've got a good selection program, you'll weed out the people that don't need to be there. The people that don't think Right. That aren't out the box thinkers. You'll weed a bunch of those people out if you've got the right selection program.


It's almost like a reprogramming for Yeah. Percent. Some of guys, you know. Yep. But you joined, I mean, what, what was going on in the world at the time? Were we in any conflicts? No, the big thing was, and this was a big impact on me, was Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan. And when he came in and the motivation to basically become a, you know, being an American was a good thing. Again, it was bad under Jimmy Carter, bro. It was bad. Things were not good. Akin to Joe Biden.


Akin to Joe Biden. If I had to say two worst presidents that I've been around without question Biden or I say I've been alive for, I should say Biden and Jimmy Carter. It was not a good time in this country under Jimmy Carter. People were, it was a depressing time, really. There was no, you know, pride in being an American. It was just, it was bad dude. It just like the Biden thing. I mean, case in point, if you want an, you know, if you want an analogy or a kind of, Hey, I, I wanna be able to relate to that. Just to look at how it was under Joe Biden. Not a good time. Ronald Reagan comes in, turns everything around, all of a sudden now it's great to be an American. You have pride in the country.


Building up the military. Ronald Reagan was the, my dad, of course put the bug in my ear to go in the military. But next to that was Ronald Reagan. Your dad put the bug in you? Yeah. Through, Through his stories or like, Yeah, through just talking about the Rangers. I mean, I mean I, my dad being in the military was a big piece of him. Who he was as a person, a real big piece. There was no way around it. And I, you know, so I got engulfed in that, so to speak. And him talking about the Rangers, how he held 'em in such high esteem. And I started looking into the Rangers and discovered Special Forces Ronald Reagan coming in.


So that's what was going on in my world when I went in, yeah, I graduated in 1981 and I went into the army like two weeks later. Dude, I didn't, you know, people were like, aren't you gonna hang out for the summer? I go, Nope. I'm going in like two weeks after I graduated, I was in the army. What did your dad say when you told him that you had enlisted? He Was all for it. He had no issues at all. He, I remember him telling me one time, he said, Jake, I don't know what we're gonna do here 'cause I don't have money to send you to college. And he was always a penny pincher. They kind of had the money, but you know, they grew up during depression and one of those things. So the major penny pincher day old bread and one of those deals.


So I don't have the money to send you to college. But I said, dad, don't worry about it. I'm going in the army, but don't I remember this exact conversation. I said, don't worry about it. I'm going in the army. So he was totally cool with it. My mom, not so much. When the recruiter came by to pick me up to take me to the pro in processing station, she was crying. She was not real happy with it. But my dad had no issues with it at all. What did he say when you told him you were going sf? I don't think he really knew what it was. I don't, I don't think he ever really absorbed what it was. 'cause it was such an unconventional concept for him. I don't think he ever really knew. And when I joined Delta, they told us, you need to tell your family now that you are in a special mission unit.


You need, they, we don't want this to be a surprise to them. So I went home and I gave my mom and dad the bare bones, Hey, I'm in a special mission unit now. Very highly specialized. Very highly trained. And you know, because they wanted you to tell 'em, to let you know, hey, you're at risk for you. Much greater risk now of injury, getting killed, being deployed. I mean you're, I mean you're basically the tip of the spear now. And in terms of the US Army Special operations. So I kind of told 'em the bare minimum I could tell it just went right over their head. Wow. But I checked the block, you know, I checked the block. I told my mom and dad about it. I told my, you know, my family, my mom and dad.


But yeah, they, I don my dad, I don't think ever really grasped what SF was all about. Never. No. Does that bother you at all? Oh no. No. Not at all. Were they proud of you? Oh yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent. Were they, did they know about Panama? Nah, Not really. Why not? I think I, I might have told him about it, but you know, for the longest time, dude, that the Modelo prison thing was real hush hush. I mean, big time. We didn't discuss it.


It's now decades later, of course, you know, there's been a book written about it. There's in theory a movie coming out, you know, next year or whatever about it. So it's much more open source now. But boy, for the longest time it was not discussed at all. It was real under the radar. It doesn't bother you that they never really grasped the, the magnitude of what you were doing and No, not really. I mean, they were, because like I said, they, by the time I got to that point, they were old enough to be my grandparents. Yeah. So I didn't, it didn't really, it didn't really bother me. Never really did Fair enough.


And they were cool with me being in the military. They were proud. But what I really did in the military, they knew I was special. I was in a special unit. And that's about it. Gotcha. So let's talk about leaving home. How was that for you leaving And going in the Army? Yeah, I was all about it. By the time that came around, I was chomping at the bit to get on with going in the army, chomping at the bit. I remember other people's parents would say, oh, as soon as you're outta high school, you wish you were back in. And I was like, I've never felt that. I never felt it when I left. I didn't feel it when I, you know, I was in the Army, I was like, are you kidding me? I don't want to go to high school anymore.


I'm done with that. I want to get on with life. So I was all about it a hundred percent. Didn't, you know, miss my friends. Yeah. But I'd see 'em when I'd come home on leave and whatnot. But other than that dude, I was a hundred percent, like I said, I wanted to be a pipe hitter from day one. You wanted to go to war? Oh, I, I wanted to strap it on. So, we'll breeze through the bootcamp stuff. Let's talk about your selection Sf you know, we're talking about this earlier. I, you know, kind of had some questions pop up. Honestly, it wasn't very hard Really. No, it wasn't.


You know what, you're gonna laugh at this. You know what the hardest thing was was the swim test. Really? What was the swim test, If I remember correctly? 15 meters with fatigues and boots. Web gear and a and a rubber duck M 16. And see when I was growing up, I didn't swim very often. I really didn't, we didn't have, I mean I certainly didn't have access to a swimming pool. I just didn't swim very often. It just wasn't that big of a thing. And I kind of went into the swim test a little bit nervous, but not really understanding what I was getting into. And when I got in that water and started swimming with fatigues and boots on and that web gear and a weapon, dude, I I, I, it was scary.


I was floundering big time. You could ditch the weapon and still pass. I ditched it immediately and I was frantically trying to get down to 15 meters. I it, that is without a doubt the hardest thing that I dealt with going through the special forces qualification course. And I, and I passed the swim test, but barely dude. No shit. Barely shit. That was probably at the very beginning too, Huh? Oh yeah, it was a hundred percent. What, what else did you do in there? Well, went to phase one, which at that time, because they changed it after I went through, it's been, it's changed so much over time. That's one of the dings on the special forces qualification course is they haven't had a lot of continuity.


But we did, you know, land navigation, we did survival. Right. And they had basically a, they tried to weed out the people who didn't wanna be there, you know what I mean? The people that couldn't cut it. So we had some physical stuff to weed 'em out. We land navigation, survival were two big things that we had in phase one. Did some other stuff like repelling, some stuff like that. And we did it out at Camp McCall and out in North Carolina near Fort Bragg. Famous, you know, famous for special operations or special forces in particular. Weed it out. I used to know how many guys started and how many guys finished. But when special for in, you know, the, when I went to the Q course, but I do remember this, there was 13 guys that came from jump school that were SF babies.


Only two of us finished. Really? Yeah, 11 guys. Now I got a caveat that a couple of them were probably medics who break off for the medic course, which took quite a while longer. And then they come back in and finish the Q course. So there may have been a couple of them or whatever medics that did in fact pass. But they didn't, they didn't finish with me. So I lost situational awareness with them. But out of the guys I knew, 13, only two of us finished, or two of us, you know, put on a Green beret. What Happened after phase one? Phase two was small arms train. 'cause I was a light weapon specialist.


So we started doing, we also did some heavy weapon stuff, mortars, anti-tank weapons and stuff like that. But it was mainly light weapon stuff. Was was, you know, was phase two. I got a good story for you before I went in. I knew I was gonna be a light weapon specialist. So I, I got these books, combat arms and small arms of the world. And I would just absorb 'em, looking at pictures, reading about the guns and everything like that. And I really would study the designs and the parts on 'em and all that kinda stuff. Instructor came in when we were doing the, the disassembly and assembly classes and we were on break, came back in, instructor goes, Hey, I got a part right here that somebody left out in the parking lot.


If you can tell me what it is and what it's for, I'll, I'll carry a ruck sack on the next ruck sack march. And I saw it immediately raise my hand and he's, what is it? And I go, selector switch for a Thompson sew machine gun. And he goes wrong. And as su he said it, I went Dumb ass. I know what it is and that ain't it. What an idiot. And then a couple guys gar, you know, guessed and everything. I rose my hand again and raised my hand again. And he goes, you already guessed. I go, no, I know what it is this time. He goes, what is I go select or switch for an FNFL dude. His jaw hit the floor. How did you know that goes, keep in mind I'm 18 years old.


Yeah. And he goes, how did you know that? And I told him the same thing you did. I got these gun books. I studied the pictures, read about 'em, absorbed them. And sure enough the dude, the next, whenever we did the rucksack march again next day or whenever he carried my rucksack, no shit. Oh yeah. I walked alongside him the whole way. Were you the youngest guy in the class? Yeah. One of the youngest. Pretty close. Pretty damn close. Yeah. I think I might have been, that kind of rings a bell that I was in fact the youngest guy in the class. But I know I was certainly one of the youngest for sure. What was your opinion of the, of your colleagues that were going through? Oh, you know what's interesting?


There was a guy named King that I went, he was the other guy who finished with me. And he was a dumpy looking dude. If you saw him, you say, Hey by the way, he just finished the Q course and he's now a Green Beret. He'd be like, what? Get the hell outta here. And so you classic Casey, you cannot judge a book by its cover, bro. And he, he came, I was in jump school with him, became good friends with him. 'cause I went all the way through the Q course with him. And he, he's the other dude between the 13, me and him. And another guy finished that was king. Totally unassuming dude. Unassuming dude. I mean, classic case of, you know, don't underestimate people.


Yeah. 'cause this guy right here will prove you wrong. I mean, I'm just curious, I mean, you're one of the youngest guys in the class. You're in a premier unit, you know, at the, at the tip of the spear. It's exactly what you wanted. I mean the advertising said don't try. If you don't think make it, you won't. I mean, so what, what was that like for you being 18 years old going through SFQ course? Well There was guys I really looked up to that I was in the class with. Majority of them came from Ranger Battalion. Majority of 'em came from Ranger Battalion. And guys, I really hit it off with, I mean I really looked up to 'em.


They were studs. I really, really liked them. You know, I really looked up to 'em, got along with them. Great. And they were all guys from the ranger battalion, all of them. At, at what point did you realize you should have gone ranger? Probably partway through phase three. Especially after phase three. And I got assigned to a team. 'cause phase three was where we're, now we're going out and, you know, interfacing with gorillas and we're gonna start training them to become a cohesive fighting unit. And now we're doing that nation building thing and all that jazz.


That's where phase three comes in. And that's when I kind of started going, this isn't really what I signed up for. This is really not what I want to do. And so it'd been phase three. And then when I got to a team and it became crystal clear what we're really signed up to do, I was like, dude, this isn't at all what I do. Here's another good one. I, we were in desert training out in, we're at Fort Chuca, Arizona. We were in desert training when Grenada went down And we heard about it and me and a couple of the younger guys were pissed.


'cause you were like, wait a minute, we're supposed to be so elite, super elite, green Berets. Why the hell aren't we down there? And then the guys like, well that's not our mission. That's not what we're all about. And and dude, that was, that was kind of the final straw for me. Gotcha. When that went down. 'cause I thought, wait a minute, we're supposed to be so elite. You know, we're the super elite military unit in the US Army. Why the hell are we there? There's guys going to combat right now. Why aren't we there? And that did not sit well with me at all. And, and other guys in the, on the team too. What was, so when you say phase three is nation building, can you walk us through some of the, We jumped into it.


It was, we went through ui, we did it in ui, national Forest, US not too far from Fort Bragg by the way. We jumped in and then we would start linking up with the gorillas, which are generally guys from the 82nd. They would bring out 82nd guys to, you know, act as gorillas for the SF teams. So we'd interface with them. There was bonafides. We had to, you know, hey, this is who we are, this is who you are, yada yada yada. We'd go into their gorilla camp. They'd be very standoffish initially 'cause they don't trust us. That kind of a thing. Then we'd have to prove ourselves to 'em. They had one classic scenario where the gorilla, you know, leader wants to execute one of his guys.


'cause the guy, you know, whatever got outta line, slept with somebody's wife, what whatever the scenario was. And the detachment commander had to deal with that and try to talk him out of it. And then never flew by the way. You know, that was part of the scenario. So the gorilla leader went out, you know, out a little ways and you know, fired off a blank and that dude left. And so he was essentially dead for the rest of the exercise. So that was, they purposely put the leadership in that kind of a situation to see how they'd react the officers, because they were held to a much higher standard, as you can imagine. 'cause they're gonna leave and go straight to an A team and now they're the commander on an A team.


Yeah. Whereas I go and I'm a junior weapon sergeant, I'm down here. This guy's a, he's the commanding officer, he's the A team leader. So they would hold him to a much higher standard. So then we would go through the process with them. We would train with them. I gave 'em small arms training. They would get some demolition training, stuff like that. And then we would kind of start to integrate with them and they'd start to trust us. And that whole nine yards about a two week program out in the field from when we jump in to when we're done. Gotcha. So you get through phase three graduate, you go to a, you go to a team. I went to a team. Here's the thing.


Now we should have went to language training. It was an option, but it was for guys who volunteered and I didn't volunteer 'cause I didn't realize the importance of it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Nobody sat me down and said, Hey dude, you need to go to the language course. You gotta learn a language. This is a, this is a critical thing. I went through kind of that post-Vietnam era where the Q course was like I told you it really wasn't that difficult. It was kind of a shit little bit of a shit show, bro. It really was. Nobody sat you down and said, Hey look, you need a language skill, you need a language skillset here. You need to go take a language, you know, whatever it might have been, you know, German, Spanish, whatever the flavor that you know that might have been.


But you need to go take a language Now I wanna say, and I could be wrong, but I'm pretty damn sure for the longest time now language is mandatory. I believe it is. Yeah. You gotta go take a language, which is what it should be. So it's kind of lip service back then. Yeah. You know, they would, they'd have what they call these Gabriel detachment or Gabe team, I don't know if you've ever heard of, they'd do these demonstrations about, you know, a special forces a team and they'd have a guy stand up and talk about, yeah I can speak, you know, German, he'd, he'd, the guy would recite a line in German or Russian. I, you know, I can speak Russian or German. I have a working knowledge of Spanish and all.


It was all bullshit. It was all smoke and mirrors. What team did you wind up going to? To Went to 5 2 1 1 in fifth group. Fifth Special forces group. Which which? Which was a halo team. So I went to Halo school and sniper school and I was 19 years old. Holy shit. Yeah. Yep. I was in the teen. I got there turned 19. Within that year I went through sniper school and Halo school. Both. I was 19 years old and a halo qualified and went to sniper school. I got a certificate of attendance at sniper school.


Only one of us graduated because we had M 20 ones and the, the scope mount sucked. They would take the scopes off, put 'em in one case to put the rifle on another case and they'd go back to the arms room, come back out to, to qualify, to shoot to, you know, to essentially hone your skills with the rifle. Take the scope out of the case, bolt it back on you screw it back on the rifle shit. Oh yeah dude, straight up. Screw it back on. And you're out there. Of course zero's off. Yeah. It's for shit. Yeah. So I got a certificate of attendance and there was only one guy who actually graduated the course.


The rest of us got certificate of attendance. It was because of the marksmanship part of it. How was Halo? Scary Dude, I was scared. I, I mean as time went on I got comfortable but boy, that first jump, I was scared and I was, I was wet bred on the first jump and the instructor brought me and the other guy who jumped with me over and he goes, I'm gonna tell you what it was like a Friday. And he goes, I'm tell you what, next jump was Monday. He goes, you got one more chance and after that I'm gonna have to let you go. And I, dude, I sweated it the whole weekend.


Lost sleep was, you know, working on my positioning the whole nine yards. Come Monday I jumped much better. Passed the other dude, they cut 'em loose. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. So you get on the team. Yeah. Got on the team. You know what, what, How was that, how was that showing up to an SF team at 19 years old? Well, yeah, but you know, here's the thing. Once again, post Vietnam, two or three guys on the team smoke marijuana fairly regularly, which really turned me off right off the bat. I was like, are you serious? What is this all about?


You know what I mean? That's before they clamped down and really cleaned up the military for, for any drug use and smoking marijuana. They were really cleaned it up. One of the best things they ever did. Huge benefit. But yeah, there's guys on there, you know, smoking dope on a regular basis and stuff. I was like, and you know, kind of that post-Vietnam era thing. And it, it was, I got along with some of the guys on the team, other guys like the dope smokers. I, I never clicked with those guys at all. I just didn't see where that was coming from. Partially, I was a teetotaler coming from my mom. My mom basically read me the ride act one time in the backyard, but I don't want to ever hear you smoking, drinking, nothing.


I was like, okay mom, sure will. And I never did. I mean it seems like there will be a lot of guys to look up to and a shit ton of experience on the team being post Vietnam like that. Not so much bro. Really? Yeah, no, not so much because a lot of those guys were gone, they'd left. It's kind of almost like some of the guys that stayed behind, they, they didn't leave 'cause they didn't have anywhere else to go. There just wasn't a lot of like real serious pipe hitters to look up to. No Kidding. Yeah, no it was, it was kind of a mess bro. It was that early eighties SF thing.


Not real impressive. Interesting. Yeah. So what did you, not real impressive. Did you wind up deploying with 'em or no, Matter of fact, never jumped free fall on the team. The only time I ever jumped free fall was in Halo school. Never one time did I jump on the team free fall. Not one time. Wow. Yeah, that's what I'm telling you. So what did you guys do? You tell me, how long Were you there? I ended up being on the team two. It basically took me a year to get through training. I was on the, you know, Q course and all that, not counting ALO school and sniper school on the team for two years.


And then they were open up first group in Fort Lewis and I got levied to go. They said, you gotta go. I didn't volunteer. And I said, Hey, I want to go. They said, you gotta go. So I went up there for a year. I had a four year stint, more or less a year to get through training. Two years on the team, including, you know, sniper school and, and Halo school. And then I went up to Fort Lewis for a year. What sealed the deal for me was when I went up there, they made me the armor, the union armor. I showed up, went into the battalion sergeant major's office and he goes, Hey, you know, Sergeant Vickers, blah, blah, blah, nice, you know, for you to coming in, nice to meet you, whatever. And he goes, I'm gonna, you know, he probably not want to hear this, but I'm gonna make you the union armor.


And I was like, well Sergeant Major, I, he has manning board here, the teams and everything. I go, you know, I'm Halo qualified, I'm a weapon sergeant who's halo qualified. And I see you got a guy listed right here who's not Halo qualified on the Halo team, a weapon sergeant. He goes, well I know, I understand that, but I've already promised him the slot and all that kind of. And right then I was like, I'm done. I was watching the clock till I could get out in a year. No shit. Yep. So, so you were on a team for two years and you guys didn't deploy it into anything? Oh no. No. What I mean what was the, what was the lifestyle?


I tell you, have you ever heard the deal about picking up pine cones? No. You ever heard that? No. Oh Yeah bro. We would get detached to go do stuff, like stuff on the post. Like pick up pine cones. Are you, I'm serious as cancer. And you know, 82nd would be doing it. Special force Green Berets would be doing it. But yeah, it that that, yeah. Doing, yeah. Fort Bragg post cleanup and it that, that would cycle through you. Not all the time, but you would get that, hey man, we gotta go pick up pine cones and you would get on a ca what they called a cattle car, which was essentially a, you know, big open cattle car for lack of a better term.


And you'd get hauled out somewhere and you'd have to fleece up the range or I swear to God pick up pine cones. I mean that's where the mentality was at. Wow. I mean we didn't even have vehicles. Like if you had to go over to the hospital or the dental clinic or something like that, you had to take your personal vehicle. You didn't have, you didn't have a team vehicle or anything like that. Or a vehicle in the company. You, in order to to in function, you had to, you didn't, it wasn't like you had an option. You had to take your personal vehicle to get over to do stuff like that. Wow. And nothing changed over at first? No. Nah. First was a mess too.


Hot mess. What'd you do over there? I was an armor. The only thing we did, we deployed tore once and I deployed as the armor and we de deployed, tore once, went into seo, had a good time and all that jazz. But that's all we did. So this is like miserable for You. Oh yeah. And that, remember I was telling you about, really realized I should have went in the Ranger battalion. It's stuff like this. Wow. Yep. What a disappointment. Oh, Totally. Total disappointment. How many years did you spend in sf? Well I got out, I got out after four years. I said I'm outta here. I got out, went back home, went to college, went to a community college for mechanical engineering to get a mechanical engineering associate's degree.


'cause my thought process was I'll get into, I'll get a mechanical engineering degree and then I'll get into the firearms industry. I'll go to work for somebody, fn, hk, whatever. I was really big in FN at the time. So I really, that's kind of what I was, I want to get a mechanical engineering degree and I want to go to work for fn. So that's why I got out to do that. You Got out the first opportunity you had? Oh yeah. Just four years. I'm out, you know. And then I was talking to Scott on the way up here. There was only three options at that time. Get out, which most guys did. Well actually four. And we used to talk about this, you get out, which most guys did stay in, which means you're not changing anything.


You become part of the problem. You're signing on and become part of the problem. You aren't gonna change anything. You're like, I'm willing to live with this horse shit. And staying three, go be a pilot in the military somewhere. Chopper pilot. I know one guy left, went to the Air Force to be a pilot last try out for Delta. So you knew about Delta? Oh Yeah. Why didn't you try out? You know what, it's a good question. I'm Not sure. You were worried it would be the same. Well, no, I didn't think I'd make it because that's the option that had the least success rate, as you can imagine.


And I, I met numerous guys that tried out, I did not know a single guy that made it oh one until right at the very end I was getting ready to get outta the army. One of the guys went and made it. And dude, you can imagine when he came back, you wanna talk about a guy, he walked on water. I knew one guy that had tried out and everybody talked about how difficult it was everybody. So I honestly, I didn't think I could do it. But that planted a seed that never went away. I got out, went to college. I was in reserves when I was in college.


I signed up for the Reserves. I was in the 11th group up in Youngstown, Ohio. I'd go up there once a month, enjoyed it. We didn't do shit. You know, we never jumped out of an airplane the entire time I was there. Two years, I had a good time with the guys and everything. But guys in the reserves at that time, or National Guard, they really to get away from the wife for the weekend and go hang out with their buddies. That's all it was. They, the training and everything was kind of a joke. They didn't really, you know, they didn't really put their heart and soul into it. It was, Hey, I wanna get away from the wife for a weekend, so I'm gonna head out. I'm in the reserves or National Guard.


Did you keep in touch with the guy that made it through? No. Saw him later on. No. Saw him later on when I got into the unit, he was in B Squadron. He's an alcoholic and got more than 1D UI And at that time they let you slide on one or two. Now as time went on, Yeah, That was, yeah, they didn't, you didn't slide at all. But they let him slide on one or two. And when he got another one, he is like, dude, you can't, you gotta go. Interesting. Yeah, he, He was an alcoholic stud Dude was an animal. He was an animal in sf. Legendary dude.


But he was an alcoholic. Well, Larry, let's take a quick break. Sure. And when we come back, we'll pick up with you getting back in and going into the unit. Alright.


Debt doesn't just show up one day. It builds little by little credit cards, car loans, medical bills, and suddenly you're juggling payments. Feeling stuck. But here's the good news, you're not stuck. You just need a reset. At American Financing, they help homeowners like you. Every day they use your home's equity. Enroll that high interest debt into one simple, affordable payment. They're saving homeowners an average of $800 a month. No judgment. No pressure, just real solutions that put you back in control. Imagine breathing again, sleeping again. Knowing your future is yours to shape. It starts with one call. It only takes 10 minutes to get started and there are no upfront fees. So it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. And if you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments. American Financing's, salary based consultants are ready to listen and ready to help Take back your peace of mind with American Financing. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900. Or go to American Financing dot net slash srs.


The national debt is spiraling out of control. Trade wars are causing record volatility and inflation continues to rise. Are you prepared for what might be coming in the rest of 2025? Don't sit on the sidelines. Take action today to help protect your hard earned cash. You can even do this tax and penalty free call today at eight five five nine three six gold, or visit sean likes gold.com. Have a plan. Get organized and protect what you've worked so hard for. Right now, you can get a free 2025 Gold and silver kit for my partners at the top rated Precious Metals Company Gold Co. Learn more about the benefits of gold and silver, especially during these economic times. Plus, you could get unlimited bonus silver if you qualify. That's unlimited bonus silver. Help secure your future today. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6. Gold performance may vary. You should always consult with your financial and tax professional before making an investment decision.


Alright, Larry, we're back from the break. You gotten out, went to college. Why'd you go back in? I just never, they always that, just that nagging feeling in the back of my mind about could I make Delta, could I do it? Because to me, I mean they were, that's the ultimate pipe hitters to me. I mean, coming from the army point of view, I mean, that was it. And I knew it could I, could I do it? And it just never went away. And I, I came to that fork in the road. It's like, okay, I'm gonna be done here with my associate's degree in mechanical engineering. Soon I'm gonna have to decide, am I gonna stay on this path, get my mechanical in engineering degree, four year degree, and then go into the firearms industry?


Or am I gonna go back in and try out for Delta? Now, this is before you could try out from the Reserves or National Guard. So, and I got, there was a guy there, captain actually, who kind of coached me and gave me some info. He had tried out for Delta. He ended up coming to my reserve unit in Youngstown, Ohio. And he had notes and stuff. He, I wanna say he even had the address for the, the CSM that, you know, or the, the sergeant major in charge of selection at Delta. And I wrote a letter to him and said, Hey, I'd like to try out, how can I do it? I'm in the reserves right now.


And they wrote back and said, you're gotta, you know, you have to go, you have to enlist in the Army. We don't have a mechanism for you to try out from the National Guard of the Reserves. So I remember going, oh man, this is a big deal here dude. 'cause I'm getting ready if I'm gonna do this one long shot to make it long shot number two, I'm signing up for another four years back in the sf, which I disliked. So I remember talking to my friends, I, you know, I said, Hey man, this is what I'm thinking about doing. And they were all like, oh dude. They were all like, man, I don't know.


I said, you know what though? I, I gotta, it's just one of those, I've gotta scratch this itch or it's just never gonna go away. So I decided, you know, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go back in specifically to try out for Delta Force. That's why I went back in. How long after you went back in, did you get to try out Six months. Six months? Yeah. Six months after I went back in. So lemme think about when I went in September. Yeah, six months, six, eight months for I didn't make it the first time. You didn't? No, I did not. I overtrained real bad.


'cause when I was out, me and a buddy would lift weights a lot and we got pretty, pretty big. And I knew all about Overtraining, bro. I knew all about it. And I'd overtrained real bad. I trained like a madman right up until I left for selection. So I, my body was tore down. I, I mean, you know what I mean? And you ain't gonna roll in the selection with a tore down body and, and think you're gonna gut your way through it. I mean, at least I didn't, I I wasn't able to do that. So I didn't make it the first time. The second time though, I fell back and I went, you know what? I'm gonna learn from my mistake. I'm gonna two weeks out, I'm going to rest up.


I'm not gonna do any PT at all. I'm gonna make sure I'm a hundred percent rested up. And I was gonna skip, you know, I was gonna skip a, a a a selection. And I went to the spring, didn't make it. I was gonna skip fall and ended up going to the next spring. But I got back and I started thinking about, you know, nah dude, I'm going to the fall. What? I'm just, what, what was it like when you failed the first time? Well, I voluntarily withdrawn. I said, yeah, I did. Now I wouldn't have done that if I didn't realize how close. 'cause normally they don't let you come back. If you voluntarily withdraw normally you're done. I didn't know that Until I got the exit interview with the, the selection officer and selection sergeant major.


And he's like, why'd you volun voluntarily withdraw? And I said, I, I overtrained real bad. And they're like, yeah, explain that. One of those type of things. And I go, well, you know, my body was tore down. I know why I was, you know, I, the mistake I made, if, you know, I, when I when I come back, I'm not gonna make it again. And they're like, go, okay, okay, we will let you come back. And I was like, whoa. I was that close. Wow. For them saying you ain't coming back. If I'd have known na I would've just stuck it in there. How, I mean how long did you go before you voluntarily with drove Stress?


Day one or two early on. Oh shit. So Right Away Almost. Yeah. I mean, I went through the training part, you know, the train up per se, the land navigation train up. And then when I got into stress phase, it was early on one day, one or day two. And I knew I was just tore down, man, could I have gutted it out and made it, I don't know, I just can't tell you. I coulda maybe, maybe a big, maybe, but I said, you know, I just can't do this. And I voluntarily withdraw it. And dude that, oh man, I I was like, my God, did I dodge a bullet? 'cause it was just basically they could have, it's almost like flipping a coin.


And they could have went either way and we're like, okay, we're gonna let you come back. And I was like, whoa, what do you think? Because I thought it'd be like automatic. Okay, you overtrained, okay, here you go. We'll see you next time. Yeah, man, that's what I thought. I mean, what is it that you think you have that they wanted to allow you to come Back? I, I, I think on paper, because they give you a psych eval, they do, you know, they testing and before you ever go, so I mean you, I say psych eval, you fill out this paperwork, they go through this pretty serious process before you ever go. And I think I was, they looked at and said, this guy is a really good candidate for Macon.


And 'cause I, after being in the unit and kind of knowing the process, they have their eye on different people. No shit. Oh yeah. They're like, yeah, this guy's a high percentage guy, low percentage. And then they'll start cutting and chopping, okay, we're not gonna bring him because he's not, we're not seeing the indicators, we're not seeing the key things we need here to bring him up to this category to bring him selection. The the rule of thumb is that I, they, they bring in 250 applications and they whittle it down to a hundred. In my case it was 88, 88, 88 dudes out of roughly 250 applications.


But they're all, you know, they be made some disciplinary stuff. There's gonna be different things on there. They go, no, this guy's, or you know, a guy from, you know, we used to talk about it, you know, when you're going to recruit, why are you going to Fort Hood in these different places where the chances of you finding a guy that's gonna make it is almost zero. And they go, well, we're looking for that one guy. And they go, you know, if, if we're really wanting to get down to it, we'd only go to the SF groups and ranger battalions. That's it. That's the only place. This was back in the day before they would recruit from the Seals or the Marines or whatnot.


But that was way before that era. They go, yeah, we would just go to the Ranger battalions and SF groups and that, that's it because that's the, your higher percentage guys that are gonna make it. But we want it. If that's, there's one guy that comes outta Fort Hood, we want him. I'm like, okay. But yeah, I was that close to not being able to, but that's my call. They, you know, on paper that they were like, Hey, this guy's a high percentage chance of making it. Gotcha. Yeah. That's my call. And so you go back. Yeah, I go back Germany, I was stationed in Germany at bad totes. I don't know if I told you that or not, which was a superb place to train for selection.


Superb. Because we had some real serious hills behind us, real serious. And once a month, maybe every once a couple weeks I would, I would ruck march all the way up. This and I, I've, I've long since forgot the name of the hill and it was big. And I would mark March all ruck March all the way up, down and back down all the way to the top and then back down in superb place to try out to, to train up for selection with bad Toch Jeremy, but I mean superb. So I went back, decided, you know, I'm not gonna skip. And there's a good reason, I'm glad I didn't, we will get to that here later, but I'm glad I didn't skip that selection and go to the next spring.


I'm glad I went to that fall and they came out and I wanna say they came out and did a PT test just for me at Fort at, at Bad Tots. Yeah. Actually I know for a fact that's what they did. I did the pt, they came just because I was the only guy that said, Hey, I wanna go. And they're like, okay. And they came and gave me a PT test to, to try out and they came by them or you know, I was the only guy at Bad Tots trying out What, do you remember what the PT test was? That was a standard Army PT test. Okay. Yeah. At that time. Gotcha. Yeah, we didn't do a, a swim test at that time. That, that one that's, we did a swim test at Selection.


Okay. When you got to Camp, camp Dawson in West Virginia. But it wasn't a swim test, it was just a standard Army PT test. You know, pushups set up some two mile run. You had, you know, had minimum standards you had to pass in order to go. And they were pretty low. I mean, you go, they have to be up here. They're like, no, you know, we're gonna let you pass the, you know, and then it's back on you. You know, you, you are the one who has to step up to the plate and get a better PT test score. I mean, that was the thing about Delta selection is they always put it back on the individual. They're not gonna spoon feed you anything. It's, they're just gonna put it back on you and see how you deal with it, how you're gonna respond, how you're gonna adapt, overcome, it's all on you.


They all put everything on you. So what was it like the second time? Dude, I kicked ass. I, my head was where it needed to be. Like I said, two weeks out, you know, I, I've complete, I didn't do any PT for two weeks, which drove me crazy. I'm not gonna lie, it drove me crazy 'cause I was a PT animal, as you can imagine. Getting ready for selection. Two weeks out. I completely stopped doing pt, I arrested the whole nine yards. I told my team sergeant what I'm doing. He is like, okay, I need, I didn't have to do PT with the team, nothing like that. And I rolled in and dude, I was, I was on my A game and I fucking nailed it.


What is it like when you first show up? First show up, you get in, you know, you bring in, they give you more testing, you get more evals. They're kind of honing it down. If initially it was a big broad brush type of, you know, a a a course screen, now they're getting you in the smaller, they're gonna dial things in where they can get a better handle on what you are like as a person, what you think they're gonna be like as a Delta Force soldier, Delta Force operator. And they're gonna dial you in. Then you do a PT test again, you can do another PT test Day one.


Once the things get going, do a PT test, standard Army PT test, push up, set up two mile run, then you do a swim test, a hundred meters fatigues and boots, which you can't buff your way through that. You better know how to swim or you're not gonna make it. And I knew that. So I trained up over and over and over and it got to the point where I could, I, I timed myself. I swam an hour in fatigues and boots 'cause I learned how to do it, not fight the fatigues and boots, just go with the flow, you know what I'm talking about. And so did the swim test. And then that night, 18 mile rucksack march. So one day, day one PT test, swim test, 18 mile rucksack march.


Holy Shit. And if you don't, if you don't make the cut on any of 'em, you're, you're gone. I take that back. They will give you a retest on the PT test. I don't memory serves me. Correct. No retest on the, on the swim test and no retest on the 18 miler. But they will, the very next day, they'll give you a retest on the PT test. And you can imagine the, I knew one guy that passed that w was able to pass it the next day that didn't pass it the day prior, which you kind of go, how is that? But he did, he passed it the second day, but he didn't pass it the day prior. The average guy, it's, it's gonna be impossible after you've done it the first day failed, done the SWIFT test, swim test pass and did the 18 miler and passed.


Yeah, you, you try to make up the PT test the next day and they ain't gonna happen. Is the 18 miler or is that a land navigation thing too? No, just the, the rucksack March one roads. Okay. Through hilly train. Through hilly train. Very hilly train. How were you treated? Totally, I mean no, no encouragement, no discouragement at all through the whole course. And they did that on purpose to try to get you, then once again they put it all back on you. They don't want it. Like, hey man, good job. You know what I mean? Or Hey dude, you gotta pick up the pace. None of that kind of stuff.


It was, you could walk in, I used to tell people you could walk in with a broken leg and they'd go color and number and you'd have to have a color and you know, they'd give you, at the beginning of the day, they'd give you a color and number. So you'd have to remember, you know, charts. 43 charts, 43. Show me where you're at and where you came from. 'cause it's all in NAB based through, through serious hilly terrain. It's like a buddy of mine said there aren't mountains there, but there's some damn big hills. And that's the truth. Camp Dawson is surrounded by damn big hills. So you're doing land navigation and it's like, show me where you're at, show me where you came from and you show 'em.


Came, you know, I'm here, came from here and you, you know, you gotta show 'em the right thing on the map. You can't, you know, hey, you know, if the guy got it wrong, you go, go over there, reassess where you came from. Then you got, oh, I came from here, Sergeant I right there. Okay, your next point's underneath that rock. And you'd have a little, you know, laminated piece of, you know, have something laminated. You flip it over and you'd write down where you're at. You plot it on the map and you go up, you know, you'd say, come on up, chart 2 43, come on up, show me where you're at, where you're going. I'm here, I'm going here. Have a good one. And that cycle repeated over and over and over again throughout.


And you don't know how long, you don't know how much time you got to get from point A to point B and you don't know how many points you're going that day. So each point is timed? Yeah. Oh yeah. Each point time. It's not the full course. No, each, each Point's fine. I mean the full course is essentially a time, but you don't really know. You don't really know where exactly you're going. No, you might have four points one day you might have six points the next day and How long does this last? Six days. And then on the seventh day you do the 40 miler. This is stress phase. Okay, we talked about the PT test, swim test, 18 miler.


Now after that you get into basically, for lack of a better term, the training phase. They're gonna teach you how to do land navigation. And the reason they did that used to be back in the day, you just went right in the stress phase. But they found out this isn't fair because there's guys who would probably make it that don't know how to do, they've never had land navigation training. So they would put you through 10 days to two weeks-ish, more or less 10 days of the best land navigation training in the US Army. It has to be the best land navigation in, in the US military or probably in the world. I mean magnificent land navigation training.


You had cadre living, you cadre, lead led, you know, land navigation. It was just magnificent. Really, really good. You know, map reading, you know, dead reckoning. You know, you, you know, you go around the hills, mountains, all that kind. It was just really, really good training. It was superb, but it was also kind of grinding you down. So everybody kind of got to a certain level. You have a stud or whatever. He's not gonna be a hundred percent going into stress 'cause you're, you're going through the same hills, rocky terrain, twisting your ankle, that kind of stuff. So it's kind of taking even the studs and grinding them down a bit.


So when they get ready to do stress phase, they're not on their A game. If they're lucky, they're on their B minus game. Gotcha. And then you start stress. What's stress, Stress phase is that six days with the seventh day being a 40 miler and you stay out in the woods in a tent in the environment, you're eating res you know, you, you get, at the end of the day you'll get in in these trucks or Humvees, at the time I did it, it was trucks. And you, you don't know where you're going. The guys who don't make it that day go back to Camp Dawson. The guys that make it for that day pass, they go to the base camp and they put up their tent and you eat your res and then you crash out and you, they tell you what time you gotta be up and you, it's on you.


They're not gonna wake you up in the morning. You gotta be, you know, you gotta get yourself up. You gotta put away all your gear and you gotta be standing by ready to go. When the trucks come in to pick you up and take you, then they take you back out to another point and they, you know, charts 43 or they, they're gonna give you a different color and number that day. Vicar, you know, purple one, two, truck number three, you know, I jump on and I have to remember purple, you know, one, two, that's my color number for that day. And then you go out and they bring you out purple. One, two, your, your points over there. You go over the same thing. You take it out.


This is where I'm at, this is where I'm going map, show me what you got. This is where I'm at, this is where I'm going going have a good one. That's the only encouragement. You're gonna have a good one. That's it. And the 40, The process. The 40 miler. Now before I get to that, there were people that didn't finish one day that still made the course and you're like, how can that be? I, my call is, and by the way, the, the standards are the holy grail of the unit. There's only a handful people that have ever known the standards. I mean they are, that is the deepest, darkest secrets in that organization.


I was in the unit for 15 years and I had no idea what the standards were. I could guess I had no idea. Only when you got to a certain point like the commander or the command sergeant major, or you are the selection commander or selection sergeant major. Would you be read in on the on, you'd be read in on the t leaves. So there's two people that make the determination if you fit the standard. Yes. Really? Yes. Even the cadre that are there. Don. Oh, The standard. They have no idea. No shit. Oh, he had no idea. None. He would call in the times, you know, purple three, two Vickers. You'd tell him what time he got here.


He, you know, arrived at 1215. You know he left at 1232. So does that mean it's solely based off a time? 'cause that, to me that means there's a gray area. What do you mean? I mean, you had mentioned that there are people that didn't maybe make the time, but they still got in. Yeah. Here's my call. Nobody knows the time. It's be, I mean I would, I, I understand why the, the, the guys trying out would not understand the time. But for the cadre to not know the time and only two people.


It sounds like four out of all of the unit knows the time that there's a gray area there where they may have identified somebody that they want that made. No, I never did that. And it never did that. I know what you're talking about. Never happened. They were Nazis about it, bro. I mean, wouldn't somebody hear that? They would only select certain people to be the selection off, you know, selection commander or selection sergeant major. There was only certain people that did that. That was not something they just randomly come down to a squadron. All right dude, you come on up to o you know, s and t you're gonna be the No, no, no. You were, you were handpicked. Handpicked and you're, you had a track record in the unit.


You'd been in the unit for a long time. No, No, no, no. That's not, I'm sorry. That's not what I meant. That's not where I was going. What I meant was for the selection, for the guys going through selection. If nobody knows the time, then time is obviously important. But they may identify something in, in a, what would you call 'em? A, A trainee. What do you mean? The guy's going through selection. Yeah, candidate. A candidate. So they would, they may identify a candidate that doesn't meet the time standard, but they like everything else about it. Oh yeah, no, wouldn't matter if you don't meet the time standard. You could be a rockstar and it wouldn't matter. We had some rockstar. How Would, how would nobody, how would nobody, I'm just general, it's a genuine question.


I'm, I'm not like poking holes in it. I'm just trying to understand. I mean, how would, how would more people not figure out what the time is? If you could just go through the times and go that guy made, that guy made it that guy. You can't, obviously it's under X time. But the thing is, all you had was you, you, the only information you had as a cadre was your little small vision of the world. You didn't see the whole, you didn't see him at this point. This guy at this point. Okay, this guy in and They compartmentalized. Yeah, it's compartmentalized. You always only saw your piece of the puzzle. You didn't see what you know he was doing. You didn't see what he was reporting in. The only guy that got all that was the s and t SAR major who's out there running it.


Yep. And running the numbers. What was your, I mean there would be something to the point that you would go walk. You'd be, if you had to go up to his truck or something, he'd be like, stop. And he would take, put everything away, you know. So you couldn't come up and look over his shoulders. Yeah. What do you need? I mean it was top secret bro. Top secret. Do you remember your time? 40 miler. Yeah. 16. Now according to book, according to Charlie Beckwith's book Delta Force, you had 20 hours to do the 40 miler. You had to do two hours, two miles an hour in very hilly terrain. Very hilly terrain.


Some of it on roads, some of it on trails, some of it across the country. And you had to do it in 20 hours. I believe that's accurate. I think that's legit. I did it. 16 hours, 20 minutes. A 40 miler. Damn that's moving. Yeah. Now dude, I know some guys who did it in unbelievable times. Unbelievable. What Was your strategy On the 40 miler? Yeah, keep moving. Take the simplest path. 'cause I knew people that had tried to take shortcuts and have bit 'em in the ass. They got, they got nailed in Mount Laurel and they, they completely lost track of where they're at.


They had no idea where they're at. They were trapped and they, that was it. And they were done. They couldn't get out of it. So I would just take like there's one big hill, gigantic monster hill. After you do a river crossing, it's about, I wanna say it's about 25, no, yeah, about 25 miles in. And you got your next point is at the top of the hill. I kept it simple. I basically took, I did the, the switchback road all the way up. A lot of other guys just did this number and most of them did not make it because they would get caught in mountain laurel. Well, number one, it would smoke you to death.


Yeah. It the, it would be so incredibly difficult to do that 25 miles into a 40 mile rucksack march. And you're, you know, you're going dead reckoning at the top of this hill. I mean I know people that did it, but as general rule, it was a kiss of death. But I did switch back all the way up till I could see that top road. And I cut over to it and came into the point. But I just kept it simple. Stayed focused. I didn't try to do anything fancy, kept moving. I stopped one time to have a little bit of an MRE and that was it. I kept moving the whole time. I wasn't worried about running it, I was just trying to stay positive and stay moving the whole time.


When do you find out that you passed That 40 miler? When you get to the last point, they call up and they, you know, purple twelves here, vicars. And they'll run the numbers and they'll go okay, you know, send them on up and you basically, and they go, okay, you know vicar or purple one two, your next point is at the top of that, you know, basically it was a power line clearing at the very top, maybe a kilometer, not very far at all. You're greeted by the s and t SAR major and the s and t cap or commander. That's who greets you at the top. And if you don't make it, you go over here.


If you do make it, you go over here by the fire and they're like, you know, Sergeant Vickers, congratulations. You successfully completed the stress phase of you know, dealt a force selection and assessment. Damn dude. Immediately started crying. I mean I just gushed I was and I'm sure I wasn't the only one that did that. Hardest thing I ever did in my life. Bar none, bar none outta 88 people that that tried out. That started 13 made it and 11 got through OTC. So 11 guys made it through OTC crossed the hall into one of the saber squadrons outta 88.


Damn Dude. There was classes they had in the hallway outside OTC, they had all the different class pictures. There's a guy who, he was the only dude out of the whole class that finished No Ray Pfeiffer. Yeah, Ray Pfeiffer. He's standing there by himself in the picture. Damn. Others Three dudes, others two dudes, stuff like that. I remember one, I was an s and t instructor and we had five, five guys made it through selection. Wow. We had to do OTC class with like nine dudes. 'cause we had those five guys and then we had four direct support basically. Medics, comm guys, EOD Oh no Shit.


They, yeah they went tc. They go through, they would go through O TC too. Now they, there's certain things they didn't do. They didn't do CQB but they would do everything else. You know what I mean? All the helo operations they would do, they would do patrolling, they'd do everything else 'cause they're gonna be augmenting operators but they wouldn't do CQB. There's certain things that they didn't do. But yeah, they would go through OTC. So we had nine. What was the, one guy broke his ankle. He had to get bumped to the next class. We ended up having eight for an OTC class. Wow. What was the conversation like at the campfire?


Well they had some glue vine. You ever heard of that stuff? Yeah. Glue vine. It's German, right? Yeah, I, I don't drink alcohol so I didn't have any. But they have that you can partake. You don't drink alcohol? No. You never have. No, I never have. Are you serious? Courtesy? Yeah, courtesy. My mom, I told you remember my mom absolutely do not drink. 'cause her my mom's, my grandfather who I never met 'cause he'd passed away. My mom's dad had passed away before I was born was an alcoholic. So my mom was like, Uhuh, This is like unheard of in this special opposite. Oh yeah, gimme unity. By the way, dude in Delta there was more than a few people that didn't drink.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That was not uncommon. And it was not uncommon. And more than a couple guys drank when they got there and stopped because they realized if they didn't stop and get it under control, they were gonna be booted out. They were gonna be shown the door. And I know a couple guys that completely stopped drinking that had come there. 'cause they knew if, if something went wrong, if they didn't get it under control 'cause they came from SF or wherever and, and you know, the drinking was a big part of the culture and whatnot. Now they come to Delta and it's not the drinking's not, not that the guys don't drink, don't get me wrong. But it's not that big culture thing.


Like we're gonna go out and get trashed every Saturday night. That kind of a thing. No. Gotcha. And so what was the conversation like at the fire? Do you remember it? Basically how difficult it was comparing notes to you. Hey you remember that? Oh yeah. Did you go there? No. Yeah, because there was one part which they've discontinued is you get up to the top of this hill and this was on day one, I think stress day one. And there's a dude sitting there with a steak dinner. He's in a suit and he's got a, a table there, you know, glass of wine or whatever the hell it is in a steak dinner. And he's the cadre at the top of the hill and you're like, and he goes, you know, color number, show me where you're at, where he came from, your next point's located over there.


Okay, color number, show me where you're at, where you're going. Have a good one. Now here's the thing though, not everybody goes to that point. So guys start doubting each other. Like, I didn't see that. What are you talking about? Yeah man, there was a guy up there. Don't you remember that? No, I didn't see it. I didn't, there was no guy with a steak dinner at a table. You know what I mean? That kind of little bit of a PSYOPs thing. Over time they did away with that. 'cause they were kind of like, what really is this bringing to the table for us? So they did away with it. They moved the swim test to OTC And Now I tell you why they did that.


And at the time, dude we didn't, that did not go over well in the unit. We're like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop timeout. What are you doing? Well their thing is like number one, the guys barely go across any bodies of water in the unit. I mean they're, you know, in selection an OT or in selection, you know they, there's one river crossing during the 40 miler and you now you go across a bridge. They used to have a pontoon boat that'd take you back and forth and you go across a couple creeks. So having a guy pass a swim test in order to attend selection doesn't really make much sense because back at his unit, he may not have access to a swimming pool where he could practice.


So let's bump it. Let's say let's get the guy through selection that one or two dudes, whatever that might be. Let's get him through selection and then an OTC at the very beginning. Now we will give him a swim test and then now he's had, you know, a couple months whatever to now it's on him. Okay, now you've gotta find the sources. You gotta find a pool. You gotta find the ability to go and practice for the swim test. You know what the swim test is and you know you're gonna be evaluated on when you get to OTC. As far as I know, there was nobody that failed it. By the time they got to OTC, they're, you know, when they signed in and they got the swim test, it was no problem.


Nobody failed it. And so what happens the next day after you passed election More? Well chilling, you rest then more Eva, more psych evals. Lots of psyche. Oh Dude, Fuzzy famous Story. What's that? That's, that's the way I always passed them. Think about fuzzy bunnies. Fuzzy bunny. There's a famous story and I don't know if it's true, but I don't, I don't necessarily doubt it that the unit Sykes had it nailed down so tight on who would make selection that they would, they put a name, a list of names in an envelope, gave it to like the s and t Sergeant Major.


And at the end of the core end of selection, they were gonna open it up and see what guys finished selection versus the names on the sheet. And they nailed it. Wow. Now that's, that could be a wives tale, it could be an urban, but I, they had it really nailed down. I know more than a few guys who the N sf that once they got to a certain point, they were done. They, they send them because they just, they narrowed the, the the beam down or whatever you, the focus down to the point that they could tell this guy's not gonna work out. And we, you know, 'cause they had the kind of that institutional knowledge per se of different people in the past and psychological profiles and indicators and you know, little triggers.


Stuff that they can dial in on and go, this guy's just not gonna be a good candidate. So They would actually, they would actually pull guys that are making the time just because they didn't think, Well what would happen is they would go to the board and then they'd get cut. Gotcha. Yeah. They would go to the board and they'd get cut. That's how it would go. And so when did you start OTC Mall selection? Finished October. Started it right after New Year. Signed in the unit in December. Got, you know, or got our gear, all that deal. Went on Christmas break and then came back right after New Year and started it. So you had about, you had what, three months?


Yeah. Ish. What was that? Three months? What'd you fill that with? Went Basically went back to bad tots. And once again, Now I amm the guy that walked on water because you go back to that unit, I mean it's, you can go your entire army career and never meet one guy who, who made it into Delta. Real easy, real easy. And I went back and they were like, I made it. And they were like, I mean, right then dude, you, I mean you're like now six inches off the ground and then you're basically, you then you have paperwork, you hand your chain of command and it said, you know, individuals been, you know, selected for a special missions unit, orders will be coming down.


There is no deferment allowed. He will ab you basically telling him, reading him the right act, you know, you're, this guy's gonna go to Fort Bragg and there's not a goddamn thing you can do about it because he's now, you know, he's been selected at this level, you're at this level, you're not gonna stop. And they had to do that because units, you're losing some of your best guys. This guy's a stud, he's one of the best guys, you know, on your team or in your battalion ranger battalion or whatnot. And now he's leaving. Now I'm gonna do whatever I can to keep him. Boy they shut that down by the time I went through. I'm sure early on that was a real problem. That's why they give you that piece of paper that you hand, you know, you hand to your, your chain of command and they, by the time I went through there was no issues.


Everybody, hey made Delta, he's gone. So they would kind of just write you off. You're kind of on your own doing your own pt, you know, getting ready, packing up, waiting for the official order to come down so you know when you're actually leaving. How was it checking into OCC? Overwhelming at first you're like, oh my god, I I'm coming through the gate into the Delta Force. You come in totally overwhelming. Then you start seeing the guys you that you made it through selection with that are gonna be in your OTC class. You get the initial in brief from the instructors, different instructors than you saw in West Virginia.


That's cadre outta the squadrons. So like a troop, one of the squadrons will go up and rotate through every, you know what I mean? B Squadron might have at this time C Squadron. And then those are different guys than you see for the OTC instructors. Totally different guys. It's not one and the same. And then you'll get introduced to the instructors and you kind of get your gear together and all that just pretty overwhelming. Fortunately they ease you into it, you know what I mean? Then you're doing pt. But it's their thing is like, now we want to keep you in shape but we don't wanna break you down because you've already proven that you, you you have what it needs from a, what you need from a physical point of view.


That's what you just proved in West Virginia. Now we want to train you, you know, we, we, we have assessed you and feel like you are the correct raw material to become a Delta operator. Now we want to train you and evaluate you to see if in fact you can become a functional member of the unit, a Delta operator. So that's the difference there. The PT isn't designed to tear you down. I mean it's designed to keep you in shape team building. 'cause now it is, yeah, it's individual. But now it's also, can you, can you function as a team? How are you treated? Like adults? Yeah, no, no discouragement, no harassment.


Yeah, you were is There, is, is there any interaction between the guys going through OTC and the operators? Very, very little basically. No. And it's discouraged. It's very dis. Yeah like you hate, 'cause a lot of the guys know guys in the squadrons and they're like, you see 'em in the chow hall, you can say hi, but that's it. You don't talk to 'em. And then the guys in the squadrons are told don't interact with the guys in OTC 'cause you don't want to give 'em, hey hey heads up. You know what I mean? To my buddy, oh by the way watch for this. That kind of stuff. Gotcha. So you're basically both sides of the equation.


The OTC students are told don't interact with the guys in the squadrons. The guys in the squadrons are told don't interact with the guys in OTC. Can you describe day one of training? You know, right off the bat it was all about shooting. The first two weeks was all about shooting dry fire. We did like, I wanna say at least maybe, nah, I don't know if it was a week at least like three days of dry fire before we ever made it to the range. At least all day, all day long for the first three days.


And I could be wrong in that it may be longer, but it was all about shooting right from the start. 'cause they realized shooting in CQB is what that unit's all about. I mean that's the meat and potatoes. That's the very core of what that organization's about is the op Delta operator being able to do shooting and conduct close quarters combat. And that's, everything in that organization revolved around that. Everything. Everything. I mean there was different stuff you did like VIP protection, high speed driving, you know, different airborne operations. You would do helo operations. You know, you do a variety of things. But it all boiled down to what is the meat and potatoes, what's the core of what we're all about shooting CB.


And we started out with marksmanship and then that was a common thread throughout. Were there qualifications? Oh yeah. What were some of the tougher quals? Well we'd have accuracy stuff bullseye at 25 yards. Pistol stuff. What size bullseye? Standard B eight. So you're talking a five and a half inch black damn. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, and then you'd score it. You have different scoring rings on it. A possibility of a hundred you have to score to a certain, and I don't remember what they were, but you have to, you know, you have to score to a certain amount or in order to pass. And then you were evaluated on that on a pretty regular basis. Very accuracy oriented.


Delta is famous for that. It is. They're, and that's why you see instructors out Delta, they're all accuracy based. 'cause under, nobody's gonna have to tell you. You go, what about speed? Well, here's the thing, nobody's gonna have to tell you to shoot faster in a gunfight. I'm in a gunfight. Nobody's gonna have to, Hey dude, shoot faster. That's never gonna be a factor. The issue is getting hits on target. So you have to make sure, and I have a personal rule of thumb that I go by is, under conditions of stress, you, the best you'll be able to perform is 50% of your normal.


You know what I mean? If I'm shooting at a certain on the range, the best, the absolute best I can hope to perform under conditions of stress is 50% of that particular standard. So you have to hold yourself to a high standard 'cause it, you know, I'm only gonna be here when I'm being shot at. What about rifle? What were some of the tougher rifle quals We had stuff we would do basic rifle marksmanship with m fourteens when I was there initially ized M 14, NA national match M fourteens. As time went on, they did away with that and it was full size M 16 A twos. And then they eventually went to the M four and it was, you know, different positions, standing, kneeling, prone, you know, basically different position shootings.


Once again very bullseye oriented and for score. And, and you're, you're evaluated to that stuff and ranked and you had to meet a certain standard or you would generally give, you get remedial training. But after a certain point, and then we had guys fail it and generally they'd be put outta the unit or they would put, they would be put in a support role in the unit where, where they were not an operator. Where shooting wasn't necessarily, you know, not important. It's important for everybody there, but not as important as is for an operator. So they'd put 'em in a support role. Then once you got to that point, the real thing that weeded people out with CQB, that was really what it boiled down to.


That's what weeded people out. 'cause you, You know, you can take a guy through selection, you can have 'em shooting, but when you go into a room and there's somebody shooting past you by a matter of inches that there's some people that absolutely cannot handle that. And we saw that with guys, you know about every class. There'd be somebody. I remember one guy, everybody liked him. He's a great dude. Every, all the instructors liked him. He just could not do it. He couldn't do it. And he basically said, Hey, I can't, I can't do this, I can't do it. And he, you know, we let him go. How complicated does it get? Pretty complicated.


You know, you've, you know, you can do it with protective mask on and all that jazz, but you know, it gets to the point where you're coming in on a, your fast open in at night, you know, door charges, flash bangs, you know, live people, you have live bad guys. You gotta shoot past them and targets. You can even get simunitions going on where you're being shot at with simunitions, you're shooting back at them some with Simunitions that kind it can very, very complicated and get really ramped up. And what you see is it really starts separating people. What you see is guys that, you know, if I'm coming into the house and it's during the day and I can see all the targets, then it's one thing.


But Now I gotta come in on a fast rope and it's in the middle of the night and the helos are flaring and dropping guys off and there's rotor wash and then we gotta put up door charges and then we gotta use flash bangs and there's a team on this side of the hall and there's a team on this side of the hall. We have to make sure we're not doing crossfire. All that stuff starts coming into play. Then some guys really start coming unraveled. How many, I mean, what, what, what is a, does everybody have CQB experience before they show up from their prior unit? No. No. How many guys we Have some we have now a lot more. 'cause you get, you see Rangers doing it, green Berets doing it, that kind of stuff.


'cause it's trickled down. 'cause let's face it, I mean guys in, you know, those combat arms, they, I mean we see in infantry units too, they know they need to know how to do some basic CQB. They need to know how to do it. 'cause I mean, it's urban combat. You're flowing into a room with bad guys. You need need to, you need to know how to be able to do at least a basic level of CQB. Now they're told right off the bat, how many guys know how to do CQB here? Nobody puts their hand up and they go, yeah, you got the memo right. There's the right way, there's the wrong way, there's the Delta way and you don't know shit about CQB till you show up here and we will teach you the way we do CQB.


How long do you spend on CQB? Oh dude, OTCs basically six months throughout the six months, I'd say three months of it at C, K, B if you, you know, it's spread out because now you're doing, you know, you're doing VIP training and you're doing high speed, you're doing, you, you do a POW training of course towards the end, but you're doing different segments of the training of OTC. But the constant, the common threads are shooting and CQB. So if you go away for VIP training, when you come back, you're gonna roll right back into some shooting and roll right back into CQB.


So I would say the shooting and the CQB portion in OTC six to seven month program is probably half of it. I mean, CQB just gets so complicated. And you know, I'm just curious, when you, when you show up at O-C-O-T-C and you have guys that you know that, that, that have, and it sounds like back then there was a lot of people that had zero exposure to CQB. I mean, think I had None people, I, what I'm trying to do here is, is bring to the audience how complicated this can get, you know, and, and so when does it move from, you know, a center fed door with no windows, no exterior doors, no nothing.


It just targets in there to, to a full building take down where you gotta worry about exterior doors. You're clearing rooms through Windows into the next room. You're clearing other, you're, you're, you know what I'm getting at. Yeah, I mean, it, it, that is, it's not just targets, it's sectors of fire. It's reading off the guy next to you. It's reading, it's, it's, it's green on green stuff. It's shooting through windows. It's clearing rooms before you even enter. Yep. I mean how, how fast is the pace That gets the, that's the bottom last third, that's the last two months. Okay. Out of a six month program, six seven month program. That's the last two months.


How long do you, how long do you spend on just the basic center, you know, center fed doorway into a room with no, with nothing exterior to worry about? Oh man. That, that basic, basic level. Probably a week. A week, yeah. And then it just starts going from, from there, okay, we're in this room now we gotta go to that room. And then that kind of evolves. So that, that, that really basic stuff. Probably two week, two weeks, maybe three. And then different structures on the compound. They have multiple structures to do CQB in Stairwells Hallways. Oh yeah. Stairwells hallways, key hallways. You get used to this shoot house as soon as they're used to it.


Now we come over here. How many shoot houses are there? Oh my God. If I had to guess now when I was there, probably 10, 10 different shoot houses. Yeah. Yep. If I had to guess I'd say 10. How long is it before you start using live ammunition? Really soon. Lay in on something. There's three things that dialed me into This is the NFL, this is the big leagues number one. When I got there and we were using gold medal, federal gold medal ammunition for Bright Basic rifle.


We weren't using standard ball. We were using federal gold medal. Gold medal match for our M fourteens. Basically a dollar 50, a round ammo for M fourteens. I knew right then, 'cause I knew enough what that ammo, how expensive it was. I'm like, whoa. We had Mag 50 eights instead M sixty's before the M two 40 was adopted and the, you know, marines were using the M two 40 or the, you know what I mean? And the Rangers not, we were using 'em before. Any of 'em I knew right then. Head and shoulders gun over the M 60 and we had Mag 50 eights, the last one, the big one. We carried live ammo all the time. Everywhere on Fort Bragg. You saw a guy at Delta, guy out on a four wheeler, on a ruck march or whatever.


He's got live AM on him on Fort Bragg. Really low key. That's something that everybody did. Nobody talked about 82nd, 82nd Airborne, didn't know anybody. Unit mps, I mean, 'cause that's unheard of. And the regular army for guys to be walking around with live ammo. You had live ammo on you all the time. Why is that? To get you used to having live ammo and being responsible with it. You know what I mean? How to manage the load, manage the weight, knowing when you're, I'm handling my weapon, my, my weapon's loaded. So I have to be aware of muzzle finger, finger off the trigger. I have to be dialed in on what's going on with this weapon.


'cause it's loaded, it's ready to go. Yeah. Whoever dreamed that up, I gotta give 'em, I mean, way back in the day, the OG Delta guys, I gotta give 'em credit. How Long had Delta been around before You now? 1977 and I got there 1988. So 11 years now. 77 when it started. But it was very much in its infancy. So they really, they didn't get ramped up to about 79. And then Desert one was 8 19 80. So really the unit had been up and running about a decade ish by, when I got there, maybe a little bit less. And you talking about some Mac V sog pipe hitters organized that unit and ST.


And started it. We're talking about some serious OG pipe hitters got that place going that knew from what it worked and what didn't work in Vietnam. And they made sure that we didn't do the same mistakes when they started Delta. So this is where the Vietnam guys went? Yes. Guys like Dick Meadows og Serious OG Pipe hitter was a guy that was in on the ground floor. He was retired, but Charlie Beckwith brought him in to get that organization going and he kind of set the tone, set the standards for the organization, him and others. But it, you know, MV saw legends like Dick Meadows, those are the guys that laid the groundwork and I'm sure those are the guys that said guys are gonna be carrying live ammo all the time.


So you wouldn't, when you were there, you were probably there with a lot of the plank owners. Do you guys call 'em plank owners? Yeah, plank owners for the audience means that they're the Original guys. Initial guys. Yeah. Actually there was quite a few. We, they're OTC one, I mean guys that were there from, that were there from OOTC number one and on. Yeah. Oh yeah, we were there from some of 'em. What Class were you? OTC 23. Yeah, 23. Yeah, when I was there there was about 200 people that had been Delta Force operators. That's it. That's it At that time.


I have no idea where they're at now 'cause it's been, I've been out of there for 20 years. Yeah. So I don't know where they're at. But O TC 23 and there've been about 200 guys that have been Delta operators. Wow. In, in a decade. What was it like at graduation? Oh dude. Well, you know, interestingly enough, they didn't make a big deal about it. They'd, you called crossing the hall, you'd, you'd come in, you'd get an interview, they'd assess how you did an OTC and you're going to a squadron. That's where I went. And that was it. You packed up your stuff, your stuff was already packed up 'cause you were gonna be moving that day. They, you knew whether you passed or not, where you, you know, where you were going to the squadron.


You just didn't know what squadron you were going to. And you would take your stuff over and they'd say, yeah, you're on F Team or whatever. And you, you'd go into F team and put your stuff in the Wall Locker. What did they say at your review? I was, interestingly enough, I was the first guy in West Virginia to go in for the board. And I was the first guy at after OTC to go in for the board outta my OTC class. Very first guy in West Virginia that went in for the board. Very first guy that went in to after OTC. And people said, well, that's nothing to it.


Bullshit that I know for a fact now. 'cause I was on the other end of this. They're bringing in a guy that's no brainer, that's obviously gonna go to the unit or, or he's done, finished OTC because that warms up, that gets the, the, the guys who are on the board warmed up to the questions and the sequence and the program of how you're gonna interview these guys. And I remember at the time, well, there's no rhyme or reason to it. Horse I knew at the time. I go, that doesn't sound right. They're, you know what I mean? They're gonna save, the guys are questionable towards the end And they're gonna save. Those guys are questionable towards the end. The guys that may, they may need to grill.


And I'm not really talking about OTC, they pretty much know you, you know, whether you're gonna go to a squadron or not. That's kind of a given. Talking about in West Virginia at after selection, they, they keep those guys to the end that they may have to grill for 30 minutes and you know, 'cause they've tracked this guy all the way through. They know what he's done Right. And what he's done wrong. We've had a got a couple guys that, I mean, I thought they were good to go. They got bounced on the board and selected. Wow. Yeah. What did they say at your Board? Oh, it's, I made a classic mistake. I, oh my God. I, they asked me a question and they go, why'd you do this? And I go, well, you know, other guys did it too.


Oh dude. Yeah. I mean I, that's, that's the kind of comment I made. And I go, well, you know, I'm sure other guys were doing it too. Oh my God. They were laid into me on that one. And I, as soon as I said it, I was like, why did I say that? And then they start talking to you and they go, well, you need to understand. So Sir Vickers Delta Force is part of the army, you know, you know, you have to be part of the army if you're gonna be in. And, and then they kinda lead you up to where you're like, oh my God, they're gonna tell me I didn't make it. That they purposely do that. And then at the very end, the, the commander goes, I wanna be the first one to welcome you to Delta Force.


How'd that feel? Oh, Unbelievable. I mean, the high of the high, the only one thing was ever hiring that one thing rescuing Kurt Muse, Adam Delta Prison in my life. Wow. Yep. That's the only thing that is higher than, than him shaking my hand. And then they all come up to shake her hand. So yeah, they bring in early on, they bring in the guy that's a no-brainer. This guy's no-brainer. He's going to the unit or he's going to a squadron.


No brainer. And that's just to warm the, the board staff up. The guys are on the board because quite a few of 'em. It's the first time they've been on a board. They don't really know the sequence. And they're, you know, they're coached, Hey, these are the kind of questions you ask. This is the kind of responses you're looking for. But you know, you gotta get 'em warmed up to being on a board. And they, they, you know, they do they early on, you're bringing in guys that are no-brainers. Do you remember what they asked? Why you did whatever it is that you did? No, I don't. Do you remember any of the specific Questions? No, I really don't. I just remember that one response that just opened the door for them to, I just realized, oh my God, why did I say that?


Well, other guys were doing it, you know, or whatever. Something, well, I'm sure other guys were doing it too. That was stupid. I knew it as soon as it came outta my mouth, but I don't remember exactly what the question was. No, I don't remember exactly what the question was. Yeah. Where did, Where did you go from there? From selection Or from OTCA Squadron. A squadron? Yeah, a squadron. And I went to a two troop F team and I was a junior guy on F team. How did they greet you? Good. Treated as a professional? No, you didn't look down on anybody. You know, a little bit of hazing and stuff, but real minor stuff.


Nothing major because you know, you respected the guy. You probably already gotten word, Hey, this guy is a star. He was one of the best guy. You know what I mean? Or you know, this guy's kind of needs, you know, he's okay. But you know, he obviously met the standard. He wouldn't be going to squadron. Right. But you may have already kind of gotten the word on the guy. He may be the guy who thinks he walks on water. He might need to knock him down a couple notches. You know what I mean? Or, Hey, this guy's a stud, we got word, yay. This dude was an, he killed it in OTC. And they're like, really? He goes, yes, the seal. We had Kevin Holland Superstar came from st six and we watched him like Hawk, I put him through selection.


He was our number one guy. No shit. Oh dude, he killed it. He absolutely killed it. And I remember talking to him and at the end I go, dude, do you know any more guys in the seals like you? And he goes, yeah, we got, I go talk to him about coming here. I go, because we need all the guys like you, we can get, he was a rockstar and we were watching him like a hawk. Like he's a seal. You know, he came from st six, you know what I mean? Dude, he, the dude was a rockstar. Absolute rockstar. He was the number one guy in his class. Wow. He killed it. Absolutely killed it by the end of it. Anyone, any, anybody, any, any of the cadery would've taken him on his team in a New York second.


When you did show up to a squadron, how do you, how do you feel that your proficiency in CQB and and just being an operator in general measured up to the guys that were, You knew you were at a pretty basic level. 'cause the guys there had been doing it, many of 'em for years. Now you've only done it for a few months. Now that being said, I went in, I mean, CQB wise, one thing, a lot to learn. I, I shot at a very high level. As soon as I walked across the hall, I was, you know, within probably the top, top five guys shooting wise.


As soon as I walked across the hall in a squadron. Wow. Oh yeah. I've always, one thing, I've always, you know, I was just had the ability to dial in on combat marksmanship. Now I did. I I was probably in the top five as soon as I walked across all. Is It competitive? Oh yeah. How so? You don't want a team, you don't want, basically you don't wanna embarrass yourself. So when you go out shooting, you know, there's peer pressure. It's not overt, it's not like in your face or nothing like that. But you know, if you don't do real well, you beat yourself up. I mean, you're in Delta Force and this organization is known for shooting. If you don't hold the standard, you're gonna beat yourself up.


If it gets bad enough, you're gonna get talked to some, your team sergeant's gonna pull you aside and say, dude, you gotta put in extra time. You know, if I need to work with you, I will, we will get you in, dialed in with one of the best shooters here. You know what I mean? If it gets bad at that, pretty rare. That's pretty rare. What's the culture like? I mean, coming from the SF team, which you were really unimpressed with, what's the culture like at Delta? You Know, SF team, we've talked about this a little bit, kind of a little bit more the of cohesive partying type. We're gonna drink together, you know what I mean?


Come over to the house on the weekend, we're gonna watch football and drink that kind of stuff. Delta is much more from when I was there, much more fit, mission focused, Really focused about why you're there and, and what you're all about. Comradery and whatnot. But it's like, hey, going over to your house on the weekend and, and drinking beer with you and watching football that's over here. What we're about is right here. And it's so the organization, and once I go back to the Dick Meadows piece, I don't know how much you know about the guy. There's a fantastic book written about him called Quiet Professional.


Is that the name of it? I'll think about it, maybe on break. I'll look it up. But, and this dude set the standard. Never. He was MV Sog legend. Never lost a man in combat. Wow. In MV Sog 13 POWs captured, he captured more enemy combats and enemy combat. Not POWs, excuse me, enemy combat. And anybody, he's the guy that went in and got vi he became an officer because of this and eventually became a major retired major. He went in and he got video footage, him and his team video footage of the HoChi Minh Trail to prove that the Ho Chi Minh Trail actually existed.


Oh shit. That was sent back to Congress and Congress was shown, this is Ho Chi Minh Trail. And Dick Meadows is the guy who did it. I mean, we're talking about a MB saw legend. And he, he set the standard. He was in charge of the assault force on Asante raid. So when you went in there, you didn't know it, but he, you had that Dick Meadows umbrella or standard set. Unbelievable planning, I mean detailed planning down to the absolute smallest detail in Delta. That's what we were all about. So it, it was a, a serious focused organization in terms of mission focus, partying at your house on the weekend for and watching football.


That's not very important. This is what's important. So that's, you asked about what's the different culture, what's the different feel? That's it. Delta is all about the mission sf. And I'm not saying it's not, but it's, you know, you got more of a, you know, it's just more of a, it's just a different feel to it. Like I said, come over to the house, you know, and we will drink beer over the weekend. We'll have a team party we'll cook out. That's all cool. And we did some of that stuff in Delta, but nothing like you saw it elsewhere. Nothing. It was all about, and there was some legendary team, team leaders. Some of 'em were absolute Nazis.


Absolute Nazis about stuff like you're supposed to be in at eight o'clock, like going, you know, on the range. You were firing the first shot when eight o'clock hit. Gotcha. Not show up. And were heading to the range at eight. You're on range pulling the trigger and the first bullet's going down range when eight o'clock hits. And the dude there were Olympic and you've seen 'em too. You were in the CLC. You've seen what I'm talking about. Olympic level athletes. I mean, guys that were, I, I still can't believe some of the physical accomplishments that they would do. Yeah. And guys who were Olympic level athletes in, in the organization. You, you've seen it.


I've seen it. I mean you are, you're a stud to get in that organization to begin with. But guys that are on this level, Wow. Let's take a quick break. When we come back, we'll get into some of your operations.


If you are a homeowner, you need to listen to this. When's the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house. If you're like me, the answer is never. The problem is, in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county and boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. That's why you need to stop what you're doing and find out today if you're already a victim, use promo code srs@hometitlelock.com to make sure your title is in your name. You'll also get a free title history report, plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock production. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they'll spend up to $1 million to fix it. Go to home title lock.com. Now use promo code SRS. That's home title lock.com. Promo code SRS.


You all know what speed dating is, right? Well if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating but only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested qualified candidates all at once. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash srs. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. It's so easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free. It's ZipRecruiter dot com slash srs. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash srs. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


All right, Larry, we're back from the break. We've covered OC OTC, you're at the unit, you're in a squadron. How long are you there before you go on your first operation? So I got there summer of 89 and we ended up doing Panama in December of 89. So six months. Six months. And you're on your first Mission. Yep. And we heard scuttlebutt that there was a guy, we heard it was a CIA guy that was held in Panama in a prison.


And there was people working on it in, in terms of rescue mission. And it followed the squadrons in terms of when you were on Alert Cycle, you would work on the mission and then when you came off alert cycle, it would go to the next squadron. You would hand it off and they would, they would develop the plan and and rehearse and they'd tweak it. And then when they came off alert cycle, they'd hand it off to the next, next, you know, hey this is what we got. And we didn't know if it would ever happen 'cause it was all part of the bigger picture in terms of, it was called Blue Spoon and eventually became just cause And it was going down to overthrow Norie and his government is really what it was.


The Kurt Muses rescue you was a piece of that because one George Bush Sr. Had made it a priority. Hey, we're gonna rescue this guy. And we knew he was held in, in Mandela prison, which is the number, was the premier prison in Panama City. I mean it was basically their model prison or whatever you wanna call it. It was the number one prison in the country. And he, that's where he was being held. And it was a block away from the cia, which is essentially the Panamanian Pentagon.


So it was basically in right in the heart of the belly of the beast, for lack of a better term. And we knew if we didn't get him at the beginning, he was gonna be killed as soon as the, the invasion went off. So the just cause was initiated by the rescue operation to get Kurt Muse out. That started the sequence of events that became just cause in the whole what Countrywide effort to overthrow, no agan, his government. Can you describe what was going on at Panama at the time? Well, a lot of, you know, at one time Noriega was a basically an ally of the United States.


Well that flipped. The guy's corrupt. I mean he just, I mean he was a shit bird. And there was a lot of unrest. There was a lot of tension between the Americans and, and the Panamanians. And it was escalating. It just over time it just got worse and worse and worse. And it all came to a head when, just before just cause kicked off a squadron was on our alert cycle. We'd been training for the Modelo prison raid 'cause we'd had got a handoff and we were putting our, you know, tweaking it, putting our, our, you know, touches to the mission and we'd been rehearsing it.


There was a, I wanna say a marine lieutenant that was killed at a checkpoint, I wanna say right near the cia. But they, they started harassing the guy, if memory serves me correct. The way it worked was he was in a, a, a vehicle with a couple other military, you know, personnel and he kind of, they kind of went through this checkpoint and one of the Panamanians shot at him and hit him and killed him. Shit. Killed this marine lieutenant. I think it was a marine, but I know for a fact it was a US military LI personnel lieutenant that was killed. I remember hearing about that on the news and I went, Ooh, this is not gonna go well.


And sure enough our beeper went off like that and I went, oh, I gotta go in. And we went in, I saw Elden barge, well the squadron commander, MV saw legend. And he said, blue spoons going down two days from now. Like whoa. And we got on the birds and we were down and we were the first ones down to Howard Air Force Base before all JSO came down and basically descended in socom, JSO and, and SOCOM descended on Howard Air Force Base and established that as a, you know, an HQ for the special operations piece of just cause.


And this had been building up for a while. We've been doing rehearsals. We had some pretty major rehearsals for it. Basically, like I said, it was called Operation Blue Spoon and then became just cause And by the way it's called acid gambit now. Or we, I never heard during the mission ever heard the, the, the terms acid gambit Never did. It was only till later, much later. Interesting. And I'm not sure why that is. You know what I mean? What Were you guys, what was the, the FTS for? I mean did you, did you guys have I know what they were for. Did you guys have a layout of the prison? Did you know where he was? I mean how gnat's ass was the entire good question coming back from you guys to you guys to plan This.


There had been an army doctor who'd been allowed to go in and see him. I don't think it was once a week. I think it was once a month. And he was in there nine months. I think it was once a month. This army doctor was, was able to go in and check on his health and welfare. And the army doctor was debriefed extensively every time he came back. So we started getting really good intel on where he was held inside the prison. You know, what condition he was in the layout of the prison. We were able to get some really good intel from this army doctor.


We would do flybys when we were down there initially we, we went down initially ba to train up and we would do flybys with helicopters and look at the top of the prison from a distance and kind of, you know, take photos and whatnot and kind of get the layout of the top of the prison. You know, 'cause it was right next to a Howard Air Force base. It was right next to it. So it was totally plausible for helicopters to be flying near nearby, not right over the prison, but nearby. And we would get visual on the cupola at the top and the, and the door on the cupola and all that kind of stuff. So we had substantial amount of intel.


And would you guys, I mean I know that there are certain units that can basically build a damn near an exact mockup of the target that they're getting ready to hit. Were you guys, did you guys have that capability at that time? Yeah, We did. But we had a great tabletop layout. I think the CIA built it, I'm pretty sure they did. And I assume they still have it at the unit. It was on display. But we had a great tabletop layout, you know, model. There was a big blue spoon operation down in Florida and they built a mockup of the prison down there. They built an entire mockup. They built an entire mockup. The prison is four stories, remember?


It serves me correct. There's pictures of it online. I'd have to look. But I think the prison's four stories, they were only able to complete three stories before we did the, the rehearsal. But they had a, they had a mock-up of the prison built down on Eglin Air Force Base. And that's where we did the rehearsal out of it and we hit the prison. That was a part of the big blue spoon rehearsal. Did they, did they move muse to different cells every time the doctor would come back? No, they settled, I believe initially they, they were moving him around, but he got settled in on the, if memory serves me correct, the second floor.


We had to go down two floors to get to him. The second floor. They settled him into one spot and he was kind of in the VIP prison cell by himself. And you know, we, we'd heard he was kind of in the VIPA little bit bigger prison cell whatnot. But he was being held in, you know, we knew where he was at the doctor and he'd been there a while in that, in that cell. Wow. And the doctor, that's Actually pretty fucking surprising. Yeah. That they wouldn't move him around every single time the doctor came just to, you know, to not have you guys having an exact replica of where he is at. You know, in hindsight, I really don't think they even visualized us coming into that prison to get him.


No kidding. Yeah, I just think that, 'cause if you look at it from a layman's point of view, we're gonna break into a prison and get somebody out. It's kind of like, seriously, how the hell is gonna, that gonna happen? Well, I'm wondering the same damn thing to be honest with you. So, so you go down to Panama, you, you, you, you guys got a mock up in Florida, you wind up in Panama, you're doing flybys, you're gathering Intel. Let's talk about Muse. Who was he? He was an American good guy by the way. We're personal friends now. He's, he calls all the guys that were on the mission every, the anniversary every year. December 20th. He calls him on every single person and thanks him for their, for rescuing him.


Great guy, American civilian down there, kind of involved in the community. Very anti Noriega, kind of started an anti Noriega cell, so to speak. Cell doing what, You know, disruptive activities towards the regime. Like the most famous one was Noriega was gonna give a speech and right in the middle of the speech they cut in with anti Noriega propaganda and over the, over the radio. That's the one that's the most famous one. They did exact timeline on that, I'm not sure.


But that Kurt said that's the one that really put them on the radar screen was when they did that. You know, now General Noriega is gonna speech or speak bam. They cut in and they're giving out their propaganda against him. So he was a dependent, his wife worked as a school teacher on Howard Air Force Base. So he was a military civilian dependent. She was a, you know, mil, she was civilian, DOD civilian. And he was a dependent of her. You had mentioned earlier that you had heard that he was a CIA asset or a CIA guy.


Was was he, I, you know, he's talking to Kurt. He said the only support he got from them was real late in the game. He, he met some agency guys in Miami to get radio equipment to help his cause that's what Kurt's told us. And I have no reason to believe otherwise. I mean he's never given me a reason to that. You know, he was an agency guy and he's kind of operating undercover or whatnot. I've never gotten that from him. So I can't speak to, other than what he said is late in the game, he got some assistance from them. Well I think that pretty much paints the picture then.


I mean I don't think the CIA's just handing out equipment. Good point. Valid point. But, and so he was disrupting, he, he was basically propaganda against Noriega. Yep. How many people had he amassed? Do you have any idea? You know, I only think a handful because he's obviously stayed in touch with them. I think there was a handful of guys and he mentions how he got rolled up was basically Noriega went back to his, you know, basically bribed people, Hey give him up.


And one of the wives, if memory serves me correct, one of the whys of his guys, his network gave him up and that's how he got rolled up. Wow. Yeah. Through abroad. What were they doing to him in prison? Anything? Were they torture? No, I don't think they really did much. I think psychological warfare, but I don't think they ever did anything physical like that. I do remember, I don't know if you've ever heard of this or not, there was a coup attempt against Noriega by some Panamanian defense force officers. And they actually captured and they had Noriega under house arrest. Noriega was able to talk his way out of it.


Those officers got scarfed up. I think they were later executed. But Kurt talked about, if memory serves me correct, talked about one of the officers being strung up to the basketball goal out in the common area of the prison and being tortured. But I don't think Kurt ever went through any of that. I think he was just psychological warfare now I'm pretty confident he never was physically abused. How prepared for the mission did you feel More prepared than any other mission? I've been involved with bar none. We rehearsed it, went over it, refined it rehearsed it went over it, refined it to the nth degree.


Nth degree. Yeah we that up to, you know, of my time in the military was the gold standard in terms of preparation for a specific operation. At what point did you guys get the green light Once that lieutenant was killed and you beeper went off? I went in, I remember seeing Colonel Barwell, squadron commander. I was going in to fill up my canteens and he's going, blue spoons going down two, you know, 24 or 48 hours from Now. I was like, whoa. And I knew blue spoon going down, which it became just, cause meant we were gonna initiate model prison, you know, right before the actual invasion kicked off.


I knew that's what that meant. What Was the briefing like? Well, everybody knew what they were gonna do because we'd been rehearsing it. It was a two, actually it was more than just a two troop. It was a sniper troop as well. A one troop was on a, basically on standby to react to any of Noriega's henchmen that popped up so they could respond and you know, scarf 'em up. Never really happened by the way, but that's what they were standing by for a one troop, a two troop was involved in the assault and a three troop, the sniper troop was involved in the operation as well. And they basically provided security on top of the prison.


So this was legitimately just a two and some snipers? Yeah, a two troop and all the sniper troop. How, how many guys? 23. I say all, not all Ma Majority 23 went on the prison, went on the roof. And with Muse coming out it's 24. Shit. How, I mean how big was this prison? It's pretty good size. I mean it is pretty good size. If you research it on the internet, I'm sure you can find some pictures of it. It's pretty big. Yeah, We'll overlay it right now when we're, as we're talking On video, doing our best.


But to try to find the picks. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get 'em. But I mean how, what were you guys expecting? Well, we got word somewhere along the line that they ramped up and they expected if we were gonna try to rescue 'em, it was from the ground. So there was PDF kind of housed on the ground floor in the prison and an adjacent building. PDF Panamanian Defense Force. Defense Force. Yep. Yep. Panamanian Defense Force. They were housed down there in theory for a rescue attempt for Kurt Muse.


And they, so They were expecting this, They were expecting and anticipating it and it was a possibility and they expected us to come in on the ground floor. And so what was go time like when you got down there? Well, we knew initially it was gonna be, I wanna say 45 minutes before the invasion kicked. But it ended up being 15 minutes before the actual invasion kicked off. We got situated on the bur, I remember we were down there. I, you know, we were down there like I told you before, anybody. And then all these JSO people come in so calm people. And, and I remember, dude, the night before, I didn't sleep a wink and I'm sure nobody else did either.


Wasn't scared, was just anxious edge of my seat going over in my head over and over and over and over. My, my role, what I was gonna do, my actions just over and over and over. And I'm gonna tell you what else too. We started getting briefed by the pilots in terms of, okay, if, if the chopper goes down and we're injured and you need to shut down the rotors, this is how you do it. And I remember looking around the faces, the other guys and dude, everybody had their game face on. I mean it was, it was for real. And I remember Colonel Barwell, MV saw legend di, distinguished service Cross MV Sawg.


I'd heard Scuttlebutt. We heard scuttlebutt. He was actually put in for the medal of honor and it was downgraded to the DSC partially because he was a real rebel in, in MV. So that's what we'd heard. And I don't doubt it, but I remember him talking to us going, You know, I can see you guys. I've seen this face before. I had it when I was in Vietnam. Everything is gonna be fine. We're gonna get in there and get him. We're gonna get out. You guys are gonna be good to go. Was it a night op? Oh yeah. Zero. 0 45 hours. 15 minutes before one in the morning.


And we were out on the lined up four little birds, interestingly enough, except for one bird. We had six dudes, two birds had two pilots, three guys on each pod. Other two birds had two, one pilot and three guys on each side except for one spot for Kurt Muse. And they had skeletonized, the bird taken out everything. One pilot there were, he, I heard him talking about the other day, had one round in his pistol. He didn't even have a full magazine. Ammo. We weighed in every day. Our, our kit.


I mean I, I didn't, we didn't even have a hard plate. Yeah. On her body armor. She took the hard plate. You seen me? Yeah, I'm dead serious. Every single day we weighed in to make sure that our weight was exactly where it needed to be every day. 'cause the weight was that critical. 'cause they wanted as many bodies in there as possible in case things just totally went sideways. You wanted more bodies, more Delta operators than less. So it went down that critical. Wow. And they skeletonized the birds. I'd heard scuttle, but, and I'm pretty sure this was debunked and I don't think this actually happened. They started the bird and then took the battery out to save weight. I later heard that was bullshit.


I think that was discussed, but it wasn't actually done. Wow. Yeah. So it was Matt's It was that close in terms of weight You take off. I mean thi this is just, I mean this is your first real world op Yeah. Hostage rescue mission in Panama. That's fucking crazy man. Well, and what's interesting, I'll never forget it, guy I went through selection with, went through selection with him, went through OTC, went to a squadron with him and now we're on the mission together. We're on the pods, you know, sitting on the bench seat on the pod and he's right here and he's gonna be on the roof with a mag 58.


I actually go into prison. I'm one of the guys that go in, I was actually the first guy to go in through the prison door and I'll get to that in a minute. But he looked at me, I looked at him and he, he stuck his hand out. I shook his hand. No words were said. Nothing needed to be said. Never forgot it. I, I mean it was game time. Nothing needed to be said. I'll never forget it. And then we took off, interestingly enough, I think it's the school that Kurt Muse's wife actually taught at.


We flew over a school on Howard Air Force Base. It is a school that we did a rehearsal on. We did a rehearsal on it and one of the little birds that hit a tail rotor and a chinook had to come in before daytime. Chinook had to come in and lift it off and get it off the top of the school. And this was, you know, a few weeks before, two weeks before whatever the case may was. But it was a, a rehearsal site. And we flew right over to that school. So it was kind of like deja vu. Wow. Came in, I was one bird number two going in.


And there was birds behind us, two birds behind us. We'd gotten word that in the major intersection, right? Going down to the cia And in the prisons over here, there was a machine gun set up. There was PDF, they had to be dealt with or they were in a fire at the birds coming by. We had a sniper team that came down. They came down off a hill overlooking the, you know, the intersection guy had a bolt gun guy had a mag 58 guy, had a three dudes guy had an M 2 0 3. And the theory was they're in position, they're in Overwatch.


And as soon as they see one of the PDF do this, they're gonna light 'em up. And what I understood happened was the first two birds go over, I was in bird number two. The first two birds go over there was nobody in the intersection. 'cause I remember looking, I was on the right side. I remember looking, looking for anybody. There was nobody there. We went over, they heard the birds, then they come out and then they're gonna shoot at the, the second set of birds bird three and four. And they got lit up by the guys in the Overwatch position. Interestingly enough, never forget this Christmas lights were on the top of the prison.


It was December 20th, 1989, right before Christmas. Here's Christmas lights. I'll never forget it. Wow. And we were offset from the prison. And then the pilots did this number and then got in line and the line landed right on top of the prison and it peeled off. I got in position by the cup. I had a security position looking through the window, down the stairs, the cupola on, on top. And, and then a second, two set of birds came in. They dispersed breacher on my team. Went up to put a charge up. And in the process of of pulling the, you know, the time fuse, he knocked the charge down And it fell right in front of me about from me to you.


And I was like, what is that? I didn't even, you know what I mean? It didn't even dawn on me. It was the charge. Fortunately when he went to pull it and he didn't ignite it, he did not ignite the time fuse that, or he probably would've killed me if memory serves me. Correct. It was a C six charge, which was P for plenty brother. I mean we were not gonna take any chance of getting in that door. It was p for plenty. It probably would've killed me. 'cause I, I ended up going from being the guy looking through the window. Now I'm gonna be the number one guy, you know, going through the door. And I was down on the knee and I was like, what is that?


I couldn't believe it. And I remember my team sergeant came up, he goes, Hey man, get the backup charge ready. 'cause I had a backup charge and I go, why am I gonna get the backup charge ready? 'cause the breacher right there. Well then the breacher went back around and he said, Hey come. He basically had me come up for the cover. I covered him on the door. He put the charge back up, we initiated it and dude it was a boom. I'll never forget it. It was a boom when I was looking in the cupola window, the lights on. I thought the charge knocked out the lights and it was 'cause it was pitch black. What had actually had happened, the snipers, the support guys had hit the generator and killed the lights.


I didn't know that till later. They killed the lights in the prison. So it was pitch black. I come around doors long gone on the cupola. I step in, there's no landing, Sean the here's the door, the steps go right up to the door. There's no landing like this where you step in and then go down the steps. It goes right up the door. Like you know, out here you guys got, there's none. So I almost, by the grace of god, I don't know how I didn't trip. 'cause it's pitch black. I'm walking into it. And by the grace of God, somehow I didn't trip went down, the guys are following me and people are like, why are you number one man?


I was the most expendable guy. It's that simple. No, I was the new guy on F team. F team and G team were going in. F team secured the inside, the route inside the prison, the stairwell, the hallway, that kind stuff. G team was the ones that were gonna extract him. They're gonna be the team that gets him out. So you basically set up a corridor? Yep, we did. Went down. Basically me, I can't remember who it was, me and another guy held that first stairwell G team followed, fled, you know, went past us. Now I go down to the next stairwell. There was actually a room that we were gonna clear, well we didn't clear it 'cause it was padlocked.


We're like, okay, not really a threat. Chances are nobody's in there 'cause it's padlocked from the outside. So we didn't clear it. And I was standing there on the stairs. And then about then the C one 30 starts lighting up the commandante shit. Yeah. Yep. Specter starts lighting up the CIA and it was loud and I could see right out the window, I mean right there. I'd look right there and I could see the CIA getting lit up by the, by the specter. And because they had given us x amount of time and I don, I don't, I'm not sure how much time it was, but not long.


Maybe five minutes, maybe not, who knows. I don't even remember. It just, it was not long at all to get in, get situated and then they were gonna start lightening up calm dcio. So they started lighting it up, we're holding the stairwell. Somebody a PDF guy, a guard or whatever, poked his head around. Gary Harrell was there, he was the troop commander. He shot at him. I think he missed him. Pretty calm. And he claimed later he thought he hit him. But I, I'm pretty sure he missed him not to because the guy took off and then they came out with Muse.


They put a C four charge on his door and blew it. Blew the door wide open. There was a guard that had told Kurt if there was a rescue attempt, he was gonna kill him. 'cause Kurt I think asked him, Hey, if there's a rescue attempt for me, what are you gonna do? And he goes, I'll kill you. This guy was in the room right across from Kurt. So the priority was to get down to Kurt as soon as possible to beat this guy. You know, before this guy gets a situational awareness, figures out what's going on, goes over to Kurt Cell and kills him. You guys knew that before you went in? Yep, we knew it. Yep. Was he in the cell across Yeah he was.


He was in the room across, he was in the room across and they G team went in and killed him. Yep. He was armed with a pistol. I think the guy, I think he was in the shower if memory serves me correct, G Team found him in the shower. I think the guy went for his pistol, already had a pistol in his hand and they killed him. Yep. And they got muse out. They brought in a little, you know, kit aviator kit bag and had body armor and a helmet, you know, and body armor and a, a Kevlar helmet peeled him out. I remember seeing him go up the stairs. A couple things. We get up, we tell 'em, hey, you know PC Secure to get the extraction birds out.


The reason the book's called Six Minutes to Freedom. Because from when we touched down to when we called, you know, PC Secure called for XV was six minutes. Just not that we were, you know, it just the way it worked out. Not like we had a set time standard or anything like that. It just happened. It was six minutes from when we sit down on top. The prison to when we were ready to xFi with Kurt Muse was six minutes. Wow. We were at the very top, you know what I mean? Stairwell, I remember I was here, Kurt Muse was here and that doors here, the dude, I'll never forget this as long as I live, it got quiet for a minute Now.


I don't know how long I could C one 30 maybe was, you know, taking a loop around, didn't have a, you know, clear field of fire or whatever. Got quiet and you could hear the prisoners screaming. And when you hear somebody screaming who honest to God thinks they're gonna die is a, it's a sound you'll never forget. Now I'll never forget it. It's nothing like you seen a movie or any of that other bullshit. These people were convinced they were gonna die and they're trapped in these prison cells. And I'll never forget that sound. Damn. Yep. So we go up Bird's land, I was on bird two, they get muse on Bird one.


They put him in, you know, inside the bird. He's not on the pods. They put him inside the bird and then they out they G team who rescued him and then they're exfil with him. I remember I got on the pod, I was like high fiving, I didn't even bother to hook up but my, the combo guy hooked me up, thank God. But I'm high fiving. I go, we got him, you know, yada yada yada. Well the bird lifts up and Bird one kind of does this number over the prison wall and goes into the blackness. I mean it's pitch dark. You can't see him go. There was a cemetery right beside us.


We lift up, we go over and I see muzzle flash dude shooting at us and I'm, I didn't get a beat on him but I put some rounds down at at him to get him. And then mud flash stopped and I don't, I'm pretty confident I did not hit the guy, but I at least got him to duck. So he's no longer shooting at our bird. Yeah, We lose track of Bird one. We go back to Howard Air Force Base, we land. I'm like awesome. Bird one went down. Bird one with Kurt Muse went down. What happened was they were serious. They had two pilots. They had six dudes with Kurt, Kurt Muse.


They were seriously overloaded and the pilot tried to gain speed and kick back up. But he, there was power lines. So he's worried about hitting the power lines. So he sets down on a road, a street right on the other side of the cemetery. Well four guys from G team jump off and get out and they're pulling security. The pilot like waves him back, come on 'cause he's gonna go down. He's essentially going down the street to gain, you know, air speeded. And then he's gonna lift off when they get back on three of the four guys don't hook back up.


So that becomes critical here in a minute. Anyway, they go down, he takes a left on this street and he starts to lift up and they bird gets hit crashes. One guy, three of the guys all fell off. One guy was still, the team leader was still, he was hooked in. So he was good to go. And Muse who's in the back is good to go. And there was a guy from my team, my two IC assistant team leader was basically with him escorting him. He was fine too. Bird goes down, breaks the right strut off. The right strut had landed on one of the guys who fell off, had landed on his foot, he lost his big toe, I wanna say on his right foot and lost his big toe and never he stayed in the unit.


But you can imagine when you lose a big toe, dude, you're never the same. Two of the other guys on the other side got shot. One guy got shot in the leg, one guy got shot at the very bottom of the body armor, they got hit. Bird goes down, tilts to the side. The pilots are doing their best to, to stop the rotors because the rotor's still going. Muse gets out. My team assistant team leader who's escorting Muse gets out with him. He didn't duck down far enough, my assistant team leader, he gets clipped upside the head as ProTech with the rotor. Knocks him out. I mean he goes down, knocks him out, he wakes up, hears Muse laying down prone.


And he, you know, he immediately freaks out Muse Muse. He thinks Muse is dead. He wasn't. What happened was Muse sees him go down. So he mimics him, he's, oh man, he must have gotten shot. I'm gonna get down prone. So he, they both get outta there they go and they kind of hunker around the station wagon. If memory serves me correct, there was a station wagon. They hunker around, team leader huns him around, gets the wounded guys over there. Muse is there. My assistant team leader who's, you know, got clipped upside the head whose bell is rung, they, you know, they kind of hole up around this vehicle. They, some Panamanians are coming out.


Mus tells him Spanish, he speaks magnificent Spanish to get the fuck outta there. Team leaders on the radio telling 'em what happened. Elden Barwell squadron commander is still on top of the prison. What had happened was one of the guys on bird three or four did not get on the bird. Not sure who it was, but he didn't get on the bird. So he missed the exfil. He was left behind. Eldon Barwell sees this, he jumps off, grabs a machine gunner with him, guy armed with an M 60 and they set up on top and, and El Barwell is on the, you know, on the horn.


He's on the radio dictating what's going on. Well he hears Eldon Barwell hears the team leader call. Hey you know, bird one's down. So once again, remember how he told you we rehearsed this thing to the nth degree. We had ground forces coming in basically in APCs that were rolling in and we're gonna basically swarm the area. And sure enough they rolled in, we had Delta medics and a PC and they rolled up to the guys, peeled 'em in Delta medics started working on 'em on the spot and we took 'em up to xFi to get Exfil to cvac station on Howard Air Force base.


Damn. Yep. We had all that wired for sound in case what a bird goes down, we have to xFi, birds can't come in to get us out. We gotta xFi off the side of the prison via fast rope. How are we gonna do that? So we had this whole X fill procedure down and work like a champ contingency program, contingency plan. I remember hearing later the, because it was conventional forces that were doing this, the a PC guys, right? I mean it wasn't us operating it, it was the A. So we got it. They got attached to us and I remember hearing some of 'em go, oh, I mean one guy goes, dude, I knew it wasn't gonna be good.


When I saw these guys show up in Protex and black body armor. I knew this wasn't gonna be good. Yeah, he showed up in black body armor and protex and man I goes, ah, I just knew this wasn't be gonna be good. But yeah, they, you know, moved in. Good thing they did. 'cause a good friend of mine was shot in the leg. Really good guy. Probably would've bled to death almost certainly if he hadn't gotten medical treatment that quick. Damn. Yeah, he probably would've bled to death. But they were on him in no time. Scarfed him up in the APCs and took off.


And then Blackhawk came in and got Elden Barwell machine gunner, another guy outta there. It took a lot of fire. And then what happened was, if your bird was outta action, you were outta action for the operator for the, the entire mission. Just cause you were done. So that bird went back, it hovered over the prison. It took fire from the Commandante area, it took hits. And when it, by the time he got back to Howard Air Force Base, the bird was done. That was it. Deadline for the rest of the mission. So that pilot and that bird was out of the fight after that.


How did Kurt Get back? Kurt went in, landed basically with the APCs. 'cause they lifted off. What happened was the APCs went up to this top of this hill adjacent to where those guy, remember the dudes, I told you, the Overwatch team, they came down from that hill. They went up to the top of that, got on Blackhawk, and then they took off and went back to Howard Air Force Base before he left Howard Air Force Base going back to the United States. He asked to go see the guys that were wounded and the Kazak Hospital. And he did. He went in and said, hi, Thank you for rescuing me. You know, saving my life.


That whole thing. And then he went on a bird and he was back to the States. In no time Did you meet Him? No, not then. No. I didn't, didn't meet him till actually, quite a bit later when he came to a squadron, came to the unit and a squadron and briefed his side of the, you know, of the mission leading up to it. All that, What did he have to say? Well, he kinda laid out, very articulate guy, very articulate, well-spoken. He kinda laid out everything that happened from his point of view, you know, how it led up to it, how he got captured, you know, his time in the prison, his perspective for the rescue, that whole nine yards.


He laid out all that stuff from his point of view, his, his timeline and his, his perspective on how the whole thing went down. What was That like to meet him? It was pretty cool. I, we all dug it. We had, you know, I was telling Scott about this on the way up here. We had a picture, the damn guy who took a, the photo, the whole thing was out of focus. All the guys that were on the mission got a picture with an a squadron classroom, got a picture with Muse. The whole goddamn thing was out of focus. Everything was blurry. And instead of taking multiple, you know what, it was one of those. Got it. Yeah. Instead of taking multiple pictures.


I mean, it's like, come on dude. So it was useless. The picture was useless. But yeah, it was pretty cool meeting him. I'll bet. Getting him outta there. So that was the only thing that's trumped me making selection was rescuing him out of, in model prison. I mean, what was it like with the team after that mission? Very tight, tight knit. The guy who got hit in the head, my two ic, never really recovered. He had the injuries. I mean, he was basically never really recovered from that.


He had major headaches, that kind of stuff. Bad thing is about six months later, we were down in Panama doing Jungle Train. And we got on, we were about ready to do an impromptu mission on a suspected drug site. You know, basically, you know, jungle drug operation. And Elden Barge will kind of set it up. It was an impromptu mission and we were gonna go hit it. We lift off in the Blackhawk, all of a sudden we hear these pop, pop, pop all, almost like the bird had been shot. It wasn't, it was one of the engines that went out. So we start crashing down in the jungle, right?


He's sitting on an ammo box. Him and a couple other guys are sitting on an ammo box and the bird comes down and hits and it, it compacts his spine. And he basically never walked again. Same guy who got clipped in the head. My two IC never walked again. He was wheelchair bound after that. Damn. Yeah. Bird come. I was on the bird. Just so happened. I was sitting by a guy, we were looking to the Ford, looking through the, the windshield of the bird. And the pilots were doing this stuff to try to keep the bird under control, coming down through the jungle and laid my first of three Helo crashes.


And he laid back like this and I just so happened to lay back. So when we hit, Amai was laying flat against the, against the floor of the bird like that. The only thing I was looking forward and my head bounced off the floor, knocked me out temporarily. Shit. My teammate who was beside me, he remained conscious. There was a fire, the bird had caught on fire. Everybody else was knocked out outta action. He got up, got a fire extinguisher and put the fire out. Basically saved everybody's life. Never got a single word for that. Never got a single.


He should have got a soldier's medal for that. Never got shit. Damn. And Dale is real bad about that. And I'm sure they are to this day. The old analogy that, I think it was Schumacher East Commander General Colonel Schumacher said, firemen don't get awards for going to fires. That was his quote. You signed up for this organization. You are expected to do these things and when you do those things, you're not gonna get awards for it. We got bronze stars. The guys on the mission all got bronze stars with V device. The exception of the team leader that rallied the guy, his team around the, with Muse, he got a silver star.


Meldon Barwell told us when we were in, now we were in a classroom or whatever. He goes, if this had been Vietnam in Vietnam, you guys would've all gotten silver stars, which means that team leader would've got DSC. If this had been Vietnam, you all would've got silver stars. And I remember at the time going, and sure enough, he at looking at it back on hindsight, he's right. That's exactly what would've happened. Wow. But yeah, they, that guy who put the fire out didn't get anything, nothing. Didn't get a soldier's medal. Didn't, you know, barely got a Thank you. It's like for real. Damn. And the units was real bad about that.


And I'm sure they still are. Like, you know, that pain got the metal water outta the unit. I'm gonna tell you what, for that guy to get the metal water and still be alive outta Delta Force, I can only imagine what that guy had to do to get that award. I mean, we're talking about superhuman shit outta that organization to get the medal honor. 'cause the other two guys that ever got it went in Somalia, Randy Shugart and Gary Gordon. What they did, of course cost him their lives. But what they did was so far above and beyond in order to get that medal. It wasn't even close. It was a, I remember General Downing came over and he goes, you guys need to put it, put those guys in for the medal honor.


Wow. In Somalia. So for him to get the medal, I've never met Payne. Love to meet him. But for him to get to Medal Honor and be alive outta Delta Force, dude, he probably earned it three or four times over. And the unit, like I told you, the unit's been real bad about that. Really bad. When I was in really bad.


When your metabolism is working properly, you can feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. Lumen is one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device that can help measure your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen and it will tell you what it sees going on with your metabolism and give you a personalized nutrition plan for that day. I check mine before and after meals and I love understanding how my body responds in real time. Your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does in optimal metabolic wellness. Translate to benefits like easier weight management, improved energy levels, and more. The warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/srs to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/srs for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


What was it like when you guys got back to the states? Belden Barwell had a talk with us, you know, and he, this the guy, MV saw legend. And we all just, and I remember I said something the other day, I'm glad Eldon Barwell was on that roof. There was one other officer, Gary, Gary Harrell was there. He was the troop commander. Eldon Barwell was there. I'm glad he was there. 'cause of his experience. The guy had seen, I mean Zach Mve saw legend. He had a big talk with us and he said, look, I want you guys to understand something. You're coming back here. You're gonna go home. You're gonna be with your family, your wives.


You guys have done something. This is how Isaac it, it's as high as it gets. You need to understand they have it. So you have to come in and adapt to them. They don't need to adapt to you what you've done for your country. They, you know, your country can't ask for more. But you need to understand they haven't done that. They haven't been through what you've been through. And you need to, you need to go home and adapt to that. They don't need to adapt to you. You need to adapt to them. Remember he had that talk with us. I always hung on every word he'd ever say.


I mean, literally he would get us together and talk to us in the squadron classroom about whatever it might be. And I would, I would pay attention to every single word that guy said. Like I told you, he's the guy before the mission that said, I'm looking at you guys. I, I recognize, you know, everything's gonna be okay. You guys are gonna be fine. We're gonna get him outta there. Some of your any, I remember him saying, some of your buddies may get hurt, but they're gonna be okay. Man, That's pretty fucking incredible man. Six minutes. Six minutes. Yeah. From when we landed to call xFi.


Wow. In a prison. In a prison. Yep. There's a lot of people along the way. Like that doctor that contributed stuff that it's hard to measure how important that was, that intel that that doctor gave us. Yeah. It's hard to measure that because we had this, okay, if he's not in that cell, where's he at? We gotta start searching the prison for this guy for, so for him to go in there and give us that solid intel, you know, in intelligence when, where he is at, what status is, you know, what kind of mental, you know, where kind of mind frame he is at physically, what's he like?


That kind of stuff was in, you know, was off the chart. We talked to him too. He came back to the unit one time and briefed us. Damn man. That's impressive. Yeah dude. I'll never forget it. I can tell. Yeah, I get pretty choked up over it. As you can tell, it's kind of hard to fight back the, you know, the emotions. 'cause there's a few things along there that really bring 'em out. That's just crazy too. You know, the apex of your career right off the Bat. Oh, I know dude. You know, a little over a year after, you know, finishing selection and finished it October of, you know, 88, 6 months.


Eight, well six months o six months selection. 88. October of 88. And then to follow, you know, fast forward a year, two months, December 20th, 89. Damn. Six months right. Now here's the thing, remember I told you it was become critical. Thank God I went to selection that fall because if I waited the spring, I'd have missed the whole thing. Think about that. Remember I told you how that became critical. That's why because I, you know, I initially, my head was, I'll wait a year and then I just said, no, no, no, I'm gonna go in the fall. I'm gonna do it. Damn. Damn. And everything just fell into place.


Where do you go from there? Well we went and hunting scuds in Iraq. I mean, which in itself was awesome but never to the point of model prison. How were you guys doing that? Well, once again, Elden Barwell saw how things were schooling up in Kuwait. 'cause that developed over a a period of time. He had the, the foresight to go, you know, we need to be doing Desert Mobility operations. You know, we need to be doing that. So we went on training. God, where did we go? Was it Yuma?


No, I think it was 29 Palms. Went to 29 Palms and did Desert Mobility operations training up just in case there. We had no mission set. We had no, this is what you're getting ready for. He just said he had the foresight to go, you know what, we may get in a situation with what's going on over there. We may need to do Desert Mobility operations to operate behind enemy lines. We need to go train on this. And we went out, had a major exercise training, you know, basically sorting out a lot of bugs. Shaking a lot of bugs out, you know, getting things sorted out. So we knew what the hell we were doing. 'cause we'd done some of nothing like what we needed to be in order to go over and execute in a combat zone.


So we went out, shook over and went to 29 Palms. If memory serves me correct, that's where we went. And I could be wrong on that, but regardless, we went into a area out west and worked on Desert Mobility. He had the foresight do that. He was the only squadron commander that did B Squadron and Sea Squadron didn't see that coming. Schwartzkoff, who ended of course being in charge of the Coalition for Desert Storm. Very anti special ops. Did you know that? I didn't. Yeah. Very anti, based on his experience in Vietnam kind ofs as Cowboys did, was not a fan of sf.


What flipped the script for him was we had the Delta operators were his VIP protection detail. Now he had a A IC, he had a, who was an Air Force like officer. But all the guys in, in the detail, other than that were all Delta Force operators. And he was so impressed with them and their professionalism that that left an impression on him in terms of what Delta was all about. Then that was one piece of the puzzle. The last piece of the puzzle is when the Iraqis started launching Scuds in Israel and the Israelis were, and I've been told this and I was, this has been confirmed.


I asked some people about this and he said, yeah, this is absolutely what happened. The Israelis were on the airfields ready to launch into Iraq, which would would've blown the coalition to pieces. And they said, you guys can stand down. We have our best people going in there to deal with these scuds. And they said, who's that? And they go, Delta Force. And they said, and the Israeli stood down. I I'd heard that and I went, Hmm. And I asked some people in the Department of Defense, you know, up the food chain, said, oh yeah, that's absolutely 100% what happened. So combine our preparation vis-a-vis barge well saying we need to get ready for desert mobility.


Schwartz Coff's impression of Delta based on, you know, the VIP protection he had. And then the decision from the command authority and the National Command Authority to send in Delta to hunt for these scuds that all lined up. And a squadron was back in the, you know, back in the lead again. How were you guys hunting? SCOs went in, got there in a, in Saudi Arabia, way up close to the border or way really close to the border. Got our ducks in a row. Went in via helicopter way deep into Iraq up by the MSR main supply route.


And the theory was they were bringing these scuds down, the MSR, they would branch off the MSR set up and then launch into Israel. So what we did, we went up there, find some places to hide, which was a bitch. 'cause most of the train up there is as flat as a pool table. So we went up, laid down, laid low during the day. And when we go down, you know, we would pulls down south of the MSR lay low down in some, you know, gullies and whatnot. And then when it turned dark, we would go back up to the MSR drop off sniper teams.


We'd withdraw back a little piece just before sunlight. We'd go back up, get the sniper teams and come back down to our hide positions. And we did that night, after night after night. Did you get any scs? Yeah, we did. No shit at the very end. At the very end. There's a lot of intel after the fact that some of the scuds we saw were actually decoys. But at the very end, towards the, you know, at the end of our, which we were out there 19 days, the, the group, they were out there for 19 days. 19 days doing it. Yeah. Where before the ground invasion ever happened. We were up there for days before the ground invasion swept in towards the very end, we got in a position where we're moving up the MSR, we saw these vehicles kind of coming towards our position at an angle.


We stopped, kind of set ourselves up, did one of these numbers, got on Binos and whatnot. And we go, Hmm, this is some Iraqis, we think this is, these guys are coming in with scuds getting ready to set up. Sure enough, they were got on the horn to the Air Force. They started bringing in F sixteens the whole nine yards and started hammering their ass. And they were, they were there for hours, hammering them hours. And finally we went, we need to get outta here because we just stirred up a hornet's nest. We need to split. So we took off, went back down our, into our hide spot.


We were hoping to get a A, B, D, A bomb damage assessment. So we'd go back up and see the debris and what happened when we never got it. 'cause the war basically came to an end. Wow. Yep. So that happened right at the very end of our time there. And then the war ended and we basically, everything was on a freeze and we were just waiting to get exfil. Damn. How long was that after Panama? Oh man, it was 91. So 90 89. So a year and a half ish. I'd have to look at the dates, but I'm gonna say a year and a half. Maybe not quite two years.


What are you doing in the interim? Training? Yeah, training. I remember I went to Philippines for a little bit. Did some VIP protection stuff over there, training and whatnot. Doing normal cycle, you know what I mean? Yeah. The training cycle in the unit type of thing. What happens after Iraq Come back, normal training cycle. And then the next thing was Somalia in 93. Fast forward couple years, big event. What's that big Event? Oh yeah. Well we had gotten this mission to go over there and hump for a deeds in his henchmen like Sea Squadron know We did.


And we got it and we, it was going to be a troop mission I think. And We, we had a ship bird commander in a squadron, I don't wanna mention his name, but he was a shit bird. And he gave away the mission to Sea Squadron. And it, for whatever reason, God only knows why he gave away the mission to Sea Squadron. And I think his theory was what's a troop mission? Now if it bumps up to a squadron level mission, we'll get it back. Obviously he was off his meds because like that's ever gonna happen.


Well sure enough, C Squadron gets it. They start rehearsing and they go, wait a minute, that TROs not big enough for this. What the hell? And they bump it up to a squadron size mission and end up deploying over to Somalia. I remember people were pretty butt hurt over that. And I go, let me explain something to you that was actually fortunate. They go, what do you mean? I go, just think about October 3rd with our leadership and how bad that would've went. And they went, oh yeah, you're right. I go c squadron's leadership at the time, much more dialed in, much more squared away than we were at the upper.


Now I'm not talking about, you know, you know, troop level, team level. I know what you're talking about. You know what I mean? Just the leadership. Yeah. We're talking about this leadership up here. We had losers And I just said, you know, we, it would've been much worse. So did you get over there after that had Happened? Yeah, we went over after that to reinforce Shit, man. Yeah, we went over after to reinforce. We got there two, three days later. It wasn't long when October 3rd went down, we got spun up and went over, I mean, quick. And we were there just, it was just a few days later.


Yeah, we rolled in to reinforce, got a debrief on what happened, you know, on the third, the whole nine yards. We were there actually for Yeah, the, the, the ceremony of the, of the guys who were killed. We Had, did you know those men? Yeah, I knew all the unit guys. Knew 'em all. Didn't know the Rangers or the task force. One 60 guys didn't know them, but I knew all the unit guys. Absolutely. A hundred percent. How was that? I mean, It was pretty spooky. Yeah, it was pretty somber. It was real somber actually.


Yeah, it was real somber. 'cause it was, it was a, a pretty horrific event. Yeah. And there's, I know you talked to Tom and whatnot, there's layers upon layers upon layers upon layers of stories that go on with that mission. I, In terms of heroism that probably should have got the medal water guys who honestly should have performed better. Not really in the unit, but in the ranger side. You may have heard some of that. I don't know. There's a lot of nuances to that, to what happened that day.


A lot of nuances. What's happened over time is some of that's been forgotten. But when I was there, it was all fresh and I got it from the guys who were on the ground and they gave me a lot of information of stuff that went right and went wrong. A lot of lessons learned, found out that they were basically running those helos doing, they were running them as if they were doing 'em in low light at night. But instead of looking at it from, Hey, wait a minute, we're up here in daylight. They can easily see where we're at and what we're doing.


We need, we need to, we need to change our tactics in terms of the helo operations to better reflect what's happening during the day. But they were doing it like as if it was a night. Damn. There was a lot of lessons learned outta that. It was a pretty, I wouldn't say pretty, it was a very horrific event. Yeah. I did a very extensive interview with Tom Satterley. Yeah. Who's a really good friend of mine now. And like his account was just Yep. I mean, just fucking insane. Yeah, I mean I, I mean, you know the deal.


I mean, you talked to Tom at length about it. I mean it was, it was horrific and it's, it's hard to really grasp the magnitude or the level of what actually happened at that time and the impact it had when not only the unit but the Ranger battalion. And I mean, it was really kind of hard to, at this point, 'cause we're so far down the road now, you know, and we, decades now down the road during that time it was, you know, it really made the organization, I, I'm assuming the same with the Rangers, but certainly Delta really had to take a hard look in the mirror at what we're doing right.


And what we're doing wrong. Stuff as simple as why are we wearing ProTech helmets? Why are we not wearing, you know, Kevlar helmets? Why are we not wearing helmets or that are protected? There was a guy in C Squadron was killed off of ricochet. I don't know if you knew that or not. I didn't. Yeah. He was killed off of ricochet off the wall, off of, you know, they're moving down the street. And sure enough he, he got killed and went right through his pro protect. If he'd have been wearing, you know, a Kevlar helmet or something protective probably would've saved his life. Damn. Run around with black body armor. What's that all about? You're in desert fatigues with black body armor on.


So the unit had to take a real hard look in the mirror and there was some real serious lessons learned outta that. Some real PTSD outta that. Yeah. You, you know what I'm talking about. Yeah. I mean some major PTSD. Yeah. Pretty. That was a horrific event. Very horrific. And then I told you I got over there just in time to talk to a real good friend of mine who kind of gave me his data dump of what happened. And then I, I say, Hey, I'll see you tomorrow. I never saw him again. He was killed that night. How was he killed? More that mortar around? Landed right behind him. He was outside the hangar.


And I remember hearing him boom and Because We were in a separate hangar, you know, very close, but you know, separate a squadron. And then C Squadron and the Rangers were still in this primary hangar where they'd been. And he was outside talking to guys and then more around just laying right behind them. And they'd been launching mortar rounds throughout the time they were there. But they'd always landed down by the beach way over 'em. They'd never really be able to vic vector it in. Where, where they'd hit in and around the hangers till that night and around, landed right behind him and whole, like all the guys, as far as I know, all the guys he was talking to all got, you know, seriously injured.


Like seriously injured. But they all survived and he was killed immediately. And This was a good friend of Yours? Oh yeah. A really good friend of mine. Really good friend of mine. Is That the first friend you lost? No, six months prior to that. Our mutual friend, we used to shoot competition together, pistol competition. Me, him and another guy, our mutual friend six months prior got killed in a parachute accident. Damn. And then six months later, fast forward and my other buddy's killed. And I'd never gotten over that.


How do you deal with loss? Just, you know, internalize it, Compartmentalize It. Compartmentalize it. And sometimes it just really comes to the surface. You just saw a few minutes ago when the model prison talk. Yeah. It's just hard to keep it suppressed. But yeah, that was a, I'll never forget that year, 1993, I'll never forget it. Lost two of my good friends in a manner of six, six months span. Never forget it, you know? And I wish I'd have been there on October 3rd to help those guys out. There's no doubt we'd have made a difference with, with C Squadron.


No doubt. 'cause here's what happened. We got over there and we said there was a lesson learned having rangers out on outer perimeter on the roadblocks. And, and you know, I don't want to rain on the Rangers too much. That's a time for, and somebody else to talk, you know, somebody else for you to interview. But as soon as we landed c squadron's, like, okay Rangers, you guys are out, A squadron's gonna be on the outer perimeter. The what you guys were doing in, in terms of security now a squadron's doing, is that like as soon as we hit the ground, that was decided.


And then, because at that point it was all about getting Mike Durant who was being held, you know, hostage by the Somalis. It was all about getting him. And we were, dude, you wanna talk about ready to, ready to hammer people? We would fly over at night and we were begging, begging for somebody to shoot at us. 'cause we'd have come down on them like the pouring rain. I can imagine. Oh man, dude, you want to talk about Out for blood? And I, I've heard scuttlebutt, it was the ambassador or the, the assistant ambassador or whatever, went and talked to a deed's people about Mike Duran.


And they ended up giving him up as you know. And they, they let him go. But he, I think he told him, he said, you think October 3rd was bad? 'cause as small he got hammered. I mean they lost a lot of people. They Sea Squadron and Rangers and Task Force one 60. They dude, they went through them. I mean they hammered 'em big time. I've heard 45 to one kill ratio. Wow. That's, that's what I've heard. For every 45 to one. 45 to one. That's what I heard. 'cause it's interesting. Sad but interesting. Delta, including my buddy who was killed, including him, Delta lost six operators.


Rangers lost six rangers. Task Force one 60, lost six guys. Six, six and six were killed. Geez. Over there. But I wanna say it was either the ambassador or the assistant ambassador was negotiating with the deeds people and said, you need to give him up because the next time they come in here, it's gonna make October 3rd look like a walk in the park. 'cause it would've been, I mean it would've been brutal. Yeah. 'cause there we were out for blood and sure enough they gave him up. I remember them. I remember seeing him carry him onto to the bird.


I remember that we were lined up and they had carry him on a stretcher onto the bird for him to get exfil back to the States. Where did you go after Somalia? Back home. I'm trying to remember what I did. I went over and did a stint as an OTC instructor. And I think it wasn't that long after. Pretty sure. Well I take that back now. Bosnia. Yeah, Bosnia. That's where I went. What were You guys doing over there? VIP protection. Commander of S four. Commander of S four. Who was Zeki, I don't know if you knew who that is or not. General Chini, Vietnam Vet, kind of an Asian guy.


Lost part of his foot from a mine in Vietnam. We liked him. We got along with the guy great. We really liked working for him. He was a really, really good guy to work for. Fast forward, he was hooked in with the Democrats. I remember Joe Biden, when he was still a senator, came over and had a sit down and went out to dinner with Zeki. 'cause from what I understand, Shinseki's daughter, and I could be off base on this, but Shinseki's daughter was an intern in his office. So he was tight with the Democrats. Fast forward, Obama gets an office, Biden's his vp, they put Zeki in charge of the va.


Then all that shit comes out where, you know, soldiers and whatnot are not getting treated the way they should. And Zeki gets shown the door. And I remember, you know, people asking me about it. I said, you know what, we love working for the guy. But he, he was ass clown for hooking up with the Democrats. And I haven't heard anything from him since. But he was a great guy to work for. We really liked him. But yeah, we went over and did VIP protection for 90 days Now I did. And it was, we rotated, you know what I mean? Other guys from the unit did it. But I went over, my team went over, we had two or three teams doing it.


But we did VIP protection for Zeki. Where were Your other Hilo crashes? Alright, so the first one was Panama. That six months after, just cause that was the worst. Second one was we were doing desert mobility training and we were in a aircraft Air Force Helo before they did away with 'em. Air Force, I wanna say shortly after that, just completely got outta the helo business, thank God. But we were in the back, we had our vehicle pens goer in the back of the bird and it was, you know, tied down. The crew chiefs had tied it down. And we did a landing in the desert.


And for whatever reason for the life of me, I don't know why the guy did it. The pilots did a rolling landing in the desert instead of just sitting it down and stopping dropping the, you know, the ramp and letting us get outta there. They sat down and they were doing a rolling landing. Well sure enough, I mean it's a desert bro. It hits a gully or hits a, you know, and pulls it jams the nose wheel right back up in the bird. So now all of a sudden everybody gets jerked to the front. Thank God nobody was standing behind the pens goer our vehicle because it got slammed up against the bulkhead because the crew chiefs had strapped it down wrong.


They'd strapped it down where, you know, it would, it was limited to go that way, but not that way. And it smacked right up against the bulkhead. If somebody, we were all sitting down, thank God if somebody would've happened to have been standing behind it, they'd have been crushed. Damn. And that wouldn't, it was a crash, but it really wasn't. I mean it technically checks the block for a crash, you know. But the first one and the third one could have been fatal like that third one Task force one 60 is down and we're training on Fort Bragg. Little Birds Blackhawks a squadron.


We're hitting the mount site on Bragg. I think we hit a site out somewhere else. And we had a following mission to the Mount site on Fort Bragg, which me and everybody in a squadron knew like the back of our hands. I could probably drive schematic to this day. I mean, we just knew it by the back of our hands. Some of the TF one 60 pilots didn't know it as well as us. So I was on a little bird. We're coming down kind of, let's say the east side of the mouse site. Right? We're coming down to land. Right.


Well we were actually supposed to come in and take a left down the street and sit down. Well the bird, I was the one overshot the street. Well, instead of just sitting down, he starts to peel off like this right underneath Blackhawks. They're coming down. Right. And I, and I knew it and I was the right front on the pod four man team. I was the right front on the pod and the bird's doing this. So I'm the closest to the ground. I knew immediately what was going on. As soon as he started to do that, I knew, I knew where we were at on the mount site.


I knew where we were supposed to be and I knew where the, the black cocks were gonna be landing. And as soon as he did that, I immediately right up there and I saw that bird coming down and I was like, and it, it's one of those things that happens. I mean, what are you gonna do? Yeah. And the rotor wash hits us. If he'd have kept that attitude, we'd went right in the ground and I was, I would've, I would've, I was right in the front of the bird. I would've been the first thing that hit the ground without question would've been fatal without question. To his credit, he leveled the bird out and we plowed into the ground flat.


He, that rotor wash kicked us down. I talked to those guys later. They saw us doing that and they were like, whoa. And that bird kicked up. The black hawk kicked up, rotor wash kicked us down. And to his credit, he, he flattened out and we hit the, we hit the ground or the sand. 'cause it's real sandy area right outside the mount site. And we hit the sand flat Shit. Yeah. And when we got off, the pods were level with the ground. The bench seats that we were sitting on were level with the ground. The struts were completely buried in the ground.


Damn. And I remember by that time it was my third crash and I was kind of like, for real, don't fly with Larry Vickers. Oh yeah. And it became a joke in the unit. Dude became a joke. And I remember a guy was my behind me, I can't remember who it was. And I was a team leader was behind me. And he started to get up and I stopped him because the rotors were still going. I said, you know, I stopped him. I pulled him down and stopped him from getting up till the rotors stopped. And we got up, got on the other side, the other guys were fine, shook up. I said, let's go, let's go to the target building. And I remember one of the guys said later, dude, he goes, I was done.


I was admin. I didn't want to do, I go, no dude, we're going to the Target building. We came in and you got in late that, that damn building was cleared and all that shit. And they, they, they didn't know where we went. They lost track. They were like, You know, where's G team at? And we show up and I said, yeah, we went down, we crashed. They were like, whoa. And then we came back to the, the compound and went back in the, a squadron classroom. And then the pilots all came in and we just had a big hot wash on what happened. So the first one, by the grace of God wasn't fatal. And the third one, by the grace of God wasn't fatal very easily.


Both of 'em could have been fatal. Yeah. Just like that. No kidding Man. So then you go to OTC. Yeah. OTC instructor. How was that for you? I loved it because the analogy I had made is maybe not a good analogy, but it was kind of like being a made man. If you are at a standard that they want you to go train the new guys coming in an organization that is, that's like you're a made man. That's, I I, to me that was a big deal. And Im sure all the guys who ever did it would agree. Tom, anybody who's ever been an OTC instructor would agree.


I mean, you're in Delta Force. You have established yourself of such a caliber and such a performer. They want you to go train the new guys coming in outta selection. That I really, that to me was a big deal. I, you know, really, really high on that. I wore that as a badge of honor. I mean, how would you treat 'em? Oh, you know, going Through the, the students? Yeah. Or the candid. Totally professional. Totally professional. I wasn't a dickhead to him, but I didn't cut him any slack either. A hundred percent professional all the time.


All the time. I wasn't a Nazi or anything, but I didn't cut 'em any slack. 'cause I knew firsthand what was needed in that squadron. Yeah. When they go across the hall, I knew firsthand what was needed, what we needed outta these guys. So if it, they weren't cutting the mustard or they didn't have the right attitude or whatever. I mean, I, I didn't cut any slack, but at the same time, I wasn't a dickhead to 'em either. What's The instructor student ratio? Well, it varies 'cause of the OTC class. Remember the one class we had nine, we probably had a dozen instructors. So we had more than one instructor per student.


You know what I mean? Yeah. It really varies depending on the OTC class that comes outta selection. Gotcha, gotcha. Is this where you wrap up your career? Well, I went back to a squadron's team leader. Nothing super eventful. I end up What the problem is for me, what ended up happening was all these injuries, all that stuff really added up. And it took a major physical toll on me by the time I became a troop sergeant.


'cause I was a team leader twice after coming outta ot, before I went to OTC as a team leader, as an instructor. And I come back after being an OTC instructor. I was a team leader. And then I'm coming up to be a troop sergeant, a one troop sergeant. And I was a one troop sergeant for a little while. Physically though, I, I just couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. I wasn't, I I knew I wasn't cutting it. I just couldn't do it because of the toll that all this stuff had taken on me. Turns out had two bone spurs in my lower back pushing on my spinal cord. And we finally got to, and I just knew, I I, I didn't, I knew I wasn't right.


And we finally got to the point where we're gonna be doing some stuff with the SAS and we're gonna have to go up Caving ladders. You got it. Caving ladder. And I knew I wouldn't be able to do it. I knew it. And that's when I went to the chain of command squadron. Chain of command. I said, I I gotta, I'm gonna have to step down. Damn. I'll put, that was fucking hard. Oh dude. It sucked. It sucked. 'cause the sky was the limit for me in that organization. I could have eventually been CSM for sure. No question about it. Been a squadron SART major. No question. No question. I That would've happened without question. I bet you got a ton of respect over there too.


Oh yeah. I, yeah. I, that was a tough, real tough call. What did they say? They said, we understand. I said, I just can't, I know I'm not right. I know I'm not right. I just, no. And I, I said I, I can't in good conscience stay in this position as a troop sergeant major knowing I can't do the job physically, I can't do it. So I, I did it normally it's a two year stint. I did it for a year and then I stepped down. I stepped down. Is that when you retired? No, I went up to weapons RD which is where the HK four 16 story comes about.


Perfect. Let's take a quick break and then we'll get into that.


I'd like to invite you to gain access to an exclusive experience on Vigilance Elite Patreon. Our patrons are the driving force behind the success of this show. And their support allows us to keep doing what we do. Depending on the tier you choose, you'll get access to benefits like behind the scenes footage before each interview, early access to episodes, end of the month live. Zoom calls with me, exclusive merch and more. Join us and become a patron, starting at just $5 a month by visiting patreon.com/vigilance elite. That's patreon.com/vigilance Elite.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. Alright, Larry, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to get into the four 16, but I just reviewed my notes real quick and I just saw a little blurb that says Naked in a hotel. Oh yeah, what the hell is this? Okay, so this is when at the very end of my career, I did my time up in r and d weapons, r and d four 16.


We'll get to that. Well, I ended up going back down to OTC to be another OTC instructor. Actually for my second time, this is a, I wanna say when me and Tom were instructors together, and this is right at the end before I get outta the army, and we're up at Quantico using the F-B-I-F-B-I-H-R-T shoot house because our shoot house, this is OTC students, we're up there with our shoot house is down for maintenance. They're rebuilding it. So we go up there, well, I'm gonna go back before the, the rest of the cadery and the students head back. I'm gonna go back to start out processing, you know, I mean, I'm putting in my paperwork, all that jazz.


So I get up, we have our hotel room. Each one of us has our room to ourselves. The instructors, I'm pretty sure the students were two to a room. But I get up naked, right? And I go to the door and it's the day I'm checking out. And I'm used to a USA today. This is all pre-internet, you know, pre iPhones, A USA today, right in front of my door. And I opened up the door and they, they used to do one of those deals. The day you're checking out, you wouldn't get a ho or you wouldn't get a newspaper, you know, up till the day you're checking out, you'd get a newspaper.


But the actual day you're checking out, you wouldn't get a newspaper, which was bullshit. Well, I'm half awake, wake all right. I opened up the door, I noticed there's no USA today, but right next to me. And the door right in front of this door over here, there is. So I go to reach over and grab it, cha chink and door closes. And dude, I went from half awake to full awake like that. And I was like, oh my God, I'm out in this hallway and I'm naked.


And dude, my heart's racing. I'm like, what, what am I gonna do? So I do one of these scans. I look down the end of the hall and I see curtain, right? You know, there's a window at the end of the hall curtain. I go, okay, I'm, I'm going down just idiotic in and of itself, but I'm gonna go down, pull a curtain down, wrap it around my body, and then I'll go down to the front desk and get a new key. Yeah, I know. Well, I go down there and I go to grab that curtain and dude that curtain's on their homes. There is no pulling that thing down. That's completely outta the question.


So right beside me is the stairs. So I go down to the stairs, I think it was third floor or second floor, I can't remember. But I went down to the bottom of the stairs and I can see through the, you know, window at the bottom of the door at the bottom. I'm like, right there is the gym, the hotel gym. And there's towels. Like, awesome. What done? It didn't dawn on me till later. I would've needed a key to get in the gym anyway, so it, you know what I mean? But here's the problem. That didn't matter. That was trumped by the fact that right there was the gym with towels that I could have covered myself up with. Right here was the continental breakfast area.


Oh yeah. Nice. Yeah. That's got people in it. So I went, well I recognized one of the guys I work with, Bruce Goss is in there. He's back to, he's eating breakfast and whatnot. And I open up the door, I go, Bruce Bruce. And he's like, one of these deals. I go, Bruce, he turns around, I go, he comes over, I go, dude, I locked myself outta my room and I'm naked. And he's like, whoa. And I said, yeah. And he goes, what room you in? I go, whatever, 2 0 4 or whatever. And he goes, here, take my key. I'm in room three 15.


Go to my room. I'll go to the front desk and get you a new key and then I'll meet you in my room. I go, cool. So I go up to that hall, you know, I go up to the room and or the hallway. He's the one or whatever it was, you know, second, third floor. And I run down to his room and go in. Nobody saw me amazingly. 'cause this is breakfast time, dude. Yeah. So I go down there, I'm hanging out. Sure enough, he comes in, he is got my key. And he said, yeah, I, I went up to the front desk and said, Hey, I, I need a key for room 2 0 4. Why? Well, trust me, I need a key for room 2 0 4 to the gal at the desk.


And she's like, oh, oh, okay, here you go. He gives me the key, I grab a towel, wrap it around myself, I walk down with the towel rack down to the elevator. There's, I open up, get on the elevator, there's a dude on the elevator standing there, a business guy with his briefcase. I'm standing there, I look up at him and I go, yeah dude, it's pretty much what you think it is. And then he didn't say a word, he was just looking at me weird. And I got out and went down to my room. Amazingly, nobody actually physically saw me naked. Nice, nice. Oh shit. Yeah. Good stuff man. Larry Vickers is naked in another Man's hotel room.


And I, you know, that story's been told so many times and it's, it's like, you know, we all have those nightmares about being caught in public naked and I've actually lived it. Yep, yep. All right. Four 16. Okay. So I go up into weapons R and d research and development. I got small arms on my plate, you know, I got a guy who's doing long guns, snipers, you know, whatnot. And I'm doing assault weapons, I'm doing pistols, assault rifles, whatnot. First thing I kick off with is a new pistol, a new service pistol replaced our 19 elevens.


And I had the idea, you know, I need to talk to HK about this because I'd had enough interaction with HK to know, you know, how they build guns, how they test them there without p. And I thought, you know, I need to talk to them about building us a new service pistol building us a a an HK 1911. So I line up a trip, go over to Germany and I meet with them and I meet with the CEO and I go, Hey, this is, you know what we got in mind and yada yada yada. And they're like, mm, I don't know. Yeah, maybe we will look at it. You know what I mean? They weren't, they were on the bubble. Well I happened to be in the CEO's office, Ernst Milk.


And I looked up on the wall and he had a schematic of an M four with a G 36 style gas system. And I go, what's that? And he said, all that's a concept that we're kicking around. The idea on is putting a G 36 gas system in M four. And I go, really? And why is that? And he goes, well we've read about the crane report. I don't know if you've ever heard it or not, crane report where some seals had issues with high round counts on M fours and we feel like that we can address it with a different gas system. And I went, Huh, Why new in the unit we had the requirement for a reduced size M four Carine style rifle because for CQB close quarters battle them four at times is too long.


It's just simply too big. We cut our teeth on the MP five, which is a real easy gun to maneuver everybody loves for CQB. Problem is, it's basically a big nine millimeter pistol. So if I step outside and I shoot at somebody down, you know, down the street or whatever, I'm shooting at 'em with a big nine millimeter pistol. So, you know, we want our, we wanna be bringing the 5 5 6 into the into combat and we wanna bring it to the battle. That means the M four carine, which means a gun that's a certain size, which means in certain confined spaces, it's just simply too big. And they looked at different guns, they looked at the G 36 C, which is a compact G 36 and SIG 5 52.


Delta was looking at these and none of them really cut the mustard. Also looked at smaller M four variants, shorter barrels and whatnot. They had fleas in terms of the gas system was just not applicable. If the barrel lengths shorter than 14 half inches. It's just not a good mix. Has fleas. I knew enough about what we needed and I knew enough about weapons designed to know this if very possibly the answer. So I said, Ernst, what would it take for, for that gun to become a real reality? He goes, we need a partner, we need an end user partner that's willing to partner up with us and give us feedback for what we're doing right and doing wrong and what we can bring to the, you know, bring to the market.


I said, okay, I mean, what's that consist of? He goes, we would need some basically gu Guinea and I'm using this term Guinea pig guns to work on. So I go back to the unit three squadrons are majors are in there. I go, okay, okay, here's the deal. HK is looking at doing an improved M four style rifle with a different gas system. The what that's gonna do for us is that's gonna give us a gun that's significantly smaller but still very reliable. And they go, okay. And I, they go, what do they want? I said, all they want is basically guns to modify and work on to, to test this theory and that's it.


They don't want any money. I go, no, they don't want any money at all. They just need guns that we give to them on loan. They're gonna give back, they're gonna modify 'em, test them and basically give 'em back to us for us to use them and give them feedback. And the squadron sergeant majors were like, there's no downside to this. Yeah, a hundred percent. So we running up the chain, we're gonna give 'em x amount of guns. I can't remember what it was. It wasn't that many, but it wasn't that. When all of a sudden SOCOM goes stop, we don't know if legally we can loan these guns to them. And right then I thought, oh man, we're screwed.


This is over the, the SOCOM lawyers are gonna kill this. I thought we're done. Sure enough they come back and go, good to go. I was blown away. I couldn't believe it. Now you can do that. 'cause they're US government property. You can legally do it, basically transfer it to them and they'll transfer it back. I, I still to this day can't believe it. Damn. So we send 'em the guns, they modify 'em with the G 36 style gas system, send 'em back to the unit. Guns run like a champ. I mean, from day one before 16 ran like a champ. They needed input though on the, on the hand guard rail system. They need just, you know, it needed some refinement.


So we sent 'em back, give them, you know, and then they, they finally start making their own guns from scratch. Not just modifying our guns that we supply 'em. They start making guns from, from scratch. Prototypes still pre-production prototypes. The last nut to crack was the rail system. 'cause the way the G 36 gas system works, you really can't take it out the front. You have to take it out the back. Which means in order to get to the gas system to maintain it, you have to take the hand guard off. Well we needed a free float hand guard that we could take on and off and retain zero for rail mounted lasers.


That was like the stumbling block. Hmm. Or like, dude, this could be a problem. How are you going to do this rail that you can, you know, unbolt take off, maintain the gas system, put it back on and the laser maintains zero. Yeah. And I was like, man, I don't know if they're gonna be able to do this. This might be too much. Sure enough, it's hk. I mean these are the people, remember the Germans got us to the moon. Sure enough they come up with the rail system and we tested it out at gun site. As a matter of fact, they came out with desert testing. We did desert testing out there. We came and, and did the, did attended the testing with them and tested the rail coming on and off and retaining zero with a laser.


No shit. Yep. And now that rail system obviously has been hugely successful in the four 16. The other people like Geis Lease copied it in terms of the, how his rail goes on and is attached. Yeah. I mean I use the four 16 a lot. Love that weapon. Yeah. And it's been a huge success now really. It was a big shot in the arm for hk. Big shot in the arm. Now the German military is using a variant of 'em. It's now their current and replace the G 36 or is replacing the G 36, A variant of the HK four 16.


Huge success. Huge success as far as I know. I could be wrong, but it's yet to lose a trial anywhere in the world. Wow. Dozen. The French adopted it, the Norwegians adopted it. Now the Germans have, it's, it's yet to lose any kind of a service rifle trial anywhere in the world. That's far as I know. Wow. That's pretty badass man. Yeah. Huge success. I did not know you were behind that. Yeah, really it was a partnership with me and ERT m you take either one of us outta the equation and the gun wouldn't exist. We were the parents of the four 16 ERT M on HK side and me on the end user side.


That is badass. Yep. That's badass. I love that weapon. Awesome. Yeah, it's a great gun. Fantastic weapon. So when did you get out? I got out really ended oh three, technically beginning oh four, but I was on terminal leave so might as well say that, you know, very beginning of oh four. I got out, got out from oh four. I went to work for HK for a while and then I left. I went back to the unit as a, as a contract instructor, OTC instructor for about a year. And then I went and worked for another government agency and then I went and won my own with Vicar's Tactical.


What Government agency? Tosa. I don Dunno if you've ever heard me. Not tosa. Yeah. They were technical operations support activity. And it was a G Watt spinoff thing where they were just throwing money. You remember, you know, during G Wat they were just throwing money like there was no tomorrow. What were you doing there? Just helping set up testing and stuff. Okay. Didn't like it. No, it was pretty weak. And then you started Vicar Tactical and I started Vicar Tactical Created entire tactical empire. Yeah. I mean, holy shit man. Yeah. Yeah. It's went pretty well until recently. Well what, let's, let's, before we get to recently, let's, I mean where did you start it?


What was, what was the premise at the very beginning? Training people at reaching out to me for training. Hey, will you come do this class? Will you come do that class? And it was growing and I thought, you know, this could go take off. And I had other people saying, Hey dude, you need to make a go of this. And the what kept, what really gave me the ability to do it is my military retirement. I knew I had my mortgage covered from my military retirement. And that's, if I didn't have that, I'm, I don't know that I would've had the balls to do it. But I knew my military retirement covered the mortgage and then some and that, that gave me the initiative and the balls to do it.


What was It like for you training civilians after coming out of the, the premier unit and the Us Well, that's the, the unit Delta is so unique in that regard. It's really hard to compare that. You just, you have to set them aside. Yeah. I mean, you really do. I mean, Were you were able to do that though? A lot of, there was a lot of guys to get into the training game. I mean, after, after, after service. I mean, I, I was one of them. And I mean it's, it's hard to, yeah, It is hard. Switch Your mindset. It took me a while. I was pretty rough around the edges, as you can imagine. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I do. I was pretty rough around the edges. I had to really adjust my train of thought.


It got to the point though, as I did it, the more I liked training civilians Because A couple reasons. One, because they were paying for it. In many cases they were much better students. They would pay attention and apply themselves much better. 'cause they were the ones writing a check versus Mill le somebody else, you know, the taxpayers writing their check and they're like, with exceptions. I mean, you get some mill le guys, which rock stars. Yeah, I know what you're saying, but You know what I'm saying. There's the, you know what I found, if you don't mind if I, I mean if I share a little bit No, go ahead. What I found was, you know, you I've really liked doing these all women's courses.


Really? Yeah. Because the ego's fucking gone. I mean, you get, you know, you get guys coming in and they're like, oh, I've been shooting since I was eight. And it's like, cool, you're probably shooting wrong since you were eight. And, and I saw like a lot of people that it's like they regret not going to war. Oh yeah. You know, and, and instead of just learning, they have to, they have to throw their ego into it and, and compensate for whatever they feel like they're missing out on in life. And I started doing these all women's courses and what I found was like there was a lot of like battered women who had been raped and sexually abused and beat on by their husbands or their boyfriends or whatever.


And they would come in and, I mean, just like terrified, just a rack, a pistol slide. And I mean, I got 'em pretty damn proficient in one day. I mean, shooting good groups at 10, 15 yards and no. And to watch a woman that has been through any type of abuse that I just listed off, you know, very, very shy, very timid, scared. And then to watch him leave with that empowerment, like, I know how to work this fucking gun and I know how to use it.


And that was very rewarding for me. That was the most rewarding experiences that I had in the, the firearms industry, was watching women leave those courses knowing that that's not gonna happen again to 'em. Cool. But, and, and, and like I said, I think, and they were great students because they didn't have any egos. They were just, they were just there to learn to, to learn firearms proficiency specifically in pistols. And it's really like, it was really a fucking cool, rewarding experience to, to see that empowerment.


But, but So you, who were you trained in? Oh man, everybody. I mean, across the spectrum I had some women's classes, not many. I'd have women sprinkled in my classes, but by and large it was men, A lot of civilians, some mill sprinkled and a fair amount of le not so much the LE agencies, but individual le officers in my classes. Two, three here, one or two, you know what I mean? So really kind of across the spectrum. Mainly pistol, also carine. But really it boiled down to mainly pistol. That's really where it ultimately boiled down to mainly pistol training.


And you know, one thing I'm kind of known in the 1911 world building the 19 elevens and teaching people how to build 'em and all that jazz. But one of my specialty classes became the 1911 class, became a 1911 specific class teaching people how to use them, how to detail disassemble 'em, how to maintain 'em, how to troubleshoot 'em. And that man I did did that class more than I times more than I can count, man. I remember watching it when I was getting started that was just like, fuck man, I hope one day, maybe one day I can get to that level. And you know, I never did. But it, I mean it was, it was truly inspiring.


I mean, thanks. What was your first product that you developed other than the four 16? The Sling with Blue Force gear. That's what I use, man. Yeah. I use, I have that on all my ars. Oh God Bless you. Yeah, that's, I'm Not bullshitting you like I fucking love that sling. Yeah, I, that's been was my first product. Absolute grand slam home run scale. One to 10. It's a 15. It's been a huge success for me in Blue Force Gear. Close personal friends with the owner, Ashley Burn said, I mean that was the first product and just set the standard set. The standard second would be the Glock Tango down parts.


Jeff Cahil, tangle down personal friend of mine. Way back in the day. I started seeing different things that was needed for the Glock. And one is a enhanced magazine release. And that was the first Glock part I came out with slightly extended with rounded edges. No shit. Yeah, that was you. Yep. That particular one. Now there's other ones on the market, but the vicar, tactical Tango down one. Yeah. Came from me and we mold, you know, we set up the mold and did it. Now we got, I don't even know how many skews now. Slide stop slide Racker base plates. A lot of different skews for the Glock. That's been another Grand Slam home run. We've been doing those for quite a while.


We've expanded out into other pistols. But the Glock rules the world. Yeah. Glock's rule the world. So that's been by far our biggest seller. Next been really good friends with Paul Buffon of Bravo Company. Been ABR brand ambassador for him. He sponsored my YouTube channel for years. Product development with him, still on board with him. Great, great guy. One of the best people in the tire firearms industry. Fast forward and I hooked up with James Ley with Vicar's Guide and that's been another Grand Slam home run. We kicked it off 2015 and now we got, Scott was asking me Now I think about 11 titles somewhere in there.


Wow. Yeah. Wow. You know what I mean? It's, it's been a home run with James. He does the photography and he's co co-author with me as well. Lives here in Nashville. No shit. Yeah, sure does, Man. You gotta link BIM with the Bravo Company. God, dude. Oh No worries. Get one. Those damn things. I can't find him. Where the hell do you even get 'em? I can't find him. What Do you need? Do you need a gun or I need an ar. Oh yeah, I got you covered. I mean, I got a lot of ars, but I don't have a Bravo ar. Okay. And that's, I'll hook you up. Yeah Man. I'll tie you in. Cool. Please do. I'm being serious. Yeah, no, no worries. I got you covered. I'll hook you in. But man, you have really crushed that game.


Yeah. I mean you are like the guy when it comes to all of that stuff. I appreciate it. How, How long did it take you to grow it into what it is I, 15 years. 15 years? Yeah. How long has the company been alive? Oh, five to, to now 20 years. But to get it really to 20 years now. But to get it really where it was hitting on this all cylinders 15 years. What's your favorite part about it? Is it innovating or is it training Both equally? I would say both equally.


Yeah. I would, I'd say 50 50 mix. How many people do you think you've trained? I did a math on it a few years ago and it was over 5,000. Holy Shit. Yeah, over 5,000. I did the math, I sat down and conservatively, you know, I was conservative. I didn't, you know, blow it out of proportion, but, okay. X number of classes over X number of years, X number of students, you know, yada, yada, yada. And five, 5,000 students. Wow. Wow. That is a lot of people, man. Mainly civilians bro. Mainly civilians, yeah. And then some of the civilians, multiple times, some of 'em will come back for the same class.


Yeah. Over and over. Pretty cool. Pretty cool. And so now you're in, now you're in a little bit of hot water. Oh yeah. My can't talk a lot about it, but I, I want to talk about how it came about. Okay. Because it's still ongoing, like a lot of legal, you know the deal. Oh, I know the deal. Yeah. So it came about it, my greatest asset became my greatest weakness. Meaning my ability to hype hyperfocus on firearms, really delve in, really just absorb everything, you know, it that comes with firearms allowed me, it led me down a pretty dangerous path.


Like I started, you know, violating rules, laws, regulations and whatnot. Knowingly doing so in order to feed this demon over here. I started doing stuff over here that I shouldn't have been doing and knew it, but you know what felt like I'd never get caught. I felt like I'd never get caught. And sure enough, August, 2021 I got caught. What happened? A TF rolled in the house and, you know, oh, North Carolina Huntersville, North Carolina rolled in and seized my guns and it was a trickle down effect from somebody else.


And it's, like I said, it's still ongoing. It's still a sticky mess. So I can't really go into details. But it wasn't me specifically, it was a trickle down. And I was down the food chain and they rolled in on me and had me dead rights. Damn. So I ended up, I Remember reading about this shit. Yeah. I thought it was all, I was like, ah, it's probably just some fucking internet. No, it was real. It was real, unfortunately too real. Damn, damn. October 23, I pled guilty. Two counts. Counts Of what? Ile? Illegal. Importation of a firearm and violating an Obama executive order.


And both of 'em are ongoing. I mean, both of 'em. And you're talking October 23, my attorney said, you most likely will not be sentenced in 2024. I go, really? He goes, I'm serious now he's saying he may not be sentenced till 2026 or even 2027. Holy Shit. Yeah. So now really what boils down to is I talked to him at length, as you can imagine, and I could have fought it, almost certainly would've lost almost certainly. He said, Larry, it's gonna, it would cost you a tremendous amount of money. A tremendous amount of money might even bankrupt me and, and I, it would've just dragged my family through hell even more hell than they've already been through.


So I went ahead and, and I went ahead and pled couple things. We're actively pursuing a pardon and we're also actively pursuing getting my gun rights back. Because you've probably heard a little bit about that. Have you heard about the Ag Pam Bondy? You heard about that stuff? No, I haven't. She's came out recently. I'm talking within in the last couple weeks. And I'm paraphrasing here. My attorney would be, you know, better able to relay this saying that if you're a non-violent felon on a case by case basis, you can get your gun rights back and you appeal directly to the ags office to do so. Have you done that? And We're in the process of doing it right now, getting Our paperwork.


Think it'll be done. What's that? When will it be done? The paperwork? Soon, because it's really not that extensive. I gotta get three letters. I got my three letters lined up. One's from Kurt Muse and I, so I've got a couple other guys lined up, officers I was in Delta with. So I got those three letters and then we're gonna combine the package together and send it in. We're trying to, I'm really casting the net out and I was telling Scott on the way, trying to, you know, find anybody that might be able to get us in. Because what we don't want is we submit it and just goes into a black hole. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's what we're, that's what we're worried about.


We're trying to prevent that. If there's any way to at least get it, we know it's gonna get in front of the ag or get where it needs to go. That's what we're trying to do. Pardon? Paperwork. Same thing. That's much more extensive. A pardon? Paperwork is, it's no joke. Yeah. It's much more extensive. So we're working on that. We've tabled it temporarily to get the gun rights paperwork done, get it sent off, and then we're gonna get back on the pardon paperwork. And then we're, same thing casting out, you know, fishing lines, whatever, to try to get in front of the president. So that's, that's where we're at.


I'm hoping that my service to the country is gonna buy the goodwill to evade, you know, hopefully get a pardon? I got somebody I want to connect you with or try to connect You with. Okay. That might be able to help. I appreciate it, dude. My pleasure. More than I can say. All I can do is ask. Oh yeah, for sure. I don't wanna say his name on here, but Yeah, No problem. But he's, he's pretty high up there and he's definitely got a lead in there, so. Cool. Yeah. But yeah, that's it in a nutshell. I, it's on me. I have to take it, you know, it's, I'm the blame. What are you potentially facing?


You know, we don't know. I mean, potentially five years and a million dollar fine or whatever, but there's so many variables to it. I've asked my attorney that countless times. Jerry Rooter is my attorney Jerry with a g Rooter with a t out of Baltimore. But he, he's, I've asked him, he goes, Larry, there are way too many variables to deal with here to be able to accurately tell you that. So I, I'm preparing for the worst, hoping for the best. So the worst will be five years and a million dollars, million dollar line, I guess, Ish. You know what I mean? Yeah. I, I don't know. I I've really thought it through and God only knows.


And, and, and he legitimately tells me, he goes, 'cause I've asked him more than once, Jerry, what do you really think I'm facing here? He goes, I'm telling you Larry, there's just so many variables. We really cannot get a handle on where, where this is gonna go for you. Damn man. So, I mean, he, he was right before he said, you, my guess is you will not be sentenced in 2024. It'll be 20, 25 before you're sentenced. Damn. And now Trump getting in office, that throws everything up in the air. 'cause now the people that would probably be coming after me from the Biden administration or the Biden appointees are gone. Yeah.


So now, you know, Trump getting in, just changes everything. Brings a pardon on the table, brings getting my gun rights on the table. What did you import? Did you say that already? Illegal importation of a firearm. What was it? Basically, I doctored, for lack of a better term, I, I I conspired with people to doctor up paper. And I'm just being, you know, I'm kind of winging it here. I get it doctored up paperwork to bring in different guns from my collection. It wasn't for, you know, just sell 'em to the cartel or MS 13 or nothing. It was from my collection. It's like I told you, I fed this demon over here. You're Addicted to guns. Addicted to guns. Well, how many guns did you have?


Oh, at The peak, 700 or excuse me, 650. 650. Yeah. Where the hell do you put 'em All? Oh Dude, You just got stacks of them. I had two rooms this size. Full. Holy shit, man. Six 50 now. Do you shoot 'em all? No. What was your most prized FG? 42. What is that? World War ii German Paratrooper rifle. Damn. Yeah. Foster VE 42. FG 42. But yeah, that was my most prized, made approximately 6,000 of 'em during the war. Uber rare. Wow. Uber rare Worth the price of a, you know, nice house.


Damn. Yeah. FG 42. I had a type one and a type two. There are two different types. Wow. I had a type one and a type two FG 42 Now. Sold off a lot of the collection. After I got cancer, my wife said, Hey you what if you die from cancer and all this stuff gets dumped in my lap, what am I gonna do? And I went, you know what, she's got a point. Because like my buddy Ken Hackathorn said, you will always get more for your guns when you're alive than when you're dead. You know, I took that to heart. So I sold off, oh man, 80%, nah, 75%, you know, 60, 75% of my collection.


I sold it off in order to put money in the bank for the family in case I died from cancer. Where'd you get cancer? I'm confident from the unit by that time in the army. I'm confident. Can't prove it that I, there's been so many guys from the unit that have had cancer, died from cancer. Yeah. A lot. Scares the hell out of me, man. It's like every day, you know, I got another buddy or a friend of a friend or it, it's just every day, man, somebody else is getting cancer. And, and with, with war vets, I mean, it's just, you don't even know where the shit comes from.


It's just all these weird cancers keep popping up. I, I interviewed a friend of mine, Chris Tis, and he was saying that he thinks that or not, that he thinks, there's been some studies that say that it came from the jammers, the, you know, for, for jamming frequencies, the IEDs and shit. And I mean, it's just, I just got the screening a couple weeks ago. Oh yeah. Scared the shit outta me. I'm cancer free right now. But, but yeah, the anticipation for that was, so what did you get? Follicular Lymphoma. What is that? Basically a blood disease. And honestly though, it's like a friend of mine said if you're gonna, he had leukemia, but he said if you're gonna have a cancer, you, you got one that you, you know, to have, obviously you don't want cancer, needless to say, but if you're gonna have a cancer, you got one of the ones in that Very treatable.


Very treatable. You good now? Oh Yeah, in remission. Like my doc said, a fantastic cancer doc, Fanta in Charlotte. Fantastic. You know, Novant Healthcare services, I mean just fantastic care. And he told me the the lymphoma you have is treatable, not curable. He goes, it will eventually come back. He goes, but if it does, we treat it again. Okay. And he goes, it, it might be five years, it might be 20 years. You never know. You may, it may never come back. You may, you know, you may end up taking it to the grave.


But he said, it's very treatable. It's not curable, it's treatable. And he, he said, it's like cockroaches. He goes, how analogy you have cockroaches, you turn on the light in the room and they start to scatter. You might kill a bunch of 'em, but you're not gonna kill 'em all. And he goes, and that's what it's like with follicular lymphoma. Well, I'm happy to hear you're doing better, man. Yeah. Oh yeah. Total, you know, remission. You know, I had stem cell transplant. And here's the great thing. It completely wipes out your immune system. I mean, completely as if you're a newborn baby. I had to have all my immunizations from when I was a little baby up till now. Had him.


Yes. I, dude, I got over my needle phobia. I remember having six shots in one day. I mean, you name it, measles, mumps, the whole nine yards. Did you go outta country for the stem cell? No, It was here. Was here? Yeah, it was in Charlotte at the Novant facility. No, Mount cancer facility. Stuff's working wonders for people, man. Oh Dude. Magic. I really, my cancer wasn't that big of a deal. I had, I got nauseous. Really? Not that na, I mean I lost weight fatigue. But it really, there wasn't really any pain. I mean, I, I mean, I hate to say it, but it really just wasn't that big of a deal.


Well, that's a good thing, You know. And you're married. Yeah, Man, I didn't see, I didn't wanna, I've been the world's worst dad. The world's worst husband. I mean, I straight up, Why do you say that? I just neglected the wife should have never, I mean, I've just done her wrong or I really have. I've just been, I haven't been a good father to my son. My, my dad was very standoffish. I've been the same way to my son. I just haven't been a good, to be brutally honest, brutally honest. I have not been a good husband or a good or a good father. Are you improving? I'm trying to.


How old's your Son? 22. And he's had some real struggles and you know, not all my fault, but definitely I've contributed to that. So I, I'm trying to improve and be better. But that if I had to, you know, big chink in the armor is I have not been the husband or the father. I should have been. I can't sit here and lie to you. I'm not gonna lie to you. That's why we brought up the legal stuff. I'm not gonna bullshit you. You know what I mean? What Would you say to your son right Now? I love him and I really want him to do better. He's more on the right track now than he's been for a long time. He's had some real personal struggles, but he's on the right track Now. I finishing college and whatnot.


Just tell him I love him and I want him to continue on the same path he's on now. Are you proud of him and keep the faith? Oh yeah. Yeah. He's a good kid. He's real smart. Real smart. He just had some real struggles and like I said, not all my fault, but I've definitely contributed to it. Not by it, by not being the dad. I should have been. I, you know, I should be. And you're still married? Yeah, Still married. It's been real rocky. You got Rocky. Anything you wanna say to your wife? Yeah, I love her and I apologize for being the, you know, the improper, shitty husband that I, you know, I should have been. I she deserved a hundred times better than what I've been for sure.


I provided her a good lifestyle. She lives very well, but you know, that doesn't compensate for, for not being there emotionally, not being there supporting her from that point of view. So yeah, she lives very well. Drives nice cars, lives in a nice house. But you know, there's a big void on the other end of that that I've, I've not filled. How come you saying I don't wear a ring? We're kind of on the outs right Now. I Sorry to hear that man. Well, I appreciate it. Yeah, we're kind on the outs and I'm not a big ring guy. I've never been a big ring. I didn't even, when we were getting along, I didn't always wear it. I just never, you know, that's why I wear this unit ring, but god knows when I'll wear it again.


What's the story behind the unit ring? Well, If you're in the unit and you basically have served, you know, honorably, you get the opportunity to buy your own ring. If I remember correctly, it was 300 bucks. I could be way off. But yeah, you can say, hey, you can go buy your own unit ring. And then you set the, the stone color and then, you know, platinum or whatever you want. And you get gold and there's a few different flavors. It's the kinda like a, you know, a high school ring or a college ring is really what it is. And then you set your dates in terms of when you came in and when you left. Mine's 88 to oh three.


That's pretty cool. Yeah. And uber rare. Uber rare. I, we, me and Scott, my buddy who came up here with me, were trying to find it on the internet and you can't even find a picture of one. That's cool. They're that rare. Your guys gotta pick. Oh Yeah, your crew got a pick of it. Oh yeah. They're, they, they love time pieces and, And, and Stuff like that. Sentiment stuff, man. They love that stuff. Everybody does. Oh yeah, A hundred percent. Everybody's, I never envisioned you to be a ring knocker. No, I'm not. Just Kidding man. That's the academy guys. Now Tom didn't have one or did he not bring one, I guess?


Or did you say he didn't? Man, He may have had one, but he didn't, he didn't tell me what it was. I don't, I don't know. I wasn't, I wasn't paying attention but, Well I purposely wore it so you could check it out. 'cause I knew you'd appreciate It. I do. I purposely Wore it. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, Larry, we're wrapping up the interview, but I got one thing and I wanted to, I wanted to wait until the end to ask this. Okay. But I've got a Patreon account and Patreon's, it's, it's a subscription service that we have. I started at the very beginning when I was doing firearms training and it's growing into like this really fucking amazing community and the, the reason I'm here and the reason you're here.


And so one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. Yeah. And so this is from Eric Alger. What do you want the next generation of war fighters to learn from your story? I, Ooh man, that's a good question. I would say, if anything, Try to always think outside the box. And we didn't necessarily hit directly on that in our interview, but there was a lot of elements of that that we talked about.


Try to always don't get set. And I learned that from Elden Barwell. I've learned that from other guys. Don't get set in your ways to the point where you're no longer think outta the box and Delta to their credit. That's kind of a motto they've always lived by. Yeah. You know, don't, you know, you know, try not to get locked into one particular thing. Try to always think outta the box, Man. That's the way I lived my life. Not just in that type of community, but just throughout my entire life and business and everything is not only think outside of the box, but what fucking box. Yeah. There is no box, wood Box.


That's right. What box. But, and if you don't mind, I'd like to add something, man. Yeah. Because when I think of your stories and your experiences in Delta contingency planning Way, ain't that the truth? Contingency, contingency contingencies. And you could never have too many of them. So No, you can't anticipate the worst because it's probably gonna happen. Well, Larry, I wish you the best of luck and, and your, your law stuff. I Appreciate it And I hope, I hope I'll be praying for you, man.


Thanks Man. I definitely appreciate it. And probably even more importantly than that, I just wish you the best of luck with your family. I hope everything works out. Yeah, thanks a lot. And I hope You raised Yeah, I need to, I need to come clean on that. I could have just sat here and Oh yeah, everything's fine. And, but I'm not gonna do that. I mean, you brought me up here as a guest. I greatly appreciate it. I've had a great time talking to you. Fantastic time. Last thing I'm gonna do is bullshit you and lie to your face. Thank You. Thank you. Alright, Larry, it was an honor interview, man. Hey, Thank you bro. I greatly appreciate it. Thank you. Fantastic time. Fantastic. Cheers. Thanks brother. Thank you.


The United States Soccer Federation presents the US Soccer Podcast inside the opening 45 seconds. Watch a goal with that cannon of the left foot. I'll leave it at one. Never miss a game. Want a start from the United States? Shot for distance? What a goal. Never miss a moment. Exquisite from the San Diego. Can he finish? Yes he can. Yeah. The US Soccer Podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.