
Starting a business can seem like a daunting task unless you have a partner like Shopify, they have the tools you need to start and grow your business. From designing a website to marketing, to selling and beyond, Shopify can help with everything you need. There's a reason millions of companies like Mattel, Heinz, and Allbirds continue to trust and use them with Shopify on your side. Turn your big business idea into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck GPT, What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non controllable Bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem? Call one 800 GAMBLER


Dino Makus, Welcome to the show, man. Thanks for having me. It is an, it is an honor to be here. Well, likewise, it's an honor to have you, I mean you former SEAL re industrializing the Navy's ship building capacity. It's, I'm, you know, we were talking at breakfast and I just, I think it's really cool, man, like what you're doing and I'm just, I'm just, I mean, I don it's fascinating. It's inspiring. I'm proud of you. I mean, to see somebody come out of the SEAL teams and to do something is, is impactful as what you're doing for the United States and, and it sounds like maybe some of our allies.


I mean, that's just, I mean, it's, congratulations man, that's really cool to see. Thank You. I've been a, a huge fan of yours in the pod and seeing all the things that you're doing after the SEAL teams is just as exciting. And, you know, it's an honor to just be here, be able to tell the story, be able to tell my story and then all the things we're doing at Ciera. So Thank you, Thank you, Thank you for being here. But everybody starts off with an introduction here. So Dino Makus Navy SEAL veteran with 11 years of service, including eight combat tours leveraged your Wharton MBA in private equity experience at Vista Equity Partners to bridge your military grit with tech innovation launching CIRAN in 2022.


We're going to focus more on your work as a envision as co-founder and CEO of CIC Technologies, a company building autonomous surface vessels, ASVs to restore US naval dominance. A leader in raising billions to scale CICS mission with a $4 billion valuation and a new shipyard Port Alpha to tackle America's shipbuilding crisis encounter. China's massive shipbuilding lead a voice in the defense tech revolution, warning that without scalable AI driven solutions, the US risk losing its maritime edge, a patriot committed to the Navy SEAL Foundation, serving as a board director to support seals and their families, husband, father, and most importantly a Christian.


And like I said, re industrializing the Navy ship building capabilities. And, you know, just to kick this off with a, with a fact, I mean we, we've talked a lot about China and their capabilities and how they're getting an edge on us in just about every capacity, power, AI ship building. They're, they're not messing around. They are investing heavily in governments, pouring billions and billions of dollars. If we think China's not on a a wartime footing right now, we're, we're sticking our heads in sand Man. And you know, it just sounds like they're gaining an edge in just about every important aspect of, of, of being a global superpower.


And so I wanted to kick this off. In 1943, we built 18,000 ships. In 2023 we built eight and retired 12 for a negative four. And the US accounts for only 0.1% of global shipbuilding. 0.1%. It's Crazy. I mean, it's crazy. In, in World War ii, I'll give you another shot. We commissioned over a hundred aircraft carriers, aircraft carriers between 1942 and 1945. Today an aircraft carrier costs 10 billion as a baseline.


The, the estimate, the budget estimate actually went up to 13 billion. Geez. But more importantly, they take over 10 years to make a decade to make one. Our entire involvement in World War II was four years long. So not only are they wildly expensive, but you can't afford take human life out of the equation for just a second. 'cause I'm sure we'll talk about that a bunch. You can't afford to lose one because you cannot get another one. It scares the hell out of me, man. It's crazy. It Just seems like we're falling behind on everything and we'll get into this too, but just, you know, breakfast, we were talking about all the bureaucracy and the red tape that, that entrepreneurs have to go through.


And it is, and, and, and you would think that that would be, but you would think they would fast track national defense, but it sounds like it's even more of a pain in the ass than just being a regular entrepreneur. And I mean by the t like you just said, by the time we, and we'll get into this more too, but by the time this stuff even gets approved to be built, let alone being built, I mean it's already obsolete. That's right. Yeah. It starting Sharon was an interesting challenge because not only did we have to build the best technology, not only we set out to build absolute's best technology in both hardware and software, and we'll talk more about the products, but we also had to build a a, a government lobbying company.


We had to under understand how to navigate the ecosystem, how to actually drive adoption, how to get our products into the field. And that's not, that's not an easy task. You know, one of the things I mentioned, and it, it was funny. We had a, one of our lead growth with the leaders from the growth team gave a teach-in to the entire company on here's what government acquisitions actually looks like. And there's this government acquisition management lifecycle map that exists within the Pentagon. And if we stretch that map out on this entire wall, the individual sub components still would not be legible.


There's Are you serious? There's That many steps in the process. One of the slides was, okay, now we're gonna talk about rapid defense acquisition. And the next slide said 48 to 72 months, Three years, 48 to 72 months later, the technology we're building is actually obsolete. We're gonna have version 2, 3, 4, we're gonna have the software upgraded four or five times. We're gonna have better sensors out in the world that we'll be able to incorporate on our boats. The process isn't set up for this and it's nobody's fault. It's just the evolution of technology, right?


It's how warfare has changed over the last 50, 75, a hundred years. And we're just sitting at a point in time where there's massive technological disruption. Right? 20 years ago, 20 years ago, the fund didn't exist. Think about that. Yeah. That's not a really long time ago and it's completely changed the world. And now nobody can even think about operating in their life without a smartphone. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's, I kind of, I want it to slow down 'cause I'm tired of having to learn technology. But I mean now is, it's just, I just, you said it's nobody's fault I somebody's to blame or, or some entity is to blame.


I mean, we, it's just, I, every time I talk to a tech innovator like yourself, I'm just mind blowing it, it the how slow the government is to act on this stuff. And, and, and I don't know what it comes from if it's, if it's like our own ego. 'cause we've been on top for so long. You know, it, it's like, guys, you gotta look outward man. Like every country is innovating right Now. I feel like we're in this paradigm shift, like when the wheel was invented or when we went from horse to automobile or when the invention of electricity. I mean, with all this AI stuff and the way the techs, the the pace, the techs, the tech is moving at is just astounding.


And if we don't get out of our own way, we're gonna get passed up if we're not passed up already. And I mean, we just chatted about this, it was on Tucker's a couple days ago and, and we were talking about, you know, how slow everything moves and how we kneecap ourself, everything from energy to AI to defense and man, like we really, we, we better wake up. I mean, it's, it's depressing And we're, it, it's, well, I don't wanna talk all doom and gloom because we Have the innovators. We, we have the innovators. Wonderful. We have the capability. And, and look, I'm a firm believer in that when the United States of America collectively gets behind an idea, there's nobody in the world that can beat us.


Not China, not anybody. Yeah. Right. The issue that we're facing right now is, again, we're sitting at a center of technological disruption. You're coming off of a massively different environment. So we talked a little bit about World War II and talked about all the conflict since then, and kind of how the evolution of defense budget and defense spending and the things that were put in place since World War ii, PPEB process back in 1961, cost plus contracting actually started in World War I to get the, the defense industrial base going.


And we can talk about the impacts of all of those things. But really you go back to 1993 and before that you had this Cold War build up, right? You had the buildup before the Cold War, the Reagan eras. We were at six to 7% of GDP as far as our military budget. The Cold War ends. And you had this moment in time where everybody thought that global conflict or conflict between nation states just isn't a thing anymore. Right? It's the new world. We're all friends Cold War's over, we can communicate across the globe, all these things that never existed before. So we came out, we as a country, the United States came out of the Cold War and drastically cut our military spending.


So what that did, and the mil, so 24% reduction in military spending after the Cold War, 41% in naval spending after the Cold War. Wow. So you can imagine what happened to the ship building programs. Wow. Not only that, the then Secretary of Defense, there's this very famous meeting, they had, they call it the Last Supper, it's in 1993. The then Secretary of Defense called in all the heads of the large defense contractors and there were 55 or so at the time and said, we're slashing defense spending. There's not gonna be enough budget to go around. You guys have my budget, you guys have to consolidate or you will go outta business.


And so those 55 companies went down to five and like they're known as the big five. It's Lockheed, Raytheon, Northrop, Boeing, and General Dynamics. Right? So that happened in 93. And then obviously that consolidation took, took years to happen then. So you have that, that trend, that's one mega trend, right? So what happened did, did those five buy all the other subsidiaries? They bought all the other companies and they just combined into mega conglomerates. Yeah. So yeah, that, that one kind of mega trend happening in the market. The other thing was obviously 2001, we go into Afghanistan, 2003, we go into Iraq and we're there for 20 years.


So our attention as a nation was on counterinsurgency, was on the global war on terror. It wasn't how do we have the most powerful navy in the world to deter the Chinese. We were focused somewhere fundamentally differently for 20 years. So we have this reduction in spending, which actually ramps back up for Iraq and Afghanistan. But that doesn't mean that we're building the platforms we need for 2025 and beyond. 'cause again, very different type of conflict. We're still living in this world of everybody's still friends, but now there's just terrorists. But global conflict's not a thing.


So you have these two mega trends that kind of happen, that are one reduction in spending for big platforms, consolidation in the defense industrial base, and then our focus as a military on a very, very different type of adversary. So with decreased spending and decreased competition, you don't have a whole lot of innovation. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, not to be, I don't wanna be all doom and gloom either, although usually I am. But, but I mean, but I mean, I do, I don't, I don't think I know we still have the best innovators in the world because we live in a capitalistic society.


Right? And, and it's, it could be, you know, big risk, big reward. But guys like, you know, guys like you and, and Joe Lonsdale and Palmer Lucky and Alex Wang, and I mean, there's a whole slew of you guys out there that are, that are, that are astonishing innovators. But man, the go, it just, the government just cuts your guys' kneecaps off. I mean it's, it's, we gotta fast track this Stuff. It's hard. It's hard. And look, there are, there are organizations set up to fast track this stuff. DIU or Defense Innovation Unit, phenomenal organization. We partner with 'em, you know, they've taught us a lot about the end user of the customer.


But the process that we've talked about, it's just really hard to drive adoption into the government. And there's only been, I mean, you go back to the 93, the last supper you go back to, there's only been, that was in 93, 19 93. What Was that? Was that Clinton The last? Yeah, I think so. I think so. The Secretary of Defense was Les Aspen. Since then, there's only been three massive companies that have started SpaceX, Palantir, and now Andal, SpaceX and Palantir started in the early two thousands. So call it 2001, 2002 ish timeframe.


I think you had a 15 year gap, man, until Andel was started in 2017, and their last valuation was 14 billion. I think they're talking about raising at a $28 billion valuation. But those are, those are really only, when you talk about what matters for the military, you really have to get to scale. You really have to be able to build thousands of platforms that are extremely capable. And that means you have to be a really big company. Right. There's only been three. And the reason is, again, it's just hard to do business with the government. And prior to 2017, and this is where I'll give Ander a ton of credit, right?


People, investors weren't really interested in driving money into defense. It was a hard place to make a return. This is why I tried to tell the government, like, look, you actually want CIC to make money. You want us to do really well? Don't worry about squeezing the margin because if we e every dollar we make one, we reinvested back into the company for RD. But two, the more money you make, the more that investors will leverage, will be able to leverage private capital. We'll magnify any dollar the government puts into our company through acquisition or otherwise, 10 times over. And we'll be able to build even better systems faster.


And it will attract new innovators a hundred percent to the, to the de to the sector. A hundred percent. But the reason why there's been such this, this like bottleneck and resilience, it goes back to this, this PPB process planning, programming, budgeting, and execution. It's a four to five year window where the government will go and plan for 18 months. They'll then go through programming, which means writing the requirements. Okay, what are the things that we actually need the platforms to do? Then they'll go through budgeting and then execution. So again, four year, four to five year window.


What that means in actuality, like in practice, we started Saric in September of 2022. So we're not even three years old yet, which is quite remarkable when we get into all the things Yeah. That we've done. I would say that's pretty remarkable. It's, it's, we are, we're we're the fastest growing defense tech con company in history. Wow. Now there's a congratulations. Thank you. There's a lot of, I mentioned SpaceX, Palantir, and like, we're not where we are today with the, without the strides that those companies have made. But going back to the process, so we started the company in September of 22, the planning phase for the government.


Now there's very distinct buckets of like when this is done, the planning phase for the fiscal year 2024 budget had already ended, which means we started the company in 22, we had no ability to influence the 2024 budget. Are you serious? Dead serious. This is how the process works. They were on the, they being the government, were on the tail end of planning for the 2025 budget. Which means you have to get in and like, think about if you have an 18 month planning process and somebody comes to you three weeks before it's over and says, Hey, squeeze me into this planning process.


I wanna influence the 2025 budget. Is that included in the, what did you call it? The rapid, This is The 48 to 72 months. This is, is that included or is that this Is the overall PPBE process that the military goes through. So when we started the company, we were really looking at this is absent, absent other contracting mechanisms that I'll talk about through DIU and otherwise, because there's, there's a thing called OTAs, which is other transactional authorities that actually gives the government the ability to move very, very quickly. But within that process, we were really looking at, when we started the company in 22, we were really looking at 20 20, 26 and 2027 budget.


That's four years now an investor looking at that, that says, how am I make money? Why would I invest in this company? It's so hard. And on top of that, you have had so few companies that have broken through and there was borderline, I don't wanna call it monopolistic behavior, but the, but that's how the primes acted like, Well, yeah, I think, But that's how, that's how the system evolved into, there were five primes in 2023, 50% of the $411 billion of government contracts that year went to those five companies.


70% of that, 70% of those awards through those companies had no competition. They were sole sourced. So coming into this market, the only thing that I've been kind of evangelizing is let defense tech startups that are showing that they can build real capability at scale, able to attract the funding that's needed. Just let those companies compete fairly for these large programs. I'm not saying don't hand us anything just 'cause we're a startup, doesn't mean we're any good. Doesn't mean because we have a bunch of money we can go and execute.


But as we prove things along the way, let us compete for larger and larger contracts and larger and larger programs. And, and that's what we focus on. And we've really built that into the core DNA of our company where I just say, everything we say we're going to do, we're gonna do it beautiful. If we say we're gonna deliver this on this timeline for this price, that's what we're doing. Come hell and high water. And we have the team that is bought into that. And you know what? The Navy's actually not used to that. They're not used to anything coming on time, anything coming on budget.


And so by just doing what we said we're gonna do over and over and over again, those opportunities to compete for larger programs will be there. Because how can you not let a company like Ciera compete at this point? Yeah, No kidding. You know, you had mentioned something earlier about having to, we're gonna do a life story by the way, but we're getting in the weeds a little bit too early. But, but I don't wanna forget this. You, so you had to simul simultaneously start a, a lobbying company. Yes. What, What is a lobbying company? It is a company that knows how to navigate Capitol Hill and the admiralty within the, the senior leaders within the Navy.


So anytime you're looking at influencing defense acquisitions, there's a few different buckets of, of folks you need to influence without getting too far in the weeds. One's the war fighters. Two are the senior leaders in the military, and three is Congress because Congress decides the budget. So what that means is you just walk through it. One, you have to go to the war fighters and say, look, we actually have the best products and solutions. The these things are gonna save your lives. These, these are the things you want to use tactically in the field. You can trust them, you can rely on them. And you have the war fighter, the actual war fighter say, yes, okay, those are the best products.


Right? Then you have to go to the senior leaders and really align on are those products solving strategic initiatives of the Pentagon. And really in order to get attention, and you know this from the themes, and I'll use a a silly example to articulate this, but it, it has to be, oh shit, we're screwed if we don't do this type of strategic initiative. It's not just, oh, we can do this better or there's a slightly better solution. It has to be not only 10 x better, probably a hundred x better, but also we can't keep things in the status quo.


I would do anything to protect my family, but there's always that one worry in the back of my head if I have to use my firearm in self-defense who's got my back. The truth is, the justice system isn't always just, I've uncovered story after story of corruption. Good Americans who did the right thing defended their families and yet still had their lives turned upside down. And that's why I joined U-S-C-C-A. The US Concealed Carry Association. They've helped thousands of responsible gun owners with legal preparedness, training and support before and after a self-defense incident. If you've watched my channel long enough, you know, I've always said preparedness is more than just training and gear. It's a mindset. And because crime is on the rise in America, which we can all see, you'll need more than just a gun. To protect yourself, you'll need a plan. Go to US cca.com/ss right now to learn more. That's us cc.com/ss and see how a membership can give you and your family that peace of mind you've been looking for before, during, and after a self-defense situation. Once again, that's us cca.com/ss. Do it.


Do you ever feel like your personal information shows up everywhere online? That's because of data brokers, real companies that collect your personal details without your consent and sell them to the highest bidder. That's why I am so glad I found Aura. Aura finds data broker sites that are selling your personal information and automatically submits opt-out requests on your behalf. Then they continuously monitor to help make sure your data remains safe off of those sites. Aura is a full digital security suite and you're backed by up to $5 million in identity theft insurance and 24 7 access to US based fraud experts. For a limited time Aura is offering our listeners a 14 day trial when you visit aura.com/ss. That's enough time for Aura to start scrubbing your personal info off these data broker websites. That's aura.com/ss to sign up for a 14 day free trial and start protecting you and your loved ones. That's a UR a.com/ss. Certain terms apply, so be sure to check the site for details.


And the example I always use is you, we used in bidders, in the SEAL teams, they were the radios that we carried in our gear. They were the size of a brick, they weighed five pounds, they had to be rated for all these different things we're in the middle of Iraq and Afghanistan. This had to be rated to dive to 50 meters. And I could, it always stuck me. And then I'd go back to my hunt and we have an iPhone and I'm like, there's, there's a technological gap there. And I'm, and I'm not saying we should carry iPhones on ops, but certainly there's a better radio than this thing that was built in 1970. Yeah. But because it still worked and there wasn't a, we're screwed, if we change, don't change it, it really didn't drive change.


So if you're solving very important strategic initiatives of the senior leaders that are critical to their mission, along with getting the buy-in from the war fighters, you can then go to Congress and say, Congress, we have the buy-in from the war fighters. And we have the senior admirals that are not only saying we need this as a strategic initiative, but are also writing requirements and going through their whole process to say, we need to adopt this into, in our case it's the fleet or we're actually working, we're trying to work with the Army and the Marine Corps and everything else. You can then go to Congress and then lobby for budget and say, look, the military needs this.


They're saying they want it. Can we appropriate money so that they can actually buy it? And if you have buy-in of those three groups, then you go and work with the program officers and the contracting officers and you see if you can actually get a deal done. But that's, we had to understand how to navigate that ecosystem in parallel to building the best technology. 'cause if we built the, the best technology and we weren't working on all of this, that again is a three to five year process. It means you build the technology one, two years and then you start the process. Now you're five to seven years down the road and you can't afford those types of time lapses.


So we had to do both of those things in parallel. And I mean, I was, I, I was on Capitol Hill two weeks after we started the company with PowerPoint slides of an electric surfboard with a quadcopter on top of it. And this was just a, an image and a picture that I, I'll say I kind of just made up and I was like, went to artists render. I'm like, go make this real, make this look cool. It wasn't our actual product yet. But it was a way to start telling the story of, hey, this is the future of the Navy.


It's a treatable autonomous platforms built very economically and very large scale. And this is what we need and why. And I started telling that story on day one as our engineers were figuring out, talking to customers both within the military and actually commercial customers as well. We can talk about the commercial market and why that's important. It, it's really important to make sure that you're building for a wide array of customers so that then the military can have the best products with a reliable supply chain that can be built economically. You build it so specific for the government, it becomes very bespoke and then you can't build enough of 'em. So then they don't get what they want anyway.


So we built for a variety of military and commercial customers upfront, completely mod modular platforms that could be adapted to a variety of uses and missions. But the whole point is you had to do that in, you had to do that in parallel. And so I'm taking this slide deck and I'm walking around Capitol Hill saying, this is the future of the Navy. And at the time it was electric surfboard. I'm like, okay. It wasn't quite the future of the Navy, but it got people's attention. It got us started. And then our engineers worked with those variety of customers to understand, okay, what, where's that intersection? Right? What's actually needed?


What are the most important things in terms of range payload capacity, power, supply, mission sets, payloads. And then, and then don't tell me what you want. Don't tell me what you want me to build. You. Just let me understand your problems and then we will build the most efficient solution. And one of the things we did very early on to start actually understanding that was we signed a contract with the Navy within 90 days of starting the company. It was with the Naval Postgraduate School. It was a cooperative research and development agreement. So completely unpaid. But we knew we needed access to the customer. We knew we had to have those conversations.


'cause the last thing we wanted to do was build a product in a black box and then two years later, like, yeah, okay, whatever it goes 50 miles, I needed to go a hundred. Who cares? Yeah. Yeah. I'll bet the, I'll bet the pushback, the least amount of pushback is the war fighters and then the flag officers and then congress. And I'd be willing to bet that none of these entities talk to each other. Maybe the flag officers and the war fighters, but probably very limited. Am I on? Am I I mean It, it's, it's starting to come together. I I think the important part in understanding the senior leaders is there's actually a bifurcation where there's two splits within the military and within the services, and we'll just use the Navy as an example.


There's the war fighter, there's the combatant commands. So Indo Paycom, ucom, northcom, africom, centcom, those are the admirals in charge of fighting combat engagements in those theaters. And then there's admirals that are in charge of man training, equipping. Those are two completely separate structures and entities. So when this admiral says, I want this to fight with, there has to be a, another admiral that goes through the same process, takes those inputs from all the different senior leaders, writes requirements, goes through the procurement cycle.


I feel like you would move much faster if the people that are sitting in the seat fighting the battles are saying, no, I'm just gonna buy this. And then they just, they're able to buy it when they need it. But the, again, it's, and it's not, I, I think the admirals are aligned in both of those structures. There's just, there's just the process. The war fighters know what they need because they live it every day. And then Congress, I'll actually give congress credit First time I've ever heard that. Yeah. I'm gonna give, I'm gonna give everybody credit. I'm gonna give a a a lot of credit to the co to military Congress. People are moving.


Right. Again, you're trying to steer a massive cruise ship. It takes a lot of people to, to try to turn that rudder. Yeah. Right. But Congress, what, what the Navy was doing before we started Ciran, and I'll talk about this in the founding story and why we started the company, but there was a lot of research and experimentation and there wasn't adoption at scale. And there's fundamental reasons why there wasn't adoption at scale. And one of those reasons was Saric or another company could, like Saric didn't exist and there wasn't another company that could actually build that scale.


But Congress was looking at the Navy and actually saying, Hey, we've been researching for a decade, we need to adopt, like get going, let's do this. So you had different areas pushing on the same problem. And that's, that's really what you need. That's good. When, when you're, when you're dealing with Congress, I mean, you know, all we see is the media and all this other shit. And so I'm just curious, is this, is this a bipartisan initiative? Totally. Man. That's Good. Totally. I mean, when you think about, I mean, 2022, we were getting traction and there was a democratic administration, right?


And the then sec Deputy Secretary of Defense, Kathleen Hicks announced replicator program under that started under Biden. And that was, Hey, not only are we gonna go buy thousands of drones, we're gonna go buy 'em over the next 18 to 24 months. And that was the first thing that I've seen in a really long time where the government has moved quickly. I tell, I'm like, look, this is the fastest I've ever seen the government move with anything that should one really excite you as an entrepreneur, play at our company, like the opportunity ahead.


But two, it should, it should scare the shit outta you a little bit. I was, I knew you were gonna say that. Hey, Because I'm looking around. You're Like, oh, this problem, everybody's thinking about this. No, It's crazy. It's crazy. I mean, I've talked to four star admirals and this was when we were 12 or 18 months old. And I just, I'm like, sir or ma'am, like I know, I know it sounds crazy to you that an 18 month old company is sitting here telling you, we are the only company that can solve this problem for the Navy. Doesn't it? It sounds crazy. 'cause it is crazy, but it doesn't mean it's not true.


Man. Man. Well, got a couple things to knock out here before we get into your life story. Everybody gets a gift. Oh, amazing. Vigilance league, gummy bears legal in all 50 states made here in the us No funny business. My kids are gonna crush this, by the Way. Oh, we'll give you some extra ones for the kids. Awesome. And then secondly, we have, I have a Patreon account. It's a subscription account. We've turned it into quite the community. They were here when I was doing this in my attic. And you know, now we have this studio, we're building another studio and, and they've just been here with me the whole time. So one of the things that I do is I offer the community the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question.


And so this is from Richard Beamer. Is there going to be a market for autonomous surface vehicles in the public sector? What is the timeline for widespread consumer adoption in the marketplace? There certainly is going to be a very large market public sector, meaning government and military. And I'll talk about government and maybe you mean private sector as well, because we're looking at commercial applications as well as defense and military. And so when you talk about defense, you know, we, we hit on it, right? The navy has to go in this direction. We're, we're not gonna maintain naval superiority without autonomous surface vessels.


But when you talk about commercial applications, there's, there's a ton of commercial applications that we are focused on very deeply. And, and it starts with, and I'll kind of bifurcate 'em into two segments. One is the small autonomous surface vessels and, and the other ones, the larger ones that we're getting into now. So we started out building small autonomous boats. So right now our, our largest platform's, 24 feet, which is, think of a full size speedboat. We are moving up to a 40 and 60 foot full size speedboat, but we're also building 150 foot autonomous cargo ship Wow.


That can be used for military and commercial applications. And we're building that now. Wow. So when you think about commercial, like there's port and harbor security, there's coast guard, there's critical infrastructure. If you just talk about how our, you know, how our critical infrastructure that's on a, on the coast right now is protected. It's quite scary. There's a, there's a buoy that says keep out. Oh man. So we won't even get into all that, but there's a lot We Probably will soon. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But there's a lot of commercial applications that we're building towards on our small vessels.


Now on the larger vessels, you're talking about cargo shipping, right? Why is the commercial market so important for the military? Because logistics, well, not just logistics, but if you think about just capacity, this is what, this is why we get into, when you build bespoke military system, and look, some systems have to be bespoke for the military. What do you mean By what is, what is bespoke? Like an F 30 five's only ever gonna be sold to the Navy and the Air Force. It's only military. Right. But when you talk about ships, the most important thing is ship building capacity.


So the Navy only needs X number of ships during peace time, but during a conflict that goes to 10 x or 20 x or more. So if you look at what China has done, look, they're outbuilding the Navy, the US Navy in terms of combatant ships three x to one. Right? I can, we will go through all the, the stats on the Chinese fleet and the US fleet and kind of what all that looks like when we talk Ciran. But they're outbuilding on just a military capacity today, three x to one. But they actually have 230 times our shipbuilding capacity.


They have 5,000, over 5,000 commercially flagged vessels when the US has less than a hundred. So could you Say that again? Over 5,000 commercially flagged vessels to the US having less than a hundred. So now go back to the World War II example, and let me ask you this question. You have 230 times the ship building capacity. Only a portion of that shipbuilding capacity is being used for military and defense. The rest is commercial. What do you think happens to all of that commercial capacity when the first shot's fired?


It's done, It gets converted to defense. I mean, just, just to play devil's advocate just a little bit here, because the first thing that pops in my head, did you say 35,000 to 100? Was that the numbers For, For shipbuilding capacity? 230 to one, 230 to One. So, so the numbers are the Chinese can build and the, the tur, the, the statistic in the industry is gross tonnage. It's kind of this weird measure of volume. The, the Chinese can build 23 million gross tons of ships every year. The United States can build 100,000. And These are, these are commercial and Military, these are commercial ships, these are large cargo containers, these are military ships, these are destroyers, these are aircraft carriers.


These are everything. So I I, I think, you know, when you say that, it's scary, it scares the hell outta me. At the same time I think about, you know, not to give our government credit, I would never do that. But, but I mean, China is a major exporter, right? And so the US is not a major exporter. So I mean, they would need a lot more ships just for all the exporting that they do. Correct. Or am I off on that? You're not off on that. They, they do need more ships. But if you look at why they've been building out their capacity and how they've been doing it, they've been subsidizing it from the government, undercutting everybody on price and doing it for a very, very strategic reason.


25 years ago, they had 5% of the world's global shipbuilding capacity. Wow. 25 years ago. Today they have 50%, 50% at were At 0.5%. We're at 0.1%. That means if you get every single country in the world that builds ships all lined up against China, you're just at parity. Holy shit. So you better rethink this problem. You better start thinking about autonomy and how to build things differently. Wow. This goes back to like, you don't want to go head to head on just a purely, let's go see who can build more destroyers. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Well, Dino, let's, let's get into some of your life story here. So we always start with where did you grow up?


So, grew up in New Jersey, down down the Jersey Shore. I like to say everybody that that's seen the TV show, it kind of gives it a bad rap, but great, great, great place to grow up. About an hour south of New York. You know, my dad had immigrated from Greece. My grandfather actually left him and five kids and my grandmother in Greece for three. It's a phenomenal story. For three years back in the fifties, came over, didn't speak a word of English, came to America. He was a, a busboy in the United Nations for three years while he learned English and saved up enough money to bring my dad's family over from Greece to America.


The move to Perth Amboy, which is sort of an inner city up by New York and grew up there as Greek families in New Jersey. Do they, they opened a diner. My grandfather opened a diner, kind of built that business, built other businesses, saved money, moved the family out into the suburbs, opened a restaurant there. And that's where I grew up. And I kind of grew up in the restaurant business. Right. That was, that was, that was the center of the family. You know, I started working there when I was 12 years old, washing dishes and busing tables. And you know, one, it taught me the value of a dollar.


It taught me hard work and commitment, but it also, if I'm being honest, it kept me outta trouble. Right. It was nights, weekends, holidays, everything. I was working at the restaurant. And after work, we'd go back to grandma's house. And that was, whether it was Thanksgiving dinner or Christmas dinner, you know, we'd all be working as a family and then we'd all go back to my grandma's house and, and celebrate the holiday. And that was, that was a big part of my life growing up. So you stayed out of trouble For the most part. I had work and yeah, I never really got in trouble. I mean, I never got in legal trouble.


My parents thought I was a pa If you talk to some adults and, and so I actually met my wife when I was 13 years old. Oh Man. That's good at, at Greek Orthodox Church. And Greek Orthodox Church in New Jersey is sort of like a high school it basketball teams and volleyball teams and everything else. So when you say trouble, it's all relative. Right. I like to tell this really funny version of the story where my wife had a huge crush on me the moment she saw me, but she's not here to defend herself. And I'll get in way, way too much trouble if I tell that version here. So I'll, I'll kind of give the truth. But yeah, so I had this huge crush on her.


So her parents knew me when I was 13 years old and they thought I was the biggest pain in the ass. And I was always talking back to grownups. And so when we ended up going on our first date, I think it was 10 years later, 10 years Later. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You Didn't make the move for a decade. It took me a while, man. It took me a while. She was, she was way too cool for me. We were, we were friends. I was stuck in the friend zone for a while. We went to the same college, went to school at Rutgers, and then after the SEAL teams, we ended up reconnecting. We started dating, and as you can imagine, it was, it was hard to build a relationship. It was like, hey, like great reconnecting great.


I love this date. And, and yeah, I have to go to Iraq for six months. She's like, what? Oh, so you meant while you, you made the move while you were in the SEAL Teams? While I was in the SEAL teams. Yeah. And then I like to tease her about like, oh, okay, so you finally said yes after I became a team guy. But no, we've been married, we're going on 13 years now. We have two kids that are 10 and nine. And I, I tell her all the time, and probably not nearly enough that, you know, her job is much harder than mine. I could never sit at home, wonder where my significant other was, whether they're gonna call me back in eight hours or 12 hours or 24 hours or never.


Right. And so the support system from the family and the support that she gave me throughout my career was, I wouldn't have been able to do it without her. And still to this day, like she supported me through business school. She supported me through Vista and private, and we'll get into the kind of career stuff. And then supporting Nik, just, I couldn't do it without her. Sounds Like an amazing woman. She's, She's absolutely incredible. Our kids are incredible. And it's just, if I'm not working, I'm with them. Full-time mom. Full-time mom. That awesome man. She had a phenomenal career before, before switching and, and becoming a full-time mom and staying at home.


And it's funny, we, I'll come back to that 'cause I'll get into the story and kind of like when we founded Ciran and everything, but going back to kind of the, the childhood stuff, the whole point with the generally stayed outta trouble. But my wife's parents thought I was a huge pain in the ass. So when I, when when she brought me home for the first time, they were really confused, but over time were very close and their, their story's just as amazing, right? My wife was born in Greece, her parents grew up there. They came over to the United States without a dollar in their pocket when they were 20 years old.


They worked hard, saved my, my wife grew poor. And so their parents worked hard, saved my, I mean, it's the American dream. It's, it's literally the American dream. So I got to, I got to see that growing up and like live with that. The other thing I did was I played a bunch of sports. So if I wasn't working, I was playing sports. And I got really into basketball at a young age. And I use sports now with my kids to kind of teach lessons. I don't actually care how good they are at the sport, but one of the most important lessons I learned was my freshman year in high school through basketball.


And I was going to this kinda one of the, one of the more elite high schools for basketball in New Jersey. They had a great team, a great program. Half of the people that come out of that high school go to D one. And so as a freshman, I was really, I was intimidated. I was kind of okay, I was good. I made the, I was on the freshman team. I was good enough to get into the program, but I wasn't a, a star in the program. And so I was looking at that and I've actually like never told this story. This is, and think about how much this impacted. This is 30 years ago.


So I was looking at where I was in relation to the rest of the group and so much of my identity was tied up in that sport that I was terrified of not making it the next year. And so I quit really, I quit. I finished out the year, I made up some excuse of why I wanted to go to a different high school. I went to a subpar high school where I ended up being a subpar basketball player. I struggled for the next three years in the sport. I struggled. And I just never recovered from that decision. Right? I went to college, I tried to play basketball.


Like I didn't want to give up though. So I went to college. Think about this. I go to college and while everybody else is partying, my freshman and sophomore year, I was getting up at five o'clock in the morning lifting weights, running, shooting a thousand shots every day, like doing the things that I thought would help me make the team in college. But because I didn't have the coaching and the development and all the reps at a super high level, I could just never make up for that. So, and this is what terrifies me about parenthood too. It's like I never, like I made a like that taught me that it's never worth it to quit. Like that's what drove into me.


Like I'll never quit at any, I might not make it, but I'm not quitting. And if it wasn't for that experience and I had to live that for not long, like I had to live that for years. And again, like still telling the story, like that's still ipa. Like I still think about it, right? That's how impactful it was to me growing up. And I look at my kids and I'm like, I just wanna teach you all the lessons I have. But I know, I know. Like, you're gonna have to go live it. You're just gonna have to live it. You're gonna have to feel the pain, you're gonna have to go through the things. And I'm gonna teach you things along the way, obviously.


But there's some things, the most important lessons you're going to learn are gonna be through failure. And that's okay. And I'm just here to support you. Do you think that that basketball story is what drove you to make it into the SEAL teams to make it into development group all the way up to what you're doing now and and finding all the success that, that you've amassed in Ciran? I think, I think it's what gave me the, the perspective to be successful a hundred percent. Not just the, not just the physical ability to make it through bud s but also the, the mental ability to make it and look, to be clear, I never, I never thought about joining the military.


It was never on my list of things to do. I had never even met anyone in the military before I joined. Wow. So, wow. It was pretty crazy. Nine 11 was my junior year of college. I remember sitting in the gym watching the tv, the entire gym kind of just came over. Nobody was working out anymore. And there were rows of TVs and everybody was just glued to them. And nobody knew it was happening. Like the first plane hit the tower. Everybody was like, I, I remember my thought like, what idiot flew their plane into a building in the middle of New York?


'cause it was just so crazy to think that this was actually a terrorist attack. And then the second plane hit, you're like, oh, something's happening. And being from New Jersey, you're, everybody's kinda like one or two degrees of separation away from somebody that was like, really, really affected. My wife was working in New York at the time. She actually caught the last train out of the city before they shut the trains down. She watched the second tower come down from the train. Wow. The person she was sitting, I don I, this story's creepy. She was sitting next to, I forget the person's role, but they were like an architect or somebody that designed the towers.


And she's sitting next to this person on the train and he goes to her, that building's gonna come down and sure shit, they come outta the tunnel, whatever, and they watch it come down. Holy shit. So it was, it had a really large impact on the way I thought about the world. You know, one of my other good friends at the time, I haven't talked to him in 20 years, but really close friend in high school, his dad worked for the Port Authority Police and he was at a meeting and they didn't hear from him for 48 hours. So think about that. My buddy's sitting there, I, I'll never forget this, 48 hours, I think he smoked two cartons of cigarettes and drank like two bottles of Jack Daniels just waiting to hear from, from his dad.


And then 48 hours, 48 hours the phone rings. He was okay. But think about what those two days could have been like. Yeah. Like, no kidding. So, and then think about all the people that, that weren't, okay. So that's what drove me to really want to join the military. You know, I was a computer engineer in college. My, my whole goal in college was to find a career that wasn't working in the restaurant, right? So I was studying computer engineering. I thought I was gonna go into cyber and network security. I was writing code in a computer lab and I just kept looking in the mirror and asking myself like, what impact am I having on the world?


What can I go do about everything that's happening right now? And I had no idea what that meant. It's like, I wanna go have an impact on the global war on terror. How do you do that? So I started to talk to people. I went and I, I I'll, I went to these career days. I started with federal agencies, so F-B-I-D-E-A, I'm like, what are these things all about? I go to this FBI career day Best Navy blue suit I could find as a college student on I'm, I'm ready to go. Like I want to do HRT or technical operations.


I really want to get into it. I'm pretty athletic guy. Like, oh, this is what I wanna learn. And he just look at me like I have three heads. Like how, what? Why, what's your background? I'm like, oh, I grew up in a restaurant and I played basketball. And they're like, you need military experience. And so I was, okay, well what's military experience look like? So I start walking into recruiter's offices and I go to the Army recruiter and I go to the Air Force and I walk in this naval recruiter office recruiting office in a strip mall in New Jersey. And I say, you know, I wanna do tactical operations.


He's like, oh, let me tell you about the Seal T, why don't you just sign right? I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not ready to sign. I just wanna learn. And this Navy recruiter introduces me to this retired frog man from Vietnam era. Gives me his phone number and he goes, call this guy. He'll tell you all about the seals. I, So I call this guy up and I'm like, Hey, you know, so-and-so recruiter tells me, he told me to call you. Like, I'm trying to learn about the seals. He's like, oh yeah, come on over. He's like, wear, wear some Cammy pants and some boots and we're gonna go for a run. And I'd love to tell you about the seals.


This is true. This, this is true, by the way. So I get to his house, it's January in New Jersey. Never met this guy before. All I wanna do is learn about the seals. He's like, let's go for a run. He has fins in a mask with him. I'm like, maybe it's just a seal thing. Maybe you just always run. Maybe you just always run with fins in a mask. He runs me down to the Atlantic Ocean in January in New Jersey and hands me the fins in the mask and he goes, go, go swim out to the end of the jetty and back. And I'm standing there on the beach and I'm looking at the ocean and I have a decision to make.


And I'm just like, okay. So I take the fins, the mask, I swim out to the jetty, I come back in. Only time in my life bud's everything. Only time in my life I got legitimate hypothermia, legitimate. I went back to his house, he put a blanket on me, I'm shivering. His wife's bringing me chicken noodle soup. And he's like, okay, now I'll tell you about the SEAL teams. Wow, that's cool. Yeah. And that's how I got introduced to the Seals. There was a recruiting platform in, I was based outta Long Island. It was ran by a retired captain, a guy named Drew bi. And he just put together a network of seals, or retired seals from Connecticut, New York, New Jersey.


And once a month everybody would just go and meet up and there would be all these recruits that want to be seals that would go and train for the day and then get mentored by these retired seals. So I ended up going to that a few times and I was like, you know what? This is, this is exactly what I want to do. This is how I had the impact, culture, mission, impact, everything was there and finished college. Got my degree in 2003, and I enlisted the day I graduated. Wow. What a, what a career change there. Yeah. I mean, it was pretty bold. My mom, I, my parents had no idea what I was even taught. They were like, the what?


Like you did What, you know, we're gonna take a break here, but you and I met a couple weeks ago, I think now. Yeah. On a trip that Joe Lonsdale had put together. And you had mentioned, this is kind of going back to the basketball thing that you were talking about, and your dad sounds like you're a phenomenal father. And you had told me that, I believe it's your daughter is really into gymnastics. Yep. And wanted to be the best. And, and you told me what you told her. It takes to be the best. And I still remember when my kids are of age, I'm going to steal that and, and use it.


But I-W-I-W-I, I, I just think that's like really good parenting advice. So could you, could you walk us through that? A hundred percent. And so my daughter, for the listeners, my daughter's nine years old. She's been into gymnastics since she's three. It's nothing we pushed her towards. We, I mean, candidly, my wife, my kids are 15 months apart. So when they were three years old, we took 'em to gymnastics 'cause there was a trampoline, something to bounce on, on a Saturday afternoon. And through that, she just fell in love with the sport and has become really good at it. To where now my wife and I are like, okay, do we, do we make this investment?


Do we homeschool? Do we drive her an hour and a half to a gym that can train her at the level in which she needs to be trained at? If she wants to go to the Olympics, which is, that's her goal. So this my dog again, who's nine, says, you know, I wanna go to the Olympics. I'm like, okay, well here's what we're gonna do. We are gonna homeschool, we're gonna drive to the gymnastics gym, we're gonna do all of these things for you. But is that really what you want? Or do you just want to be good at gymnastics and have fun? Do you want to go to a division one school and be a really good gymnast and have fun with the sport?


Or do you want to go to the Olympics, which is, there's four girls on the Olympics team, which one do you want? She goes, I want to go to the Olympics. Okay, lemme tell you what that takes. Every day we're gonna get up in the morning, we're gonna drive an hour and a half to the gym. You're gonna train for four and a half hours. You're gonna come home, you're gonna stretch, you're gonna ice, you're going to eat the right way. You can do all the things you have to do. You're gonna do your schoolwork because you still have to go to school. We're just gonna homeschool so we can build in the flexibility. And then you're gonna get up the next day and you're do it again.


And if you do that every single day for 10 years, maybe just maybe you'll have a chance. And to her credit, no, again, she's nine. She looked at me dead in the eyes and said, great, let's go. Wow, that's awesome. So do you guys homeschool? We're gonna homeschool. We're gonna start this year. And my wife's my wife and i's philosophy is like, look, if they find something that they're really gonna pour their energy into like that, we're gonna invest in it. That's what I want to do. I'm not teaching my kid how to be a good gymnast.


I'm teaching my kid how to change the world. I'm telling her that no matter what she puts her mind to, she can go after it. But this is how you go after it. And whether she makes it Olympic team or not, like it's not, I don't know. I don't know if she's good enough to be in the Olympics, but I'm not gonna be the one as her parent that says, no way. That's not possible. There's only four girls in the country. The world will tell her where her level is and where she tops out at. And look, if in two or three years she decides that this isn't for her, that's okay too. But if she's gonna give that level of effort into it, we're gonna invest behind it and we're gonna encourage her to go be the best she can be.


That's amazing, man. That's, I just feel like that's great advice for all parents. But let's take a quick break. Yeah. When we come back, we'll get into your military career. Awesome.


Ask 10 people to define the word capitalism. This subject comes up all the time, but do you know what it means? Find out with Understanding Capitalism. A free online course from Hillsdale College. They offer more than 40 free online courses. You can learn about the United States Constitution or even the history of the ancient Christian Church. Hillsdale recently launched a new course Understanding Capitalism that I've been watching. In seven lectures, you'll learn about the role of profit and loss, how human nature plays a role in our economic system. Why capitalism depends on private property rights, the rule of law, and above all, freedom. I believe all Americans should learn more about economics. Understanding these concepts can make you more informed and even help you grow your own business. Go right now to hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll in this course. Understanding Capitalism, there's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu/ss to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/srs.


Securing my family's financial future is always a top priority of mine. And I wanna make sure they can be protected when I'm not there to provide for them anymore. Every parent knows that planning for the unexpected is part of making sure your family is taken care of and it's not something you wanna wait around to do. The time to get life insurance is now. That's where Fabric by Gerber Life and a term life insurance policy for you comes in Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done today. Made for busy parents like you all online and on your schedule, you could be covered and under 10 minutes with no health exam required. Fabric has flexible high quality policies that fit your family and your budget. Like $1 million in coverage for less than a dollar a day. Join the thousands of parents who trust Fabric to help protect their family. Apply today and just minutes at meet Fabric dot com slash sean. That's meet Fabric dot com slash sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health.


All right, Dina, we're back from the break. We're getting ready to pick up on some of your military career. And so 2003 graduate college, you go right into Buds. Correct. Go Right into buds. I enlist the day I graduated. Well, back then you had to go, you obviously went through bootcamp. It was enlisted and then a school, which is, Hey, what are you gonna do in the Navy if you don't make it through buds? This since changed and they changed it a number of times. But I went to school, I learned how to be a radar technician. Here's how you read the radar. I couldn't tell you. Wait, What were, were you in os os Oh shit. That's what I was, were you, That's funny.


I I still remember a school. It was down in Dam Neck, so location of development group or, or team six. And you see all these guys running down the beach and in a school you're like, who are those Guys? So did that. So it took me about six months to get out the buds. So I showed up to Buds and it was December-ish timeframe. And again, remember, I don't know any, I didn't know San Diego in December was cold. I didn't know anything about a winter hell week. So, but I mean, buds is, I mean, you know, it, it's just a grind, right? It's six months every single day. Can you get up at five o'clock in the morning? Can you go till nine o'clock at night?


Can you go through and do all the things you have to do? Be cold, wet, Sandy, carry this, do that, keep going and just do it every day. There's only, there's, there's two moments where I didn't think I was gonna make it. And those were the two moments where I think I learned the most. The first one was hell week, hell week started February, I forget the exact date, but it was like the first week of February. It was Super Bowl Sunday it year, and the air temp was 50 degrees and the water temp was 50 degrees. And it rained three days, a three days outta that week it was.


So they come in Sunday night, you know, break out and hell week starts. And for everybody that's listening to hell week's, the fourth week of seal training where you basically stay up for five days straight, no sleep, and you do the first four weeks in a week, all crammed in. So Sunday night, and then you start carrying boats on your head and you start carrying logs and you're in the ocean freezing. You're doing all these things. I'll never forget, I get to Monday afternoon and for whatever reason I decided to wear a watch or I had a watch on my wrist and I look at my watch and it's like four 30.


And I just think to myself, I like these, these, these motherfuckers are crazy, crazy. Like they want me to go until Friday. And I didn't, I didn't think about quitting, but I physically thought I couldn't make it by Monday afternoon. I thought my legs were broken. Not even 24 hours. Not even 24 hours. I thought, like, I literally thought, I believed in my head that my legs were broken, like right in the middle of my shins. Not shin splints, not anything. I'm like, they're broken.


I'm going to take a step one of these times and it's just gonna go and give way. And I remember thinking all this stuff and I'm sitting there at, at chow or where they're feeding us dinner. And I just remember one of the instructors going, Hey, do not quit at chow. Your entire body's gonna shut down. You're gonna feel like you can't go on. Just get up, take two more steps and then if you want to quit, quit. So I looked to the, looked to my buddy next to me who ended up making it as well. I, he probably doesn't even remember this story, but I look to him and I go, Hey, when they say let's go, don't ask me any questions.


Don't say, are you ready? Don't do anything. Just can you gimme your hand and pull me up. That's it. And so they said, time to go. He stood up, gave me his hand, pulled me up, took two steps, never thought about it again. No kidding. It was like a light switch now it still hurt. But that thought of, Hey, I can't make it went away. And I just turned into the whatever. What was, I mean, I had a similar, I had a very similar moment, right about the same timeframe. What kept, 'cause it sucks. It's hard. Oh, It's terrible. I was, I was like 18 at the time and yeah, it was the, it was the next night.


And I, I, I was, I was like, man, that bell's looking pretty good. Think I'm gonna ring it a hot meal. Sounds amazing. And, and I remember telling somebody that I wanted to quit and he slapped me. And then the only thought that, which I didn't care, but the only thing that really kept me going was I just didn't want to call my dad and tell him that I had failed. What, what was it? Does this go back to the basketball thing for you or maybe A little bit. I, to be honest, I never really wanted to quit.


I just didn't think I was gonna make it. You know, there were people, and, and I remember this, and you probably remember this too, where the instructor's saying, okay, well time to go get back in the ocean and freeze your ass off for 15 minutes. And I remember people looking at me and saying, screw this. I got better things to do right now. Literally. Yeah. I have better things that I could be doing right now. And for me, I didn't like, that's where I want, I wanted to be there, I wanted to make it. And I did not want to go chip paint on the ship for four years.


Yeah. Which is the alternative. But it's just, it was just a question of if, if I could, and getting up and taking those two steps after again, like I thought my legs were like literally broken that told me I could. And then fast forward I hell week of all the stupid things to get to have trouble with. Drown proofing, Drown proofing, Drown proofing. You Had, you were, I could not float. So I, I'll kind of again describe it for the listeners a little bit. So this is when you get your hands tied behind your back, your feet tied together, you're thrown in the deep end of the pool and it's, I think 15 feet deep and you have to sink to the bottom.


Jump off the top, jump back up to the top, you bob up and down for five minutes. You float for five minutes, you swim across the pool, swim back, and then you're done. I fundamentally could not float. No kidding. I would sit there and I would just watch my body go like this and all the way down and I'm like, I'm gonna drown. Like I just can't do it. And I ended up getting rolled for it. So I, I failed during, on test day I failed. And I put work into it is Drown proofing pre hell week or After it's, so at least the final one is they give you a couple chances.


I know the final one's post hell week because I went through hell week. I went right up to the last day of first phase and ended up failing this, failing this test. And you know, I'd worked at it and I'd gotten it before. But this really taught me, this is one of the lessons of, you know, the difference between, and I talk about this, the difference between an amateur and a professional and goes back to my daughter's like an amateur does something until they get it right. And professional is gonna do it until they can't get it wrong. And when it's test day, you want to have that level of confidence going in. 'cause if you're just barely scraping by on your own and getting it right, you're not gonna get it on test day or when it matters.


Or more importantly, when bullets start flying or there's real pressure around. So I had to go in front of the seal board, I had to go and say like, here's why you shouldn't kick me outta buds. Like it was a really shitty place to be. And Dan say, okay, we're gonna give you a couple more months. Keep working on it, whatever. And it was one instructor, one person is the only reason I made it. He goes, Hey, he was the, the OI see at first phase, he's like, run over the pool right Now, I'm gonna meet you there. He's like, I had that same exact problem, I'm gonna show you how to do it.


Wow. So he saw something in you. So we went over there, he's like, you need to stop trying to float and you need to rock your body up to the top. Everybody else floats. You rock. And you could tie my hands behind my back right now and go throw me in the water. I could do that for 20 minutes. So it was just getting that to click and it was one person that taught it to me. Wow. Wow. You know, I Did you have any type of imposter syndrome going through? I mean, I just, for ex I remember showing up at 18, I was probably a buck 40 soaking wet.


Yeah. And I remember all of the people that would, we had like 240 something people at the beginning. And I remember seeing in, in, there was another class going through hell week at the time, 2, 3, 9. And I just, I remember seeing just gargantuan men quitting guys that had come from Marine special operations and, and Olympic level water polo players. And I'm just like, watching 'em quit. And I'm like, holy shit. Like I did high school wrestling and these guys, this guy's already been to war and back and It was crazy. He quit. It was crazy. I mean, the, the instructors, our first day they pulled up the list of here are the fastest runners and the fastest swimmers and the fa and they go, who's number one?


Okay, don't take this personally, you're gonna quit. Don't Care. You're gonna quit every class. And it was, I was like, wow. Yeah, it was, it was incredible to see. I mean, and then the other thing was like just how important youth was, right? We had this one person that was probably in the best shape outta anybody but 33 years old. And his body just could not recover at the speed of a 22 or an 18-year-old. And I think 18, I wouldn't have made it. I would've made it. I had to have those other life experiences.


I had to really put work into basketball the way that I did in college. I had to fail at that. I had to have the mental strength, the perspective of I don't ever wanna quit at anything. Again, if that wasn't in my brain, I wouldn't have made it. What did it feel like you, for you to graduate? It felt really good. Obviously you, you made something, but it was very, it's short-lived. It's okay, you made it. Now go to your team and you're a new guy and now get ready to go combat, right? So I left Buds and I went to an SDV team.


So SDV team two, which is based in Virginia Beach seal delivery vehicle. So it specialize in, it's like a miniature submarine. You have two seals in the front that are drivers four in the back that are being transported. And you spend a lot of your time learning how to pilot and navigate and do this thing on this mini sub. Why I chose Virginia Beach and not Hawaii. And we were doing eight hour dives in the Chesapeake in the middle of February is in a seven mill wetsuit was I guess beyond me. But that's where I was. And honestly, the, each step of my career Was exactly where I needed to be.


The team that I went to, even though we were working on diving and look, you could say, okay, we're in the middle of Iraq and Afghanistan, there's no water. Like, why do we have to work on this? So there was some sort of disconnect there on the mission, but the team, the individuals, the platoon I was in was so strong. I think 50% of our team ended up going to team six. Wow. Which is incredible. And we all just trained together, worked together, like pushed each other for this next, and I, I still didn't really even know what Team Six was. Like, it was just as a new guy getting the SDV team, I'm like, man, it's just kind of this thing.


And I thought when I went into the teams, like again, I didn't know what military was. I was like, I'm gonna do four years. I'm gonna do my service and I'm gonna get out my very first deployment, so it was I think 18 months or two years in, I leave team, I leave the SDV team, I go over to team two and I augment team six. So that, that means like, you're not at Team six, but you're, it's like if you're a college basketball player, getting to go train with the New York Knicks for a couple months. And that's what it felt like too. And so I go on this deployment and I show up, and this is, I show up the very first day I didn't even meet anybody.


They're all in the team. They're all in the team room. And they're briefing this op and the person that picked me up from the airfield walks me into the team room. And I kind of just slide in and I'm looking around the table and these are like men, right? These are beers, mid thirties, like these are the most seasoned operators on the planet. And this is my very first, this is my first time overseas. And he throw me in the middle of this team room. And the team leader who's briefing the mission was going through the thing. He's like, I need somebody that can, I'll tell this.


I need somebody that can blend in with the, with the local populace. And everybody looks at you. And yeah, I mean, I have, I'm Greek, I have tan skin, I grow a beard, I blend in very well in that part of the world. So he looks around the room and he's like, you. And then he kind of double, does a double take. He's like, who the hell are you? And I'm like, ah. From team two, he is like, whatever, shut up. Stop talking. You're coming with me. And so that was, that was my first op. And coming off of that deployment, what Were you doing?


We were just doing some low vis stuff in, in Bagram. I mean, it was pretty basic running surveillance ahead of a, a broader, a bigger group. And ran a bunch of ops with 'em. Spent three months on that deployment, came back, went to Iraq for six months with team two, and I went right to green team. So you, so your first, your very first deployment overseas was with DEVGRU? Yep. Holy shit. Yeah. So you didn't even have any, any Previous thrown right into the fire experience To reference Right into the final. I'm like, oh my gosh. But other guys are great. I mean, honestly, truly the best operators in the world.


And that, and seeing that, that's what gave me the drive to then say, okay, like I want to go to Team six. Like, that's what I want to do with my career from here. I wanna be a part of that. That was incredible. So come back, go to Iraq for six months with team two, come back, go to green team and green team's, sort of the tryouts for seal. It's another six month selection process. I did not know that there was such a high attrition rate where you have experienced seals that are selected as top performers that are going through the selection course and you still have another 80% attrition rate.


And I just kind of went in and said, I, I took a very, I think down to earth perspective, and I think this is why I was successful. I went in and said, I actually don't know if I belong here. I don't know if I can operate at this level. I, But I wanna find out at a training center in Virginia Beach. I don't wanna find out on the middle of a hilltop in Afghanistan when it's too late. And I get everybody killed. So I just came into Green team and said, I'm gonna leave it all out there, gonna make every single decision I can.


I am going to make the hard cause I'm gonna be in the front of the line. I'm gonna do all the things and I actually just want the instructors to see me. I want them to see everything I'm doing and I want them to tell me if it's good or bad. And then if it's bad, send me home so I don't get anybody killed. Wow. That's like, that's the exact opposite approach of everybody I know that has gone through there is be the gray man. It's Pretty, don't Stand out, don't be bad, don't be excellent. Just be the gray man. Well, I think by doing that, I was the gray man because I was never the, the most excellent at anything, nor was I the worst at anything.


But it was more of just putting your decision making out there. Right. And I'll give you stories, kind of illustrates it. Obviously c qc or close quarters combat, like how you go through a house or a training building or anything as a group, it's a big part of that training. And there was this one scenario where coming through a hallway, the whole team's behind me, they have the paper targets set up and I kind of peek around this corner and I see a target and it's got a hostage, you know, the paper targets with the hostage in front of it and the bad guy behind him.


And I look and it's like way down the hallway and I'm like, and I take the shots and all I hear from the rafters is Ma ruki. Wow. And in my brain I'm like, and I'm going home. So we finish the run and we come out and they're like, and I'm expecting to get like lit up. They're gonna yell, scream, they're, do all these things and then they're gonna just send me home. They're like, hey.


So one of the rules that we have during training is don't shoot through open doors. It was a hallway, it was a really long hallway with an opening at the end. And I don't know if we really call that an open door, but just don't do that again. I was like, okay, check then. And then I, I learned things after the fact too. And then there was this, so then after he told me not to do that again, they gave me a really interesting pun.


They, they had me go carry two 20 pound medicine balls and I had to carry them like they were my balls. And they made me scream at the top of my lungs. I'm so ballsy. And everybody's looking at me like, what the hell is he doing? I'm wondering what the hell I'm doing. I'm like, why? Why is this, why is this such a big deal? And I come to realize when I talk to 'em later and they're like, yeah, you don't understand. Half a dozen people were in that same position. You were in, you were the only one that took the shot.


You were, we had people look up to the rafters and ask, can I take this shot? We're not gonna be fucking with you in Afghanistan. Like, we're not gonna be with you there. Nobody's gonna answering questions. You're the only one that took a shot whether you should have or not, whatever. But I'm like, they didn't actually care. They just wanted people that could make those decisions in those moments. And that's what I kind of, that's what I took away was like, don't be afraid to make the hard decisions. Be Decisive, Be decisive, act and don't shy away from the hard ones.


And I, I still practice that today. You have to. So spend, spend five years at damn neck and ended up transitioning in 2015. Any significant stuff you want to talk about while you were there? Did a bunch of deployments. It goes back to, you know, my wife supporting me through all this, you know, sh we got married in 2012. She moved down to Virginia Beach in 2011. So right about when I was getting to the squadron, and this was before work from home was a thing, right?


So she made a deal with her, with her company, I think it was American Express or she switched to Citibank. She's like, look, I'm gonna go down to Virginia Beach, be with my husband, and then when he's traveling, I'll come back to New Jersey work from the office in New York. And I was like, maybe you don't, you do you not wanna do that, right? The amount of time that we're on the road four years later, nobody, nobody knew she moved to Virginia. They're like, you live where It was comical. So she, she did a lot to support me through all of that. Did five deployments I think in five years.


Very, very busy. And then the last deployment, or second, second, it might have been the second to last deployment, was really the reason why I decided to get out. It wasn't because I didn't like the job anymore. And obviously you like, you always love the guys and you love being around. Like, people ask me, do you miss the teams? I actually don't, I don't miss the job. I miss the guys. I miss just hanging out. But it was our last deployment, I was, I won't say where I was, but we were with a foreign unit predominantly I was managing, it was like five or 600 foreign special forces soldiers in this out station.


And wow, we were trying it, so many different experiences to being on missions that were approved by the president. I was not on the bin Laden raid, just for the record. I don't even like throwing, leaving that possibility out there. I learned about that with a broken ankle. And I was in bed in Virginia Beach and I saw it on CNN, like everybody else. But being on missions that were approved at that level to running five or 600, like Seal team six just opened up the door of experiences. And so I'm on this deployment in this really shitty part of the world, and we had all these regulations and red tape of what we could do and what we couldn't do with the foreign units.


And so we're training them, we're working with them, we're doing all these things. And then this bad guy that we've been tracking for months pops up and he's four miles from where we are on this mountain somewhere. And we're like, great, let's go throw our stuff on. We'll go get him. We'll be back by dinner. And because of the political environment, we being the US soldiers that were there and my team, we couldn't leave the base.


We did not get approval to leave the base. So we went through this whole rigamarole where we're like, okay, you go get him, we'll be here, we'll tell you where to go. And it was just this game of telephone. And we're watching the ISR feed trying to direct him into the bad guy. They can't, the, the foreign unit couldn't find him. They're walking around in circles. I'm calling back the headquarters, if you just let me go, I'll be back in 10 minutes. And we couldn't get that approval. Wow. And so they walk around for six hours, they can't find him.


The guy gets away. And I was just like, you know what I, the impact that I'm able to have here as an operator is going away. And if I'm going to be away from my family for six months, I wanted to be for a really good reason. And so I decided at that point that I was gonna get out, go back to business school. I got back from my last deployment two weeks before my son was born. So I was fortunate to make it back and ended up gonna business school six months later. Wow. There was that. So you had planned on possibly doing a full career?


I I was taking it one enlistment, one like four year block at a time. But again, I thought I was gonna do four. I was at 11. I was kind of thinking through the business school thing and I hadn't made my mind up and that, that just really made my mind up. I was like, okay, like, like I'm gonna go start a new career. I'm gonna go get into business. I'm 34 years old. Like I'm just gonna go do it now because everything has changed and the impact that I can have as an operator is what I felt at that time has been diminished.


And it was the right time for me with family physical stuff. Like I, I look at guys at two knee surgeries and two shoulder surgeries and do like, I never got to that point. I was getting close and it was the, it was the right time for me. I look back and I actually say, I'm like, you know what? It wasn't too early, it wasn't too late. It was 11 years was was my time. What was the interest in business? Where did that come from? Was that from a line of entrepreneurs? No, You know, I I, I always wanted to go back and get an MBA at some point.


I don't, I don't know why. I was just interested in business school and then I think I liked education and then I was really interested in finance and this is because I bought Google and Apple stock while on deployment in 2008. And it turns out if you bought stock in 2008, it just did really well. So I was like, oh, this finance thing's interesting. So I showed up to business look completely naive and not knowing any, like, I didn't know which way it was up. I didn't know what I was talking about. And I thought I had two years to figure it out.


Come to learn. That's not how business school works. So you get to business school and when two weeks they start, the school starts asking, okay, what are you recruiting for? What do you want to do? We have recruited, we have companies coming on campus next week. You have to apply for your internship you have to do. And I'm like, whoa, whoa. I just got outta the military like two weeks ago, I thought had two years to figure this stuff out. So I very quickly said, okay, I better get my act together. And started digging into more of, okay, what does finance actually mean? And what, what is it, what does that mean? Because I'm not gonna just go buy Google and Apple.


I'm like, that's gonna be my job. So I started talking to people, I'm like, tell me about hedge funds. Tell me about venture capital. Tell me about private equity. Tell me about bond trading. Tell me about anything I can think of and all the things that I didn't know I just started learning about. And I got really, really interested in private equity for a couple reasons. One, you really get that finance and investing experience, so you have to become a very good investor. And the skillset there, being able to identify companies and identify investments and what makes a good company and a good investment is actually something I use a lot now running a company.


So I was super interested in that angle. But then also as a private equity investor, you get to, you own the company. So the different kind of methods of investing in private equity you own, you buy over 51% of the company as an investor, you're directly responsible for it. You're working with the CEOs, the management teams, you're implementing strategic initiatives, like you're doing all the things. And so I was like, oh wait, I'm gonna get an investing experience and I'm gonna get an operating experience. This is the best of both worlds. I think I want to be an investor for the next 25 years, but if I don't, I'll just have this great skillset all around.


And so I really looked at it as a continuous education of my, of like my business school career. And I looked at it like the next five years is just, I'm just gonna go learn as much as I can about as much as I can. And that for the most part really played out. I went to a company called HIG Capital and then went to Vista Equity Partners, which is based out in Austin. But the whole, like how I got there was actually really interesting and eye-opening. I, I didn't realize how it's difficult it would be to break into private equity from business school.


I, I assumed like I seal team six, right? I get, I get any job I want. And I very quickly started interviewing and they're like, yeah, I don't, I don't know what to do with you. You don't wanna build financial models. Yeah, I get your leadership, but I can't put you in as a leader. You don't wanna build financial models. Like what? There's a huge disconnect. And so I started talking to the career counselors and they were like, yeah, you can't go into private equity.


There's a career path for private equity. I was like, okay, what's that look like? They're like, well, you have, you have to go to investment banking first. And I was like, why? Like, well, 'cause you have to. I'm like, why? Like, you can't do it any other way. I was like, okay. So I went home and I'm telling my wife this story and I was like, I gotta, and she, she actually knows me better than I know myself at some points. And she looks at me, she goes, she kind of like rolled her eyes and was like, oh brother. I was like, what?


She's like, they just told you you can't do it. She's like, we're screwed. And so I was like, no, no, no. I didn't make up my mind. She's like, okay, yeah, you say whatever you want. And so sure enough, and I'm like, you know what? Screw this. I'm gonna go into private equity. I'm gonna figure it out. So I started building financial models in my apartment at business school in my off time from class and kids and everything else. I was staying up until two or three o'clock in the morning building financial models. I completely reverse engineered my first one. These are Excel spreadsheets that are, you know, can be anywhere from eight tabs to like 30 tabs long.


They're insane. And the first one I reverse engineered took me three weeks to do. This is something that should take somebody that's not even that good. Two hours. Took me three weeks. I went into literally every box in Excel, read the formula, retyped it, and then cleaning and like just went back and forth and then just did it again and again and again and again to the point at which when I started interviewing full-time, I had heard enough of, Hey, you can't do private equity 'cause you have to go to investment banking.


So I just walked into the interview, I and I talked, I was talking to the managing partner and I said, you know, let's just get something on the table right outta the gates. I didn't do investment banking. I know that and you know that. So let's have that conversation. Let's not talk about my SEAL career and you think I'm a great leader. And then I walk out of this room and you say, great guy, but can't do the job. Let's talk about how I didn't do investment banking, why I can build you financial models and if you want me to just go build you one, just gimme a computer and I'll go in the room next door and I'll just build it for you.


And then we could talk about it. And he looked at me and said, you built financial models. I was like, yeah, I've been working on this for two years. This is the, this is what I've been doing. These are all the things that I, I recognized the gap in my skillset that I needed to close in order to be successful at what I wanted to do next. And I just put all of my energy into it. Impressive. And so I ended up working at HIG capital, changing, moving to Vista a year later. And Vista was phenomenal. I was there for four years. The team's incredible. I got to work on cool deals. It was like closing deals in London and Australia and working around the clock.


And it was, it was fun. It was fun. What, What is the, what is the difference between private equity and venture capital? It's this stage of company and the amount of ownership that you're gonna take. So venture capital are the investors that we have now, and typically they're minority investors and they're investing much earlier. So the risk profile is much different. So venture capitalists will look at companies and say, you know what? I'm gonna take a bet. And their model is because the companies are so early, they don't have track record of success.


They don't have financials to go and review. They don't have 10 years of revenue that you can forecast off of. It's in some cases, I think when we started the company, we had a dozen slides and the founding team and that was it. Wow. And so venture capitalists are taking those bets early on, and their whole investment model is, look, 90 ish percent of these companies aren't gonna work. So those are gonna go to zero. So I'm gonna go invest whatever. It's, let's say we have a billion dollar fund. I'm gonna invest $900 million into companies that go to zero.


The other call it seven to eight, 9% will give me my money back. Meaning they just do okay. And then there's 1% of companies that will just completely crush it. The Facebooks and Googles of the world, hopefully the cics of the world. That just, that's what the venture capitalists make all their money. So it's much riskier. And you're not looking to make money off of every single investment. Private equities on the other end of the spectrum where they're buying companies and their whole model is to make a three x return off of every single company.


Okay, So where do I have complete conviction? This company's 15 years old, it has a ton of revenue. I'm not really taking risk. I might take a risk where, okay, if the company doesn't do as well as I thought it would do, I'd make two x or I'd get my money back. Or if it does really well, I make a four x. So you're, you're taking much less risk, but the variability in the outcome is also much different. So you're investing at different stages in different risk profiles. Okay. So you are, okay, so private equity, you're basically, you're taking the damn near for sure. Bed and Yeah.


And jet launching the business through capital private Equity, I equate to is like you're buying a house and just trying to fix it up and flip it. And venture capital is like, you're just buying a pot of land and hoping a city develops around it. Gotcha, gotcha. Wow. What, how was your transition outta the military? I mean, talking about not just going to school, but but post-traumatic stress, traumatic brain injury, reintegrating in with the family on a full-time basis, dealing with civilians, going to school with a bunch of people that had never done what you'd done.


I mean, how did you, how did you fare with all of that? It was hard. It was hard. I mean, if you look at it on paper and the accomplishments like yeah. Plus, but you sit down and have a conversation with my wife, like it wasn't easy, right? I was, you mentioned imposter syndrome earlier, like this is where it really came into play for me. Like, I didn't think I was gonna get a job. Like literally I'm like, what do I know how to, I know how to clear hallways and shoot guns. I'm not gonna get, there's one of the deans of the school really mentors the, the veterans a lot at Wharton.


And she's just, she's amazing. And I used to go in her office, I'm like, Marilyn, I'm like, I'm not getting a job. And she would just laugh at me and be like, you're outta your mind. I'm like, no, seriously, I'm being, I'm being serious. So there's all this stress that looking back on it, I would've, I would've liked to just know that it would've been okay. Right? And I think I put a lot, I put a lot of pressure on myself to not only figure it out, but figure it out quickly. And that's the other thing I underestimated is like how long this transition would really take. Right? This is 10 years later, it's like the first time I really feel like I had my feet under me.


Wow. Right. And everything in the teams too is relative. You're always comparing yourself to the guy next to you and you're like, well, I'm not as mess up as that guy. Like I can do it. He can see if he can keep going after four surgeries and being in an explode. Like I should keep going. And that's not necessarily the right attitude. And I, I love that you said post-traumatic stress and not post-traumatic stress disorder because it's not really disorder like, it's just you're fundamentally different after going through certain traumatic experiences.


And if you think you're not, that's the, that's the problem. And I think for, for too long, I didn't think that my military career affected the way that I was thinking about things, affected my emotions, my ability to connect with my wife and my family, and like all of these things that, looking back on it, I should have noticed earlier, right? I came out, I went, I'll never forget this. So I went to the VA and did my whole like VA offboarding thing. And I specifically waited, so I didn't go in Virginia Beach.


I, I went in Philadelphia. So in Philly they're not used to seeing team guys and Marines and everybody at all the time and not used to hearing crazy stories. So you get outta that environment and I go to the VA doctor and he is like, yeah, just tell me your, tell me your combat history. And I just, and I just think I'm telling the story. And he almost falls out of his chair And you're like, okay, just stop. You need to go see this person, this person. And I'm like, no, no, no, I'm just, I'm fine. I'm just telling you story. He's like, yeah, we're going through these steps.


And I was like, okay, okay. It's not normal. It's not, he's like, it's not normal. But when you're living in the team environment, when you're in the seals or you're in the marine, you're in a very high paced culture like that, it becomes very normal. And people don't realize, and I think the teams is doing a better job at it now, but it's, it should just be like an education. Like how does this type of trauma impact the way that you see and think about the world? How does it impact the way you interact with other humans? When I got, when I transitioned, when I went to business school, I didn't want anything to do with the military.


I was like, I'm, I'm done here, checked out. I didn't even want to join the vet's club, didn't want to hang out with vet did. I wanted to go complete opposite direction. And then little by little I just realizing, okay, these are, that's my close friend. Okay, this is what I care. Okay, this is what I relate to. Okay. Now it's, no, I actually want to dedicate my life to keeping people safe. And this is just a little break that I needed and it just took me a while to get there. You just mentioned, basically you were talking about the competitiveness within the teams and measuring yourself against the guy next to you and I, I think a lot, you know, that that's the way it is there.


And you said that that is, you know, maybe not the right mindset and I mean, this is something I think about a lot. So I, I just want to kind of see where you're going with this. What is the right mindset Being the best that you can be? Right? And I'm not saying, and I'm not saying measure yourself against others in the sense of don't compete competition's healthy. And I think a certain level of competition in the teams, I, I actually think that's the best form of competition where you're my buddy.


I will literally give my life to protect you, but I also wanna beat you at everything. And that makes everybody in the team better. Where I think it becomes unhealthy is the, okay, I haven't had three knee surgeries. I shouldn't be complaining, I shouldn't go see the doctor. I didn't have a house collapse on my head. I shouldn't be, I shouldn't have PTSD, right? I shouldn't go talk to this person. Right? It's just because you didn't have that experience doesn't mean you didn't have something impact you or affect you.


And doesn't mean that you don't need either physical, like so many guys put off injuries so that we could keep deploying and that it's probably the right thing to do. Right? I did it like we had, like, it was like, it's game time. We're gonna deal with this later, right? But then go get it dealt with. Right? And same, your brain's the same way. And I think we just as a community underappreciated both of those things. Do you think it is important to pick who your competition is? Oh, absolutely. As in, Absolutely. I mean, it took, it took me a minute to figure this out, you know, just even though our businesses are obviously very different, you know, I, I still, when I left, I still had that mindset of, of, you know, what are my peers doing?


How do I measure up against my peers? And a lot of those peers, you know, had separated from the Navy at the same time or were still in. And it was, it was just, I was always measuring myself against my peers. It wasn't really until I had gotten rid of that and leveled up my competition to people that weren't my peers, but people that were already way ahead of me. And that's who I, you know, internally not yeah, not externally. Internally in my head, that's who I, that's who I considered my competition. But to be, were people that were way up here compared to where I was A hundred.


It's, and in anything in life, in sports, you, you come into, like you, there's a thing, like you play to the level of your competition and that's where you're gonna step your game up to. And a hundred percent, when I was in private equity, I wasn't competing against my peers from the SEAL teams and saying, Hey, I just want to be more successful than 'em. It was how do I, how am I the best private equity professional? How am I better than this person that's been investing for 15 years? How, how do I get better than them? How do I learn from them? And now it's same thing in the business world. It's, I look at other CEOs, other business leaders work with Joe Lonsdale a lot, who I know.


We talk about how do I get to be that good, right? How do I have that level of insight across that many different things that can drive this company into a truly, truly generational company. When Did you figure that out?


When the grid fails and no one's coming, you need more than a backup. That's why I want to introduce you to Paladin Power. Most of America's 130 year old power grid is fragile, outdated, and vulnerable. Paladin Power gives you the ability to operate completely independent of the grid no matter what happens. Paladin power builds advanced energy storage solutions, veteran owned American made and designed to take you off the grid for good. One Paladin unit can run your whole house, HVAC, ev, power tools, everything, other brands you need up to eight, nine, or even 10 systems. That's not sustainable or practical. They take up too much space and the costs are outrageous. Howden's system is smaller, more powerful and delivers the lowest price per kilowatt hour on the market. It's us made tariff resilient warrantied for 20 years and built with modern US manufacturing. Plus they're actively working to develop a lithium free fire safe system that's years ahead of anything on the market. Head over to paladin power.com/ss to learn more. Use code SS for up to 15% off. That's my code ss@paladinpower.com slash SRS Oh man.


Sometime after business school and before Ciran. I don't know if I could put a date on it. It wasn't immediate, right? Because in business school you are, you're like every other vet going to a recruiter trying to find a job. You're kind of, you are kind of competing in that vets network community and it feels like you're, you're part, and it was just getting out of that, going into private equity, but then also not doing that for a year or two. Like I, I was there for five years, right? Really was building a career there. And so somewhere along that way I got over the imposter syndrome of, then you talk about like, I don't really belong here.


These people are like, they're brilliant. There were folks that could sit there and tell you every single number about every single company they've ever worked on in the last decade. Wow. And I'm like trying to remember what the revenue was on the company. The meeting we list left 45 minutes ago and I'm like, I better, like, and so it was getting into this process and building the habits and building the skillsets to be very, very good at it. That then one, you got over the kind of imposter syndrome, the okay, I'm a veteran coming, trying to be a private equity professional to, no, I just work in private equity and I'm gonna be the best investor I can be to now I'm, I'm A CEO, but it's not, I'm a veteran who's trying to be a C like that's just who I am, what I do.


I do the best at that and being in the team's just part of my background. Do you, do you believe in limitations? Yeah. You do. I think everybody is limited. You have physical limitations and mental limitations. Like I, I do believe that I don't think I'm ever going to be able to solve quantum physics or jump 50 inches into the air. I'm just, I'm just not. But within the capabilities that God has given me, how do I push those and maximize those to the, have the largest impact and really get the most out of 'em?


Interesting. I believe there are limitations, but I think that if you find what you're meant to do, then it is limitless what you can do. I mean, What you can do is limitless if you're doing the right thing. I mean, to build a company that's got a $4 billion valuation in what, three years? Un under two and a half years. Yeah, Two and a half years. I mean That's, To me, that proves it right there. Just another person that that is. But it goes back to your point of if you're doing what you're supposed to be doing, right? I can't go and do anything in the world and be the best at it.


Right. If you want to be the best at something, I can't do that in every aspect of everything. Yeah. Yeah. But this is, this is truly what I'm meant to be doing. And when you look at the decision to start Ciran, the first decision point that I made was, I want to get back into defense. It wasn't, what company should I start? Where's the market gap? How big's the opportunity? Okay, this is gonna make a bunch of money. Like then, okay, now I'll go do it. It was, no, I want to get back into defense. Okay, why do you wanna get back into defense?


'cause I wanna help keep people safe. That's what I did for 11 years of my life that is ingrained in who I am. I needed a break from that, but Now I want to get back to that. And if I'm thinking about my career and I'm thinking about the next 25 years of my life, that's what I want to dedicate my talent of sorts and I didn't know anything else in that. Another question, like I had mentioned you built a a $4 billion company in, in valuation in two and a half years. I mean, did you ever think that that's how this would turn out?


No. Not Was there any aspirations for that even to happen? Or were you totally ingrained in what you were doing? No, the dream was there, right? We wanted to build a really big company, but big so that it could have an impact, right? Because you wanna have a really big impact and be, have a really big impact. You have to be a big company. But going back to the time that it would take to do that, I thought if we're wildly successful and everything works, we're in year seven, year eight, maybe. You know, I thought this was gonna be a, a decade long thing just to get here.


Now, when you look at where we're gonna be in a decade, it's awesome because of the trajectory that we're on. And one of my, one of my favorite quotes I think is Steve Jobs or, or, or Bill Gates, one of those two said, we, we always over, we overestimate what we can accomplish in a year and we underestimate what we can accomplish in a decade, A decade's, a really long time and 10 years, you can change the world. Now, I did not think we were had, and we'll talk about kind of where we're going, but I didn't think we had this level of opportunity in this amount of time.


How fast we move is completely remarkable. What do you attribute that to? A few things. One, we've attracted a, a world class team, like truly world class. I'll get into the, the founding team, how that came together. But a plus team from across industries, from top companies, SpaceX, Google, Tesla, and role out of the military. I mean, people that are super passionate about the mission and want to dedicate their talents to building the products that our country needs.


Second things, capital investors. Joe Londale was our first investor. We have a, a list of phenomenal investors. Ray Sig from Caffeinated Capital, Catherine Boyle from Andreesen Horowitz runs their American dynamism practice allowed Gil led our last round. These are top investors in Silicon Valley that have given us close to a billion dollars to date. Wow. But it's not just about the money. You know, my job's to go and make a return, but it's not just that they've given us the money. It's like they want us to go after the really hard problems for the country.


And they've trusted us with that money to move quickly, to build products faster than government con for the pace of government contracting so that we can get solutions in the hands of World War fighters as fast as possible. We couldn't do that without private capital. The third thing is the customer, in this case, again, we'll talk just the defense, it's military, right? I haven't seen the Navy move with this pace in anything, right? You can have a great team and a ton of capital, and if the customer doesn't start changing and adopting things, one or both of those things are going to dry up.


So in order to create this like hyper-growth environment that we're in, you need those three things to come together. And you need the Navy to lean in and on certain places where they've been very, very risk adverse to start changing that culture, right? And moving alongside companies like Ciran and adopting solutions like this. Otherwise, the investors aren't going to keep pouring capital into it. So it's the ability to bring those three things together. World-class team, incredible investors with a lot of capital. Like we you say a billion dollars kind of lightly.


Like that's a lot of money. I don't take that lightly for one second. That's a lot of responsibility and a lot of trust that was placed in the company and, and me and the leadership team, right? We earn that trust every single day and then customer with a oh shit problem that we gotta go solve for 'em. How did you, you told me this on our trip, but I love the story by the way. How, how did you come up with Nik and the conversations that you had with your wife when you decided to leave private equity? So the first conversation we had, it was going back to what I was talking about a moment ago of like, I just wanna work on things that keep people safe.


That's how I want to spend my life. That's what gets me up in the morning. One of my favorite quotes ever, and I, I need to figure out who, who this quote is from, but it's, don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive. Because what the world needs is more people that have come alive. I like that. And it was pretty powerful. And so I figured out that this is how I wanted to spend my life. And I knew, I just knew I would never figure it out working at a private equity firm working anywhere, but specifically at a private equity firm working 80 to a hundred hours a week, just grinding through other stuff.


You just don't have the time, the bandwidth, the mental capacity. And for me personally, it's like the kind of like all in mindset. And that's what I need when I go after think personally. Everybody's different. I know that if I'm going to do something or I'm really gonna do it, then I just gotta be all in. So I went in thinking I was going to explain this in a very rational way to my wife. And mind you, she had just left her job and she had a 20 year career. She just, we decided now I'm in private equity for five years. My salary has grown. We're in a comfortable place. I necessarily, like, I'm getting promoted, I'm doing the things, everything's looking great.


And I walk into the living room, I'm like, I have to quit. And She looks at me and then I could just, she wanted to say like, get outta my face. And Do you Have two kids at This point? Two kids. Oh yeah. This is in 2020. This is early 22. So my kids are seven and six. Seven and six, yeah. And we're living in Austin and we have a, how do I have all the thing? And so it's, I'm like, I have to que She's like, okay, tell me why.


And I go, well, I'm gonna go build a defense tech company. I, And she goes, this, that sounds great. That sounds really exciting. Like what does your, what does your company do? And I go, oh, really? It builds technology for defense. And I like, I didn't have the answer, I just didn't know, but I knew this is what I wanted to do and what I was supposed to be doing. And so she heard me out And as always, she supported me, which is incredible.


And we came up with a plan and was like, look, here's, here's the plan. If in 12 months if I'm still wandering around the street saying, Hey, I want to build a defense tech company and there's nothing concrete, then I'm gonna go get it. Like, I'm not looking for perennial unemployment here. I'm really looking to follow my dreams and this is my dream. She's like, huh, then you gotta go for it and you gotta go for it. So walked in, quit my job and started building out Ciera With no idea what it was gonna be, With no idea what it was gonna be. So started, started thinking through, okay, well first step was I thought I was gonna take like a couple weeks off and at least clear my head a little bit before diving right in.


And the next thing that happened was I caught up with Joe Lonza. How did you guys meet? So Joe and I met 20, 20 ish timeframe when he moved to Austin. He was networking with some seals and military folks. He invited me to his house for breakfast. We did a workout, this was again, 2020, I think, late 2020, early 2021. And it was great. I was like, great, cool guy. Like awesome. I thought I'd never see him again. Six months later, his EA emails me, he's like, Hey, do you wanna come to Joe's house for a work on and breakfast?


Sure. It was great. The last time was fun. Do it again. We were talking about investments, things I was working on at Vista, there were like some overlapping companies. So it was just nice guy, cool to go to. So fast forward, quit my job. I have one of these breakfasts, it's like, what do you have going on? I'm like, oh, like I quit Vista and I'm gonna go build a defense tech company. And he kind of did the same double take that my wife did. He's like, I'm sorry, what? And I've, I've learned from the conversation with my wife, I go, no, no, don't ask me any questions because I don't know.


I'm not pitching anything. I, I don't know what. And he goes, no, no, no, no, that's perfect. Come join a C, let's build this together. Let us support you. It's your company, it's your thesis, it's your idea, everything. He's like, use our resources. Use me as a mentor. Use me as an advisor and we want to invest in you when you come up with that idea. Wow. And I was floored. And that's a skill. Like Joe saw something in me that I didn't even see, right? I think at that point, you know, I was saying I wanted to build a defense tech company, but I really think it was gonna come true.


Did I really know all the steps that it would take to get it done? No. So just jumped right in, started working and started building out thesis ideas. And Vista really taught me how to run a really disciplined and really intellectually honest diligence process. So I was able to structure things and lay 'em out and say, okay, I'm gonna go look at this, then I'm gonna go look at this, then I'm gonna go look at this and here's how we're gonna map the universe and here are all the things that we can look at. And I mean, the military puts out a strategy. They're like, here are the 14 things over the next 50 years that we're gonna be investing in cybersecurity and autonomy and ai, et cetera, et cetera.


If you're not in one of those 14 things, what are you doing? So I started mapping that out. I actually started out looking at a 5G cybersecurity idea, kind of battlefield communications are changing, networks are changing, there needs to be new security. And I just went really deep there for about six to eight weeks, again, laid out the diligence process. And as in any diligence, the most important part is getting people on the phone. It's having conversations with the experts and saying, Hey, tell me about the market. Stop me when I'm wrong. Talk to me about X, Y, and Z. How is this evolving? What are the real needs? And I just did that over and over again.


And the more I did that, the more I was like, okay, this isn't, this isn't a big enough problem to be a big company or have a big impact. And so we ended up killing that idea, turning it off pretty quickly. And again, it goes back to just be disciplined, be unemotional, and just make the right business decision. And started looking at maritime autonomy. And in fact, a, a really close friend of mine showed me a YouTube video of these two surfers in Germany that built a hydrofoil surfboard out of a pelican gun case.


And of course, two team guys sitting there with a six pack say, oh, I bet I could put some explosives in that. That would be cool product. And so I'm like, well, would it be? And so I go and I start building out, I'm like, okay, well what does maritime look like? What does maritime on automobile look like? And I'm going to conferences and I'm looking at things and you walk into all these conferences and you see 25 different drones hanging from the sky and you're like, oh, there's a lot of advancement in aerial autonomy. There's even advancement in subsea autonomy. And I wasn't seeing autonomous boats.


And I'm like, why aren't there any autonomous boats at these conferences? And so I just walk over and I look at, I'm like, okay, well we're just, we're just the boats, right? And you'll, you'll appreciate this. So I walk up to the Zodiac booth and you know, zodiacs, the little speedboats we use in the seal teams with the outboard motor carry six people. They look like they're from Vietnam, they're like 1970s technology. And you're always, the motor's never starting. It is always, it is a piece of crap. If you go on the Zodiac website, they have these really cool, fully electric jet drive, like push button zodiacs.


So I go up to the booth and I'm asking the guy, I'm like, why on the Zodiac website do I see this thing that looks like it's from 2022 coming off the back of a yacht when the seal teams get this? And he goes, oh, they're we're actually different companies. That's Zodiac Big Zodiac. This is Zodiac Mil Pro, and we're just the Zodiac military company. And so I'm like, so you don't innovate? He's like, no, we're different companies. I'm like, oh, that's interesting. So I started saying, okay, like where, where's the innovation in maritime?


Where is it? And I couldn't find it. The Navy, again, going back to what Congress is doing, what the Navy, the Navy's been doing research and experimentation with a number of different companies. And a lot of it has been just that, just experimentation, proof of concept. I was like, where's the real capability? That scales, where's the company that's software first hardware enabled, that's vertically integrated, that can produce its scale, that's delivering real capability. Where's that company? And I didn't see it. So then the second question I had to ask was like, does anybody care that this company doesn't exist?


Right? Like does it matter because it's okay to have a gap in the market. The question's like I, is that gap gonna get filled? Can you build a real generational company here? Basically, is the Navy actually going to buy thousands of autonomous systems or not? And if the answer is no, that's okay, then I just don't wanna start this company. 'cause then it doesn't matter. That's when you start going into ship building, ship building capacity, all the things about China that we were talking about. And you very quickly realize, oh crap, the Navy actually doesn't have another choice. There just, there just isn't another choice.


We have to move in this direction. We have to augment our fleet with autonomous ships, we boats and ships. We have to, we have to be a force multiplication to the fleet that we have today in order to maintain naval superiority. Otherwise we just won't have it. The the Chinese have went from this little crappy Littoral Navy to one that has aircraft carriers, nuclear submarines, and hypersonic missiles in less than 25 years. Wow. And they build their military solutions specifically to counter the us.


We, we are their focus. And that's scary. So then you're like, once we've kind of put all of that together, it wasn't even a question of, oh, this is cool. I'm an entrepreneur. I wanna start a tech company. I wanna do these things. It was like, no, we have to start this company. It's not even a question of do I want to anymore. It's a, we have to and it's our responsibility to do so. Why do you think we are China's focus?


Well, because we're the global power, right? Anytime you're on top, people are trying to take you down. And that, that's just anything. That's life, that's sports. People are, it's competition, right? And that's been happening since the beginning of human civilization. And the other thing is, look, they look at Taiwan and Taiwan's, they view it as their right to go and reclaim that as part of China. Like that is fundamentally their right as a country. And the United States does not agree with that. And, and you know, we for better or worse feel, it's our place to project democracy around the world.


And I, I fundamentally believe in that, right? And so those are two diametrically opposed viewpoints. But to give you a sense of kind of the, the problem that we're facing, imagine, imagine like Cuba was critical to the world's economy, like critical to the world's economy. And the Chinese wanted to stop us from invading Cuba, Say A hard problem. Cuba's 80 miles off the coast, Taiwan's 80 miles off the coast of China. It's on the other side of the world for us.


So you really have to have deterrence in place to make sure that they're not projecting what they view right? And what they view the world should look like, and the world that, that the Chinese government projects and like the CCP project, like we don't wanna live in that world, right? That that's not a good world. A world where the US is not the predominant superpower. It's actually a really, really scary place. So we have to make sure that we're able to deter or defeat the Chinese in the South Pacific, if it ever comes to that.


How do you even know where to start? You see a gap, something that needs to happen. I mean there's a lot that goes into this. There's raising the capital, which we've established, but there's also getting in front of the right people. You just, you just start building. That's how do you eat an elephant? You eat an elephant One bite at a time. So we had the capital, the next thing was founding team, who's gonna actually build this thing? And when you talk about how that actually came together, again, there's, there's something very special happening here that's outside of any one individual's control.


So three co-founders, Doug Lambert, who's our chief com, chief operating officer, Viv out the car, who's our chief technology officer, and then Rob Layman, who's our chief commercial officer. What are their backgrounds? Doug was the head of engineering at a company called Liquid Robotics, which was a maritime autonomy company. That company sold to Boeing in 2017. He's been in maritime autonomy for 15 years. He got recruited away from liquid robotics to start building an autonomous submarine in Austin, Texas.


What are the odds of that? Wow. And he left that role two weeks before we were like getting ready to start Ciera. And so I got introduced to him in Austin. We link up, we're like, I'm like, I want to go build this. He's like, I sounds awesome. We worked together on it for a few months. He's like, we got along really well. You got along with the other two who I'll go into in a minute. And he's like, yeah, we're like, let's go do this together. But what are the chances that somebody with 20 years of experience in maritime autonomy is sitting in Austin, not high a ViiV was from Andel.


So he was employ Andel, has, I don know, who knows now? 5,000 employees. He was employee 22 or 23. He ran software, computer vision sensor fusion, crosses their product lines. So I was talking with Alex Moore, who's one of the partners at a C who helped start the business. He's on our board. And I'm like, man. And we had Rob, I'll get into Rob's background. So it was me, Doug, and Rob. And I'm like, We need a software guy, but we don't just need a, we need like the software guy, like an absolute killer. We need the best software person on the planet.


And we're just talking and I'm just going off on where I'm gonna go, like how are, we're gonna find this person? And he goes, oh, I got the guy. And I'm like, okay. I'm like, yeah, okay. And he introduced me to Viv. Viv flies out to Austin, we spend the weekend together, introduce him to other co-founders, universally has like this guy is brilliant, brilliant, phenomenal software engineer, able to art like able to make me understand the technology. Like that's a very special skill set for an engineer to be able to articulate.


We talk to customers, build things, manage team, like this is a guy. And we knew just like that, Rob, this is going to be a a crazy coincidence, I met Rob on a hunting trip with some folks from A VC. So we're hunting in South Dakota, we're shooting pheasants in South Dakota. One of our good friends from Austin puts on this hunting trip, invited some folks from A VC, invited me, invited Rob, who he knows for a really long time. And so we're all together in South Dakota randomly. And Rob and I, former Marine, he, he was in the Marines for five years and then finished out his career as a reservist.


So Marine, former Marine, former Navy, like we're talking or having beers, whatever. I, And then six months later he actually ran his own consulting company, which helped small businesses contract with government. He has this phenomenal background where he worked at Large Prime was a registered lobbyist. You can talk about like how we understood how to lobby, how we understood how to navigate the hill, how we understood how to navigate the government ecosystem. Rob, Rob lived it for 25 years, right? Here's the piece that gets left out. And then it's like these little intangible things. That is what makes Ciran so special.


Rob's uncle was the secretary of the Navy for six years, John Lehman in the 1980s under Reagan now. And John's an advisor to us now. But it's not saying like, Hey, his uncle's why we're successful, but here's a person that I met on a hunting trip that grew up inside the Navy that understands how to navigate that ecosystem in only a way that somebody that grew up in it could understand. And that's what you need to be successful. So Once we had the team in place and I was like, let's just start building, right?


And we had a very, very like laser focused view from the beginning on scale. It's like, yes, we can build the best software. Yes we can go design really cool hardware, but if we can't put it all together and build at scale like thousands of units, it doesn't matter. I don't care how good the software is, I don't care how cool the hardware looks, I don't care how cool the boat looks. If you can't build thousands, it doesn't matter. It's all relevant. So our next hire was a guy named John Morgan, who's our third employee, runs our manufacturing.


The first question I asked, I asked him was, gentlemen, we don't even have a design for a prototype yet. Why are we hiring a head of why do we need a head of manufacturing? Now, explain it to me from your perspective, because he lived it. He was at SpaceX for 10 years. He was a direct report in the Elon Musk. He took the Falcon nine engine from prototype all the way to production or the raptor engine, excuse me, from prototype all the way to production. Insanely talented guy. I'm like, we're not building anything. I don't even have a design for you to build. Like if we don't start thinking about manufacturing now in 18 months, when you build your first prototype, you're screwed.


You're gonna to start all over again. You're gonna have to put the processes in place, you're gonna have to redesign it for manufacturing. Your product isn't even going to look like what your prototype look like. Like you have to start now if you actually want to produce that rate. Now if your goal isn't to produce that rate, start whenever you want. But if your goal is to produce that rate, you have to start now. And I go, okay, I'm sold. Right? So we had this core nucleus that was just a plus players and it just built from there and built from there. And we just started building things.


And we had our very first prototype in the water in under six months. No kidding. Yeah. We actually had one that's our first official prototype. One of the very first things our engineers did was like, they bought an $800 raft on Amazon, an $800 raft. They put $30,000 of cameras and sensors and batteries and a motor. And they turn this thing in autonomous boat like we just need something. We have to start programming. The hardware's gonna take six months, we're gonna start programming. In the interim, Went to Amazon that was built in like three weeks And we're building out the software platform that's gonna power all of our hardware platforms.


And we on the, we had a 5,000 square foot warehouse, which was essentially just one rectangle. There was one door in the front and we had our first visit from a congressman. And this $800 raft is sitting on top of a, it was a dermo bin essentially. It was a rectangular garbage can, was our stand for this boat. And it was cargo strapped on. And I'm like, what? What am I gonna tell this congressman we're actually doing here? And he came in, I'm like, sure, this is what we're doing. Here's what we're building. Here's our first test unit. We're building so fast that we can't wait for the hardware to get developed.


He goes, this is the speed that the United States needs to be building at. And he loved it. Do you have a picture of the raft? I do not actually. I'm sure we do somewhere. I'll send you one. I'd love to see it. Yeah, I'll send you one, I'll send you some photos. So had that built our first prototype in six months, but more importantly, we, we sent that right out to the Navy. We're like, let's go start testing it. Let's get it in customer's hands. We started using it with the Navy. We started using it with commercial customers. We started testing it. We started putting in environments and saying, okay, where does it work? Where does doesn't work? Where needs to be better? And then we iterated on it and we made it better.


And we brought it to manufacturing in another six months. We did a complete design spin from June of 23 to December of 23. And then we're producing a rate by January of 2024. All in the same time we're launching our second product and then our third product to where in under two years we brought three different different product lines to market already to be manufactured at scale. Our six foot boat, our 14 foot boat, and our 24 foot boat. Now we did that again in under two years. That's remarkable, right? It truly is. I, I don't think, and we went and did the research a little bit, but I don't think there's been a hardware company, let alone a defense hardware company that has brought products to market and has had them fielded in under two years.


Now that may be changing a little bit, but that is an incredible pace to operate at. And so from there, we're now launching three new products this year. So we're only speeding up because we've been able to raise a billion dollars. We have 450 employees and growing by the week. We have 500,000 square feet of manufacturing space to build these solutions in. We have, gee, I don't even know how many different locations we have, Austin, DC San Diego. We just acquired a shipyard in Franklin, Louisiana to build large autonomous ships.


And we can get into that. We're moving from autonomous boats to autonomous ships. And we're doing that now and we're opening a Sydney office, Australia and London in the uk. Wow. So our focus on global sales and not just global sales, one of the things we focus on is production, right? As we partner with countries around the world, how do we really give them the same capabilities that the United States has? Well, if you designed a system that can produce platforms at scale, and those platforms are designed in a way where the whole production line is just set up to be easily replicated, then you can put that production line anywhere in the world.


So your production line and your manufacturing process and your end products actually become the product. And that's typically not how the maritime universe works. Like boat building and ship building has been a very bespoke process for a very long time. It's bringing the rigor and the processes back into manufacturing that let us scale now, really change the game for the United States and our allies. Genius. How did you come up with the name Ciran? I told you this earlier, so this is a trick question, but my wife actually came up with it.


If I don't, I I have to give her credit otherwise I'm not gonna be able to go home tonight. But we were looking for names and naming something new isn't, isn't easy. So we're searching for what, what's the right name for this company? And we come across the story of the Battle of Salamis, which is the naval battle between Greeks and the Persians after the Battle of Thermoy. So you have the second Greco Persian war, you have the famous stand of the 300 Spartans at the Battle of Thermoy. Right after that, there was this huge naval battle called the Battle of Islamist, where the Greek navy was actually surrounded by the Persian Navy.


They were outnumbered two or three to one. The Mystic Police, who was the commander of the Greek Navy at the time, basically writes a letter, ES tricks him, gets him to split his fleet. The Greeks are then able to pick off the Persians and they decimate the Persian fleet. And that all happened in the Ciran Gulf. So we're reading this story and I'm like, this is such a cool story, but we can't name the company salami. You just can't. And my wife goes, name it Ciran. And I think I'm like, nah, I don't like it. And she, for like two or three days, she just keeps coming back. She's like, no, no, no, I really think it should be Ciran.


I was like, nah. And then I, I think on day three I was like, you know what? I'm starting to, I'll go with it. It's okay. It's okay. And I love it. It's, it is the absolute perfect name for the na for the company. It stands for everything we believe in. You know, the Greeks protected democracy for the world. And that's, that's what we're doing at surrounding. That's Amazing. I love that. Well, Dino, let's take a quick break and when we come back, we'll talk about the capabilities of all of this stuff and, and what you're gonna grow into. And probably a lot more about China and, and, and, and our shipbuilding capabilities currently without Ciera.


So, Sounds good.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for. And they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology and switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're a hundred percent US-based team can activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones in. One. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and right now use the promo code SS for a free month of service. When you sign up, switch to Patriot Mobile and defend freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot


Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. Black Buffalo products are intended for adults aged 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco. If you're 21 or older and use nicotine or tobacco, it's time you charge ahead and join the herd with one of America's only smokeless tobacco alternatives. Black Buffalo now available at thousands of best in class retailers like Wawa Circle K Sheets loves pilot racetrack and more. Black Buffalo was established in America in 2015 to honor the ritual and tradition of dip without the tobacco leaf or stem. Black buffalo's long cut and pouches are made of barn cured leafy greens that dip and feel just like the traditional products you are in. Good company with the Black Buffalo herd, an American brand built on authenticity and respect. If you're looking for a real dip experience, long cut or pouches, go to Black Buffalo dot com to join the herd. Use their store locator to find a retailer near you or see if they will ship products directly to you and your state. Black Buffalo Tobacco Alternatives, the future of dip honoring the past.


Alright, Dino, we're back from the break. I wanna talk about the capabilities of these autonomous boats that you're making. But, but first, how, how did you land on autonomous vehicles, autonomous boats? So it goes back to the story we were talking about earlier, just identifying the gap in the market. The, the real lack of technol, I'll call lack of technological advancement, right? We saw, or what we were able to see was aerial drones, subsea drones, other things were moving forward and boats weren't. And so that went back to the question of, okay, does anybody actually care?


And goes back to, okay, yes, without autonomous boats, the surface fleet of the navy does not have what it needs to actually maintain naval superiority. And so we started this company and said, how are we, how are we gonna redefine maritime superiority and just use autonomy to do that? And we can talk about all the different ways we redefine it. What are the, we'll get into that. What, what are these boats capable of? And actually let's, let me, let me, Brian, let me rewind here. A little 25 foot vessels is that, that's what you started with.


Why we, We started with a six foot, You started with a six Foot, we started with a six foot, so a half the size of a jet ski. Then we built a 14 foot, then we built a 24 foot. So our 24 foot vessel corsair, thousand nautical mile range, thousand pound payload capacity. And the capabilities are, we talked about limitless earlier, really limitless. We're, we're just starting to scratch the surface on how we employ autonomous systems across the battlefield as a country. Like we're just starting to scratch surface. So what that means is, as software evolves, is the technology evolves, the, the concepts of operations can move just as quickly.


But to talk about kinda like what those platforms are capable, I just kind of spit out some, some hardware specs on you. In a thousand nautical mile range, a thousand pound payload capacity from the hardware side, they are completely modular. So what that means is the base platforms actually designed for defense and commercial applications that we discussed earlier. Right? Whether it's military or whether it's coast guard, port harbor, security critical infrastructure, you may need different payloads or different sensors to meet those various uses. So we built this base platform to be completely modular and dual use.


Why is that so important? Why do we have to be dual use? Well, it's actually critical because you want a commercial off the shelf supply chain. You wanna be able to build resiliency and robustness in your supply chain so that you can actually build the quantity of units that the military wants. So you design for dual use upfront. And the other reason it's important is if you design that way, you're now working with companies that can leverage unit economics in the commercial market. And you can buy less expensive components that then drive the cost down for the military. So you're building a treatable platforms and talking about defeating China cost is a big component.


So from the hardware side, we're delivering range and payload capacity with a completely modular platform that can be adapted to any mission set or any use case on the software side. This is where it gets really interesting and we should probably dive into kinda what autonomy means and all the different things, but completely autonomous vessels, right? So what is, what does that mean when IC says it? Well that means you can actually control 10 boats. You one individual operator can control pen boats, can control 50 boats, control hundreds of boats, right?


That it, that is limitless. The upper end is limitless 'cause it's controlled by software and making a user interface that's very easy to work with and operate out of and say, Hey, go and search this hundred square mile box in the ocean and take a hundred boats. Well actually software, you tell me how many boats I need to go send to that area. Okay, I need a hundred boats. Great. Enter the boats, plan the routes. They all work together. They all communicate together. If one boat in that swarm sees a target vessel, that information gets shared between all of the boats and gets passed back to a human operator that is in the loop or on the loop, excuse me.


I even get those terms mixed up and we'll go, we can go through what those mean. But it creates a really, really scalable environment where you're now actually able to employ thousands of autonomous systems and control them with very few human operators. Reducing the cognitive load, increasing reliability on the battlefield, and most importantly, keeping people very safe out of combat. All that's done through software. So one person can control up to a hundred Boats more, more. There's no, there's really no upper limit on how many boats you'll be able to control with our software.


Now, How, how would they do that? Do the, does that mean that they always operate in some type of a formation or can, can the what, what would you call 'em? The controller. The controller, yeah. The operator. Or can they, can they operate independently of themselves? With one controller You can op You mean like single boats? You can operate one to one or you can operate one to many. And what that means though, so each boat has artificial intelligence that that lives at the edge and it's, it is critical for each platform to be intelligent in its own right. So each boat has to know where it's at in the swarm.


What its job in the mission is, have the sensors and perception and everything else to be able to operate independently. And then once you have, we call 'em intelligent individual actors, you can then combine intelligent individual actors to do things very, very smartly together. Right? And that's when the controls become very easy because you don't have to say, Hey, this boat and this is what used to happen there. There's kinda like two ways that autonomy develop. One is we simply wa and there autonomy and maritime one is simply with way point navigation. So for each boat I have to plan a route. I have to say, go to this way point, go to that way point, go to that way point, go to that way point.


And then the sensors are something completely different that doesn't scale with five boats or 10 boats. Like at some point you lose economies of sky and you just can't plan missions that way. So if I'm sending a hundred boats on a mission, I can't plan as a, as a human, I can't plan the route for each and every boat. I just wanna say, go into this area. If you see big Chinese ships coming at you, do this and let me know. Right? So you have a hundred boats that each know where each other are. They're not gonna crash into each other. They're all working, they're all saying, okay, let's separate the environment this way.


I'm gonna search over here. You're gonna search over here. We're all looking for this. Okay, I found it. Okay. 10 boats surround it. The other 90 split off, they keep searching again, we're just using a hundred as a round number. Yeah. 'cause it's easy, but it's how an operator controls a mission, not an asset. Interesting. Okay. So, 'cause I, I don't know much about naval wartime, combat formations, any of that stuff, but my mind goes immediately to some type of a skirmish. Yeah. And so if you have 106 foot boats in the water, and let's say they come across a, I don't know, a Chinese frigate Yep.


And they need to set up into some type of a formation. Like the only thing I can think of is I did some anti-piracy work and the Somali pirate set up a a l ambush right on the ship. Yep. Do you just, excuse me, do you tell the, do you tell the, the boats to form up in an L ambush or do you actually tell each boat where to go? Does, am I making sense here? Yeah, All the human operator does is say authorize to attack. That's it. That's it.


So very, very simple controls. Again, all the autonomous behaviors are all baked into the intelligence of not just each individual boat, but then the system of boats and the software running that. And let's use, let's use that example. There's a Chinese ship coming across the strai. You have a hundred boats that identify it, right? The system or, or the autonomy will notify the human operator will say, okay, before any kinetic action is taken based on government regulations, here's what we're, we have identified the target. And there's a lot of different ways that we do that. You have to be very thoughtful on how you're communicating information, especially in that type of environment.


You might be jammed, right? You might not have full bandwidth to do that. So you have to be able to process information at the edge and only send the, the only send, like in this case a small screen, a small picture of the target vessel. You don't have to send like live streaming data feeds. So okay, yes. Approve authority authorized strike then the tactics, how the boats split up, how the attack, how all this is programmed in, in software. So How, I mean, how does it know how to do that? I mean, like I said, I have zero experience, you know, with with naval combat operations on the sea.


Yeah. And so, but you know, just going back to my time as a war fighter, you know, every scenario is different. I mean, every single scenario is different. The, the hostages over there or the bad guys are over here, they're, they're never gonna maneuver in the exact same way. Yeah. And I would think that that naval skirmishes are very similar. They'll similar to That same, they'll never be the same, but it's the same type of technology. So somebody has to put those scenarios into that AI platform. Well, They're training the models. You train the AI models around a variety of different scenarios so that the AI actually learns how to react.


It's, it's the same technology that's in like a Tesla self-driving car, right? The road is never the same any two times that that car's on the road, you know, a person might come out, a biker might come from here or something, but the car, the, the model, the AI model knows how to react to variety of situations. And the more that it's in those situations, the more that it actually learns. So, and that's the importance of being able to like update and iterate on your software is if we're actually in a conflict with China, like the models we're running on day one won't even be the models we're running on day 25 or day 10, right?


Because you can update and train the models in real time. So how do you get a baseline? I mean, do you just war game thousands and thousands of different Scenarios. Training, testing, we have thousands of hours of testing. We invest in testing very, very heavily. Like we're out on the water seven days a week. We have thousands of hours under all of our platforms. I mean, we have our own testing facility in Galveston. We're opening a testing facility in San Diego. We invest a lot of money into testing, reliability and developing our autonomy to a way that, that it's going to be what the Navy needs. When the Navy needs it. What is the, I mean, we're gonna put a a a, we're gonna overlay the scream with what these six foot boats look like.


Yeah. But what is the, what is the mission of a, of a six foot autonomous wave runner? Yeah, so it, it goes down, it comes back to range and payload capacity. So the six foot boat has 30 nautical mile range with a 40 pound payload capacity. The 14 foot boat has a 300 nautical mile range with a 200 pound payload capacity. And our 24 foot boat has a thousand nautical mile range with a thousand pound payload capacity. So that's how far it can go. And that's how much you can carry. If you think about the mission sets that a thousand nautical miles actually opens up and how capable our 24 foot platform is, it's actually mind blowing, right?


The speedboats that we use in the SEAL teams, they had a four or 500, I forget the range actually, but even if you're going 20 or 30 knots for eight hours, you're going 240 miles at 30 knots for eight hours, right? That's a quarter of the range of our, you don't wanna be on a boat for eight hours just to go 200. Like that's a long time for a human to do anything. And especially getting beat up by the sea. On top of that, you can make these platforms much more rigorous to sea state and everything else where we were operating with seal teams doing, doing some testing and the boats that they used couldn't keep up with our boats.


Wow. Because there was no human that had to take the shock load coming off of a six foot wave. So the capabilities open up dramatically. And going back to earlier, without getting into too specific of any concepts of a conops or anything, you're, you're seeing a lot of the ways that these platforms can be used in Ukraine and you know, we built just a completely modular platform, both hardware and software. And that's critical, right? What that means is you can put any payload you want, sensors, electronic warfare, kinetic capabilities, you can basically put whatever you want on the platform as long as it fits within the range and payload characteristics of what the boat actually delivers.


That's why we built it so modular, like again, military and commercial. If we stay just on the military side, it might be this op one day, it might be that op the next day and you gotta be able to swap it out. What kind of kinetic capabilities do these have? That's where I'll be vague and I'll kind of leave it to whatever the military wants to put on the platforms the military can put on the plat. Again, we're selling, we're building a defense company. Doesn't mean we don't have commercial customers, doesn't mean that we're not building for the commercial market. But what it does mean is that from a mentality perspective, we're building things that are going to protect this country.


And that is one of the things I was really, really clear about upfront. And it drove a lot of the culture within our company. You know, I, I told people like, look, if you don't wanna invest in a boat that might blow up one day, like this isn't the company for you because we're building things that the military wants to put on. And the last thing I wanted to do is create a Google situation where Google's working on, you know, this AI program and all their employees boycott the company. Like that's not what we're building. So modular platform and literally anything can go on it. We've done aerial drone, like it's just endless. How are they Fueled?


So six foot boats, all electric, 14 foot boats, hybrid diesel, electric and 24 foot boats, all diesel, everything above 24 feet will be diesel. You just don't get the energy density from batteries that you get out of diesel fuel. Again, range payload capacity are really important. Turns out diesel fuel's just super energy dense and that's what works the best. And that's what accomplishes the mission. That's what gives us range. So every diesel's really the primary fuel source. Man. This is, I mean I, so in a, I don't know when in the near future, when we go to the beach, it's not gonna be a buoy that says Keep out.


Do not, no, keep Out. That is, it'll be autonomous, unmanned, it'll be six foot boats that are patrolling rcs, Six feet, 14 feet, 24 feet and on up, right? You know, think of the 24 foot boat. We have eight cameras on it, 360 degree view perception built into the autonomy. It's just the complete, complete awareness of the environment. Now what we're building next, we're building 40 foot, 60 foot, and 150 foot autonomous ship. So yeah, our, our vision is not to have any more buoys out there protecting things.


It's having very, very smart robotic systems that can have a lot of persistence in the maritime domain and deliver complete domain awareness through advanced sensors and the most advanced software in the world. Is there any type of, how would you deploy these on the other side of the world? Is there some type of a mothership that would bring these over? Would they drop 'em out of a plane? How would they get there? That is a key point that needs to be focused on upfront.


That's why range is so important. Where are you launching from? Where are you deploying from? How do you get there? You know, our 24 foot boat was made to be really logistically simple, right? It fits within a 40 foot shipping container. So put it in the shipping container, ship it wherever you want, push it outta the back, off it goes. You know, and, and so you gotta think about that stuff. You gotta think how do these platforms, whether it's 24 foot boat or now it's 150 foot ship, how does that 150 foot ship get to the other side of the world?


Does it have the range? Does it have the fuel? Can you just sail it there? Where is it sailing from, right? That's its mission. How does it get there? Too many people in industry like hand wave that problem like, oh, I'm just gonna make cool stuff and this is a government's problem to go figure it out. Or I'm gonna go make something cool and it's gonna go 50 miles. Well, you better have a plan how to get that thing into theater that is on the other side of the world. And because of advances in the hypersonics and other things that China has, like, we can't get that close.


So that's why when we look at even our, even our six foot boat and I'll be the first person night, even our six foot boat that has a 30 nautical mile range, it's like, what are the use, what are the real use cases for that? Right? It might not be certain conops in the Indo-Pacific 'cause 30 nautical miles, this isn't enough. So you can't hand wave these things. You can't pretend like they don't exist. And we work with the Navy. We're actually helping the Navy figure out what is all of the maintenance and sustainment and logistics and shipping and everything else that goes into actually fielding these types of platforms in the fleet.


So you can change the way that our fleet fights. It's not, hey, I just wanna buy some boats. Yeah, it's just not that easy. But I just think about the logistics. I just saw this thing on X where China, you know, they're talking about their drone capabilities and they had something that looked like a, like a beefed up C 17 or C one. I saw, I saw this is like a 7 37 and all the drones full. Yeah. All the, the doors open and the drones all carries up to a hundred drones. I think I read, you know, that, that, and so I was just, it just popped in my mind on how, how logistically would we get the boats where we need 'em, not just on our shores.


It is something we put a lot of thought and energy into. And as a company and as a country, we need to figure out, going back to the the Cuba example, right? We're fighting, we could be fighting something in their backyard. It's not our backyard. How do we get it all there? How do we make sure we have the superiority or the, let's have the deterrence in the first place. Let's get the deterrence in place so that we don't have to fight at all. That's the whole goal behind us building what we're building, how fast we're building it, and at what scale so that you can actually have the deterrence in place.


You can stop this conflict from ever happening. If China wakes up and they're like, you know what? We're gonna win today. That's gonna be a bad day. 'cause that's the day they're actually gonna pick the fight. So our job's to help avoid that. What kind of stuff can these detect? Can they detect subs? I mean, you can detect anything that you, you can put any sensor on the platform that, and if you talk about how, how anti-submarine warfare is done today, it's pretty archaic, right? Helicopter or aircraft will typically fly off an aircraft carrier, drop little buoys in the water.


Those little buoys will listen for things and then they'll try to identify things and then if they're found, they're found, it's not super efficient. So you can think about, you know, and this isn't anything we're doing today, but you can think about an autonomous boat with sonar attached to the bottom that's just listening for things under the water and able to relocate and move around completely autonomously. And you can put hundreds or thousands of these sensors out there and create a, a listening network for some marine detection. Like that could be really powerful. Again, not anything we're doing today, but it's something that as we get into, again, like I said, we're just scratching the surface on how these autonomous systems can be used and employed.


Do you think you'll be the one to develop that type of technology or develop the logistics vehicle that will take them from point A to point B? Or will you solely focus on the autonomous vehicles? Well, the autonomous vehicles themselves can be the logistical vehicles, right? Our, our a hundred, that's kinda where I'm going. Yeah. Our, our 150 foot ship can carry cargo containers, right? Two 40 foot fully loaded cargo containers. And 150 feet's not gonna be the last ship that we build. So we'll build larger ships that can carry more things. And again, being completely modular, like those ships can carry containers of cargo.


You can carry containers of our boats. You can just have our boats on the back. You can have aerial drones on the back. You can really integrate anything you want into them. And so why would you ship anything on a manned platform when we can't build enough of them in the first place. We just don't have enough manned ships and we don't have the people to man them even if we did. So you have to solve this problem with autonomy. And going back to the, the ship shipbuilding discrepancy with, with the Chinese that we were talking about earlier.


The only way, the only way you solve the problem is by building autonomously. Because the platforms we have today are so complex, so expensive, and so exquisite. And when you look at what the Chinese have done, they subsidized their entire shipbuilding industry and they have people to just throw at the problem and man shipyards to the max. Right? Our workforce has shrunk dramatically. That's something we at Ciran are gonna be laser focused on rebuilding, like changing the culture around shipbuilding. But the only way you really counter the Chinese in terms of mass, in terms of real ship building capacity is through autonomy.


And it's because you can strip all of the complexity out of the ship, right? We talked about aircraft. Aircraft carriers are amazing. They're expensive, they take a long, long time to build, but they're incredible. They're feats of engineering. I mean, these things are 24 feet tall or 24 stories tall, excuse me, 24 stories tall. They're a thousand feet long. You're landing jets on a ship. Like, think about that, right? They house 5,000 people. There's eight different aircr aircraft squadron, there's eight nuclear reactors on a carrier.


They have four props that are 32 tons each. Each prop weighs 32 tons. Wow. So these things are massive feats of engineering. But think about all the complexity that has to be layered into that to support all of those people and all of those different missions, even down to feeding people. You feed 5,000 people for six months, it's like 5 million meals. Geez. It's, it's insane. Right? It's insane. Now take all of that out and all you have is a ship, some engines, sensors, payload, and a computer.


That's it. Yeah. I remember the, I remember our conversation on the plane. You were talking about, you know, some of the pushback from the navy or, or the government, whoever it was about, about having kind of a, you know, have autonomous, have a little bit of, have Yeah. Have a small amount of humans on. And, and you were totally against that. And, and you had mentioned, you know, if we have one human on there, we need a place for 'em to sleep. We need a place for 'em to go to the bathroom. We need hallways, we need chow halls, we need gyms, we need all this, all The things that, stuff That you, that really, I mean, it all just becomes OB obsolete. Yep.


Which saves you a ton of weight, I would imagine as well. More importantly, it saves time. It saves time and complexity. And it lets you get the shipbuilding process down from years to, I mean, we're talking about weeks and months. Like I told my team, like we're building 150 foot ship. I went in the water by the end of the year. Wow. Right? We have a eight or nine month development cycle. Like that's, and that's on our first prototype. We're trying to get this down to weeks and then have multiple production lines. Like we wanna be able to build hundreds of autonomous ships every year. Like that's, that's our vision.


And so, and how we're doing that is, so we have a site in Franklin, Louisiana. We acquire a shipyard, phenomenal shipyard. We're gonna invest hundreds of millions of dollars over the next three or four years into that shipyard to scale capacity there. And we're gonna be able to build, we're, we're targeting 50 a year at that ship, 50 a year at that shipyard, which it in and of itself is this massive step up. Right? Yeah. I mean, we just talked, 2023 was a net negative Four, net negative. And we built nine ships the whole year. You know, we have a plan to retire 19 over the next 24 months. So we keep going down.


And the United States, this is an interesting time. So the United States has 296 ships in its fleet. We're actually passed by the Chinese four years ago in terms of fleet count. We have a stated goal. We had a stated goal of 355 ships. That goal is increased to 381 last year. Even though we keep declining and can't execute on the 3 55 that we had for 10 years, assuming that we could execute on it, there's a 30 year plan that'll cost the taxpayer $1.2 trillion or $40 billion a year to execute on a plan that we can't execute anyway.


But that's the ship building plan. That's how you get from 296 just to 381. Imagine how many autonomous ships that you can have, right. And the capabilities and how much more powerful the Navy will be with manned and unmanned ships working together. And you have much more unmanned ships patrolling the waters all being controlled by humans. You keep people safe like that. That's the other thing. And I sit in front of congressmen and women and senators, and I go through the stats that we just went through. Like, here's why we can't compete with the Chinese. Because the Secretary of Defense just came on the, just like I was on the news.


He said, yeah, the Chinese can take out all our aircraft carriers in 20 minutes with their hypersonic missiles. So here's all the facts. Like that's the Secretary of Defense. That's not me making up a number. Here's the ship building. Here's why. If we lose an aircraft carrier, forget about the 5,000 people for a second. You can't get another one. So these are just facts, but take all that and throw it out the window. Right? We now, as a country, have the technology, which means we have the capability to send robots into combat. That should mean that we have the responsibility to do that.


No longer should we send people, if we have the opportunity to send a robot, whether it's a robotic ship, whether it's a robotic plane, like we have a responsibility to keep people safe. And I mean, you've seen it. I've seen it. Like come's real. It's not what you see on a Hollywood movie. It's not anything you want people to have to go, I don't want my son to have to go through it. Right? That's why we're building what we're building. And so we can go through the stats all day long. You're not getting another aircraft carrier. We still need aircraft carriers, but let's keep those 5,000 people safe. Let's keep them out of the weapons engagement zone.


Let's have them controlling thousands of autonomous boats and ships and everything else that are patrolling the waters and overwhelming our adversaries. Will you guys build the weapon systems that will go on these TBD? Who knows at the pace that we're moving? I think in going to your point, anything's possible. Right now we're focused on building the platforms. Right? And going back to the shipbuilding and, and our ambition and shipbuilding, it's really staggering to think about E even I pause and really digest like what I'm saying, right?


But if you think about the Chinese and the numbers we were throwing out earlier, they have 23 million gross tons of shipbuilding capacity. The United States has a hundred thousand gross tons of shipbuilding capacity, just total shipbuilding. I can build 23 million tons, I can build a hundred thousand. That means I can build a whole lot of boats or ships, and I can build very few, 230 times what Ciran is doing through our Franklin, Louisiana site and also through Port Alpha, which is our vision. And we're working on this now. So we're going through site selection. We're going through build plans. We're, we're not waiting.


We're doing it right now where we're gonna go invest billions of dollars to completely revitalize the shipbuilding industry in this country. We're gonna create the most advanced shipyard anywhere in the world. And our target is 10 million gross tons of shipbuilding capacity. So now when you take that in context, we're talking about building, just surrounding taking the United States from a hundred thousand to 10 million in a hundred thousand. Wow. You're talking about taking the deficit with Chinese from 230 to one, like two and a quarter to one.


But because you're building autonomous platforms and they're still building man platforms, you can actually build at a much higher rate. That's what we need at this country. That's how we, we don't wanna match the Chinese. We want to, we wanna win, we want to beat 'em. We want to create that deterrence so that they're like, yeah, we're I gonna pick that fight today? Right. That's the capability we need in this country. And we're looking at bringing the shipbuilding industry back in a way that we haven't seen in this country since World War ii. Right. And this is, this is SpaceX. This is SpaceX space was this space industry was dead.


Yeah. You had primes. You had primes in the market. Boeing's had a space program. This, you know, SpaceX, SpaceX and Boeing in 2016, each got contracts to send astronauts to the International Space Station. So SpaceX got a $2.4 billion contract. Boeing got a $4.2 billion contract in 2020. SpaceX sent the first astronaut to the International Space Station and they'd done 45 missions since 2020 just to the International Space Station. Boeing is delayed over budget and keep failing.


So the large primes aren't getting it done. And we've seen this now play out in the space industry. And you're gonna see the same thing play out in the shipbuilding industry. Where, again, I know it sounds crazy that a two and a half year old company is the company that's going to invest billions of dollars and recreate the ship building industry and build this shipyard from the ground up and build thousands of autonomous boats and hundreds of autonomous ships. And this is gonna be the future of the Navy. Sounds crazy. 'cause it is crazy. But it doesn't mean it's not true. I mean, I love it. I think that the, what was it, the big five Five, Yeah.


You know, they've monopolized the entire defense industry. And so, you know, guy like you pops up on the map or Palmer lucky pop pops up on the map. I mean, what kind of, I mean, we talked about the lobbying firm earlier, you know, do you, do you think, or do you know, are they lobbying against you? I mean, that's gonna put a major dent in their pockets, I would imagine. I'm sure they are. I'm sure they are. But I don't think it's malicious. I think in some cases, some primes genuinely believe that they can go and do this.


And in our, in our case, I think there's some primes that genuinely believe they can go and build autonomous ships at the speed and scale that the Navy needs. And that there's no way that Ciran can do it. And that's okay. There should be other people in the market doing things like the government shouldn't shut down. The Navy shouldn't stop and say, Hey, Dino tells a great story. We're good. They're gonna reinvent shipbuilding and everybody all stop. Sharon's got it. No proof's gonna be in the pudding. Who's gonna actually go and do it? Who's gonna put their money where their mouth is and who's gonna execute?


I'll tell you, we are. So the only thing we ever ask for is, yeah, let the primes lobby. They should be telling their story, they should be trying to build things, keeps us hungry, keeps us paranoid, Creates the competitiveness. But don't create a mono, a monopolistic environment where things are awarded without competition. Just let us compete fairly. And if a prime beats us and you wanna go buy that ship, You should do that. That's what the country, what is best for the country. The best for the best thing for the country is having an open competition, seeing who can actually do it, who can stand behind what they were gonna say.


And I'll tell you, over the last three years, every single thing we have told a customer, we have stood behind and we have delivered every time on time on budget with zero exceptions. And that is something I take very seriously and we will never, never waver on. And it's, the Navy's not used to that. I mean, just look at the ship building programs today. I mean, they're all, I think they're, I think they're literally all delayed. Wow.


Back to the kinetic capabilities of these boats. I mean, it, it doesn't sound like right now that you are manufacturing and designing new weapon systems that will go on these boats, which, which means you must know what ship capabilities have or, or, or what, what kind of kinetic tech goes on the ships or, or weapon systems or, or whatnot. So the, you would, you would have to know, because I'm, I mean, I would think that you're designing the ships around our current capabilities so that those can be placed on your boats.


Am I correct? Yes and no. Yes and no. It goes back to the modularity of it, right? The, as long as you have in your, your example like weapon systems, what weapon systems can you put on the boat? We basically say, look, it's 24 feet long. Here's the length of our payload bay, here's the width of our payload bay, and it can carry a thousand pounds. What fits inside of that? Again? 'cause it's not just weapon systems, it's built for defense and commercial applications. And, and then of course we talk to the var, the various customers and the weapons system we had, we talked to the military and we say, give us the universe of things that you would want to put on it.


Just like any product, right? You go and do the customer discovery, like how do you think you could potentially want to use this? And then you build the most modular platform that you can both hardware and software. So not only do you have to integrate from a hardware perspective, which we've made very easy, but you have to tie whatever that payload is into the software and autonomy so that it can then be controlled the same way that the boats are controlled. So unless you can integrate all of that together very quickly, what's the point?


So that's why we made the platforms module, that's why we focus on software first. That's why I focus on a very universally designed hardware platform. It's like, look, I don't actually know all the weapon systems that the military may wanna put on this one day. So would you would I don't think the mil, I don't think the military knows for that matter. Probably not, right? Because again, we're just starting to use autonomous systems on the battlefield. It's just, it's just, we're just scratching the surface up. Would Nik be the one that does the modifications to the ships to, to place system? Yeah, Of course. We, we Would do, because I mean, you have basically, you have a, for lack of a better term, you have a cookie cutter product. Yep. Right?


That can be manufactured in record time, lots of them within a year, you get that. You, you sell, let's just say 50 50 ships to the US Navy. And then do they do the modifications to the boats to put their weapon systems on? Or do they say, Hey, this is what we wanna put on this thing. We need you to modify the boat, however, however you need to, to be able to carry this. I mean, if it's a missile silo Yeah. If it's a crazy radar system, if it, you know what I mean? Yep. That kind of stuff. So we try to keep the engineering work out of the government's hands.


Not saying they're bad engineers, but they're, they're just not an organization that's set up to scale. Right? That doesn't mean we're only gonna be the ones doing the integration work. Right? There could be a variety of ways that, that sort of, that that side of the business works, right? You, we talked about the large primes a lot. And, but they do make good systems. They do make weapon systems and things that the military wants to put on our boats. So maybe we partner with the large primes and they send their people here to help with the integration, right? They send their people to ic or we're working with the government and the government's like, Hey, we want this on the boat. Great. The government may send some people to IC and you know, we're not really tied into this is how it has to happen and it only has to be us.


But when you want it at speed and scale, having the engineers with that mindset running the efforts, because here's the thing, you could build a thousand boats, but if your integrations aren't set up to sand, it takes you, you know, you're building a boat every eight hours, but it takes you six months to do an integration. Who really cares? Because at the end of the day, the capability that's rolling off the line is six months. That's the longest power in your chain. And that has to be at the same rate of our boat manufacturing. And so that's what we have to work with all of our partners on to make sure that we're doing these integrations in the quote unquote the the IC way When it comes to the ai, the, the, the, you know, the, the, the brain of the vessel, is that inside the vessel or does it live outside of it?


Both. So there's, there's a brain, like the brain of the vessel lives in the boat. Okay? So it's critical. It is absolutely critical. And I mean, hammer this point, like the intelligence of the platform and the mission capability has to live at the edge. And let, let me explain why. So I'll back up a little bit and I'll talk a little bit about the different types of autonomy and kind of where we're at. I mentioned these terms earlier, man on the loop or man in the loop, man on the loop, and man out of the loop. What are the, and what are we building at Ciran? Men in the loop, think of a remote control. So this is your, this is your predator drone. This is, it's actually one, it's actually many to one.


So it's the opposite of what we're building because you have one person on a joystick and you have three or four people behind that person reading all the sensor data coming off of the aircraft saying, Hey, I'm seeing this over here, turn left. I'm seeing that over there turn right. It actually takes about four or five people to pilot one predator drone because a humans controlling everything. It's just, they're just not actually in the cockpit. They're in a Conex box in Conex box in Las Vegas. So that's men in the loop, then there's men on the loop, which then flips that. And you go from many to one to one to many. And that's, that's what we're building at ceramic.


It's how do you have a ton of systems out in the field that are all collecting information? The information's processed at the edge, then passed up into a universal kinda mission planner control system, and then shown to a human in a very condensed fashion that reduces the cognitive load on the human not trying to interpret or digest all the information coming off of thousands of sensors across hundreds of boats, right? So one person, not really in the loop, but on the loop saying, oh, check thread over there.


Authorized to proceed. Check human has control of the platform. And in all of these things, I wanna be clear, humans always have control. Humans are making decisions where they go. It's just how far along the, where in the kill chain are you putting approval processes? Then there's men out of the loop, which means like the autonomous system's just alone and unafraid and doing whatever it wants. And we actually have these types of systems, like our ages, weapons systems on our destroyers that are for incoming air defense. Like those are out of the loop. You set it on the ship, and I'm simplifying this obviously, but you put it on the ship, you press a button, you enable it, and then if aerial threats come in, they're gonna shoot 'em down, right?


And you can imagine if an aerial threat, if a missile was coming in, say there's like five missiles, you don't want a person to be like, oh, yep, that's a missile. Shoot it down. Oh, yep. That, that's another one. No, no. Shitter comes 10 more usually. Yeah, right? You just want a computer to say, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And all the missiles get shot down. So there's men in the loop on the loop and out the loop. The reason why the, the AI living on the edge is so critical is because in any type of real conflict, and you're seeing this in Ukraine, is there's gonna be massive amounts of electronic warfare, and there's gonna be communication jamming.


So not only does that remote control system not scale, because you can't control hundreds of thousands of altogether with people sitting next to each other trying to figure out what each other are doing. You just can't do it. Not only does it not scale in a scenario where there's real jamming or electronic warfare, those radio links that are with from the joystick to the platform go dead. And now that it's rendered useless. So you need autonomous systems with intelligence living at the edge that don't require constant connectivity back to a satellite or a human or whatever, able to know what to do.


What's the mission? How do I process information? What information do I have to get sent back to the headquarters before I do the next step? What happens if I don't hear from headquarters? Okay, great. Oh, I only have five kilobytes of bandwidth. Let me process this information down. Let me shrink it, let me send only the most important information necessary for the mission back. So all of those things are hypercritical, all that has to be defined through software. And that's why that's fundamentally why men in the loop just does not work. Now, the difference between men on the loop and man out of the loop is really just approvals.


It's really just a government regulation and policy that needs to get set. And the argument that I hear from folks is, okay, like, do we really want robots making decisions on who to kill? No. No. But don't think of it like that because it's not the right way to think about it. If you're in a combat scenario, the robot isn't deciding who's, do I get employed here? Do I like, do I put a weapon system in this area? No. Like the human saying, I'm gonna put a weapon system there.


It's just, am I putting a smart weapon system or weapon system? What type of weapon system am I firing a torpedo that I can't call back? Or am I using an autonomous boat with other autonomous systems that I can call back because I can still control it through software. So all of these things come into play when you're saying, okay, like how should we really think about autonomy and even man out of the loop autonomy. Like you're still saying, okay, this boat's gonna go in the water, it's gonna patrol this area, and if this, this type of threat comes in, then you have authority to execute and you're just giving the approvals all the way through the end of the kill chain.


Okay, So that's, that's all man of the loop, man out of the loop is, it's like you're basically just approving the entire kill chain at the beginning of the mission. Is that real? I actually, look, I understand the, the need to have the approval process baked in, but when you get into com, I mean, you've watched ISR feeds, you've seen how crappy they are. You've seen what kind of like smokes in the, do I want like the most advanced computer vision in the world that's living on the edge saying, yes, that's the right target, or do I want a human that's watching a a, the worst bandwidth video feed that you can ever imagine with smoke and everything else around it trying to say, yeah, I think it's the target.


I mean, it's something we're gonna have to get comfortable with over time, but again, it's not, oh, we're just employing robots and robots are making the decisions on warfare, right? Those are the types of autonomy and that's how they're employed on the battlefield. How Simple would it be for China to hack an entire fleet? You really can't. We're we're focused on focused cybersecurity. We use military grade encryption. When you're operating the military domain, you have to operate with the cybersecurity protocols of the United States government. So those are standard, those are just, you have to have them, otherwise you're not being utilized in the field, right?


So that is something we take very, very seriously. We even take the cybersecurity of our company very seriously, because let's be clear, like China as a nation state, they've been hacking into companies to steal secrets for years. Like that's not a, that's a well-known fact. Yeah, that's, so we have to think about not just how do we protect our solution or our products in the water, and we talk about how we doing that with government standards and encryption and everything else, but how do we, how do we protect the company? Because the Chinese aren't, I mean, I, I hate to use this term, but they're not fighting fairly and there's no such thing as a fair fight, you know, that.


So they're trying to take every advantage that they can, and if that means they can hack into our company and delay our production by six months, they might do that, right? So we have to make sure that we're protected 360 degrees product, company infrastructure people, I mean, myself and the entire leadership team were, what's the word I'm looking for? Were basically banned from China. I forget, I'm forget, I'm blanking on the word, but we put out, they put out a, a term like our company and our leadership team is basically banned from China.


Congratulations. I Know. I was like, what the hell? Like, what the hell took 'em so long? But if I, if I took a trip to Beijing right now, it would probably be a, a one way trip with a lot of questions. Do you have any aspirations to repurpose the fleet that we do have our current naval fleet into making those autonomous surface warfare boats as well? So basically what I I'm saying is pulling off the entire staff and putting in the hardware and software that you guys have developed to operate these ships without human manning No, no, no.


It would, for a few reasons. For a few reasons. One, and then I'll talk about two. One is, it'd be, it'd be way cheaper to just build new ships. It would, it'd actually be way cheaper than to go in and try to retrofit the entire naval fleet. I, I can't even ballpark the amount of work and cost that, that would entail. Not to mention the complexity behind actually integrating with hardware that wasn't selected purposefully to be controlled by software. So one of the things that we do is very, is like we hardware, software co-design where our software engineers are picking all of like the engines with our hardware engineers.


Like, yeah, okay, I can, I can control that engine through software because it has an API and it has this and it has that. Okay, cool. Yes, you, you hardware engineer can now select that. That's not, that hasn't been done on naval ships to date. Secondly, and more importantly, I am a very, like we need man ships, we still need the navy ships that we have. Why do we need man ships? Well, China's not the only adversary we're facing and it's not the only way to project power. Like the only way to project power is not just through autonomy.


Think about aircraft carriers for example. You go back to, well, let's go December 7th, 1941, Pearl Harbor before December 7th, the center of naval warfare revolved around the battleship December 7th, carrier based aviation really became the center of naval warfare. And you think about what carrier based aviation provides the country it's ability to put 5,000 people air eight different squadrons of aircraft anywhere in the world where we don't have a base and project power that's important.


But we could do that with drones, we could do that with drones. We don't ha right now we need people like it is men and unmanned teaming. And I don't think over the next call at 30 to 40, I don't think we're gonna see a world where it's like truly like robots on robots. Like people still make decisions, right? And I, there's a really important aspect like look, we're building autonomous aircraft, but we're also building next generation fighters, right? And we need both of those things as a country.


It's not an or conversation. It really is an end conversation. We need this end. This where it becomes an or conversation is really like, okay, do I really need that 12th aircraft carrier that costs $13 billion? Or do I only need five aircraft carriers and I can save $50 billion on new construction and I can build, save $50 billion a year on maintenance. And I'm making up numbers obviously, but, and I can now put that money towards autonomous systems.


So what's the right mix to have the most powerful fleet and the most powerful military in the world? I don't think it's saying zero people, but I don't think it's, we need 381 man ships either. So it's some mix in between How many, how many people would it take to, let's, let's fast forward five years. How many, how many boats do you think you'll have in the water that are operational From a production reapers? I mean, we have the capacity to build hundreds, like literally hundreds of boats right now in our facility in Austin, we only have 65,000 square, or no, sorry, our main manufacturing facility is 65,000 square feet.


We have overall 150,000 square feet in total online. But we're opening a facility that's 420,000 square feet. The main manufacturing facility would be close to 120,000 square feet. So we're three xing the space that we have available, and we're going from hundreds to thousands of boats per year. So that's just thousands Of boats per Year. Thousands. And that'll be online by the end of the year. That is coming online very, very quickly. So we have that capability in Austin that's for, call it small unmanned surface vessels. That's just one facility. It's Just one facility.


It's just one facility that's for our smaller vessels. So throw out a number, five years. How many boats do you think? Just any, just an estimate That are operational or we could build Operational Navy implements this. Thousands, Thousands, let's say 2000. I'll throw out a number. Yeah, two. Yeah, 2000. That's fair. I mean, how Many, how many, how many humans does it take to operate a a fleet of 2000 of your autonomous boats, As many as it takes to put 'em in and out of the water. That's It. That's it. That's, that's the logistic piece of it. How do you launch and recover?


One person five years from now will be able to control every single boat in the water. Now if they're on the same mission, right? If you say these 2000 boats are all doing the same thing, all patrolling the same area, we're on the same mission. Now if you have 200 boats in Taiwan Stray and you have 200 boats in the Red Sea and you just all, you can have different operators for different mission sets in different areas, obviously, but the software is limitless and it's only like the software is increasing at a pace that I think it's hard to comprehend. Like not, and I'm not just talking about, I'm talking about like software and technology in general, like chat, EBT over the last, I don't even know the timeframe, like year or two improved like 4000%, right?


I don't think I've ever seen anything in my life improve 4000%. So that's how fast technologies is evolving right now. And we're putting all of that tech into our boats so that the, the capabilities of the software quite limit, quite literally are limitless. So where I'm kind of going with this is what does the future of the Navy look like in terms of manpower? I I think it's gotta be much lower. Like that's, that's our goal. That should be the Navy's goal, right? They, they have all the services have recruiting issues right now, nobody's fully manned, right?


And if we're competing against a country with 1.2 billion people that are able to mandate military service, how do you compete with that? Unless you're adopting autonomous platforms, right? And when you talk about cost drivers and how do you make more, how are you more efficient for the taxpayer? And then again, keeping people safe, you know, I don't know the right mix of how many people do we need total in the Navy as we adopt these soon Nobody knows. The Navy doesn't know because we don't have 'em yet. And so that's okay, right?


How do you figure out all the conops, how do you figure out what you need 10 years from now? You just, you start doing it and it all kind of, you figure it out as you go the, hey, we'll sit around and we'll figure this out on a whiteboard and we'll build PowerPoint slides for four years. That needs to stop. So what the ratio or, or what overall navy manning looks like 10 years from Now, I don't know. But the number of humans that will be put at potentially at risk will be exponentially lower. I'm a hundred percent with you. I mean, if, if when I first started hearing about, I mean, I guess drones, you know, was the kind of, the first thing that crossed my mind is there goes, there goes the human connection from a guy on the ground to the aerial platform that's covering your ass.


You know, once I got over that and I I I mean it's just less people going to war that have to, I mean, you, you had mentioned it earlier, less, less people that have to live with the traumatic experiences that that war gives you. And so I'm, I'm, I'm a hundred percent on board with you. I think it's amazing what you're doing. It's just, I can also see the aspect of how it'll be hard for especially flag officers and congressmen to go, this is gonna shrink the Navy, it's gonna shrink it quite a bit. Well it Go, it goes back to my point earlier.


Like I don't, I'm not, I'm like firmly not in the camp of, we, we need less man Navy ships right Now. I don't think that's the right answer right now. Right. Maybe 10, 20 years from now as everything evolves, look, we still have the most powerful navy in the world. If we went to Warrior China tomorrow, would we win? Yeah, a hundred percent. Well, I don't know about a hundred percent, but I believe like Dino's belief a hundred percent, right? Because we're the United States. Now, maybe that's naive view. Maybe that's a, that's a disputed view.


But I believe we have the most powerful military in the world still today. I don't think the Chinese ships have the capabilities that we have. I don't think their sailors have the resolve that we have, right? But the trend lines are going in the wrong direction, completely wrong direction to where I don't know how much longer that's true for. Right? And so what we need to do is not, not replace and shrink the Navy that we have, it's augment and force multiply the Navy that we have. It's make our Navy 10 times more powerful, a hundred times more powerful through autonomy so that we can crush any hope the Chinese have of starting a conflict with us.


Like that's the goal, right? I think it's a long time out and it, I I take your point and flag officer, like are they protecting their jobs and their domains? And is Congress really gonna be like, let's go shrink the Navy. I don't even know if that's the answer. Right? Right now we're just focused on how do we make the navy more powerful? How do we augment the ships that we have in the fleet? 'cause we can't get more of 'em 'cause we can't build them. And how do we keep the people safe, right? And how do we do that through autonomy? And look, we talked about the trade offs earlier. What's the right ratio, right? Is it okay, I don't need the next aircraft, I don't need, you're talking about the ability to 10 x the capability of the entire fleet for the cost of a few ships, like single digit ships that we can't really build anyway.


So the ability to do that at a much faster pace, at a much more economical price point is just, there's no, and and so the, the universal view that I'm hearing both within the Navy and Congress is, and, and I am completely aligned with, is like, there's just no other way. There's no other way. We need this. Right? And now it's our job, Sharon, like go get it done. We have to keep putting our money where our mouth is. We have to keep proving it out every single day. 'cause the country needs it.


The world needs it. I love it. I love it. You know, I told you at breakfast we're building a new studio and I'm actually putting a moat around the entire studio. So, you know, I I expect to get a six foot wave runner autonomous vehicle to patrol. I'll, I'll have to have you sign it though. Yeah, We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll have it there for sure. I told you then, not just about commercial use cases, one of our key ones can be protecting your new studio. Oh, I'm only semi bullshitting you, but, well, Dino, this has been a fascinating conversation. And, and man, it, it was just an honor to have you here and, and I'm just so happy for you and what you're doing for the country and, and all the success that you're experiencing and, and I just love it, man.


So Thank you. Thank you for the time and well, Thank you for having me again. It's an honor to be here and it's so exciting to see all the, the things that you're doing as well. So keep crushing it and I'm looking forward to the next one. You too. Thank you. Awesome, Man. Thank you.


I gotta tell you, when I was younger, I could sleep anywhere in the back of a car, on a boat, a helicopter, or even on a log in the woods, literally anywhere. Now, especially with my hectic schedule, it is tough to get a good night's sleep. Thankfully, I'm well rested with Helix. Since I've started sleeping on the Helix mattress they sent me my back pain is so much better and I wake up feeling refreshed and I'm always ready for whatever the day brings. Helix is made to fit your body type and sleep position. And Helix has been recommended by multiple leading professionals as a go-to solution for improving sleep. They can even recommend which mattress will work best for you. Now is the best time to try Helix and right now they're having a summer sale. Go to Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off site-wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ss for 20% off site wide. Helix sleep.com/ss.


The United States Soccer Federation presents the US Soccer Podcast Inside the opening 45 seconds. Wants a go with that cannon of a left foot? I'll even it at one. Never miss a game. Want a start from the United States shot for distance? What a goal. Never miss a moment Exquisite from the San Diego. Can he finish? Yes he can. Yeah. The US Soccer Podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.