
At Sierra Discover top workout gear at incredible prices, which might lead to another discovery. Your headphones haven't been connected this whole time. Awkward. Discover top brands at unexpectedly low prices. Sierra, let's get moving.


Get Into your body's vitals with the Vitals app on Apple Watch. I want to get The vitals app tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only, and not for medical use.


Erik Prince Erik Bethel was hoping you guys would meet someday. Glad to make that happen. But Eric's with A cake. Yeah. Truly An anomaly. Three Of them in the building right now. Yes. But just Thank you guys for coming both of your repeat guests. Former ambassador to World Bank, Erik Prince, former CEO of Blackwater, Navy SEAL. So I wanted to get you Ambassador of happiness, am Ambassador of Happiness. I wanted to get you guys in here about this Taiwan stuff that's going on. So the timing couldn't really be better for me. I got the vice president of Taiwan coming on here pretty soon, and so everything just lined up perfectly.


And I wanna use this interview to kind of educate the audience, and not only the audience, but myself on, on why this, why Taiwan is such a strategic location and why it's so important in, in the world and when it comes to chip manufacturing, all this stuff. But, you know, I did not realize how delicate that situation was due to its history with China until I started prepping for this interview. And I mean, I knew, you know, the semiconductors and it's been terrifying to me to, to think that China might take them and they say they will buy 2027, but when you look at the history, it's, it's pretty dicey.


And so, Erik Bethel, if you don't mind giving us a brief history on Taiwan and China and Sure. And how de kept this situation actually was prepared. You know, I'm not a, not a historian, but I'll give you some, a rough, a rough outline. We gotta go back way, way, way early. So the Dutch arrived, well, the, the Portuguese discovered Taiwan. They called it Ilia Mosa, which means, you know, beautiful island. The Dutch arrived in the 1620s or so and formed little villages of sorts. The people that were living in Taiwan were Austronesian tribes.


There were no ethnic Han Chinese living there at the time. And the Dutch were at the time competing with the Spaniards. The Spaniards had a settlement in one part of the island. The Dutch had a settlement in the other. And it was ironically the Dutch that began bringing in folks from mainland China into Taiwan. Typically, they were typically from Fujian province, but some came from the south. And over time it was, Taiwan was essentially a backwater. Neither the Ming Dynasty nor the Ching dynasty gave a rip about Taiwan. And in, I wanna say 1895, somebody will correct me on this, I'm sure the Japanese took it over.


And it was a part of Japan until after World War ii. Never in Taiwan's history was it a part of the Chinese Communist Party. And so after the Chinese revolution as Chiang Kai-shek and the nationalists were losing, they fled and they started the Republic of China in Taiwan. So there were two Chinas, there was a communist China, and then there there's the nationalist China. But there has never been any Chinese Communist party presence or any history linking it to, to the Chinese, current Chinese government.


Is that, That pretty much sums it up. So, but it's gone back and forth and back and forth a couple times since 1949, correct? Nope. Never been ruled by Beijing. No. Never Been ruled by Beijing. Beijing. Not since 49. Like he said, Shang Kai Shak fled there with the nationalist leadership. And there's been serious fighting artillery duels. I mean, there's islands that belong to Taiwan that are within five kilometers of the Chinese mainland. Yeah. Pmo, Matsu, I think it's called Kinmen now. Yeah. Gin min right up, like I said, a a a a hour and a half swim from the Chinese mainland. Wow. And so how does, how does the rest of the world view Taiwan?


Do they view, do they view it as part of China, part as part of the communist China? As, As The Chinese communist economy has grown, they, Beijing has used that economic leverage to twist countries into not recognizing Taiwan and to only recognizing Beijing In the seventies, Taiwan was China and we did the switcheroo and we, we gave PRC China the seat that Taiwan used to have in the United Nations, you know, but as Eric mentioned, Nixon did that.


Yeah. Every, it was in the seventies. Every, every country has, with the exception of, you know, a handful have switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to mainland China. And this is a function of the fact that China's economy is so important that it uses it as a lever, a leverage point. But Nixon also did it back then because, you know, the Soviet Union and communist China used to be very, very closely aligned. And then in the sixties, they started having a bit of a falling out and border disputes. And Nixon kind of used that outreach from China 'cause they were afraid of getting run over by the Soviet Union to, to kind of put a wedge between the Soviet Union, The U SSR and, and the Chinese Communist Party.


And, and, and, and you know, you, you look at the history of China, then that was still under Mao. Mao died in 75 or 76. China mainland China had some massive problems in the great leap forward in the fifties, which was a probably the single greatest terrible decision by a political leader where they forcibly collectivized collectivized land. And, and then on top of that, believed all the lies of the, of the local communist officials as to how much each of these fields, each of these farms was producing. And it led to massive starvation.


Like 40, 50 million Chinese died at the hands of their own government because of this forced collectivization of agriculture. And then they start recovering from that. And then they get what's called the cultural revolution in the late sixties, which kind of started at the university level. And if you see woke culture in America, imagine that. But now you have armed woke gangs that are arresting people writ large and, and taking any of the intelligentsia professors, mid-level professionals that are not sufficiently communist and manic getting sent away or executed or worse. And that finally dies down in the seventies.


And Mao is still alive. De Jang took over after Mao dies and de Jang. So that was, he, there was kind of a, a, a buffer period of about two years, I think. And de is the one that started opening up China. And the first trip was to Singapore, which is basically Han Chinese, but on freedom in Singapore, because Singapore went from a lousy fishing village in the, in the 1940s, right at the tip of the Malay Peninsula right next to the Strait of Malacca, a natural shipping choke point. And they went from, like I said, a lousy fishing village to having enormous economic development.


Dang. Said, we want to be like that. And so that leads to the opening up of China for business, and I think it called it communism or socialism with Chinese characteristics. So that leads to this massive development of the economy of China. And they use that leverage to pivot countries away from recognizing Taiwan to recognizing the CCP. But where we are today is a full 180 from where Deng Xiaoping was. And the 180 is the Chinese government has asserted control over every aspect of society. So back when I lived in China, you know, the Communist Party really didn't factor into people's lives in any meaningful way compared to say, Jack Ma or Tencent or TBA or a, a zillion of these companies that were radically transforming the country.


And when Xi Jingping took over, he said, Hey, wait a second, we are an empire just like the Ching Dynasty and the Ming Dynasty before that, we are at risk of losing our empire to these oligarchs. And something's gotta change. And he began reasserting control in the same way Mao did over every aspect of the economy. And today you're basically dealing with a techno surveillance state where dissent isn't tolerated. People have to read Xi Jinping thought. And it's kind of strangely done a, you know, a full circle. You know, Desha Ping opened everything up and now he's closing things back.


And you know, when he is talking about Jack Ma was a high school English teacher, and he builds this company called Alibaba, which becomes the Amazon market massively successful all across China. A true unicorn. And to give you an idea of, of, of Xi clamping down Jack Ma. So it's almost like a Jeff Bezos type figure who's disappeared from public life for almost a year. And then he reappears lecturing at a kindergarten in rural China. And the, and the official press said he had embraced supervision.


That's the level of reassertion of control. So all the growth in the openness that happened in the late seventies, eighties, nineties, early two thousands, really clamped down by Xi. And he is really consolidated control. He's the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao. And, and, and in the latest, I think it was a year and a half ago, he basically at the Chinese, at the party conference, he made it possible for him to stay on effectively emperor for life. 'cause normally they had stayed for five or 10 year terms and he is now for life to the point of Jang X min, his predecessor had him arrested publicly, dragged off the stage at the party conference.


Kind of a f you I'm in charge, a real consolidation. And there's, there's three factions of the Chinese Communist Party. There's young Princelings Xi is a young princeling. So his father literally did the long march with Mao back in the thirties when they escaped, fighting against the nationalists and goes all the way up almost to Xinjiang in the northwest of the country. So that's the lineage, the Shanghai faction, which was another, that's kind of the business faction of the Chinese Communist Party. Yeah. Yep. And the Communist Youth League, both the Shanghai faction and the Youth League have been smashed by his anti-corruption campaign to really consolidate control.


What I found super interesting, Eric mentioned that Xi Jinping's predecessor Hu jal was taken off the stage. That's all right. I know what you meant. So he's taken off the stage and in, in a very embarrassing sort of way, sort of cringeworthy. But what, what I noticed wasn't necessarily the spectacle that was going on between, you know, hu Genta and, you know, Xi Jinping, I was looking at the hundreds of other faces around this, this spectacle looking literally straight ahead. They were scared to look down. And to me it's kind of emblematic of where things are in China.


No one dares do anything in, You know, that, that isn't in conformance with what the government wants because you can get disappeared, you go to jail, you know, you get exiled, you get your fortune taken from you. So everyone lives in this sort of state of abject fear. And I mentioned, you know, techno authoritarianism, you literally have surveillance cameras everywhere and you're facial Recognition. Yeah, facial recognition. So like, as you are crossing, if you're jaywalking, I'm not sure if I mentioned this in in our last podcast, but as you are walking across the street, if you're jaywalking, your phone is geolocating you, it knows that you're jaywalking, the cameras are recognizing that it's you and your phone.


Your Alipay connected to your bank account is deducting money from your bank account as you're jaywalking across the street. Are you serious? Yeah. I mean, it's it's pretty bad. Holy shit. I didn't realize it. And so, you know, all Part of the social credit score spitting, saying something, tell Him about the social credit score. Yeah. If you don't behave exactly as the Xi Jingping thought specifies you get banned from public transportation or from going to the school you want to, or getting the housing that you want, you literally have no rights. And it is, when we see elements of this in woke culture in America with being canceled for speaking out on social media or whatever, they've perfected it at industrial scale in China.


Isn't There a Black Mirror episode on this? I'm trying to remember. But yeah, it's real, it's a real version of this where every facet of your life is monitored and tracked. If you're in a rural highway, their timing, the distances between two points and they will flash on the board on a, on a, on a board, a, the side of the road, your license plate, your name, that you're speeding, also being deducted. Hey, everybody in Taipei, Taiwan, right now there's street market. And tomorrow I am interviewing the vice president of Taiwan.


You guys know I'm talking for a couple years now about the potential Beijing, China taking Taiwan. So we came here to interview the vice president about it took us about six months to get this interview lined up. It's all going down tomorrow. Should be out in a week or two. It's gonna be a fascinating interview. Hope you all enjoy it. See you soon. Cheers.


I've spent years on this show pulling back the curtain and trying to reveal what's really happening in this country. And the truth is, there's a double standard here in America. You see time and time again, people defending themselves, defending their family, and then the judicial system goes after 'em. It's a double standard. And if you don't believe me, check out episode number three with Don Bradley. That is a perfect example of what I'm talking about, because it's not just about what you did, believe it or not, it's how the legal system interprets it. And that's why I am a USCCA member. The U USCCA has over 860,000 members because they know. The reality is, after you stop the threat, the real fight begins. Your membership gives you the education, elite training and self-defense liability insurance you need for the second fight, the legal one. Plus every member also gets access to a 24 7 critical response team and attorney network in the event of a self-defense incident. Violent crime happens too often in America. This isn't about living in fear. This is about being prepared when things go sideways. You don't get to schedule danger in with the world changing so fast. You have to do what you can to protect your family. Check out the uscas risk-free membership at USCCA dot com slash ss. That's USCCA dot com slash ss. Protect more than just your life, protect your future. Go right now to USCCA dot com slash ss.


Summer's here. And if you're anything like me, you didn't spend the winter just sitting around, you stayed sharp and kept moving. And now it's time your gear caught up. And that's why I want to introduce you to Roka. I've been looking for eyewear that can handle any situation with performance and style. And let me tell you, these aren't your average shades. I've tested them in the real world from shooting to fishing to off-roading. And they hold up, they're lightweight, don't slide around on my face and can take a hit without falling apart. And the best part, they look good. They're clean and modern. No frills here, just premium eyewear that performs without compromise. That's something that I respect. And that's also why every time I head out the door, I reach for my Roka Shades. Roca's based in Austin, Texas, American designed, no cut corners. The optics are crystal clear, cut through glare, and the fit stays comfortable all day long. Need a prescription. They've got you covered With both sunglasses and eyeglasses. Not only does Roca have awesome shades, they also have these that protect you against blue light. I wear these every night when I'm winding down for the day and I still gotta look at my phone or my laptop or my iPad. It just helps you wind down and get ready for bed. They are a one stop shop for eyewear that's built to handle whatever life throws at you. Roka is the real deal. Ready to upgrade your eyewear, check them out for yourself@roka.com and use code SRS for 20% off Sitewide at checkout. That's ro k a.com.


So for people to say there's a fundamental difference in governance between a constitutional republic that we live in, where we're supposed to have rights, where the government government mandate is limited to that and the consent of the governed, it is the exact opposite in China. So yes, it is a fundamental difference in governance between a state that has total unbelievable unequivocal control over not citizens, but the serfs that reside there versus citizens. And a republic might be dirty and messy and imperfect. Inefficient, but at least you have rights. Yeah, no kidding. I think that's a really good, really good point.


I mean, there's a, there's a narrative battle going on, right? Our narrative is that the way to govern society is through individual agency freedom free markets, where it's the, the battle of ideas that wins. So, you know, I was coming, I was flying into Memphis last night and, and, and you can see that the Memphis airport, you know, you've got people singing songs. And I thought to myself, Memphis is competing with, to some degree with Austin. Austin is competing with Miami. Miami. And so cities compete with each other for talent, for companies.


Similarly, corporations compete with each other, ideas compete with each other, and the best ideas, you know, rise to the surface. And that's our idea. Whether it's free markets, individual agency, democracy, these are, these are how the values that underpin plus our Judeo-Christian value system. This is what we believe is the right way to govern society over here. It's authoritarianism, state driven capital and surveillance. Right? And autocracy, ours is, as Eric mentioned, a lot messier. Theirs is a lot more efficient. But ultimately when the state directs the, the, I don't know, like you've got 200 million empty houses in China and apartments.


I mean, to me that's economic foolishness. When you kill 50 million people through the, You know, great leap forward, that's just, it's awful, right? But the narrative battle is happening today. And in the short term, it looks like they're winning, right? Because they're more efficient, they can build trains. Like, look at California, you can't build a train from San Francisco to LA it takes, you know, 20 years and billions of dollars. In the short term it looks like they're winning. But I think long term we prevail. Why, why do you think That? As long as we allow the private sector to do what it does best, because if, if it's all government all the time that it's gonna be our solution in America, we're screwed.


That's true. I mean, and that's The only advantage I see that we have is, is the innovators and the yes. The economy to reward massive innovation where they don't have that. Am I, am I missing Entrepreneurship? Anything else? Entrepreneurship is by definition the creative destruction of the old order. And if we get away from that, then we have a, a also ran version of Statism where you get the great leap forward and, and that kind of stupidity. And imagine a, a nationwide, imagine 50 million people starving to death in America. Not likely to happen. 'cause we have, I mean, the idea of empowered citizens, first amendment, free speech, freedom of religion, freedom of association, backed up by a Second Amendment that is so antithetical to how the Chinese government is, and even how Chinese citizens view government.


So it's, it's, it is a 180 out governance view. But let's not think China isn't trying to export their system overseas. You've got, you've got places from small islands in the Pacific, like the Solomon Islands that have just done a security treaty with the Chinese to their security apparatus in airports all over the world to port scanning equipment to the port cranes like 75% of the world's cranes or ZPMC cranes with very likely I'll qualify that with back doors that can stop working.


And so China is exporting its techno authoritarianism around the world. And for some governments it's like catnip, right? If you wanna stay in power forever, if you're a random dictator somewhere, China can help enable that. And they do black bag diplomacy really well. When you're a head of state foreign minister, mining minister, energy minister, whatever, China, where they wanna to get their hooks in, they on your trip to Beijing, they take you to the Chinese foreign ministry, take you to the basement, and there's a long series of safe deposit boxes, one of 'em with your name on it, filled with gold, diamonds, cash, whatever.


And they say, this is yours for when you retire, as long as you play ball with us. Wow. Or people have not just give you, you know, why not give every politician in the country a bank of China debit card and hey, you know, buddy, it's on us. You know, you wanna buy a Lamborghini, invite your family to a trip to Europe, come to Beijing. It's on us. Don't worry about it. I mean, I just, I don't, I don't understand how you combat that In Africa. That's hard. China has made themselves exceedingly unpopular with the vast majority of people, the few government officials that are getting paid off.


Great. But all the big Chinese infrastructure, the mines, the energy, the roads, the bridges. When China goes and does that, they provide capital, they provide a loan and they charge about three times what market rate should be. 'cause they're the only lender and they take everything with them from China to do, to do that. Every worker, the noodle maker, the barber, everything to a little Chinese enclave, in a lot of cases, they're even exporting Chinese convict labor. So you got 10 to 20 years of hard labor on your sentence. In China, they send you to do an infrastructure project in Angola. And when you've completed that job, you're free to stay.


So that has completely alienated the average African 'cause. The Chinese treat them terribly as workers, very abusive. And that's the one thing about Western capital. And there's more accountability through western capital markets, et cetera. And governments that expect western companies that are operating there to behave. And there's a court system to back in the west to hold 'em accountable, non-existent in the, The China African nexus. So China created 10 or 12, 13 years ago, something called the One Belt, one Road Initiative.


And the premise was to build arteries to and from China. Physical arteries like highways, airports, infrastructure, maritime ports and the like. And railways, railways, Especially railways, telecom infrastructure. And the way it works is, you know, I think of it as predatory lending. So they'll go to a given country and say, Hey, we'll lend you, China will graciously lend you whatever, a billion dollars to do whatever. But the fine print says, if you can't pay, well we'll take your port. And clearly that has met with a significant amount of resistance.


So in the case of, I'll give you a few examples. One is Djibouti, where the Chinese lent a very large amount of money, and now China has a military base there. The second place that comes to mind is Right across from The U us base, actually Right across from The U US base. Is it really? Yeah. The next is Sri Lanka, where they built a port. Now they have a 99 year lease. The Chinese on this port, it's called Hambantota. The list goes on. But this is what makes them very unpopular. And they're also just as Eric mentioned, not very nice. And they, they don't treat people with the same levels of decency that, that we would look again, nobody's perfect.


I Mean we're also very unpopular in the world. Correct? Unmute Yourself. No, I don't think so. What about In Europe? Exceedingly Popular yet not Popular. Not with the elites. Look, Europe's been having a free ride for decades on their defense spending. That's a whole other topic we can dig into. But you have, when, when Trump 45 took over, there was I think five of 28 countries that were paying 2% of their defense budgets, 2% of their GDPs in, in defense. That's a not serious Yeah. Alliance. We want, we want alliances, not protectorates.


And that's, I think the, the point that President Trump's been making. Look, I'm not an expert in European politics, but something struck me recently. I saw a map of a recent French election in Marianne Lapin. It's like the entire country is hers voting wise, except for small isolated pockets like Paris. Paris must, must In too long. You know, and it reminds me of the electoral map of California, right? It's a, it's a giant, You know, red state with deep blue San Francisco, deep blue, Los Angeles, et cetera. So whether or not we are popular or unpopular in Europe, I don't know the headline is that we're not, but the reality, I don't know.


So why, why, why is China, when are they gonna make a move on Taiwan? I mean, this is from May 7th from Xi. No matter how the situation on the Taiwan islands evolve, or what trouble, what troubles external forces may make the historical trend toward China's ultimate inev in inevitable reunification is unstoppable. That was on May 7th. Yeah. And, and that's the one inaccuracy, as Eric was explaining, Formosa was never part of, of mainland China, ever. Never. But it is such an irritant because you have what, 1.4 billion mainland Chinese and you have 24 million, largely, well, maybe half 60, 70% Han Chinese in Taiwan.


But you have Han Chinese culture on freedom. Yeah. Which has been enormously successful, enormous wealth generation. And the fact that Taiwan is the size of one large Chinese city, but it is such an irritant because it's the anti anti antithesis. Yeah. To a hundred percent the monolithic Chinese Communist party where what they say goes with no question. A hundred percent. Here's another quote for you. This is Xi Jinping's new year address. As compatriots on both sides of the Taiwan Straits are one family. No one can sever our bloodline affinity, affinity, and no one can block the historical momentum of the unification of the motherland.


Look, there's, there are, I, I don't know how many different ways they can say this, but they want to take Taiwan. And Eric mentioned earlier that Xi Jinping got a third term and he's gonna be emperor for life. One of the justifications for that was that he's gonna take Taiwan. And so the narrative in China and the narrative of the Chinese Communist Party is, there is no other way to govern China historically, the historical precedent is that in millennia we've always been governed by authoritarians because it just, it's impossible to govern the Chinese people any other way.


And over here you've got Taiwan in a thriving, messy democracy where the GDP per capita is higher than it is in, in mainland China. Now, again, small place, You know, with a lot of wealth, you know, with a relatively small population. But the point is, the fact that Taiwan exists is a loss of face to the Chinese Communist Party. It must go. Does that make sense? Makes Sense. On top of the fact that China was not always ruled by emperors over the last couple of millennia. They would come together under a dictator, and then they would, after a couple hundred years, they would fragment apart. And there's what, 54 different ethnicities residing within China, different languages, different faiths even.


And, you know, Confucianism, Buddhism and, and Islam. I'd say it's in our interest to help them go back to a, a bit more of a fractious less consolidated entity. How important is Taiwan to the rest of the world? Not just with semiconductors, but the, Well, look, I think it's important for us, and I'll, I'll give you a few reasons. The day Taiwan goes is the day that the CCP tells everyone, the emperor has no clothes, not the United States military might, could not hold Taiwan.


And if we pretend that we are beacons of freedom, I mean, if, if we want to be beacons of freedom, you know, we, we can't just pretend that, You know, we're gonna let this island of 25 million people become absorbed by communist China. But there are gonna be, there are a lot of implications and, and we can talk a little little bit about those. But the, for me, aside from, you know, the fact that TSMC that produces 60% of the world's chips, and I guess 90% of the high-end ones that is either going to go to the Chinese or all of those fabricator, all the fabs are gonna basically get blown up and all the engineers move to The U us.


In either of those two cases, you have to ask yourself, well, gosh, if the semiconductor manufacturing isn't being done by TSMC, what does that mean for Nvidia? Wait, what does that mean for, you know, ai? What does this mean for, you know, gr or chat GPT or, and, and the nasdaq? What Does it mean for the chips in your F two 50 pickup truck or, or Your iPhone Phones or anything? Everything as, as important as the Arab oil embargo was to the world market in the seventies, gas lines in the United States. Remember when they shut it off after the 73 war?


Imagine that level of hegemony times five Stuff that you don't think about. Your washing machine has chips in it. Where are you gonna get a new washing machine? And everything goes up in price. Not to mention if you can, if you can get it at all, if you can get it at all. So chips are important, but I would also make the argument that if Taiwan, if China takes Taiwan, it's gonna have massive implications for The U US economy. Extreme amounts of inflation, high interest rates, job losses because of the chips.


No, no, it's actually, you're, you're gonna have to bear with me. Indulge me for a second, but I'll take you through like a, a meandering, you know, journey of, of, of economics. I'm sure that there are gonna be some macro eco economists out there that are gonna try and shoot holes in my argument. But bear with me. Here goes, let's begin with, let's take stock in. Understand where we are in our economy. We've got $37 trillion in debt. We've got insane and unsustainable budget deficits. So US government makes money by taking in taxes and we spend money on the military, Medicare, medicaid, whatever, right?


The deficits are in the trillions. And when we can't finance those deficits with tax revenue, what do we do? Well, we issue bonds, right? Treasury bonds and bills and so forth, printing money, print. Well see, the way it works is treasury will issue bonds. They have treasury auctions. We had one, in fact, last Wednesday we did a $16 billion auction. And, but the, the bidders said, well, gosh, we want, we want the rate to be higher. We won't buy your treasuries unless your 20 year, this is a 20 year auction are high enough. And they, they hit a five handle or five, five and change percent.


Why? Well, for many reasons. In part, it's because the, the big beautiful bill adds $4 trillion of debt over the next 10 years. Which seems, you know, financially illiterate because members of Congress just added on a bunch of pork to it. The rating agencies, You know, jumped on the bandwagon, bond yields fell. But look, we're, you know, You know, like those mission impossible movies where, You know, there's a train that's like lurching off a cliff and Tom Cruise is like, you know, trying to escape. And it's like the train is being held by a, by a by a wire. You know, that's like starting to fray.


Like, we're not there yet, but we're approaching that. And so that's the, the context. Okay, back to treasuries. When people don't buy our treasuries, when large institutions and sovereign wealth funds and you know, the whatever Wall Street doesn't buy it, the Fed becomes a buyer of last resort. How does the Fed do this? Well, as Eric mentioned, by printing money, so, well, when you print, you know, crazy amounts of money, you have to ask yourself, why don't we look like Zimbabwe or Argentina in this hype in the hyperinflationary days? And the reason for that is there's an artificial demand for dollars around the world because the dollar is used in almost everything.


Every commodity is priced in dollars. Every, the World's reserve currency, The world's reserve currency, every FX settlement is done in dollar foreign exchange is done in dollars. So everyone needs to use dollars in the world. So we can print for a period of time and the world needs to use it. Okay, let's go, let's take this back to Taiwan. In a Taiwan scenario, if China takes Taiwan, every country in Asia is gonna be told, Hey guys, there's a, there's a new sheriff in town. Why should we trade, you know, Malaysian palm oil in dollars?


Why shouldn't it be in rem mb? And China's been trying to erode and chip away at the dollars reserve currency status in many, many different ways. 'cause they, well, we can talk about that later. So this is bricks? Yes. This is partially bricks. It's partially the ECNY, their, their digital. Now If they did take Taiwan, why would they be the new sheriff in town? Here's the easy corollary. You, you done? No. Yeah. Okay. I was too, I I went on too long anyway. No, no, it was Great. No, no, I, I didn't wanna, I didn't, it was a great thought. I don't wanna interrupt it. 18 0 4, 18 0 5 Britain defeats Napoleon's Navy, okay.


During the Napoleonic Wars and Britain rules the seas for all the 18 hundreds. The British pound was the world's reserve currency. Britain lost, started to lose that at the battle of Jutland, big naval battle against a rising continental industrial power, Germany. They didn't lose, but they definitely didn't win. I would say that marked a pivot in the, in the beginning of the end of the British Empire, which you see collapsing, really ending in the, in the forties and fifties, as all their colonies go away, they lose India. I see the world's reserve currency as the dollar losing that if there is a significant naval loss or even a draw over Taiwan.


I agree. I mean, if you look at, If you look at and, and, and that literally cuts off. So that would be why they're the new sheriff of town. Because they, they, Well, if they're the new look, if, if they're able to take Taiwan and, and the United States leaves, which they want us to leave Asia, just, just leave. We, this is our pole of influence. The South China Sea is ours. Taiwan is ours. The Yellow Sea is ours. We have the largest economy. And let's go back to the way things should be in their mind. The way things should be is China is the center of everything.


And countries around China are vassal states that pay homage to the emperor every year. That's the way it was 200 years ago. And that's a hundred years ago. But, but they called themselves the Middle Kingdom. All maps produced in China, showed China as the exact middle of the world. So they have the economic, military, and cultural might to basically be the sheriff in town. And it's not unreasonable. Look, I'm trying not to catastrophize this too much, but it's not unreasonable for them to push countries in their orbit to use the Chinese Rem and B as opposed to the dollar as the currency of trade in Asia.


Assuming that happens, you have to ask yourself what happens to the dollar? And does it cause inflation back here? And if it does, and the Fed's job, among other things is to counter inflation, what does the fed do? It has to jack up interest rates. So imagine a world, again, look, I may be going out on a limb here, but imagine a world in which the, you know, your mortgage rate, You know, spikes to double or triple what it is today. Or if you're gonna finance, You know, your, your car, how much does it cost? So there's a reason like economics does play into all of this.


Currencies play a role. Treasuries play a role, are, I think un un you know, unchecked spending as a US government plays a role in this. And I think it's, you know, very foolish. I i I don't think it just plays a role. It's the fundamental underpinning. If the dollar is not the world's reserve currency and the idiots in Washington can't continue to deficit spend because no one's gonna buy, no one's gonna use those dollars. It forces The U US government to actually have a balanced budget and cut deeper already the interest payments on the existing debt, interest payments alone on the debt exceed the defense budget. Yep.


Which is already too big. Now you start to literally constrict all aspects of American government spending because of, you know, military victories have very economic realities. So that's a, it is a cascading effect that's catalyzed by a embarrassing loss, unnecessary loss of Taiwan. Now is, is China's economy just as fragile? It's bad. Yep, it's bad. And one could make the argument that, you know, when you have massive youth unemployment, an insane amount of real estate defaults and debt to GDP levels that are really, You know, bad and unsustainable, what does one do to deflect from domestic problems?


You know, you point to the west, you point to Taiwan, and I think this is a time of maximum peril. 10 years from now, I'm not as concerned, but the next couple of years I think are pretty bad. Yes, I fully agree with that. But, but just to double click on something Eric said, right now we're spending a trillion dollars in servicing interest on our debt. Imagine like your credit card, all you're paying is interest on your credit card and it's, you know, that's what we're doing. Furthermore, we have to refinance something close to $10 trillion worth of short-term debt, government debt at higher rates.


So the rates are gonna be at, you know, somewhere between four and 5%, which is gonna exacerbate the interest that we're paying, not The two and 3% that it has been at. Right. And so it's kind of like, there's, there's this show And we have a bill that just went up And Bill Yeah. Adds another 4 trillion, Trillion deeper in. Yeah. Look, I, I think, you know, does anybody, Does anybody look at this shit that's on the inside? Of course they do. Look, look man, don't blame the player. Blame the game. There is not a single member of Congress that's gonna win an election by saying, Hey, I'm gonna, you know, provide less benefits to my constituents.


It just doesn't work that way. We've allowed The U US government to just become so much of a sugar daddy to all aspects of society and no one has ever forced the guns or butter decision. It's guns and butter because the dollars, the world's reserve currency, it's gotten us into the habit of spending anything and everything all the time. And the Fed becomes the buyer of last resort for a lot of things. At least it has over the last 20 years, sort of colloquially known as the Fed put right. The Fed will provide a backstop to anything going wrong with the economy. Now there comes a point where, So we just watch it go off the cliff.


Well, we gotta stop, we gotta do something. But we don't want elections If you try to do something That is the disadvantage to a republic. Yep. I have a collection of German marks from the 1920s, the currency of Germany. This is The Weimar marks. Exactly. And the first ones, the 1, 5, 10, 50, beautifully done, very well printed. You definitely see some effort went into making those bills. But then you get to 20,000, 50,000, a million. And then they just took the million ones and tamped them 1 billion marks. Okay? And you see the destruction of a currency and the destruction of a society.


'cause you took very normal, very orderly Prussian German society and they elected Adolf Hitler Because Of that economic destruction. So we ignore that kind of debt insanity at our own peril. Yep. You can go back to the Roman Denarius. Little by little you started seeing the, you know, silver content, you know, get smaller and smaller and smaller. So there there's been, this is, this isn't something that we haven't seen before, but it never ends Well, it never ends well. But let's understand this, right? So the big beautiful bill passed the house.


It's gonna go through reconciliation. Hopefully members of the Senate will take a more thoughtful approach and remove the extraneous things that we don't need. I'm hoping. But let's also understand that the Republicans have, you know, what, like a two vote majority or a three or something vote majority. I'm sure that there were members of the Republican party that said, look, oh, by the way, the Democrats all voted against it, right? So it's basically along party lines. And so to win over a certain number of Republicans, we had to offer them some concessions. This is how, you know, this is just, I'm not saying it's, it's awesome on the contrary, I'm just saying it is what it is.


What do you do? So it's gonna go through the Senate. Hopefully they go through a thoughtful reworking of this. And it's not another 4 trillion on our debt. It's a lot of money. That's another 10%. Geez. All right, let's get back to Taiwan On that note. Yeah. Wow. That's great. I mean, what, what other countries are concerned with the potential of China taking Taiwan? Are we, are we the only ones that are really that concerned? Us, Japan.


I mean, Australia's gotta be, Japan is very concerned. Just is is anybody doing Anything? Because Taiwan was, was a Japanese colony before the war, right? And, and if the president, I think I was told this, the president of Taiwan, when they visit Japan, they speak Japanese. There's a lot of Japanese spoken in rural Taiwan to this day. The one country in the Pacific Rim that China fears is Japan. Yep. 'cause Japan or you have Han China, that's a race of people. Japan is different. Japan is Mongols on an island.


If it's one thing that terrifies all Han Chinese is Mongols Mongos on a peninsula, Korea mongo's on an island, Japan. And the fact that Japan has woken up and is starting to spend serious money now. And with the magnificent efficiency, right? Toyota level production efficiency of Japanese made weapons, Japan can be a, a significant deterring force. And we should let them be, we should not expect it to be all US Navy all the time. Let the Jap let the, you know, the, the, at a recent exercise, Japan showed up with their flagship, I think it was the Kaga, which was the old command ship of the imperial Japanese Navy.


It's good to let a little bit of that, that Japanese warrior tradition return Korea, Japan, Australia, and the Philippines are the ones that we should most closely follow. I'm concerned politically about where we are, with the exception of the Philippines. And I'll explain, I'll begin with Japan. Japan's prime minister, well the, he's part of a, of a political party. They're called the LDP. And for the first time in quite a while, they don't have a majority in parliament. The second party that's there is called the CDP.


And they are much more conciliatory toward China. They're not necessarily in favor of growing the defense budget. And so Ishiba, the current prime minister has to sort of appease the various constituencies in parliament. So he's not a strong prime minister, like prime Minister Abe was several years ago. That's Japan. Korea is a disaster right now. Former President Moon had martial law, he's in jail. He may face, you know, many years in jail up to potentially the death penalty. There's a snap election that's being held next week. Why is he in jail?


Go ahead. Because there is China works on their neighbors. Yep. Massive political subversion. A hundred Percent In all these countries. You see it in Japan. And it was especially the case in Korea. And the reason that Prime Minister tried to act was to cut off that subversion. Yep. And It and North Korean as well. Correct. And it, yeah, in that case, you see China, North Korea very much cooperating to undermine South Korea. Politically, that's the vulnerability of a democratically elected government is the ability for outside forces to, to screw with it. It's very much the case in Korea for the first time.


We've seen in many, many decades what, where that goes. You might see a devolution of democracy in, in Korea where another right wing strong man takes over to say, we're not gonna, we're not gonna live with left wing subversion of the country. And right now, the Leftwing guy, it, there's an election next week and the the left wing candidate whose name is Lee, is favored to win. And this candidate is, you know, very sym, more considerably more sympathetic toward China than his predecessor.


So you've got Korea in a state of political turmoil, you've got a relatively weak Japanese prime minister because he's gotta balance the different factions. And in Australia you have a Prime Minister Albanese, who again, is much more conciliatory. He's from the left wing sort of labor party side of the equation. Who values interference in Taiwan and you know, Non interference. Well, nobody wants to get into World War iii. Like I certainly don't, I don't think anybody does.


I, but you can't sort of signal that you're not gonna interfere. Now, I'm not saying he has, but he comes from the political party that has been, you know, again, much more conciliatory. Let's not, you know, let's not muddy the waters with China. Let's just keep things on an even keel basis.


If you're a parent like me, you know, you always want to give your kids a great life and childhood. One thing I really want to give them is the protection of their future. With life insurance, I can rest easy knowing that they're secure. No matter what comes Fabric by Gerber Life is term life insurance. You can get done today. Made for busy parents like you all online and on your schedule, you could be covered in under 10 minutes with no health exam required. If you've got kids, and especially if you're young and healthy, the time to lock in low rates is now Fabric has partnered with Gerber Life, trusted by millions of families like yours for over 50 years. Fabric has more than just life insurance. It's your one stop shop. With free digital wills and more, join the thousands of parents who trust fabric to help protect their family. Apply to an just minutes at mefa.com/sean. That's meet fabric.com/sean. MEE tfa.com/sean. Policies issued by Western Southern Life Assurance Company, not available in certain states prices subject to underwriting and health questions.


The national debt is spiraling out of control. Trade wars are causing record volatility and inflation continues to rise. Are you prepared for what might be coming in the rest of 2025? Don't sit on the sidelines. Take action today to help protect your hard earned cash. You can even do this tax and penalty free call today at eight five five nine three six gold or visit sean likes gold.com. Have a plan, get organized and protect what you've worked so hard for. Right now, you can get a free 2025 gold and silver kit for my partners at the top rated Precious Metals Company, Goldco. Learn more about the benefits of gold and silver, especially during these economic times. Plus, you could get unlimited bonus silver if you qualify. That's unlimited bonus silver. Help secure your future today. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6. Gold performance may vary. You should always consult with your financial and tax professional before making an investment decision.


And its Worth what Do these people think happens if It's worse than that? China, Australia, all of 22 million people has had a massive influx of non-native Australian type people. A lot from China, Chinese, And Indians, which don't really subscribe to the, the same old Aussie values as you would that you would imagine. And especially the the, the, the Chinese business class. And it's been both sides of the party, both sides of politics. The right wing has been sellouts to corporatists and You know, low labor cost, importing of labor. And yeah, Australia is, is also in bad shape that way politically.


So Australia's economy is very dependent on selling iron ore to China, selling natural gas to China, selling agricultural products to China. I mean it's, it's a giant continent with very few people that has a lot of natural resources with pretty much one buyer, right? And So I think the business community says, Hey look, let's not, let's not create waves here. So I'm not sure that you can count on a hundred percent. So it's us. It's basically us. Yeah. And the Filipinos, the Filipinos are awesome, Yes, but there's no there there, they have no ability to project power.


I mean the, I'd say the only good thing I've seen the Filipinos do is they actually bought a Russian Indian hypersonic anti-ship missile called the Bramos, which if they roll it out, will actually provide some deterrence because that is a, that is a missile that would smoke a, a Chinese warship. My, my biggest hope or confidence in an ally that would come if Taiwan goes is, is Japan still. So if you look at the map, So if this, Have you seen the, this map here of this is here's China, here's this, this line where they basically claimed pretty much all of, all of this territory, it's very far away from China.


This is Paan. And over here there are a bunch of little, little islands, Not even islands, they were just reefs. Like at tidal, at low tide you'd see one foot of reef or sand sticking outta the ocean and then a high tide it goes away. Then all of a sudden the Chinese said, oh, you know, let's build something here. This is China. And they, they would, they blew up like a millennia's worth of coral reef to build islands. And you see these islands, you can Google them, they are incredible. Like with runways, you can land a 7 47 on missile defenses, Naval bases. Basically. They built full on military bases all through the South China Sea.


And in my troubles in China, I met the, the CEOI was drinking with him one night of China Harbor and Dredge the state owned enterprise that built most of those islands. And he admitted, he said it was never in our grand plan to be able to do these islands. But we found the Obama administration to be so vapid, so useless that we just said go. And they did. And they built now dozens of bases claiming tens of thousands of square miles of territory now as Chinese, Chinese territory to the detriment of the Philippines, Vietnam, Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, all these guys. And so here you have little Filipino fishing vessels trying to do their thing.


And then the Chinese Coast Guard comes in and literally shoots lasers at their eyes or waterboards them or rams them. And in Philippine territorial water, and I say it's Philippine territorial water because in 2016 the United Nations proclaimed an edict saying that, yeah, this is a Law. It was a, it was a law of the sea trial based on 500 years of Admiralty law. Clearly it was Filipino territory. Yeah. And so China says that because an admiral in the Ming Dynasty named Jang ha traveled there, that this is all, you know, belongs to China, which is complete nonsense. So we could, So they're not only building these islands just for the militaristic advantage, they're also, they're, they're expanding the borders, of Course, a hundred percent.


And, and In that they're doing geoscience exploration. They're playing, they're actually playing by the rules For drilling, playing by What rules? They're playing by the rules. No, no. The rules say that Who's recognizing this borders then? The border, the border gave the, so the UN said that the border belongs to the Philippines. China said, oh no it doesn't, it belongs to us. We don't care what the UN says. So China lost their case. What matter matters is there's no consequences for them, Are there? Correct. Correct. And it started with the Obama administration not delivering any consequences. 'cause China first said, and 'cause the Washington believed the lie when, when China said, oh, these are just gonna be weather stations or search and rescue locations.


Yeah, no, they were full on military bases and now they're even pushing into Korean waters. Just two weeks ago they plunked down a, a used oil rig saying, oh, it's just a fishing station. And of course, I'm sure within months you'll see missiles, radars, all the rest on this jack rig just off the coast of Korea. Yeah. So they are expansionist, it's called salami slicing. They take very thin slices and they just keep moving the fence. Trump, in the first administration, they, China was like the neighbor that builds their fence into your yard and moves it a foot a year. And Trump's the first one that said, get the hell back on your side of the line.


And so what he's been doing on trade negotiations, all the rest has definitely put them a bit on their back foot. I think one of the heroes in the Trump administration, the Trump 45 administration was Matt Pottinger, who was a former Marine, lived in China for many years and ran The China team at the National Security Council and then became the Deputy national Security. He's now, he's now with an outfit called Garner Global. And they write lots of research pieces on what they expect to happen in Asia. And You know, Matt thinks that we're, we're, you know, I'll quote a actually Admiral Papapa here, he's, who runs the Indo-Pacific command.


You know, we've heard of the boiling frog analogy, but this is boiling at a pretty rapid rate. And that's sort of Matt Pottinger conjecture as well. Things are gonna get heated very quickly and we should get our game on. We should be preparing as if something really bad is gonna happen soon. Hopefully it doesn't, nobody wants to be in another forever war, but we should be preparing as if something may happen. And the Chinese government is making some very un market decisions in preparing for war. And if you look at G speeches, not the ones that they're necessarily public, but the ones that are eventually located and translated when he is speaking to the standing committee or the Pul bureau, he says, prepare for great conflict.


This is gonna happen. Very obvious. And things like Chinese state owned enterprise, if they have land holdings in the United States, a lot of real estate stuff. Yes, there's problems with Chinese owning land in the United States. In a lot of cases they're dumping it for pennies on the dollar. Their banks are dumping their aircraft holdings for their leasing companies. They're taking all kinds of steps to, to make them not exposed to dollar sanctions and to having any of those assets seized in the United States. So those are the things that a country does if they're preparing not for economic war, but for actual kinetic war.


Yep. And we can double click on that because there's a lot to unpack. Here's the Chinese embassy in The U us right around the time when we were starting to talk about tariffs, quote from the Chinese embassy in The U us. If war is what The U us wants, be it a tariff war, a trade war, or any other type of war, we're ready to fight till the end. It's pretty self-explanatory. So there are, there are many, there are many vectors that we need to deal with. But when you've stored 70% of the world's corn as they have.


Why do you do that when you've built enormous hospitals in Fuji and province across from Taiwan? Why do you do that when you have increasing, You know, you're tightening the noose in these military exercises. What began in 2021 with one brigade has now reached 42 brigades in these military exercises over time, Exercising the logistics And like a rehearsal For D-Day. That's exactly, that's exactly right. These are rehearsals, these are not military exercises. And what's happening is a communist Goliath right, is, is taking over like a, a small little David who is democratic.


And you know, we're, we're sort of in a quandary because if we step in, whether it's a blockade, a cyber attack, internal strife, a full on invasion, whatever it is, and you know, I don't pretend to know I can, I can see different sides of this equation. If we, if we don't step in and we allow China to take over, there are consequences to, as I mentioned earlier, for our economy, for semiconductors and frankly for our standing in the world, people are gonna say, you see, China's gonna say, certainly, look, United States is a paper tiger. If we do step in and, you know, they sink in hourly, Burke gloves come off and it's game time.


I, that's bad too. So any way you look at it, it doesn't seem good. What Do you guys think? Well, actually, porcupine finish up. What should we do? Porcupine don't give them the playbook they're expecting. The one, the terrible thing about the Pentagon is they are very predictable. They're predictable in their acquisitions, in their exercises and all the rest. And so the whole paycom strategy about carrier air, wings and long range bombers out of what, two or three locations in the Pacific, all of which, if it's one lesson people should learn from Ukraine, is anything that's located can be targeted by not a few, but by hundreds of precision weapons.


Almost instantly. Yeah. Okinawa and Guam gets smoked. Yes. And, and what are those, the key bases? I mean that Okinawa is Japanese territory. Does that automatically trigger Japan to, to raise that battle flag? I don't know. But the one thing that, that China can't necessarily account for, and I've, I I really hope they do this, the, the Taiwanese leadership deludes themselves in thinking Big Uncle Sam has all the solutions of The U us Navy's gonna come to the rescue. Is that their plan? I think So. I think you should, have they done anything? Should you should ask anytime when he's official.


What is their plan? Because what in the American Revolution where you had 13 colonies, farmers with no standing army took on what was then the most powerful military in the world. And they did it, not really by conventional, but they started with a gorilla war. 30% of America in the 1776 was in favor of the crown loyalists. 40% were in the middle, didn't really care, just trying to survive. 30% were pro liberty. 10% of that 30% or 3% are the ones that took up arms against the British Empire. 3%. So if we took, and I'm confident we can find 3% of Taiwanese society that is willing to defend the status quo.


Meaning Taiwan continues as it is not an independent country, but they're not gonna be ruled by the ccp. And you can find those by either a few motivated policemen, firemen, reservists, the CrossFitters, the marathoners, the boy scout leaders. It doesn't take that many 3% of that society. So that's, I think the, the standing Taiwanese army is like 150,000, largely worthless, very soft, very woke in any significant weapons system they have, has already been targeted by probably a dozen or pre-registered by a dozen Chinese precision weapons. 'cause it's only what, 70, 80 miles from the mainland to Taiwan.


But what they can account for is 720,000. Right. 3% of 24 million that show up, that step outside their house and say, get off my yard. And if they're equipped, if they have access to small arms, CFPs, a very potent roadside bomb. Emergency comms, emergency Comms, drones, fiber optic drones, which can't be jammed RPGs and the innovation and the basic skill sets to make every street corner, every intersection, every every neighborhood. Another fortified urban hellhole for the PLA to have to push through or even if the first wave comes through and now they're getting lit up from behind.


That is not something the PLA can plan for. 'cause if China's gonna go for this, they have to make it quick. They have to own Taiwan in a matter of days or weeks. They cannot, they cannot accept the blockade or the embargoes that would happen. And the videos of Taiwanese people being slaughtered by this terrible occupation that inevitably would happen. And another side to this coin is the, the headline numbers. Taiwan spends around 2% of GDP on defense. They're trying to increase it. I think the Trump administration is saying, Hey, get it to 10%. The problem is that the current political leadership in Taiwan is hampered by the fact that Congress is controlled by the opposing party.


And the opposing party is kind of, sort of in bed with China and they're, they're resisting any attempt to grow the military budget. Now for years, Taiwan has bought things that don't make sense, like tanks and, you know, advanced aircraft. I think Eric's exactly right. They should focus on a domestic defense. And there's a guy Switzerland On steroids. Yeah. There's a guy named Robert Sao, who is I think an octogenarian billionaire, United Semiconductor. I if memory serves with his company. He's trying to stand up a homegrown militia outside of the government. But that's exactly what they need.


Be a porcupine and give China pause. So China says, gosh, do I ingest this or am I gonna get heartburn if I do? And that's the only thing that's gonna save us, Because China is also not immune. You have a huge amount of one child policy families. Yeah. And so if you, they're, they're not immune to losing lots of casualties. And they aborted all the girls. Correct. Females. There's 40 million males of marriage age with no prospects of marrying a female. So it, and here's the thing, it's really about increasing the pain calculus for Xi, all the generals around him have all bought those positions because they buy those positions for corruption.


'cause they get to pocket. And that's why there's been a significant turnover of a lot of those generals of the strategic rocket forces and those eastern commands. Yeah. Because of those kind of high level corruption stuff. But still every general there saying, yes boss, we can do this. We've got all this new tech, we've got this great capability. Go, go, go. Let's go flex our muscle and, and take back Taiwan. But the injecting that uncertainty of a few hundred thousand possibly really pissed off Taiwanese that have the basics of arms, the basic of skillsets and the will to defend their status quo freedom.


That is a very, very difficult thing for him to look past. Okay. It doesn't involve American soldiers, it doesn't involve American carriers. That is, that should be the United States governance policy to arm twist Taiwan into doing that to, because this is a matter of political will. We're not looking for the government. Taiwan Taiwanese political leadership do this. It's really about imply empowering the rank and file people that say, yep, this I will defend. Well, let's add to that. How do you strengthen your, your cyber defenses? You know, Taiwan imports pretty much like 98% of its fuel when the sea lanes are cut.


What do you do? Well, you need to have storage. Can that storage get cyber attacked? Can your electricity grid, can your water systems, can they get attacked? The short answer is they Import course they can import. They import how much of their fuel. Well, I mean, Why just closed? Why did they just closed their last nuclear plant? I don't understand that. Why would they have done that if they're importing 90% of their fuel because They worship the green God more than they worship? Well, this is the current common sense. This is the current political party. The DPP is very green, it's very woke, but it's what's we, we can't un I mean we're trying to understand 'em in American terms. They're green and woke, but they're also proti and anti-China.


The other party is pro-military and more conservative, but they're like kind of in bed with China. So it's, it's a very strange and fluid situation. So Even, even the Taiwanese are split To democracy. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sure. It's a democracy, man. I mean, when it comes to China, well, I'm, I, yes, some of 'em are pro-China. But, but here's the thing, and I I have to segue here a minute. Where's the last place Gavin Newsom visited China. When you see Trump taking a hard line against China, against the Chinese Communist Party, the Democrat Party of the United States will adopt a much more pro-China policy and see more illicit money flowing to Democratic candidates.


And if Gavin Newsom is their candidate, you can expect a very pro-China friendly politics tr like we said, the Chinese political subversion that you see in Japan, in Korea, in Australia. Believe me, it's in the United States as well. The, the Thousand Talents program, massive intelligence collection. The United Front Workers, United Front Work Program, again, Chinese subversion at the university level and through thousands of American corporations. That is a, a deliberate, you know, that's, that's an ancient society. They understand how to do, how to, how to shift that fence. Six inches a year.


Yeah. Elite capture. You may recall Eric Swalwell, a member of Congress who was, you know, On the Intel committee, On the intel committee who allegedly had a relationship with a Chinese spy. You had Diane Feinstein's driver for 20 something years was a spy. You've had a series of allegations in New York. Various members of Congress, various important political figures. McConnell. Oh, McConnell's. Oh yeah. McConnell's Wife. And so elite captures very important now, it just doesn't, it doesn't only happen in politics, but also on Wall Street, Hedge funds, Hedge funds, Silicon Valley, you know, major corporations try and find, I mean, I, I've been trying to think about this.


What large American company can you think of that neither sells a product to China or imports a product from China? It's hard. Yeah. Right. You have to really sort of scratch your head and think about it. Look At the, look at the stink China made about the last Top Gun movie. Because on Tom Cruise's employment Jacket Yeah. He had a Taiwan flag. Was A Taiwan patch good on Tom Cruise for leaving it in the movie. Yeah. But that speaks to that level of, of institutional capture of Hollywood funding, hedge fund dominance. When you have Ray Dalio saying that, you know, being, making totally AP apologist statements for China during COVID, I, because he has billions of dollars that are managed from China.


So Ray Dahlia runs a, an outfit called Bridgewater Bridgewater's, one of the largest hedge funds in the world. And you know, in my opinion, and I'm, I think you sympathize, he's like a, an apologist for China. So you have elite capture politically, wall Street, Silicon Valley. Now that's changing. And it's changing very quickly. Some of the sort of points of light that I'm seeing is foreign direct investment that was being deployed into China is now leaving Wall Street fund managers are starting to pull their money out. And certainly whether the taxes are 145% today or 20% tomorrow, whatever the case may be, I am fairly certain that in every corporate boardroom in America, the risk officer is telling the board, Hey listen, we should probably think of how to move ourselves quietly out of China to India, to Mexico where Abu Dhabi elsewhere, or certainly back to the United States.


So these are some bright points that I'm seeing. And we, we do need to detangle and we can't have important parts of our economy held hostage to an adversarial nation. We just can't do that.


When the grid fails and no one's coming, you need more than a backup. That's why I want to introduce you to Paladin Power. Most of America's 130 year old power grid is fragile, outdated, and vulnerable. Paladin Power gives you the ability to operate completely independent of the grid no matter what happens. Paladin Power builds advanced energy storage solutions, veteran owned American made and designed to take you off the grid for good. One Paladin unit can run your whole house, HVAC, ev, power tools, everything, other brands you need up to eight, nine, or even 10 systems. That's not sustainable or practical. They take up too much space and the costs are outrageous. Howden's system is smaller, more powerful and delivers the lowest price per kilowatt hour on the market. It's us made tariff resilient warrantied for 20 years and built with modern US manufacturing. Plus they're actively working to develop a lithium free, fire safe system that's years ahead of anything on the market. Head over to Paladin Power dot com slash ss to learn more. Use code SS for up to 15% off. That's my code ss at Paladin Power dot com slash srs.


An adversarial political system that is the inverse of our constitutional republic. Do you want antibiotics being largely produced there in China? No. Or, or any of these key components? I mean, on the defense side, there's a, there's a lot of defense tech going into, or VC money going into defense tech. But the fact is, all the rare earth elements, all the minerals mined around the world, 90 to 95% of 'em are processed in China. The only functioning rare earth mine in the United States. It's called Mountain Pass California MP materials.


Yeah. That offtake goes to China for processing. 'cause we don't do processing in the United States. Processing is dirty, not so environmentally friendly. It's difficult. And The China has subsidized and built to dominance in that space. That's something where The U SG should, they should take a section of dugway proving ground in Utah where they used to do chemical weapons testing, never gonna build condos there. Let that be a free zone for processing rare earth elements where you can do the processing of dirty environmentally unfriendly things, but let it be in America in a friendly place that we control.


That should be a, I'm all in favor of the free market, but the free market only works if it's actually a free market. And you have state sponsored controlled capitalism coming from China where they predatory land and they subsidize to the point of destroying western competition. There has to be some level of state level pushback in the West to counter that. And it's happening in everything. Solar panels. It's hard for us to compete in this solar panel world when to understand how solar panels are made. You use huge amounts of silicon tetrafluoride and hydrofluoric acid. Right?


So again, similar to processing of rare earth elements, it's not a, a very clean industry. Now obviously we can do it in a much cleaner way than China can, but they subsidize their solar industry. And was it last week or the week before? I think it was last week, an article, a series of articles came out saying that China has put back doors kill switches and all the solar panels they're setting to The U us. And So I believe it. So just makes you scratch your head and say why, why do we depend on China for things that are very critical to our survival? And I think, you know, as Eric mentioned, pharmaceuticals, antibiotics, penicillin, these are things that we should not outsource.


It's ridiculous. Telecom phones. Yeah, It's a great, not a great scary conversation at breakfast. You wanna go into that? Oh, next time salt typhoon. I mean, I, I can like very briefly, this is all, it's all out in the open. You know, FBI director Chris Ray, was it last year, mentioned that, well, lemme provide a little bit of background. After nine 11, we needed to find bad guys. And so we created the Patriot Act and we asked the telco carriers to put in back doors so that we could listen into bad, bad guys wanting to blow stuff up.


Now we can't access the phone conversations without A-F-I-S-A warrant because we have, you know, the fourth amendment and you know, we have rules and regulations that stipulate what we can and can't do. But the back door has existed for decades. Guess what? China hacked into the back door. Guess who doesn't need a FIA warrant to listen into your phone conversations. And so, so that's when the FBI, and you can look it up, the hack is called salt typhoon. And you know, we salt typhoon, you know, like you salt and pepper, you know, salt typhoon. So yeah, it's very, very well known.


At least maybe to me or to us, but to most Americans, you know, they, they, I don't know. It's like I feel like people live in the matrix or something Oblivious. If we do go to, if, if, if China does take Taiwan by 2027, like he says, what, what is our response gonna be? What, how does this go down? How does China take it? They've been practicing, you're talking about one brigade now, 42 brigades. They have been practicing a quarantine first. So a a surrounding of the island to make resupply naval visit whatever, cutting off the energy and you know, basically laying siege to it.


I can see them doing that to the point of forcing some kind of capitulation. Or is there a way to break that siege with naval vessels or with subsurface resupply lots of creative ways or, I I, I would argue that immediately there's a lot of other things that should happen to China's global supply chain. Whether it's all the gas pipelines flowing in from Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Burma, Eastern Mongolia, or Eastern Eastern Russia. Obviously a full on blockade of the straits of Malanca so that nothing goes in or out of China and dial up consequences for any of the Chinese assets anywhere in the world almost simultaneously.


That is not a normal conventional military response. I can see China trying to do a massive decapitation strike of hundreds of helicopter helicopters flying into Taipei, seizing their White House and trying to do, trying to do it that way on top of a, of a quarantine. They have, there's been pictures published of them building very long range or very long reach barges like floating piers that they could offload multiple railroad type vessels that they would use in amphibious assault.


There's an old frog man friend mentor of mine, tad Devine. May he rest in peace. He surveyed all the beaches in Taiwan in 1959 as a UDT before even the seals existed. He said there are no good beaches for amphibious assault. So Taiwan. So China has been building these very long barges right out in the open, able to, you know, you can buy commercial imagery of them. There's no other, have You seen these pictures? There's no other earthly reason for those to exist other than to seize Taiwan. Full stop. So you think ute ourselves into thinking, well it's it's not gonna happen. It not gonna happen. That is visual proof. It's, it, it, it's almost like the mulberries it were used in or manches to, to build the, the portable harbor that we used in World War II at, at D-Day.


That's what China's doing right now. Well, last exercise it was called Rais Thunder. Why is it called rais? Hmm. Maybe it's 'cause of the Taiwan Strait. I mean, gimme a break. I mean it's, it's obvious that they're planning for something and they want Taiwan. There is no place in my universe where China does not want to take Taiwan. I wish it weren't. So do You think they would use a bio weapon and create another global pandemic Possible? I could see them, I could see some kind of other financial massive shorting of the financial system with the debt crisis. We're kind of doing that to ourselves now by adding more and more trillions of debt If they can cause that level of financial pain and and chaos.


What what's not gonna happen is, you know, if it is to be, it's up to we, it's gonna be The U US government, it's because the Australians are not gonna do much. Maybe Japan, probably not Korea, right? Because Koreans and Japanese just, they hate each other as much as Korea should be involved in that fight because they're either join or, or get squeezed off on their own. Nato Britain, France, not totally useless, which is why it is so important. It is in the interest of the United States government to end the debacle that is Ukraine and pull Russia away from the orbit of China.


'cause right now, IIII talked to one head of state that had been at every bricks meeting, every bricks summit. And the previous ones were always very equal footing between Xi and Putin. The last one Xi was definitely ascendant. And for a hundred plus years, it was a policy of the United States to keep German industry from combining with Russian natural resources. Now all we've done, all this stupid Ukraine war has done is push Russia, all those Russian resources into a subservient role to the Chinese Communist Party and their massive, massive industry that is not in our strategic interest.


We do not want to tangle if China's gonna go for it. We don't want Russia on the side of China in any way, shape, or form that we cannot handle. Well you asked how could it go down or when would it go down? These are, I guess, two different questions. The the latter question, I don't know, nobody knows it can happen next week. It could happen five years from now, but it's gonna happen at some point how it happens. I suspect that a, a full on invasion would be very difficult. If you go back to World War ii, we had something called Operation Causeway, which was a, an invasion of Taiwan.


And our military leader said, you know what? This is way too hard. So let's go to the Philippines instead. Taiwan is a hard nut to crack. Could it happen with a combination of cyber influence operations? Eric mentioned very briefly, you know, united front and thousand talents. You may wanna explain what those are. But these are basically spies, Massive spy network infrastructure all through American companies, infrastructure, all the rest, the ability to really cause mayhem in the United States at the behest of Beijing. But the thousand talents and United front work doesn't just leave the United States.


You also have united front spies in Taiwan. What I'm seeing is that you, these these exercises are getting, they're, they're slowly tightening the noose to the point where it's becoming demoralizing for the Taiwanese. And they're, and what I would hate is for them to see this, to resign themselves to say, well, to the inevitability of it, right? It's, it's inevitable. Anyway, we may as well just give up. And so they become despondent. And I a hundred percent agree with taking 3% of the Taiwanese population, arming them to the gills and creating a real insurgency that gives China pause as to our response.


I don't know. And that's a really tough one because if, if there's a blockade the, the international community is gonna want, they're gonna want attribution. Who, who, well who started this, right? Well, if they started it, then there's an appropriate response. But I don't think we wanna start anything. And I don't think we wanna put ourselves in the position of having sailors and soldiers die. I mean, look, let's face it, many Americans can't tell the difference between Taiwan and Thailand. And like, why should we ca that the, the narrative, the high level narrative is why should we care?


And you explained it at the beginning, both of you guys. Did we lose our economy chips, the Chips our economy spend no longer standing in the world, Pepsi? Yeah. Hard. Most lawyers don't understand that they Win the tech war and become the global leader. Agree With all that. But you're right about the, the salami slicing that you've seen them do with the South China sea building islands where there were no islands moving boundaries. Now with a, with an oil rig just off of Korea, maybe Indonesia, those waters are next. The amount of air incursions where they fly Chinese aircraft, PLA air force aircraft into Taiwanese airspace fly around.


It's very hard to even intercept them. That's my frustration with Indo Paycom or the Taiwanese leadership be innovative. Okay, clock off an IED in front of that Chinese that that squadron of aircraft not shoot it down, but there's a way you could build a, effectively an airborne IED and put a cloud of grit up in front of those engines so that every one of those engines of those Chinese fighters has to be overhauled and replaced by the time they make it home. You can really up the cost of their nonsense if you're innovative, but if you depend on Ray Raytheon, Lockheed Northrop, Boeing, you're screwed and you're gonna pay a hundred times as much and not have the effectiveness.


I agree with that. Look, I'm probably talking my own book here, but our, we have a fund, it's called Mari Libra and we in which means Freedom of the Sea in Latin. And what we do is we invest in technologies in the maritime space that can help move the needle. So you might say, gosh, is It, is an aircraft carrier gonna be really effective against a Chinese hypersonic missile? Maybe, maybe not. But can you put drones? Let's call 'em, you know, race boat drones in the water that are autonomous that can carry kinetic payloads. Could that move the needle? So, you know, we have to think creatively as Eric mentioned and, and sort of holistically.


But what we certainly need to do is we need to prepare as if this is happening yesterday. Right? But what I see is a lot of threat deescalation. Like, to give you an example, a month and a half ago, what's his name? Hu Don. The guy that, that the Chinese military leader that runs the Eastern Theater command was demoted and he was sort of removed from office. He was actually pretty good. And so The China scholars are like, okay, good. They're not ready for Taiwan. 'cause Huong is gone. And so let's just deescalate things and it's just so foolish. Let's plan as if this is gonna happen and be prepared for it both as a whole of society, our cyber, Taiwan cyber, I mean our infrastructure's not immune, by the way, from cyber attacks to say the least.


Are you talking about our power grid? A hundred percent. Our grid, telecomm grid banking. Oh, Ba yeah. I mentioned If it involves moving ones and zeros, it's vulnerable. I mentioned salt typhoon, you could probably, You know, Google volt, typhoon and the Chinese are embedded in our grid already. So I think we just, my point is in shit, they built half of it. Yeah, I mean the large transformers in our country. So let's just prepare. So we have to think about, you know, how do we prepare for this economically? What are defensive and offensive things we can do? How do we prepare, prepare for this militarily? How do we prepare for this socially, medically, right?


Pharmaceuticals and so forth. How do we decouple and start thinking through the range of options that exist, but actually prepare. You know, it's as if, You know, we're in la la land and focusing on, you know, silly things. Remember when we were banning gas stoves a year, two, two years ago? Yeah, I remember you guys remember that Well, like nonsense. And, and the Pentagon was spending all kinds of money on green, environmentally friendly jet fuel. And, and so kudos to, to Secretary Hegseth for Amen focusing on merit and lethality. That's all the Pentagon needs to be focused on. And we have an extremely convoluted ineffective defense industrial base, which has largely been cartel lies by way over consolidation and really bad, really dumb Pentagon procurement processes.


So what they should do on the ship building side, we have, there's lots of family owned small and medium enterprises that build ships for the oil and gas space, for the exploration space for servicing lots of remote islands. So there's lots of companies they could go to with three or five designs of autonomous underwater vessels or very low profile stealthy, unmanned vessels. So that instead of what a hundred a Burke class destroyers a hundred bur class destroyers could have a thousand or 5,000 autonomous unmanned other weapons platforms that you have a massive swarm p for plenty America, America's main contribution in World War II was our industrial base, was innovation pivoting from making cars and refrigerators to making weapons, making a major combat aircraft every six minutes.


Making a liberty ship in a week was the record for assembly. That is what the Pentagon should pivot to now. And, and to, to do anything through the existing Boeing, Lockheed, Northrop, Raytheon, general dynamics cartel is a massive mistake. Now again, they are incented to do things based on the game that they have to play, right? Right now we have cost plus accounting and the way cost plus contracting and the way it works is it's the way the system is set up. And we may hate it, but it is the system like in their defense, and by the way, I'm as opposed to them as you are, but in their defense, you know, the cost of a missile is let's say a million dollars.


And so they charge a markup, it's cost plus a little markup, right? The next year, what are they gonna charge? Well, gosh, my, I I gotta grow my stock price. So I guess my costs went up to $2 million plus a mark. They're incentivized to raise cost every year. Right? And, and I'm sorry I don't hold them blameless at all because they employ effectively a brigades thousands of lawyers and lobbyists in Washington DC They Do to change the law to their benefit. Yeah. Yeah. They do it to Get congress to appropriate way too much money to the Pentagon that spends it on that cartel who then takes some of that money and pays the politicians to rinse and repeat.


They are a huge part of the problem. W what do you think about, what Do you think is gonna happen here with all these newer tech companies, these new innovators coming in like Palmer Lucky with Enduro and I think it's wonderful in theory, but the fact is there's 800,000 pentagons in the civilian and as much as Pete Hegseth and team wants to change the culture, you still have a horrifically awful procurement culture. And so there's a lot of great defense tech that's starting and innovating and have a great product. Getting them to production, getting them to a DOD sale, not gonna be nearly as often as it should be. I think that a lot of great ideas are gonna die on the vine There.


There's some great companies, you mentioned Ciran, which we invested in. You know, there's a company called Regent that makes a sea glider that flies below radar and above sonar with a very, very long range. Essentially invisible Would also make a great long range cruise missile. Exactly. Or logistics platform. But consider if you're a founder, you're a startup founder and somebody says, Hey, sell to the defense department, it's so overwhelming. The ultimate, the desired end state is to get to what's known as A-P-O-R-A program of record.


So the Navy or the Army will give you a 10 year contract for a a hundred million dollars each whatever each year to get there though, you have to navigate through this very complex world and you never know how you're gonna get there. So maybe there's a Navy group out of, you know, Jacksonville that can give you a ser Well what's a ser You know, it's basically a small grant. Oh, DIU, the Defense Innovation Unit might be able to fund you over here. And so they're living on, You know, nickels and dimes to ultimately get to program of Rec. They're living on r and d money. I would argue the explosion of drone technology has been so pervasive in air ground and even maritime lessons learned from the Ukraine war.


The real ninja move would be to push procurement decisions down to a destroyer squadron level. Yep. Or to the brigade level, Even if you're gonna combatant commander. Yes. Like begin with that. 'cause what we have now is a super hierarchical right? Talk about a program of record that is a super kind of socialist bureaucratic hell in Washington that takes forever for them to decide. And instead if you give it to the brigade commander or combatant commander to say, here's money we're in. We're we're entrusting these 10,000 or 50,000 American lives to your responsibility. Oh by the way, now you can buy their stuff that they're gonna use great.


The 25th in infantry division in Jap in Hawaii. It's probably not gonna go appear on the same battlefield that the first armored division is from Texas. Fine. Let them buy different stuff. Yes, it will cause permutations of hell for resupply, but the, the half-life of this kind of innovation is so much faster than what we wanna believe. That you can buy it cheaper if you buy it at a lower level faster versus these programmer records, which add so much cost and so much nonsense. You need that kind of speed. The innovation speed in Ukraine is the guy gets an idea 'cause they're getting their ass kicked in the battlefield. He comes up with a prototype in their garage, tests it in the battle space over the next two weeks.


If it works, they get a contract That is the shortest compression of in, of, of flash to bang in, in warfare today. And we are not just, we're, we're a thousand times that long on the, on the best day now. And thus a thousand or 10,000 times the cost. If it takes 10 years to get to a program of record and the program of record folks say, well gosh, we can't give you a program of record unless you can scale, but you can't scale unless you've got like a contract with the government. Right. It becomes this crazy catch 22. What you're suggesting, Eric, is that we democratize purchasing. Purchasing. Yep. And, and, and you allow these individual units to buy exactly what they need.


Like how does the Pentagon, how does a bureaucrat in the Pentagon know what somebody in, I guess, you know, federated states of Micronesia of the future, you know, Marines need. So I think that's a, that's a, a thoughtful Approach. It's it's controversial. It's necessary because the current current paradigm is not it, it was absolutely destined to fail. If we get into a conventional conflict with China right now, we will suffer calamitous, levels of casualties. We can't build stuff anymore. You've had for all the, all the talk of naval greatness and precision targeting all the rest, you lost the war to the Houthis.


The Houthis shut down. Right. It's a Iranian backed faction in Yemen, Shia based, that closed off the Red Sea for navigation because of Israel and Gaza, the president, I think they called it Operation Rough Rider, which is an assault to the, which is an insult to Teddy Roosevelt because it did not affect the change they wanted. Hmm. They went full hot and hard. All the power of centcom, US Navy, air Force bombers, all the rest, they were still clacking off and attacking ships and, and, and true assymetry.


The, the Houthis would launch a 20 to $40,000 shot head, 1 36 drone against a ship And we'd shoot it down with a missile million dollar missile. Not one, but two. Okay. 'cause they'd have to double tap it. Yes. To the point. And obviously they were shooting at aircraft carriers and shooting at 'em effectively enough that they had to do high speed maneuvers. Why? Because they lost not one, but two ships, two aircraft. Okay. Had $80 million F 18 over the side. 'cause it was not dogged down, it was being towed across. And the aircraft literally skidded off the deck. Not once, but twice. Twice. You Raised a super interesting point. You know, we talk about near peer adversaries and we tend to think of, You know, China and that, well guess what?


The Houthis are peer adversaries in the sense that They're threatening ships. We, for a month, we reigned a billion dollars of firepower, literally on the Houthis in Yemen. And they were like, okay, you stopped good. And they came out like cockroaches and started attacking ships again. So I guess the question then becomes how, How good, how good is our ship? Yeah. Because we know it costs a lot thanks to Raytheon and Lockheed and Northrop. Yeah. Problem children. Yeah. They need to be smashed, broken up. Yeah. You've had a massive over consolidation. You used to have a hundred plus major defense contractors.


The Clinton administration really pushed a, a consolidation in the late nineties. And we have been suffering ever since from that Borrow To five. There's A good graph of that. Yeah. And you could see like on the left, you know, there are like a hundred and then they start like whittling down to like five or six. And it's basically a, a small oligopoly of defense primes. And I don't know how that's not great for America. Let's just say. I mean, what Do you, what do you see being in in venture capital? Well, what I said earlier, right? I mean, cran they're doing, you've got, they're doing both. They're correct. They're also, they're building for the civilian market that can just be modified that the exact same product can be modified for the military.


Correct. Look, you have some companies like Saildrone that, you know, they make autonomous sailboats that can collect information for civilian use for no and so forth. But then you can also make a kinetic version of that. You know, others, others do the same thing. But what am I seeing? I'm seeing the same thing I mentioned earlier, which is you're a founder, you've got this amazing technology, and then when you get to the Pentagon, the Pentagon is a big black box. And you say, how do I even, where do I even start? It's so overwhelming now. I think DIU is making great strides. They're gonna probably amplify their budget.


But the system itself, as Eric mentioned, the system is broken. And so something has to be done to reform procurement wholesale. I mean, take it down to the studs and rebuild it because it's so broken. The secretary, the sec def has to take it down to the studs as much as he can with hiring and firing people. 'cause people is policy. But then there's underlying law that has to be changed. Really, the last time Congress did a big change on creating a service, it was, I think it was MFP 11, so 85 or 86 when SOCOM was created. Why did you want socom?


They wanted unique spending authorities outside of the major services so that soft could have the right equipment, the right aircraft, the right boats, whatever for the unique needs of special operations forces. And the right authorities. And the right authorities. 1985 or six 40 odd years. It's time.


It's finally summer and that means I'm spending more time grilling and cooking outside Helix Clad sent me these pots and pans to try just in time for the good weather. Helix clad features the performance of stainless steel and the convenience of non-stick in one pan, their dishwasher safe, they can go from the grill top to the oven, no problem handling heat up to 500 degrees. And all Helix clad products come with a lifetime warranty. They literally last a lifetime. They're durable and scratch resistant. The patented hexagon design protects against scratches even when using metal utensils. In the best part, they're so easy to clean. Helix clad makes great knives too. They're made of 67 layers of Japanese Damascus steel for a sharper edge that stays sharp longer for effortless slicing. For a limited time only, our listeners get 10% off your order with our exclusive link. Just head to Helix cla.com/ss, support our show and check them out at H-E-X-C-A d.com/ss. Make sure to let them know we sent you Bon Appetit. Let's eat with Helix Cloud's revolutionary cookware.


If you're like me, health And wellness is extremely important to you. But how do you know who to trust when it comes to the supplement industry? We have all these companies, they pop up every other day. They're all selling snake oil. How do you know who to trust? Well, here's the most important question. Who wants to take the biggest, most massive shit of your entire life? Bubs is a company I've used and trusted for a long time. They make great products, have rigorous quality standards, and they are a long time supporter of this show. And they have the recipe for the biggest shit of your entire life. I love their collagen peptides. This isn't just any collagen, it is a benchmark of trust and performance. It's crafted with integrity and backed by NSF for sports certification, giving you their assurance of its purity and potency. Bubs collagen peptides help support your joints, help enhance recovery, and help revitalize your hair and skin. And yes, it will help you stay regular Bubs was found in an honor of Navy SEAL Glen Bub Doherty. And every product supports veterans. With 10% of all profits going to help military men and women transition back into civilian life. And now for the recipe for the biggest and best shit of your entire life. Bubs, collagen peptides mixed with bubs apple cider vinegar, gummies, and you have a recipe for success every day. Bubs, collagen peptides, bubs apple cider vinegar gummies, ready to upgrade your life. Visit bubs naturals.com today and use promo code Sean for 20% off your order. Bubs naturals.com/sean


All we're back from the break. I just wanted to hit this thing real quick about a leak CCP memo, if it's fact or fiction about the five point plan. Do you know anything about that? Either one of you guys? I mean, I've heard about it, but anything leaked from the CCP is quite conventional. I think it's, it could be fictional. I'm not gonna, I I don't spend a lot of time on leaked memos. Okay. Well, is there anything that we haven't covered that we should have? I think it's important. There was a couple of Chinese colonels, PLA colonels That wrote a book called Unrestricted Warfare. And after Gulf War I seeing all the precision strike capability, the air, all that.


And then even after the 2003 Iraq invasion, seeing the level of precision energy that The U us can deliver, I think it made China take a step back and say, are we're gonna, if we're gonna take on this hemen, we have to do it in an unconventional, unpredictable way. And my worry is that Pentagon leadership likes to fight in their box of the rules based order. All the people in Washington DC also always talk about the rules based order. Well, You know what the first rule in a street fight is? There are no rules. And, and unserious people that delude themselves lead us down a kind of a, a blind path of stupidity if we think that China is gonna follow all the rules to achieve their goals.


So when I think of the rules based order, I think of the British red coats, who would, you know? So who would stand in like two or three lines and say, ready, aim, fire. And we were taking pot shots at them from the trees and they would say, that's not gentlemanly. And we're like, so what? We just wanna win guys. Yeah. Yep. But this, this book is actually, it's very important because when China thinks of war, they think that everything becomes an artifact of war. In other words, we think in terms of war is kinetic, but di diplomatic stuff is diplomatic stuff. And you know, climate change is that, and data is that. But what if everything were an artifact of war? In other words, Everything is weaponized Smuggling fentanyl in the United States where 90% of the precursors to of fentanyl obviously come from China.


By the way, happy Memorial Day, I did some math and in the Pacific Theater alone, 110,000 soldiers died in World War ii. Plus add another 60 for Vietnam, another 40 for the Korean War. And another roughly, you know, seven to 10 from random things that happened in the Pacific, the Philippines and so forth. It's about, let's call it 200 plus thousand deaths in Fentanyl. Over the last four years.


We've had something like, you know, 70,000 people die of fentanyl every single year. Many of them are veterans. Much bigger numbers than that. You think it's over a hundred thousand a year. Let's assume it's a hundred thousand a year. That's 400,000 over the last four years. And a lot of them are veterans. And guess what? That's coming from China. That's a weapon. And it's a weapon to hurt Americans. Is it intentionally funded, organized, facilitated by the Chinese Communist Party Chinese nationals in Mexico teaching the cartels how to cook fentanyl. And it's a, and it's a payback for the opium wars of 150 years ago.


Which The U US was not even really part of that was the Brits, but they see it as a way to corrode our society. I think it's very important to remember we fought a war against China when 19 52, 53, when a million Chinese volunteers came across the river, came rolling across the Loo River and attacked The U US forces in Korea. MacArthur wanted to bomb them properly and he was relieved. And we basically fought for two more years to a stalemate, again ending up on the 38th parallel. But we fought a very hot war against China. We haven't fought one against the Soviet Union. And, and their ability to project tens, hundreds of thousands of people is a lot, their, their tolerance for pain is much, much, much higher than ours is.


Yep. What edge do I just don't understand what edge we have on them. Innovation. I mean they have infiltrated our power grid, our communications, the fentanyl crisis. They're buying our land. I mean the medical supplies, the whole supply chain elite capture Our, What the fuck are we doing? Our sergeants, our oh three Captain Bricks. No fine militarily, our middle management and NCOs are way better. It is not something that, I'm not gonna argue that, but they get so frustrated with the bureau, with the bureaucrats up top that they leave.


Correct. Fair. But there's still a lot of 'em serving the decision making of a Chinese Communist party. One state rule where no one questions, no one questions the boss, no one calls bullshit on bad decisions. Where every decision is not made by the people here. Where it should be. It's always kicked upstairs. Waiting for someone senior to them to make that decision really paralyzes their decision making. And you even see that, I remember Probably eight years ago there was a knife, a knife attack from some, some Uyghurs, okay? Which is a ethnic turkic Muslim part of China from Xinjiang province.


And they did a knife attack in a major Chinese city. And it was so bad, so bureaucratic, the controls that the police that responded, one guy could carry the pistol, another guy had to carry the magazine and they had to call back to headquarters to have permission to hand the magazine to the guy to load the pistol. This is during a full on knife attack to solve that problem. Amplify that a thousand fold across the Chinese military. Now autonomy, maybe that accrues back to their, their benefit because they're not so worried about friendly casualties and friendly fire and collateral. But we have, we have a innovative populace that will come up with new solutions.


Look at Elon Musk, what he's done to space lift and space travel versus the all government, all the time solution. You need to find a hundred more Elon Musks amongst all these defense innovative companies. Give them money, give them leeway. And great things will happen if we depend on the cartel. That is the big five defense industry. We're screwed. I think at a macro level, one of the things that we still have is the ability to attract and retain the best people in the world. Elon Musk is an example, but there are many others. You go to Silicon Valley and it's really, really smart people that go to Stanford or you know, MIT or whatnot and they stay here.


Plus we have an enormous appetite for risk taking. The risk capital that we have in the United States, the venture capitalists and so forth are able to, they put money into companies because one of them, out of their portfolio of whatever 15 companies is gonna be a unicorn. And so we have an ecosystem from the capital markets, the IPO markets, the, the, the strength of our financial and commercial and private sector infrastructure is so strong that I don't think anybody's gonna beat it. And I think, as I mentioned at the beginning of this segment, the battle of ideas competition ultimately will win the day.


And when you have the smartest people in the world competing for the best ideas, the best companies, et cetera, we're gonna end up winning. When you have the state, in the case of China directing all elements of economic activity, it's doomed to fail. That's why you have, you know, ghost cities of apartments everywhere and you know, things that don't work long term, we win short term. I'm much more concerned. And it also takes good leadership. If you think about the officers, the senior office, the naval officers that defeated the Japanese army and navy in the Pacific Theater, he had guys like Admiral Burke, they called him 31, not Burke Court-martialed as a junior officer 'cause he ran a couple of his ships ashore.


But he was a decisive risk taker. Risk taker. Nimitz, I believe was also court-martialed as a jail for some risky decision. We have a very risk intolerant culture in the military and we promote bureaucrats that don't make any decisions. While at the same time the lack of accountability. If you think about like 2000 17, 18, 19, there was three fatal collisions in the Pacific Theater between The U US Navy warship and a commercial vessel. So you take a Burke class destroyer, which is what, a billion dollars or more with all kinds of high dollar radars and all the rest doing maybe 20 knots commercial vessel doing 25 knots and they run into each other.


How is that possible? How is that, that is the disgusting degradation of the basics of seamanship and accountability that the military has been allowed to devolve to instead of focusing on merit and lethality. And that's changing. So yes, there are a lot of bright, bright spots on the horizon. I think focusing on first principles in the military is important, is an important component of that. On the private sector side, I think we need wholesale deregulation. The regulations have, have gotten so outta hand that there's a reason why companies have moved overseas.


Let's, let's deregulate to the point where things are sensible. I'm not calling for zero regulation. What I'm calling is for sensible regulation. Have You seen any signs of that getting ready to happen? Sure. We're about to, you know, we're about to unleash nuclear power in the United States. Trump signed an executive order and the NRC, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, I think needs to get, you know, readjusted. It shouldn't take, I mean, 10 years to build a nuclear power plant in America Or 20 years to get a permit. To get a license to do so. So deregulation, unleashing the energy supplies that we have here and the mineral supplies. We haven't talked about tariffs, if you want to go down down that rabbit hole.


But tariffs are a part of, not exclusively, but a part of re industrializing the United States where they end up going. Nobody knows. But I can tell you that there is a rush for a lot of folks to, to start doing stuff back in America. The United States government used to be funded off tariffs alone. It was not till the progressive era. And they passed in The early 19 hundreds. Right? Yeah. A bunch of No kidding. Yeah, that's True. Used to be the sole income of The U US government was tariffs, which gave a basic level of protection for domestic industries. I think that is a very good idea.


So what the president's doing on tariffs is right. It is good to incentivize production. The whole US government was financed off tariffs. A hundred percent. Well, keep in mind The U US government was a lot smaller back then than it is today. And It should be a lot smaller. Yeah, it should be massively smaller than it is today. It's very disappointing. They haven't made the doge cuts permanent in our legislation. It's disgusting. It speaks really badly to the Republican party, to a huge amount of those Republicans to not even cut the most egregious stupid waste that it speaks to the problems of the unit party and, and why Trump was fighting, not just against the Democrats, but against most of the Republican party.


Because most of the Republican party is as bad as the Democrats. And so voters, when they go to their, their go to their voting booth in another year and a half, they need to elect somebody that is fiscally responsible. 'cause we have a lot of people that are not. And let's go to, you know, just to pivot back for a second to the reindustrialization of The U us and, and why one of the many reasons why Trump won. I think globalization over the last 30 years has benefited the elites living on in coastal cities. You know, San Francisco, You know, Palo Alto, Silicon Valley, New York, wall Street, et cetera.


But what it's done is it's hollowed out the industrial capacity of the middle of the country and people, there was dignity and still is in being a welder in, in working in a factory. But we decided that we would get it out of the United States, send it off to China. Hey, I've gotta deal with quarterly earning cycles. I'm the CEO. And if it outta sight outta mind and what you have is a group of people in the United States that, you know, once had jobs and real dignity and now they've got nothing. And now they're being fed fentanyl only to die. There's a desperation and a lack of hope. And I think we need to re industrialize the United States.


I mean, is textile manufacturing coming back? Probably not, but there's a whole bunch of stuff that can still come back. I would even disagree. Textile manufacturing can even come back with a certain level of automation or robotics. But when you, what in the nineties when you had, when NAFTA started and you had a over financialization, the entire private equity crowd that can buy a business with a lower cost of capital because they can borrow cheap, they consolidate four or five family owned businesses, they got the management of it, and then they outsource all the production to China because there's a free trade deal to do that. Yeah. Those, those family businesses, the communities that they're in all suffer because of it.


Which is why a baseline tariff incentivizes people to make in America that should be the law of the land. So looking for hope and optimism on, on Memorial Day, we, we will, at some point. I think it's baked into the ethos of the administrations of this administration to re industrialize. I think that, You know, we've opened the eyes of corporate boardrooms in America who now see that their China assets need to get moved. You may have seen, you know, Tim Cook made an announcement that, you know, we're gonna start moving a lot more apple production to India.


You're seeing changes in the military focusing as Eric mentioned, on merit and lethality and first principles. And so little by little you're starting to see, you know, the, the, you know, the cruise ship, if you will, if you want to call us a cruise ship. Just moving slowly in, I think in the right direction in many respects. Like it's not perfect, but, but we're, we're starting to move, but now we need to move faster because we have an adversary that is, you know, very formidable and we better wake up. We're wrapping the interview up. I want to get you guys' opinion on, on what, what does the rest of the world look like? If China were to take Taiwan, we talked about us, what does it look like for Europe?


What does it look like for South America, Africa? What, what does it look like everywhere else? For immediate Southeast Asia, you'll see a ification of meaning, a Chinese control and tentacles into a lot of those societies with more social credit score and more of the big government rule, the elite far away from any kind of individual rights in Latin Amer in Africa, you'll see effective economic colonization and control. If there is, if, if it depends on what The U US rule in the world. If, if, if Taiwan being taken causes a massive bankruptcy in America and a complete reversion, that's a problem for The U US government.


But there's a lot of entrepreneurs in America that don't depend on The U US government that can still take American know-how capability to go out and do innovative things. Right. If you think about, think about what SpaceX is now, he's built a global communications platform to provide global internet. Yeah. The, the NASA was his first customer, but SpaceX and that kind of innovation continues on. We still have 50 great states, 50 state governments that are well run if The U US government has to take a, a massive haircut and a write down, you know, So I, it it's not all, we have a lot of fundamental elements in our society that will continue on with or without The U US government.


I've, I've learned that the hard way over the last 20 years that maybe less federal government is not such a bad thing. A hundred percent. What does the world look like? A less free place? What does Europe look like? Well, Europe has other issues. They've got an imploding demographic, they've got immigration issues. Many, not all, but many of the immigrants that have gone to Europe don't share, let's just say the European cultural values, I'll say It stronger. They're completely incompatible and don't belong in Europe. All right?


And they're suffering from very high energy prices because they had spent decades depending on Russian natural gas while focusing on climate change and listening to Greta Thunberg. And now the Chinese electric vehicles, if they're allowed into Europe, are going to decimate the German automotive industry, Which is already suffering from a much higher cost of electricity because they've embraced the stupid green lie. And for all the noise of Europe, Europe, Europe for Ukraine, the fact is they've continued to buy Russian gas at a dollar figure above any of the military aid that they provided to Ukraine.


Come on. Wow. Unserious people. Yeah. So you've got a demographic issue, you've got an energy issue, you've got a manufacturing issue. And it's unclear how Europe comes out of this. Again, I'm not, I'm not a European political or economic expert, but you can just sort of read the tea leaves. They all have a demographic issue. Japan not replicating itself, not their, their population set to collapse. Korea. Korea, it's even steeper. China has a population collapse issue. Taiwan has an even greater population collapse issue. That's another reason. If, if you don't believe enough in your society to procreate, to have kids to, to leave kids behind, why die defending your Taiwanese society?


That's a Damn good point. It's A damn good point. So look, I still believe in Western Christian civilization that we've gone through rougher patches throughout 2000 years, and there's a lot of great heroes to look to in the past that can rally the people when necessary. I'm, I'm, I'm exceedingly thankful that Trump was elected, and not to politicize this, but again, we've had a very different paradigm of way he has tried to shift the country versus what Kamala Harris did. Elections have consequences and, and politicians don't last forever, but ideas and values should.


And so, you know, this is still the best place on earth United States. Yeah. And look, I'm a believer in American exceptionalism. We attract and retain the best people. We've got a very robust capital markets and private sector. All we need to do is, is tweak a certain number of things to sort of get us all humming and, You know, all the pistons firing. And, and basically I think we need to be aware if, if anything comes out of, you know, our discussion, it should be an awareness that we don't live in a peaceful world. The Francis Fukiama famous, the famous author who wrote, you know, the end of, what is it?


The End of Civilization, we won, you know, we're gonna democratize the world. We have adversaries out there and we need to open our eyes. We need to be vigilant, we need to be prepared. And, and I think if we are able to harness the, you know, the work ethic and the exceptionalism of the American people, we're gonna succeed. And this really is a competition of governance philosophies. Chinese Communist Party is state control rule of the elites with the serfs having no rights. You're but a cog in the machine, kind of like California Yeah. Versus the United States.


We believe in rights. We have a constitution, we have a Bill of Rights, which is supposed to impair and limit the government. And as imperfect as the Republic is, it's an infinitely better place to be than living under a massive status monolith. Yeah. So Yeah. Vote and defend freedom. Yep, That's right. Send it. That's right. Well, gentlemen, I really appreciate your time coming. Thank you. That was a very eye-opening conversation and I learned a, I learned a lot. So Thank you so much for being here. Thanks For having us. Thank You. Alright, Thank You.


The United States Soccer Federation presents The U US Soccer Podcast Inside the opening 45 seconds. Watch a goal with that cannon of the left foot. I'll leave it at One. Never miss a game. Want A start for the United States shot for distance? What a goal. Never miss a moment. Exquisite From the San Can he finish? Yes, he can. Yeah. The U US Soccer Podcast, follow and listen on your favorite platform.