
Close your eyes, exhale, feel your body relax and let go of whatever you're carrying today, While I'm letting go of the worry that I wouldn't get my new contacts in time for this class, I got them delivered free from 1-800-CONTACTS. Oh my gosh, they're so fast. And breathe. Oh, sorry. I almost couldn't breathe when I saw the discount they gave me on my first order. Oh, sorry. Namaste. Visit one 800 contacts.com today to save on your first order. 1-800-CONTACTS.


Summer's here. And Nordstrom has everything you need for your best dress season ever from beach days and weddings to weaken getaways in your everyday wardrobe. Discover stylish options under a hundred dollars from tons of your favorite brands like Mango, skims, princess Polly, and Madewell. It's easy too with free shipping and free returns in store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores online@nordstrom.com or download the Nordstrom app.


Scott Nolan, Welcome to the show, man. Thanks For having me. Excited to be here. Yeah, I'm excited to have you. I've been, you know, I've been really interested in the energy grid. I think I, I started looking into that probably about two years ago, and now I'm terrified at the US' grid and, and, and our power consumption versus how much power we actually produce and how we're relying on China for all these things. And so with what you're doing with enriching uranium and, and being involved in nuclear energy, I'm just fascinated in the subject. And So, Yeah, Thank you for coming. Yeah. So it's gonna be very educational for me.


Yeah, Thanks for having me. This is, this is a really important topic, which we'll get into, but you know, our company's mission is to restore US leadership and enrichment to restore US leadership and nuclear energy because that's what we see as the future of the grid, the future of US growth, power, growth. And we'll get into all the geopolitical reasons why that's really important. Perfect. Perfect. Everybody starts with an introduction, right? So here we go. Scott Nolan, CEO of general matter, the American Enrichment Company, enriching uranium in the U US to fill nuclear to fill the nuclear gap.


Former SpaceX engineer who helped develop the original Falcon Propulsion system and Dragon Capsule subsystem. You worked with NASA to return US cargo capability to the Space Station. You're a partner at the Founder's Fund, where for over a decade you have led investments across energy infrastructure, manufacturing space, and trans transportation, Cornell Mechanical and aerospace engineering graduate Stanford BA, where you are co-president of the Entrepreneurs Club and you're a visionary taking on the geopolitical and technical challenges of nuclear energy and driving towards real energy independence.


That's quite the background, ma'am. Quite the background. So, couple things we just gotta knock out real quick. One is everybody gets a gift. Thank you. Vigilance, elite, gummy bears awesome. Legal in all 50 states. Perfect. Made in the U SA. Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. This later. Cool. You know, it's bad for 'em to show up empty handed. Oh man. Love the presents. I knew, I knew you may give some gummy bears. So what I brought is a replica of the Thumper from the Dune movie, if you've seen it. So Yeah, we can get into why this is relevant later. Oh man, that's awesome. Thank you. Yeah, yeah.


The quick version is if you've, if you've seen Dune, if you've seen Dune two, you know that the Thumper calls in the worm and the worm is what makes the spice. And in that movie, in that society, the spice powers all these different things like space travel. And so it's this really, really important element basically. And House of Tradies is sent to this planet to go mine it, you know, to continue, continue progress of their civilization. So we, we view there as being a bunch of analogies there with uranium and uranium refinement or enrichment. I can see that. Thank you. Yeah, that's awesome.


Last thing, then we'll get into it. So I have a, a Patreon account. It's a subscription account that we've turned into a community. They've been here since the beginning and when I started this thing in my attic, excuse me. And they're still with us today. And so they've been just extremely supportive of me and they're the reason I get to be here with you. So one of the things I do is I offer them the opportunity to ask each and every guest a question. So this is from Dylan Stockman. You invest in a lot of others. Who is someone who you've invested in financially or not that enhance the trajectory of your life?


There's probably been a bunch Direct impact on me. It's gonna be hard to not say Elon. So founders, you know, first I worked for Elon at SpaceX, did a few other things, and then joined Founders Fund and Founders Fund invested in SpaceX, invested in Neuralink, invested in boring company. And so I think just looking at the SpaceX example, yes, I worked there early on, but some of the impact that they had much later on me was through the starlink network. So just the concept of having internet, you know, internet comms, internet coming from space, from a, from a space constellation is something that seemed like sci-fi one or two decades ago.


And now it's, now it's real, you know? So I'm a customer directly impacted me. Founder's fund investment. So that's perfect. We can go with, There's a follow on question also. Do you believe a person with financial backing can outperform a driven in a driven individual with less capital? I think the driven individual with less capital wins, I think so too. That's cool to hear. Alright, you ready to get into the interview? Let's do it. Me too, man. So I just wanna start off with a question. Like I said, I've doven into the energy grid where these tra where the transformers come from, where the solar panels come from.


I mean, there's this big debate on, you know, clean energy and renewables and fossil fuels and, and I just, I don't understand why we're not taking nuclear more seriously, or maybe we are, you know, with the, with the, the new administration, although it's only been six months, but, but it just, it seems like it's the cleanest, it's pacs the most punch, it's the most sustainable. I mean, and, and that's, you know, I don't know much about the energy industry, but I mean, from everything I've read, that seems to be true. So why, why aren't we taking this more seriously? I think we are now.


That's the good news. So I think for many decades we did not, if you, if you think all the way back to the fifties, sixties, everyone thought nuclear was gonna be the future of energy. Energy too. At, at one point they said energy will be, will be too cheap to meter so cheap that it won't even be worth having the power meter on your house. That was the idea. Obviously that hasn't happened today. Nuclear is about 20% of the grid. So still a pretty important chunk of where electricity comes from. But it hasn't really grown in a long time. I think in the last couple years we're seeing both political parties now come together to say, okay, we need more base load energy.


And everyone's now acknowledging that nuclear is clean. It's, it is green energy, it's no particulate emissions, no carbon emissions. It's base load. So you can rely on it. So if you're running a huge AI cluster, you can actually keep the 9 99 0.999% uptime that you need. You don't have to rely on storage, you don't have to rely on weather. So I think it's, it's just the strictly superior energy source. And I think that's, it's been the reality for a long time, but public perception was not what, you know, is that that's not the case. We can get, get into why that is.


Yeah, why is that? So I think you had this environment where, I mean we, we could be leaps and bounds ahead of where we are right now. Yeah. In everything had we taken, you know, our, our, our energy a lot more seriously. Yeah. If you look at the grid, our production has been pretty flat since 2010. In that timeframe, China's doubled their grid and they were the same, same as us in 2010. So they're now twice as big. So that just shows you 15 years, you can, you can double your grid if you want to. And electricity production is highly linked to GDP. And so if you wanna grow your GDP, you grow energy production And you do things with that energy, we could be far, far ahead of where we are, but, you know, what's the, what's the best time to plant a tree?


It's like 20 years ago or, or today. So I think finally people are coming around to the fact that we need to grow the grid. We need to do it with clean, clean sources, scalable sources, reliable. And that's just nuclear. And so I, I'd say it was in the last couple years that politically there's been support for nuclear, both under this administration and a bunch of recent actions that are gonna be very helpful as well as the prior administration. And so we're, we're finally seeing that unblock, The prior administration was into nuclear as Well. Yeah, there was support for it. I didn't know that. Yeah, it's a couple years ago really started pushing on nuclear as something that needed to happen.


So there was a large desire for these new advanced reactors that are even safer. Then existing ones, existing ones are already the safest form of base load energy, but even safer, smaller, easier to construct, hopefully much cheaper. So there was a push around that starting a few years ago. And in 2024, the last administration created a program for availability of that fuel for those reactors. 'cause all those reactors have no source of fuel right now other than foreign adversaries. And so we don't produce that fuel in the U us. So the last administration did realize that and said we need to create programs to encourage US companies to actually make this fuel.


Since that was something that happened in 2024 that we, we are now a part of that program, but it's getting even more support under current administration. There's been recent executive orders a couple weeks ago that dealt with nuclear by this administration that's gonna further accelerate things. So it's been become totally bipartisan the last couple years. I mean, do you think, do you think it's the fear of nuclear weapon? Like is it a misconception between nuclear weapons and nuclear power? Yes. That, that, that has created the setback. I think there's, there's two things. There's the fear of weapons, there's also the fear of accidents. But if you look at the, you know, most famous US accident, three mile Island, no one actually died from three mile Island, from radiation exposure from anything else.


What Happened there? So, good, good question. So Three Mile Island was a famous meltdown that happened in the U us in in Pennsylvania. And so there were two reactors on three Mile Island, an island of land in a river, and a series of operator mistakes caused one of them to have a meltdown. And what that means is the fuel overheated, there was, you know, some issues caused by that. And then potentially some, the fear of a meltdown is that you get some radiation leakage, but you have containment vessels that contain all these things. And that's where a lot of the cost from nuclear comes from is making sure that in no circumstance can any radioactive material ever release from the facility.


And so three Mile Island, one of the reactors shut, shut down, melted partial meltdown due to human error, series of human error, that due to process controls would not occurred today. But even so, this thing that people view as this crazy disaster, and I think it happened right after a movie came out called the China Syndrome, which was about a nuclear meltdown. So this movie came out and right after this accident happened and just drove The U us into a state of fear about nuclear that lasted decades. And so fast forward to today, one of those reactors is still outta commission, but the other one, Microsoft is planning to turn back on to power ai.


Okay. So they renamed Three Mile Island to Crane, crane Energy Center, I believe. And so one of those reactors is gonna come back. So this thing that people really worry about, they cite Three Mile Island, they cite accidents, Hey, nuclear can't be safe, nuclear is extremely safe. It's the safest form base load. And even the worst accident in the U US history, which was caused by human error that would not occur today and can't occur with the more advanced reactors, even that one result in zero, in zero deaths. And so by not building nuclear, we instead did lots of other stuff. We did coal, a natural gas, wind, solar, all of those things we need.


But none of 'em are as safe as nuclear. Yeah, well I mean do you think that, do you think any of the setbacks are, you know, big oil and gas industry? And I mean I don't blame them. I think, I think the fossil fuels industry, oil and gas have been doing what they've, you know, they're on their mission. Let's have us energy independence, let's, you know, pull from the natural gas reserves. We have natural gas being half the carbon output of, of other types of fossil fuels. And so, you know, that's, that's been a big part of how The U us actually reduced its carbon emissions.


The last few years was, was natural gas. So I think those companies are just laser focused on what they're trying to do. I think the fact that nuclear has not become bigger is a US policy decision and it's the nuclear industry maybe not pushing hard enough for, for progress really defending themselves. 'cause there's a lot of great people in nuclear who have believed in nuclear for decades and diligently worked away at it. And it should be much bigger than it is. Can you help the audience understand how much we could advance, you know, talk about the, how important energy is in everyday society and, and especially with, you know, with the AI boom hang happening right now and all the data centers that we need and how much power that's gonna con consume.


I mean, can can you go into that a little bit on Yeah. On how important this actually is? Yeah. Just to, so set the stage overall, if we just talk about The U us, US has 94 reactors operating produce, 97 gigawatts, call it a hundred gigawatts of electricity. And that's roughly 18.5% of our grid energy production in terms of how big this could be, I think total. So, you know, call it five x that for the overall grid average production and then total installed production capacity in the U US is like 1,250 gigawatts.


So a lot of that's not operating all the time. That's like peaker plants, it might be wind, solar, not everything is base load. And then just to calibrate internationally, US and China and neck and neck in 2010 on production capacity on the grid, since then China doubled by the end of the decade, it'll triple. So you can double and triple the grid if you want to. They've done a lot of that through nuclear, but much more with coal. And so other countries are expanding and they're doing it not in the cleanest way. So us doing it with nuclear us doing it with other things, you know, it displaces manufacturing that might happen there with a cleaner source of energy here. So geopolitically, if you think about US versus China, people are worried about conflicts of all types.


AI conflict, kinetic conflict, economic, all three of those come back to energy. So if you want to have The U s being the lead on AI manufacturing or economic influence, you need to have the most energy. It's directly linked to GDP as a company. We believe in high energy societies, energy societies that consume and use effectively a lot of energy. And if you look at all the countries on earth, there's not a single country that is low energy and high GDP. So he Sent us a graph, energy consumption versus income per capita in 2022.


I'll overlay that on the screen, but it, it shows high income, low energy countries don't exist. Yeah. If you want poor countries to get the standard of living that we have, it's gonna take more energy. So that's you, you know, we can, we can look at the global lens and that's simply the reality. If you want, if you want everyone to have a good quality of life, you know, be able to heat and cool their homes, have refrigeration, have all the things we have, it's gonna take a lot more energy and there's, there's no way around it. One of the big, oh, Is this India, are they, do they produce more energy than us as well Per capita?


No, let's see, where's on here? Yeah, per capita, no. But overall, yes. India, China, huge, huge production and consumption. I mean in on top of that, I mean I've been talking to a lot of innovators, a lot of tech innovators, which has said Dino maus on who's founder of Ciran been talking to a lot of, a lot of AI types. Alex Wang had Sham Sankar in and, and I mean they're all talking about how much energy that we need, you know, in in, in the race to ai.


And So, I mean I've heard of these many reactors that people are starting to build. I don't, are those, I mean are they using those yet? Is that legal? Not yet. They're not using 'em yet.


The national debt is spiraling out of control. Trade wars are causing record volatility and inflation continues to rise. Are you prepared for what might be coming in the rest of 2025? Don't sit on the sidelines. Take action today to help protect your hard earned cash. You can even do this tax and penalty free call today at eight five five nine three six gold or visit sean likes gold.com. Have a plan, get organized and protect what you've worked so hard for. Right now, you can get a free 2025 gold and silver kit for my partners at the top rated Precious Metals Company Gold Co learn more about the benefits of gold and silver, especially during these economic times. Plus, you could get unlimited bonus silver if you qualify. That's unlimited bonus silver help secure your future today. Visit sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6 gold. That's sean likes gold.com or call 8 5 5 9 3 6. Gold performance may vary. You should always consult with your financial and tax professional before making an investment decision.


If you take your health as seriously as I do, you know how important hydration is. That's why I want to tell you about hoist. Hoist is made in the U SA and has three times the electrolytes and half the sugar compared to other sports drinks with no artificial dyes or preservatives. Hoist is on military bases globally serving war fighters and operations and training. I wish I had had hoist as an option for hydration during my military career, especially the brand new flavor they just released five star punch through December 31st, 2025 hoist is donating a minimum of $10,000 to Folds of honor a nonprofit organization that provides educational scholarships to family members of fallen service members or first responders. Hoist is now available in all Publix locations. You can use the store locator on their website to find a store near you or you can purchase directly from drink hoist.com where you can use my code SRS to save 15% on their website. Go check out their website, that's drink hoist.com and use my code SRS to save 15%


In terms of the AI demand. If you just project out AI demand, it's gonna be equal to our grid by 2030. It's just this exponential growth curve. And those are always hard to predict. But reasonable predictions say it needs as much as we have on the entire grid by 2030, which means we have to start right now expanding production of reactors of fuel. And so to your question, are they using 'em yet? No, not yet. There's a lot of companies building, designing and now building and we'll be testing advanced reactor types and I expect those to, we should start seeing those plug into the grid in about five years.


And so we need to do that now if you know it's five years out, okay, AI is gonna consume equivalent to The U US grid today in five years potentially. That's crazy. We need to go full speed on reactor licensing, construction, deployment, and all those reactors need fuel. So existing reactors need fuel, advanced reactors need fuel. I think a lot of people forget about this. You think, okay, I build a nuclear reactor and nuclear physics is really complicated but maybe it's like a, you know, almost like a perpetual motion machine, but it's not, it consumes fuel. You reload the fuel every year to five to 10 years depending on the reactor design And you need the fuel production too.


And that's what we're working on. What, what happens if we don't advance and AI sucks up that much energy, but in five years what would happen If it soaked up all that energy? Then you're going to, you just don't have enough to go around. So I think at a minimum you see electricity rates go up for homeowners for your, for, for businesses. If that happens, you know, in California there's occasional brownouts. I think you see that more if there's not enough to go around. So you're getting brownouts, you're getting more expensive electricity, you're probably losing manufacturing to overseas where there is available electricity or you're not getting ai so you're just gonna halt that progress Man, I think the, the good news is a lot of the AI builds that people are doing, the big data centers are looking for a gigawatt plus.


And so a big part of how they're planning to get that electricity is by bringing new production online, often behind the meter or plugged into the, you know, plugged into the grid for some smoothing so that they don't have to have, you know, perfect uptime. They can use other sources like natural gas, but we're gonna see a lot of new capacity come online to feed AI datacenters that they are bringing online. Then that could actually benefit the grid. So if we do this right, a big data center builder will figure out production on their end and probably over design a little bit, set there's margin and be able to feed back onto the grid. So the rest of the, through AI growth, through new nuclear that might happen at those sites, we should see rates actually come down over time and production go up.


And so it's the usual like innovation cycle where in theory, if we're just thinking about the world as a a fixed sum, zero sum game, the pie's only. So big things get worse when you have more demand. But in reality, as you develop new technologies to meet this demand, you're gonna see things get better. Let's talk about your company. Yeah, so companies general matter, what we're doing is enriching uranium to make nuclear fuel for these reactors. The reason we're doing that is The U US currently does not have a significant amount of uranium enrichment for fuel production.


So The U US US cannot currently produce its own nuclear fuel in any quantity beyond r and d quantities. Are you serious? So where do we get it from? So currently we, we get all of our, so there's five steps in making fuel. You have to mine it outta the ground, you then turn it into a gas for enrichment, you then enrich it, which is just, it's essentially a refining process. So enrichment is separating the element of uranium into it's 2D, a couple different types based on its isotope, which is how many neutrons it has.


So it's really a refining separation process. So a lot of people here, Richmond, they think okay, this sounds dangerous or sounds like there's gonna be a lot of radiation or there's gonna be some sort of dangerous chemical reactions. It's actually just separation. So we don't even have any, you know, in a enrichment plant there's no nuclear reactions happening. You're not making anything go critical is what they call it. When there's a chain reaction and there's no chemical reactions, you are doing phase change, you're taking some material from a solid to a gas, but you're just separating it. So that's the middle step that The U US doesn't currently do. We'll talk more about that. And then you bring it back down into a solid, which is called deconversion and then you form it into a pellet or a particle, a pebble, whatever form the reactor needs.


That's called fuel fabrication. So these five steps, The U US has mining, we have mining in Texas, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado. So there's mining Canada has mining a lot, you know, a lot of mining for uranium. And Australia has great deposits as well. So US and its allies have plenty of uranium on conversion. We have one conversion facility in the U US that's operating in Illinois and then Canada has one too. That's again going from solid to gas. But enrichment, The U us has no commercially operating capability. So we get all of our enrichment from foreign companies, which are state backed entities.


Most of it's overseas. So that's, we get, we get enriched uranium product from Russia, from France and from a European consortium of a couple countries that produce. And then that consortium at the request of US utilities built a facility in the U us to produce some of what we need, but it's still less than a third. So two thirds comes from overseas, one third produced by foreign, a foreign company in the U us using their technology. And then on the, on the downstream side of making the pellets good capability in the U us for doing that. Right now some of the more advanced forms of like little pellets that are maybe poppy, poppy seed size called triose, it's got some ceramic coatings around it that, Did you say poppy seed size?


Yeah, they're poppy seed size. So to get into the details of some of the fuel forms, there was a type of fuel that was developed decades ago and tested for a really long time. So it's, it's been proven to be really robust, but you take a tiny piece of uranium And you coat it with ceramic. And that ceramic means that even in the worst case scenario where your reactor somehow disintegrates, these little pellets are self-contained so they can't even release any radioactive gas. So it's another layer of safety on top. So a bunch of the advanced reactor types are doing that. But if we zoom out, you know, for to really have domestic capability, you need all the steps.


And so the step that's missing right now is enrichment. And that's why we're working on enrichment. Why, why don't we have enrichment right now? We used to have enrichment, global map of enrichment. Right now Russia's about half Europe's about 40%. China's roughly 10% growing really fast. So the 10% was a couple years ago. It's, it's north of that now. And The U US, just in terms of how much total enrichment we're doing, it's less than 0.1%. And so you ask how do we get here? Yeah, these, these things are usually it's, you know, it's usually over constrained. There's a bunch of reasons why we got here.


We didn't think we needed it. We thought maybe nuclear isn't growing anymore, it's fine. We have these reactors up until a couple years there wasn't agreement that we needed more reactors. And so why build a bunch of new capacity in the U us for enriching if we're not gonna build a bunch more reactors, we can just get this stuff from, we can get enriched uranium from our allies in Europe and you know, other countries as well. And if you rewind to the history of this, in the fifties, The U US built a bunch of enrichment. This was, you know, a cold war era. We were the world leader in enrichment. We had these plants spread out throughout the country that used an old technique that was expensive, it was required a lot of energy to do it, but we were, we had the most capacity and we built up a lot of enriched uranium that we stockpiled.


And those stockpiles we knew they would last a really long time, you know, decades and decades. And so with the fall of the Berlin wall, we said let's start trading with our former enemies. We're allies now. We can work together, free trade's good for the world and we can get this product elsewhere. And so over the next couple decades we move towards free trade and imports and decommission those old, old facilities assuming that that would be a fine thing to rely on with a bunch of different partners. But now we're in a position where we need to grow nuclear energy and if you look at how much enrichment The U us is gonna need right now, we produce less than a third of what we need.


And the, the administration a couple weeks ago said, we are going to quadruple our nuclear energy by 2050. So now we went from producing a third of what we need, less than a third to less than a 12th. And so we need to create a, a massive amount of new nuclear reactor builds. We have 94 now we gotta quadruple that and the fuel production we need to, to increase much more than that. How much, when you're talking about a poppy seed, I mean that's like nothing. How much energy does that produce? So a, a pellet, roughly an inch tall of conventional enriched uranium, that one pellet, which roughly like coke can dimensions just shrunk down to one inch tall, would contain as much energy as a ton of coal or a hundred barrels of oil.


Wow. So, and yeah, that's, that's also if that, that pellet is conventional nuclear fuel, which is about 5% enriched. And when you run that through, most of the energy is still in there. So you, you put it in, you know, the way that nuclear reactors work is you have uranium inside the sile material is uranium 2 35. You get uranium 2 35 in proximity to itself and it starts releasing neutrons which create heat and it forms a chain reaction. These chain reactions are controlled in reactors through the control rods that they have through water in the vessel. And so it just, it's basically a heat generator And you take the heat traditionally you boil water, you either do that directly, you know, all the rods are sitting in water and so they're making heat, the water's heating up.


You can either keep that really pressurized like a pressure cooker and exchange the heat and run a steam turbine outside. Or you can actually just let the water boil and use the steam there to power to power turbines directly. So that's how reactors work. And like a really simple analogy I give is, it's almost like a compost heap. It's like, you know, food scraps and yard waste spread out isn't gonna do anything but you pilot enough, you start getting some heat production and that's essentially what a reactors doing is, except it's doing it with a much different type of reaction. It's a nuclear reaction and it's doing it with uranium. And so that's how every reactor works is just fuel held in some configuration with some element of control over how much heat's produced and some coolant that's around it.


Wow. So one, one little one inch pellet is equivalent to a ton of coal or a hundred barrels of oil. Yep. That's also enriched at conventional levels 5%. So the big reactors we see today, the ones with the, you know, the Homer Simpson reactors, the ones with the huge cooling towers, those run on 5% fuel. So in nature, when you dig up uranium, it's about 0.7% uranium 2 35, which is the, the fol material. And so you do this enrichment process to get up to four, 4.95, three to 5%. A lot of reactors wanna run at 4.95.


And so you get it up to that level and that just means it's more potent energy. And so for any given reactor size, you get that heat production happening at that enrichment level. If you're talking about the advanced reactors, a lot of them want to go to 10% or just under 20% because you're gonna get that much more energy density, your reactor core can get smaller or you might not have to refuel it as much 'cause you can just let it run all the way further down as it burns up. And so that makes economics better. So if a lot of people want to go to 20%, because smaller reactor core means you can build that reactor in a factory, then maybe you can just ship it to the site. So now you avoid a huge construction project and as you build things in factories, the cost just naturally comes down as you, as you build more and more and scale up.


Wow. Wow. So how are you enriching, how did you get into this anyways? Yeah, good question. That not something people really wake up one morning and say, I wanna do enrichment of uranium. It's pretty esoteric industry for me. The background was, you know, I'd worked at SpaceX early on and seen what it looks like when people just stopped doing something and completely lose the capability. And you know, and SpaceX is example, I was always in, I was aerospace, I always wanted to do aerospace, rockets, airplanes.


And during college I worked at Boeing and I worked on a big government project but knew I want, you know, it wasn't moving that fast. We weren't making that much progress. I knew that there was a future that we never had in, in space and found out about SpaceX went to work there we were 30 something people. And the whole point of SpaceX was let's make humanity a multi-planetary species. A lot of people at the time were really focused on satellites and saying, okay, there's this revolution in satellites. They don't need to be school bus size satellites that are a billion dollars. We can make smaller ones using modern technology, compute, the computer chips, all the things that are just off the shelf available through the electronics industry.


Let's put those into satellites and use 'em. And so satellite costs came way down and satellites got much smaller. But there was still this step of launch, launch was still bottleneck, still super expensive. And so SpaceX's whole thing was let's bring down the cost of launch, let's restore us capability. At the time 2002 that SpaceX got started, that was really the focus. And then this became really urgent with the loss of the space shuttle and the grounding of the space shuttle by the mid two thousands. And so it was really clear, hey, we need this capability if we want to have a future in space. So that SpaceX experience is really analogous to what, what I saw a couple years ago in nuclear.


So post SpaceX did a bunch of other things started at Founders Fund in 2011. So founder's funds of a venture capital firm based in San Francisco. Big investor in a bunch of companies including SpaceX, Palantir, Andel, Facebook, long list, Airbnb, Spotify. But most known for some of these incubations of companies that are solving big national security problems like Palantir and Andel. And spent over a decade there meeting many different nuclear reactor companies. And in the last couple years, you know, nuclear companies and other forms of energy.


So last couple years was really focused on energy, not even on purpose, just it was, it was where a lot of interesting stuff was happening. And starting a couple years ago, the, the common refrain from every nuclear reactor company was we don't have a source of fuel. We need this more enriched fuel enriched to 20% because we wanna make our smaller reactors, we wanna make them in factories, we want to get really low on cost and you know, high quality, low cost, the whole six Sigma manufacturing strategy. But let's use those concepts and apply 'em to nuclear reactors. Instead of treating every single one as a bespoke one-off construction project, we're gonna factory produce these.


So that would, that's pretty much everyone's vision. But they said to pull that off, you've gotta make it smaller. You can't build a huge thing a a thing the size of larger than a factory. In a factory. You've gotta make small things. And so if we're gonna make the reactor small, we need more energy dense fuel. How small are they making these reactors? So one company that founders fund invested in makes a reactor that's fits in a shipping container. So you can truck it to the site, drop it off, put some perimeter security around it, put some active security around it, and minimal site preparation you can operate.


That's the idea. How much would that power Those that are in a container like that one megawatts. So that's meant to just replace a diesel generator. So not a lot, but if you can make 'em cheap enough, you can tile 'em together and build, you know, a big array of 'em. Like you see with solar. Yeah, solar, gas generators, grid scale, battery storage, same thing. So that's one approach. I think you go that small and it's gonna have some really unique applications that are off grid or you know, defense based resilient power, you can go bigger and still achieve some of the same things. So it's a question of, there's this range called micro reactors, which is anything from a megawatt to 20 megawatts.


And so different people have different opinions of how, what's the optimal size, but you can go as small as a shipping container and there's people trying to go smaller for other applications. Wow. Yeah, That's interesting. So all these, all these ones taking the small approach, they need this more enriched fuel enriched to 20%. 'cause we wanna make the small core and what everyone said was, yeah, we don't have a good source of fuel, we really need to figure this out. And so I would ask, well where are you gonna get your fuel today? And the answer was, Hey, only Russia and China make this this fuel. They're the only ones going to 20%. And so I would naturally, you know, ask why don't, why don't The U US enrichment companies make this fuel?


Is it a lot harder than making the fuel up to 5%, enriching up to 5%? And they would say, what do you mean us enrichment companies? They're we're not really enriching in the U us there's, there's people trying to and trying to get commercial going, but we we're not doing it today. And so I spent over a year looking for a company to invest in at founders fund that would, that was doing this, that could do this, that had a path for bringing the cost down and bringing production up. And rega, regrettably couldn't find one and said, okay, what would it take to getting back to your question of how did this all start? Just ask what would it take to start a company to go do this?


And it was, you know, you are gonna need financial backing to your, to your question of who would win a really dedicated passionate founder without much capital or someone with capital, A lot of capital and capital's important for this. I'd say why not have both? And so you need the capital, you need a great founding team. Ideally the team would have both people from the nuclear industry. That's mandatory. You need the best people plucked outta the nuclear industry who are scattered everywhere. That's part one. But part two is you need people from Silicon Valley, the tech industry, the hardware industry.


And this was actually the formula that, and Andrew used that Palantir used, even SpaceX used. And then part three is you need a team that can get security clearances and is like highly passionate about this problem and has worked on things before with the government. And so zooming out, I realized, wait, that's, that's us. We need to incubate a company, we need to, you know, pull together the team. And then it felt like I was the right person to run it. And so that's how we got started. That was 2023 was that process and then really got going full speed in 2024.


You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. They've stood in the gap for Americans who believe that faith, family and freedom are worth fighting for and they're the real deal. They've got cutting edge technology in switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. They're a hundred percent US-based team can activate you in minutes right over the phone. They're one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. They can even put a second number on a different network on the phone. It's like carrying two phones and one, they have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming internet on the go devices and home internet backup. Make the switch today and experience the difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot and right now use the promo code SRS for a free month of service when you sign up, switch to Patriot Mobile and defend freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash ss or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


How much progress have you guys made? We've made pretty good progress for, you know, a year and a half in at least we feel like we have. So one of the first things we did was, even before starting the company, we had a lot of conversations with the DOE. You know, going back to that question of what's the best way to start a company? It's, it's by understanding if there's a need. And so some of our first conversations were with people within the DOE saying, hey, this seems like, seems like a need based on all the startups that we're talking to. They say that they have to get their fuel from foreign providers. Is that really the case? And the, you know, DOE would confirm that yes, we currently get all of our enrichment from foreign providers and we asked, is this something that we should go and try and do?


Is this something the DOE would be supportive of because this is a controlled technology. And again, same thing. Yes this would be good. We, we could use more people doing this, this would be a good thing. We also talked to the DOD people on our team, were involved in the DOD at the time and we're looking around saying do we have an answer to this field problem? The answer was we have a stockpile but someday that runs out and it would be great if we could get production going. And then we talked to the reactor companies and not only did they not have a source of enrichment or a source of fuel at the enrichment levels that they needed, but they also pointed out, hey, it's also really expensive at the prices we're gonna have to pay these other companies.


It's gonna be more than half our cost. And so we do wanna get the cost really low and we're gonna do the factory builds, but even if we got the cost of the reactor to zero, we can only have this unless the fuel cost comes down. And so that was very similar to the space industry two thousands where yes, the satellites had gotten a lot cheaper and smaller, but the launch cost was still there. And so if you really wanted to erode the total cost you had to hit hit the launch cost next. And so we're trying to do that with fuel. So our whole mission was let's make, let's bring back domestic production of enrichment. Let's do it yes at low enrichment levels but also at the HALEU levels, the 20% that all these reactors need.


And let's figure out how to do this much, much lower cost so that we can make nuclear better than every other form of energy. It's already the safest base load, the cleanest base load. We're also gonna make it the cheapest. And so that's the whole north star is let's bring back domestic production, let's make nuclear so cheap and safe and reliable with, you know, fuel supply chain certainty throughout that it becomes the dominant form of energy. So that's the goal. That's how we got started. Wow. So that it didn't sound, it doesn't sound like you had a ton red tape, government bureaucracy shit to deal with.


The DOE stepped up and said we are gonna help catalyze this HALEU production by being, being the market maker. We're gonna be the off-take partner. So they created a a $2.7 billion government program contract ceiling to purchase enrich uranium from providers and then the DOE would then hold onto that and sell it to the reactor companies as they needed it. That's the start of that program in early 24. So we applied to that And you know, we, we submitted what what we thought was a really strong application and in October of last year, the, the DOE selected us as one of the, the awardees in that program.


So that one was us and three state backed entities, the French company, the European Consortium, and a company in the U us called Centris that spun out of the DOEA few decades back. And so it's, you know, us and those three government backed entities we're the only only startup in the mix. And so we were in stealth for a long time. And when that got announced, I think a lot of people wondered who are we? And so now we've started talking about what we're doing, How much of this will we be able to produce? Depends on the year, but we're, we're gonna be producing by the end of the decade. That's our commitment to the industry and to our government partners.


And we're gonna try and, you know, go as fast as we can on that. And the sooner we get started, the more we can produce. 'cause our production will naturally ramp. But the, the goal here is by the, you know, in the 2030s, we want to make sure The U us can actually produce what it needs to consume for all its reactor fleet today and for future reactors. So the goal here is restore domestic independence on fuel production and do that in the 2030s. So this means, you know, at least a couple large facilities that we'll have to construct over the next decade. Do you know where he'll put those facilities Right now? We do, we do have a few states that we're, we're deciding between.


So these are all pro-energy states, pro-nuclear energy states who have taken actions to prove that they're really, really excited about nuclear energy and really wanna do things. And so that's currently our, our top ones that we're looking at that are for a big commercial greenfield facility are Texas, Wyoming, Utah, Washington. And so we have some, you know, there's front runners there, there's, there's ones we're really excited about. We're excited about all of them, but over the next couple months we're gonna be making some decisions about which one is really the first one we go to. How big will these facilities be? They're, the way to think about it is it's, you know, people think about nuclear and they think of, you know, either the, the classic cooling towers with steam coming out.


Ours is gonna look very much like a Amazon warehouse or a data center or like a pharmaceutical plant that's just a rectangular building. Gotcha. And the size of these buildings depends on how much capacity you want, but we're talking a few hundred thousand square feet. So think, hey it looks like a big Amazon warehouse and there's a lot of equipment inside, but it's a self-contained thing. I mean, how many, I'm I'm just curious how, how many difference you're talking about poppy seed size with ceramic around, now you're talking about inch inch high, I mean what's the, what's the biggest, Yeah, the traditional reactors operate off of these small fuel pellets that are the inch high ones and then they assemble those into fuel rods that then get bunched together and then go into the reactor.


Okay. So classically the big issue would have would be those one inch little cylinders. Some new reactor concepts are using the poppy seeds, but they form 'em into larger spheres. So for that you've got something that's roughly the size of a golf ball. Okay. And those will be sitting at the bottom of the reactor generating heat as gas flows over them to cool them off and to harvest the heat. So these little tiny poppy seeds get, you know, basically formed together into that golf ball size. Okay. And then some people are even trying to use molten salt approaches where the whole coolant that flows through contains the uranium in it.


And so you have a mixture of, of fluids. So in that case it's just, it's basically like a liquid flowing. What about the waste? Is there any waste? There's, yeah, the, the waste that people talk about is really spent fuel. That's the way to think about it. It's just, hey, we took this pellet classically the one inch tall metal sort of pellet and we put in the reactor for a while and a lot of The U 2 35 it reacted, it released heat, it released neutrons, it's something else now. And so it decays into other things. And so now you've got that pellet and what do you do with it? You put it in water, cool it off for a period of time and then they put it into cement cylinders.


And these cylinders are, you know, probably roughly 10 feet across bigger than human size but nearly indestructible. That's how they're designed to be. And today we just keep them next to the reactor that they were operating at and they, they sit there. If you look at all those and you know, there's ways to potentially recycle some of that spent fuel and get more energy out of it, which is something people are talking about and thinking about now. But that would just, you know, that's a longer conversation about what are the benefits of that. Even if you don't do that And you just take these pellets that we've run through and put to the side And you put them all together in a pile.


All the nuclear spent fuel that The U US has generated over the entire history of nuclear energy, if you put that all into an Olympic sized swimming pool, it would be half filled. So that's it. That's it. And it's metal. People think of nuclear waste or spent fuel as, you know, green, green ooze that's gonna trickle out and get in the water supply. These are are spent metal fuel ingots again that altogether are, are only half the volume of an Olympic-sized swimming pool. So this is not actually a big deal. I think the waste issue has been a, a red herring. I think it's been something that people bring up who don't want nuclear energy as, hey we can't do nuclear energy until we solve the waste issue and good news, there is no waste issue.


So let's do nuclear energy. That's, that's my perspective. Wow. There's still things we could do about waste and should we store it all together in one place that's very inert and stable, that's a discussion. Should we somehow recycle it and get the remaining energy out of it? 'cause there's still, there's still U2 35 in there. We could still utilize that energy. That's a conversation. But yeah, we should not let this idea of waste to be a stopper for doing more nuclear. What do you think we should do with it? I think for now what we're doing is, is not terrible, just keep it where it is. The U US should decide on how, what are we gonna do with this long term?


Is that one site where we can just store it? Is it a couple sites? And so we should con continue looking for places to place it as a backstop. But you know, recent, some of the recent executive orders talk about how should we think about recycling, are there ways to, to do better Recycling may not be as cost effective as just going and mining and producing new fuel. France does recycling and reprocessing, but The U US doesn't. So there's some economic argument there about what's the total cost of these different solutions. So I think that's, that's something we'll just the industry's gonna be looking into for the next few years. What else has the, what else has the government done to, to, what have they done to quadruple our energy production?


By when? When did you say By 2050? By 2050, Yeah. Yeah. So we're just taking action now. So really the last couple years there's been the programs to, if you, if you zoom out there's fuel side and there's reactor side. On the reactor side there was a program that was about deploying advanced reactors. There was a couple of companies that were involved in that that started a few years back. And so Terra Power X Energy are both part of that. That's a program to try and accelerate their deployment. So that's probably the first action that was taken in recent history.


That's really spurring things. And then you have the HALEU availability program a couple years back that launched a couple sub-programs under that that are funded by that HALEU availability program, one of which is the enrichment that we're working on. And then with some of the, there was a Russia sanction pretty much across the board except for a couple categories. And uranium actually got banned from Russian imports middle of last year. And so that triggered another program focused on the lower enriched uranium. So you had the A RDP, the advanced demonstration reactor program.


You had HALEU and LEU enrichment programs. And then what we saw a couple weeks ago were a couple four executive orders focused on accelerating nuclear. So these are some of the biggest actions that have been taken in a long time. So yes, you have more funding for things, but that's like the gas. But there was this break on things and the executive orders are meant to address the break. Okay. And so you had, you know, a lot of people say it's all about regulation. That's been the thing that stopped it. These, I don't think that's the whole story and we can get into that, but these executive orders, they're gonna focus on the regulation piece 'cause they can't tell the industry what to do.


The industry's gotta actually go, go do it. But the executive orders did address four different things. One was the supply chain, one was the DOE. So supply chain meaning fuel and other elements that, elements of workforce and things that need to go into the industry. So how do we, how do we support that and bolster that. Second executive order was around the Department of Energy and saying, we haven't done anything new with reactors for a long time. Pretty much any reactor we build is going to be r and d and so we should treat it like r and d. And the Department of Energy has the right to test reactors under r and d, so we should give them more top cover or ability to go test these reactors on their land.


So this creates an alternative for companies just trying to get started to prove out what they can do. And now they can do that on DOE land even more than they could before. So that's, that's one action. There's another executive order that said the defense department should stand up the capability to deploy its own reactors so that they can, you know, have energy resilience on their bases. Another executive order said the NRC should reform. Historically it just looked at risk and said we need to get radiation risk as low as possible, even lower than background levels. In some cases this policy was known as elara, as low as reasonably achievable, and there's really no floor on that.


So that meant that while the safest, the safest nuclear is known nuclear and so there's naturally a bias towards really restricting nuclear and you know, just creating an incredibly high safety bar that's higher than any other source of energy. And so this executive order said, Hey, let's take a look at the regulations and let's update them. Let's not deregulate, let's just reregulate and think about given modern technology, how should we be thinking about this? Yes, every energy source has some risk, but nuclear has a lot of benefits and we should factor those in just like we do for air travel. There's risk, but there's benefits. So you can't say that it has to be zero risk, otherwise you're gonna do other things like driving to somewhere and that's higher risk.


So same thing on energy. And so there was N-R-C-D-O-D-D-O-E in the supply chain and all four of those executive orders went out a couple weeks ago. And they all just get back to the core themes of let's get more industrial activity, more economic activity in the U us. Let's remove unnecessary regulations that just slow things down. Two, really let's bring stuff back onshore and have our own capabilities. So that worst case we can produce what we need, we should still trade, but let's make sure we have a backstop to that. And then three, if we want to have national security and be able to have influence across the globe, we need to be leaders in these industries.


And so for nuclear, we need to lead and we need to turn around the trend of 87% of reactors that are out there on the world are designs from other countries, not The U us. And so as people deploy those reactors that comes with fuel contracts and really locks 'em in to be dependent for a long time on these other countries. And so The U us should be actually leading there and being able to work with our allies to give them reactors and give them fuel. Now I got a question. I mean is is somebody who's jumping into this with both feet and you're going full speed ahead, I mean with the polarized political climate of the country right now, I mean do you worry that, and I think you said by the end of the decade, so there will be a, you know, there'll be a change before.


Do, do you worry that political rivalries are gonna get in the way of, of your success? I don't think so. This, yeah, this has been a really bipartisan issue. So even the programs that we're working with the DDOE on, those were under the last administration. And then this administration's doing great things to try and accelerate nuclear too. And I think last couple years you saw this bipartisan support emerge were people who were more focused on clean energy, realized nuclear emits no carbon and no particulates and it's safe. And the waste issue, the spent fuel issue is so small compared to the waste we generate through every other form of energy.


This is the cleanest base load, it's the safest base load, we should do this. And then on the, on the other side, people who are more focused about energy production and cost realize with the new technologies, nuclear could actually be the, the cheapest, the most economical and our best path for just expanding production like you know, like we have in a very long time. And so I think this is, this combined with a safety profile of existing nuclear and the even better safety profile of advanced nuclear. I don't think there's, I don't think there's gonna be a lot of disagreement. I think people have realized, hey, this is one thing we can come together on and say that this is positive and I don't think there's any reason for it to become a political thing.


That's great to Hear. Even some of the states we're, we're looking at Washington for example, that's a classically blue state, but they're doing a lot of things in nuclear. And so I think everyone's come around to this. That's Good to hear. I mean, will we be able, maybe we already are, I don't know, but I mean will we be able to mine our own uranium here? We already do. We already do. Yep. So on the five steps, just to, to go back. So mining, converting into gas, enriching deconvert back into solid and then fuel fabrication, the mining, we already, we already do it and we've been doing it for a long time in Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and with newer techniques in Wyoming and in Texas.


And so there's a bunch of places in the U US that have uranium that we can go mine either through conventional techniques, which is classic mining underground or open pit or the new modern technology, which is init recovery, ISR, which essentially people are just, they drill wells, they flow a fluid through the under underground and then pull it back up and that fluid manages to dissolve and extract the uranium. And so that's a newer technique that looks more like fracking or something to, to get to get uranium. So we do mining in the U us our allies do a lot of mining. Canada does mining, they have great order deposits, so does Australia.


So between us and our allies, there's plenty of plenty of mining and plenty right here in the U us. Do you think we would wind up exporting? I think we could enriched Uranium. Yeah, I think we could. Our focus is let's get The U us back to completely meeting its own needs. But when you think about other countries that want nuclear and they say, Hey, you know, why can't we have nuclear energy? Why can't we have nuclear fuel? I think The U us should at some point be the provider of that fuel, especially if we can do it really cheaply. So think of an argument of a country like Iran that says we want nuclear energy for, for commercial use, non-military use.


If we told them, Hey, we make a lot of fuel, we we do it at a very low cost, why don't you buy it from us? You don't need to enrich. I think that could be a, you know, a win-win if they're willing to agree to that. And I think at some point if The U US is producing a lot of fuel at low cost and we're willing to sell it at that low cost to other countries, much cheaper than they could ever produce it for. And if they're new to nuclear and we're building new reactor types and we say, look, let us do this for you. We're gonna give you the reactors, we're gonna give you the fuel, it's gonna be far more economical than you could ever do it for. And you know there's gonna be some details that have to be worked out and who's in control of that.


But you have to imagine if they should say yes to that unless they have other goals through enrichment. And so that quickly reveals like who's being genuine about just wanting clean, safe nuclear power and who has other other things in mind? Great Point. Well, Scott, let's take a quick break.


We all see it. Prices are up across the board. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner, you've probably wondered whether it makes sense to refinance and knock out that credit card debt. But then you hesitate because of that low mortgage rate you're holding onto. The thing is, the low rate doesn't help much. If you're stuck paying 25% interest on credit cards, that math adds up fast and it's likely costing you a lot more than you think. Here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, the debt will follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to yourself to see what's possible. No upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could save every month. And if you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (866) 781-8900. That's 8 6 6 7 8 180 900 or American Financing dot net slash ss.


Smartmoney moves are all about getting more out of every dollar. With rocket money, you can easily find forgotten subscriptions and have them negotiate bills for you putting money back in your pocket. And with all those savings, rocket money practically pays for itself. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. With Rocket Money, you get alerts if bills increase in price, there's unusual spending activity, or if you're close to going over budget, the new goals feature automatically saves money for you so you don't have to think about it. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with rocket money. Go to rocket money.com/ss today. That's rocket money.com/ss rocket money.com/ss.


All Right Scott, we're back from the break and yeah, this is, this is like a master's class in nuclear energy, so Thank you. But do you, do you see nuclear, how do I say this? Do you see everything moving towards nuclear in the future? Automobiles, planes, rockets? Do you, do you think that's gonna powering neighborhoods? I don't think everything, I think grid, I think we're gonna see nuclear increase from just under 20% to hopefully much more than that. Cars, I'm more skeptical.


You know, it's the reason we use fossil fuel and, and batteries and cars is 'cause it's, it's so energy dense and while, you know, a nuclear piece of nuclear fuel is very energy dense, a reactor is not quite as energy dense and you know, you have safety concerns of that. What if the car crashes? All those sort of things. And you could design around that. But I think it just makes a lot of sense, a lot of sense to just either do electric or fossil fuels for cars. I think if you're talking about a neighborhood that's a grid, that should be more nuclear. Nuclear should be the future of that. Airplanes people have talked about nuclear airplanes in the past out in Idaho.


They actually tested a reactor that was meant to be for an airplane. But reactors are still pretty heavy. Probably better off just, you know, either doing electric or or what we have today for airplanes. So I think, you know, there's some people who might think, okay, nuclear should be every single source of energy and I would argue it still could be, even if it's not used in those applications, 'cause those applications run on on fuels. But what if your nuclear was so cheap that you could use it to make like synthetic aviation fuel or synthetic automobile fuel. That's, that's conceivable. That's a, that's a further away away I'd say let's, let's get started with deploying a bunch of reactors.


Let's get their cost down and then when their cost is really low then we can, we should do those things. But it's gonna be step by step, it's gonna be gradual. That's like a 20 year project I think to get to get everything. How Far do you see some of these mini reactors going? Yeah, if we go back to the one I was talking about earlier, so containerized, one megawatt of electric, two megawatts thermal. I think those could be, you know, you're gonna start in really more niche applications like the remote Alaskan village that doesn't have a good source of electricity and you know, solar's, unreliable wind's not gonna work. Okay, we're way up there in middle of nowhere Alaska and we need to actually import diesel every summer through a tanker and then we store it and we just run our diesel generators.


Examples like that are just seem like a no-brainer for a nuclear reactor that could be containerized and run for five to 10 years or an army base that is gonna run off of small ones like that. Maybe for radar, maybe for some other critical systems. I think those, those applications we're gonna see right away. And I think for the small ones, you could see as they deploy into those applications, they get more experience building things in the factory, the factory cost comes down, all of a sudden you realize, okay, these small ones, maybe you can combine like the generators, like the solar panels, like the battery storage and we could have parking lots of these that in aggregate produce a pretty good amount of power.


I think at some point, once you're trying to go to bigger amounts, like okay, we need to do a gigawatt, maybe there's a more efficient way where maybe it doesn't have to be in a shipping container, but it should be trackable or put on a train and it should be able to be made in a factory. So then you're getting more into the mid-size, which people, you know, those really small ones are like generally called micro reactors. How big are They? Like one to 20 megawatts contain shipping container size to something a bit bigger than that. You know, not quite 20 times bigger but a few times bigger. 'cause this how things scale. And then the, the SMRs, the small modular reactors, that's generally considered 20 to 300 megawatts and that's where you're still, now you're getting into a little bit of construction project, you're gonna prep your site, you're probably gonna dig barriers for the reactors to go, you're gonna have to pour some concrete, build some structures.


But the idea of modular there is, hey, we bring in the reactor core and then separately we'll bring in maybe the, the cooling loop and separately we'll bring in the turbines and we'll plug it all together there. But we can keep it pretty simple versus one big integrated thing. So once you go to the traditional style of a gigawatt scale reactor, it's a lot more complicated. You're doing a lot more assembly and construction onsite in an integrated way, which much more complicated still has merit because the amount of power you're getting outta that is a gigawatt plus. And so the payoff is pretty big. And so if we can get good at those construction projects, that's a viable path too.


So people ask me, which one do you think wins? Which reactor wins? I think these are three pretty different segments where the really big reactors that's, that's straight onto the grid. You're competing at grid scale grid energy costs, you have to hit really low cost middle end of the spectrum. It's about speed and about, yeah, how fast can we build this construction project? This can't be a 10 year project, it has to be a five year project or less. We need energy now and we need it. We don't care if it's quite as cheap as the grid, but we want it to be extremely reliable. So a hundred percent uptime. And so that's gonna point you towards small modular reactors that many people are working on.


And that's probably for data centers. So data centers has been a huge push for this. Previously they went out and they looked for stranded electricity. You know, where can we find a few hundred megawatts? Where can we find a gigawatt of stranded wind in, you know, west Texas or solar that's not being used and or where is there maybe solar and wind in a natural gas pipeline? And we can just put it all there. Those sites are largely now claimed. Everyone's been searching for 'em the last couple years. People found them and people locked them up and they're building data centers on those sites. Now it's about, okay, we need new production or we're not gonna, you know, those days are over where there's just latent supply. We need to create supply of electricity.


And so that middle segment I think is for the data centers, it's, that's where we're gonna see rapid adoption day one. It's gonna be higher price points than you could get from the grid, but it's certain and it's, you can do it in bulk. So they're gonna sign up for that. And then I think the micro reactors are a whole separate story of, you know, we're not even thinking about the grid 'cause we're going to places where either the use case has to assume the grid is not working or there is no no grid. I think that's where we're gonna see that first. So I think there's room for many of these different reactor designs to succeed. And the biggest variable I think of between them isn't what fluid they have inside the system isn't exactly whether they use the poppy seed size kernels, tric O particles or golf ball size or little cylinders.


It's how big a reactor are you making and how much does it cost to build? How about The transmission point Transmission's the next, the next big piece. So you've got fuel, you've got the reactors, and now what about actually moving the electricity around? I think that's, that's gonna be a challenging piece and that's, that's something we hear from friends in the data center world is that, you know, the grid is gonna be challenged to grow as fast as we need it to with a bunch of bottlenecks. You've got, you know, takes a long time to build transmission lines based on environmental permitting and the supply chains. You know, an example of supply chain issue is transformers.


So transformers now have a long lead time. We didn't build up a ton of capability in the country for making as many transformers as we now need. So now there's, there's wait times and lead times. Yeah. So I think, I think we're gonna see supply chain challenges there that are gonna, they will bottleneck how fast we can go. And so, you know, do you see new companies getting stood up to actually address the transformer shortage? I think you could see things like that. I are we, are we already at the point where a private entity can put in its own reactor? Or is that, so for these data centers, you know, that you're talking about all the land that's, you know, that has everything going for the land, the gas and all that, that's all sucked up and and is being built on or has been built on.


So now you know with can, can the data center just buy their own reactor and just totally bypass the public grid? Yeah, so Utah just put out legislation that, that actually did that. So previously in Utah, my understanding is you weren't really allowed to do behind the meter generation. You had to produce and hook into the grid as a way of supporting the grid and helping make sure that Utah's grid was strong. I think there's enough of this concern over bottleneck that recent re legislation and regulation said if you can't get the power you need from the grid, you can go do a reactor behind the meter.


And that was Utah. I think other state, many other states allow for this too. The real, you know, the real thing we're gonna have to wait for on that front is seeing some of these smaller reactor formats and reactor designs actually get licensed by the NRC. And so that'll be a few years, you know, that'll be them doing some testing initially on DOE land for example, proving that the reactor works, if they're small enough they can do that out at, at Idaho, Idaho National Lab in a facility that they call the dome. So it's an old containment dome from a different reactor that they, you know, emptied out the dome is there and they can bring reactors in and test them.


So what we're gonna see probably starting 20 26, 20 27 is reactors going in there, putting in small amounts of fuel, proving that things work the way they expected to. Using that data in NRC license applications showing hey we, we ran it at a small scale. We see that the models actually hold, we see that the predictions are true and here's all the reasons why. Not only will it work, but it'll be extremely safe. So then that's a two year process and then we're gonna see them building them in parallel with getting approvals or preparing to build them and then shipping 'em to the site. So all in, you know, that's three, four years before you're seeing it behind the meter.


So it's actually, it's not that these companies are not allowed to do that, it's that we're just at a point right now where we're still a couple years out from seeing those shipments of reactors. Gotcha. Do you think this gets to the point where it goes down to the consumer, like consumer grade Under their home? Yep. Something like that. I think that's a long way out. I think at some really tiny scale you start to lose scale efficiencies. Now you have to build something so small that, you know, you have all the systems, you're trying to build a really compact, you're trying to make it safe. I think you're gonna get so little power outta that For the average home, you know, average home consumption is so small that that's not, doesn't probably doesn't make sense.


Just like, you know, at any of our homes, we don't have like a natural gas mini turbine that's making our electricity. We just get it from the grid. So I think the grid still has a major role to play and it's gonna help us unlock the bigger formats that are gonna be more cost effective. Rooftop solar is maybe the one exception. It's like you already have a roof, just put some solars on it. You don't have much civil cost of building the structure that's gonna hold it. But in general we don't, people don't produce their own power 'cause it's, it's just so much more efficient to do it in some sort of centralized manner. Will the lines be able to handle the load that we need? I mean I think if you're gonna say by 20 20 30 that a, that AI and the data centers will, will suck up all the energy that we have right now.


Yeah. Their demand is projected to be the same as the grid capacity today. Good news is, I think a lot of that stuff is not really gonna hit the grid. So if they're finding an isolated site to put their data center and they're gonna put reactors there and maybe they're gonna put natural gas there, that's not gonna really put a big load on the grid. So the grid in that case could say pretty much the same. If we are trying to quadruple nuclear production though and maybe double the grid overall to keep up with China or do something like what they did, then yeah, the grid's gonna have to expand quite a bit. Have a major overhaul. Huh? Do you, do you see, I mean does, does oil and gas and wind and solar, do they have a place anymore?


I think So, Yeah. Why? Even If this is the cheapest Yep. And the most efficient. Why? Why would those have a, why would we need them? I think you could do it. Could you do it all with nuclear? Yes. Other than the automobiles, but Yeah. Yeah. And then even the automobiles, maybe they run on fuel, maybe, you know there's comp, there's nuclear companies that have an explicit plan of saying we're gonna build a reactor who's relatively large and so low cost that we can actually do the sustainable aviation fuel production there or other forms of fuel. We'll do carbon capture, which costs energy takes, you know, takes energy, adds cost.


But our nuclear energy is gonna be so cheap we can afford to do the carbon capture or we'll co-locate with some industrial process. We'll grab that carbon and we're gonna turn that into a fuel. And that fuel could be used by cars, by airplanes? What do you mean carbon capture? You mean pulling carbon outta the air? Yeah. Yeah. There's a couple approaches. One is pull it outta the air. People are working on technologies for that. One is sit right next to an industrial facility that just would normally spit out carbon and we're just gonna grab that carbon and use it in our process. So those are the, the two general categories that I've seen of people that wanna do carbon capture for fuel production. And doing that takes energy, takes electricity, but if you have cheap enough nuclear, you could do it.


So I think going back to the, well everything run on nuclear, it's possible, it's possible that, that that happens. But to get there, we've gotta make nuclear much cheaper. So then to your question of what about the other forms of energy? I think, you know, nuclear is 20% today until it's really taking off. We need to do everything and the data centers are gonna need a lot more power in the next few years. How are we gonna do that if the, if reactors are three years away? So we're gonna see expansion of other things. We're gonna see solar at some of these sites. Solar with a bunch of grid level storage, maybe that grid level storage can run on old batteries that are recycled or cheap.


So it doesn't need to be really expensive. Maybe there's a path there for people that really need power today and are willing to pay for it. You're gonna see solar, I think rooftop solar can make sense 'cause you already have the roof put the solar panels on and then, you know, I think wind is falling out of favor quite a bit. There's still places where there's good wind resource and we can use that and it's cost effective, but it's intermittent. So you have to plan for that. And so ai, AI data centers, hyperscalers, they want really, really high uptime. And so I think that uptime is gonna look like a, maybe it could be a combo of wind and solar in some places, which are supplemented by natural gas, which could kick in when the wind's not blowing or the sun's not shining.


And then nuclear. But nuclear is the ideal answer for them because it's, it's safe, it's potentially really low cost and it's no carbon emission. Man. What does this world even look like in 10 years, man? Yeah, I think everything's changing so fast space, the auto industry, energy, ai, neuralink, what, I mean, what is it? What does it even look like? Yeah, I think it's, it's, I think it'll be good. I think it's gonna be exciting. I think on the, the AI side to me feels the hardest to predict 'cause it's such, such an exponential curve. But automotive, I think, you know, electric vehicles are getting better and better.


You know, I have a Tesla, I like it. I have a also a regular internal combustion car. I like that too. So I think we're gonna see more electric cars, they'll get cheaper, they'll be more competitive power. I think power's gonna be the big story. I think as we want to grow the economy, as we wanna do ai, as EVs come online and gain market share. I think it's all gonna be about energy production and I think that's ultimately gonna come back to nuclear. It's gonna be a big part of the growth. And then that's gonna come back to the fuel. Do do you think, I mean I know you said we are, this is kind of where I was going when I was asking if we're mining yeah uranium right now, do you think we will continue to mine our own uranium or will we take the oil and gas approach where we import, you know, from, 'cause we sat on a lot of reserves and now that everything's, it sounds like everything's starting to move towards nuclear, maybe we shouldn't have sat on those reserves.


Yeah, because those reserves are gonna become obsolete and we missed a major opportunity, you know, if this happens that, that we can never revisit. Yeah. Do you think, and I, I mean me being a novice, that just sounds like a mistake to me. Like we, we sat on these reserves, we didn't do anything with them. Now we're moving into nuclear, those become obsolete. We just missed out on a shitload of money, you know, for the United States by not using those reserves for ourself or exporting it. And so do you think that will happen with the, with uranium as well? Luckily It's still, it's still there. It's still under the ground so we can start going after it and, and companies are, so there's new mining projects in at least Texas and Wyoming that came online starting last year and are are ramping this year.


So we're gonna see more uranium production in the U us you know, some, some countries do have better or deposits than The U US really high or deposits. So as you go in mine, it can be really easy to get the uranium that you need. So it can still make sense to trade with other countries if they can produce much cheaper than we can. But we have really large deposits that can take care of what we need for a while. And so I think we're gonna see that production come online. How big are our deposits compared to Russia or China? Let's see, compared to places like Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, like Russia gets, most of its uranium out of Kazakhstan.


Our deposits are not as good as theirs on uranium, but still years and years of production capacity. And so if we're even producing a fraction, you know, mining a fraction of what we need, we're talking decades of, of potential production in the U us And I think it's similar to oil where people thought that we were at peak oil at one point and then you discover new ways to, to find more. So discovery technologies get better, extraction technologies get better. Even even these new technologies in mining are an example of that where some of the deposits people are going after now are not really, or rich deposits, but through new techniques like init recovery where you do the pumping and then extraction outta the ground with no, no standard mining equipment, no digging, no open pits, much more self-contained and you know, no uranium released in the process.


You can do that much cheaper. And so it's gonna be one of these classic things where people predict that our reserves are at the limit and we're out. And then technology actually is the answer of how you get much more out of the system than you ever thought you could. So same thing happened in fracking where, you know, we, we thought that The U us did not have as much accessible fossil fuel as it did. And then fracking came around and figured out, wait, there's ways to extract this natural gas and not only is that good for energy cost or energy independence, but this natural gas has half the carbon emissions per unit of electricity than coal. And so we should be doing this. And so that was, you know, that's been the story the last decade or two.


Did you just say Kazakhstan has some of the richest uranium? So do, so lemme ask you this. Do you see, 'cause the world moves towards nuclear, which it sounds like it is. Do you see a, do you see a power shift happening? Do you see a country like Kazakhstan rising up in the, in the food chain and, and big oil and gas countries coming down? Oil and gas? I think fossil fuels is still something like 80% of US power production. So in terms of geopolitical power shifts, I think fossil fuels will still be really important for a long time, for decades. Okay. So it's not gonna be sudden, but I think on the margins you're gonna see countries like, like Kazakhstan potentially become more important as people think more and more about where are we getting our uranium countries like Australia, Canada, Canada already mines a lot.


So does Australia as they step up and decide how aggressive do we want to be on, on uranium production, on mining, I think it's, it is up to many of the countries what their future is. Do you, you know, will they be pro-nuclear? Do they want to do not just mining, but other things in nuclear? Do they want to have reactors? It's, it's a complicated playing field that's gonna depend on production, how fast new reactors are built, which countries do that, what trade agreements are set up. But it's, it's absolutely like it over the next decade. It could be tectonic shifts in, in policy and in which countries are important and which ones become really the focal points for international negotiations.


How Focused is Canada on that? They've got, they have a great industry and they have great ore deposits and so there's a company in Canada called Cameco that does mining at a couple of these sites that are known to be really good and does a lot of production. And then they do conversion to the gas as well. Canada runs on a different reactor type that doesn't actually require enrichment of uranium, they just use plain uranium and use heavy water to actually make the reaction happen. Those are called can-do reactors. And so they classically haven't had an enrichment technology because they've chosen to do this other reactor type.


So Canada's is pretty active in nuclear and in uranium mining. Where are we gonna get the water in all these western states to cool these reactors. Luckily the water. Yeah, good question. Same question applies to data centers. So historically a lot of data centers used evaporative cooling and so you ran through a lot of water. The newer data centers are doing closed loop cooling, so no water evaporation. You do have big heat exchangers sitting outside, but you're not evaporating water to cool. And some of the very similar to data centers, some of the modern nuclear reactors, what people call these generation four reactors, just the latest in, you know, in technology, in safety, in cost, they also use closed loop cooling.


So one of 'em, the ones we talked about, the shipping container size reactor, no water use, the fluids flowing around are other fluids like helium and CO2. And so to cool off, you just run it through a big fan and heat exchanger system, just like a radiator on a car. And so you don't need any water for cooling. So no water consumption. In fact, like if you can get, if you can get nuclear cheap enough and now we're now we're actually producing electricity and using that for some purpose and we, we have a bunch of thermal leftover, could we use that thermal energy to do things like desalination? And so do you actually go from a something where you might think, okay, nuclear reactors, we're gonna use a a lot of water and maybe the old old designs did use water, but the new ones don't.


Could you actually go from, you know, water consumptive to actually water creating? Wow. Yeah, I think we're gonna see a lot of, a lot of cool things. I think a lot of it's gonna be driven by energy. I think the next decade's gonna be all about energy. Even even Sam Altman from OpenAI had some recent, recent hearing or talk where he talked about just the evolution of ai. And so you've got algorithms, algorithms run on chips, but ultimately the chips need electricity. And what he said, if thinking back to this interview, the algorithms are gonna get better and better and better and cheaper and the chips will get cheaper and cheaper.


But at the end of the day you have to get the electrons and the electrons have a fundamental price and ultimately it's gonna come down to that. So I think even the ai, the AI competition between different companies in the U us between different countries, it's ultimately gonna come back to the electricity production. So I think, yeah, next decade's gonna be all about all about power production, ai, military. If, if you think you need kinetics and military, that comes back to manufacturing. If you think economics, okay, we have to have the biggest economy so that we can just have the most productive capacity, energy. So I think next decade's gonna be all about energy. And we've stayed flat for a decade, for 15 years.


We haven't done anything more like 20 years our grid's been pretty stagnant. And if we want US leadership, it's gonna have to grow. So I think that's, that's gonna be the story we see. And it's gonna be about solving different supply chain needs, whether it's it's fuel, maybe it's transformers, maybe it's transmission, all these things are gonna come up, it's gonna be chips. Are we actually, you know, when you talk about China has doubled their power or or doubled. Doubled what we have. Correct. Are they, I mean they also have a lot more people. Yep. So are they, are they seeing the benefits of having that much more power production than we do? Or is it equivalent because they have so many more consumers of energy?


I think a lot of that, we'd have to go back to that, that chart and see exactly where it was China today, where were they before in terms of per capita. But I think a lot of that production, the doubling of their grid relative to our grid, a lot of that's gone into manufacturing. And so, you know, we've shifted manufacturing from The U US to overseas. A lot of that's in China now. We've let them do it. You know, a big part of that people thought was, well Chinese labor's much cheaper, but a lot of these processes can be automated. And so once you automate it, it just comes back to energy cost. And so China said, let's, let's double our grid. Let's, let's keep going, let's work on tripling our grid and we'll do it in the cheapest way possible because we wanna win on manufacturing and get all this economic activity over here.


Meanwhile, The U US has said, you know, we have a bunch of regulations which are good and probably some that are unnecessary and have slowed us down. And so we haven't done the growth. And you know, we've been very thoughtful about emissions, environmental impact, carbon. Meanwhile, China's doubling, tripling their grid and has done a lot of that with coal. And so we've shifted manufacturing here that would've been cleaner over there and just probably ended up net producing more carbon than, than we would've more pollutants than we would've. And just kind of outsource that. But as we know, carbon flows everywhere. So if you're really worried about carbon emissions, letting China double their grid with coal and move manufacturing, energy intensive manufacturing, there is not actually the answer.


The answer is The U US has to unblock building here, doing industrial activity, do it cleanly, do it with nuclear or other sources, even natural gas, half the carbon emissions of coal and the world will be way better off. And so I think their grid doubling hasn't just meant that everyone there has a better quality of life. I think it just means that we've taken a lot of manufacturing from here and done it over there. Gotcha. Gotcha.


If you ever feel like the modern world is wearing you down, things like EMFs, artificial light seed oils, microplastics, chronic stress, it seems like our biology wasn't designed for these modern assaults and it's probably taking a toll on all of us. ARMRA colostrum is a bioactive whole food that can help revive cellular signaling and help bolster our health from within. Colostrum is nature's finest whole food packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that work at a cellular level to help strengthen your immune health, help fortify gut health and help kickstart your metabolism. I've been using ARMRA ever since. They sent me some to try and now I have a lot more energy. It's part of my daily routine now. I take it in the morning and after workouts. Are you ready to reclaim your health? We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try ARMRA dot com slash ss or enter SRS to get 15% off your first order. That's TRY ARMRA dot com slash ss. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show. If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show review. We read every review that comes through and we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show.


This MLB season fan dues Dinger Tuesday is back and this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's number one sports book, 21 plus in presidents select states opt-in required bonus issued is non withable profit boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wage amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook gambling problem Call one 800 GAMBLER.


Do you have any insight on, from a consumer standpoint, just a household, how, what kind of energy prices can we expect? You know, when this, by 2030, It's gonna depend a lot on what we, how we implement all this. So you have huge variation between states. So I think a lot of it comes down to regulation. Okay, so you know, some states, you know, you've got retail electricity costs in the single digit sense. California, I think you can get into the thirties. So between states you can be triple. So clearly that's not technology driven, that's re regulatory driven.


And so I think a, a lot of how this plays out is gonna be what do we do on the regulatory side? We have cheap sources of energy. People could have them, you know, the grid is currently capable of shipping electricity to people's homes at the level that we consume, 'em consume electricity. So with net new sources coming on the grid, it should cheaper. But that's gonna depend on a lot of different factors. It's gonna depend on who sets the rates, how electricity is priced, do you have some infrastructure costs and then some generation costs. So will there be separation of transmission and generation costs everywhere?


What is the balance between those two? How much were we paying for the transmission? How much were we paying for the generation? There were some shifts in that in California where it was more bundled and as people did more and more rooftop solar, I think it was separated because the utilities were having a harder time paying for their existing infrastructure. And so how that all goes in each state's gonna be the real driver, I think. I think we have the ability to produce as much electricity as we want through all these different methods, but how that actually makes its way to people's homes depends on state level and federal level policy as well as, as well as things like nepa, which is the environmental regime for standardizing a lot of these federal approvals on large scale infrastructure projects, which, which has slowed down things like new transmission lines.


And so the degree to which that gets reformed or looked at or how can we still have all the safety that we, that we always had that we want the environmental protections, but how can we streamline this to help things go faster? I think you're going to, you know, if big, big picture, you've got two curves, you've got the demand curve and you've got the supply curve. And if the demand curve for electricity, whether it's AI data centers or people's homes starts really outpacing supply, that's when prices go up. If you can outrun demand with supply prices go down. And so it's, you know, demand is gonna be what it is. People are gonna get EVs, people are gonna want to use AI tools.


Those tools require data centers. That's going to happen. That demand is gonna be there. It's up to us. How, how quickly do we bring on supply? So I think that's, it's that balance between supply and demand that's gonna really drive where prices go and where what people experience. Have you, have you ever heard of Steve Quast and his company Space Build? I know you had him on recently. I I listened to part of the podcast. It was, yeah, really interesting. Yeah. He, he was mention, he had mentioned that China is, is is pudding or has put a nuclear power plant in space and that we could have the capability of doing that nuclear or solar and beaming, beaming energy into something like an antenna.


What are your, what are your thoughts on that? Yeah, there's a few startups working on this right now actually. So there's a few startups that are saying, you know, space launch is gonna get extremely cheap with, with Starship. And so we're planning on launch costs getting so cheap that you could deploy a huge solar array in space and beam it down, whether it's laser or microwave or even trying to just put mirrors up there and reflect sunlight. So there's a few companies doing that. I think there's, you know, we need to see the launch costs come down by a lot with Starship succeeding and really scaling and early years of Starship are gonna be dedicated to starlink launches, I would imagine just to get the rest of that constellation up.


So, you know, we need a few years for, for Starship to really start doing high volume commercial launches and then we need a few components in, in that overall architecture to probably come down in cost to let those use cases make sense. But it could be anything from beaming power to like a forward deployed unit that needs to be somewhere really remote and still have the ability to power things beaming light onto an area of similar applications or doing things like, hey, how can we redirect energy for industrial use in affordably where maybe it makes the difference between that industrial process working or not working based on the energy cost there.


So I think we're seeing it on the solar side, on the nuclear side. I actually don't know what The U US is working on there or what's planned and you know, I would think that that would probably be under a DOD program that would be compartmentalized if, if that was the case. But yeah, it sounds like China's doing things and you know, that has a lot of implications. So you were at SpaceX when there was only 30 employees? Yeah, 35. Somewhere around 35. Wow. Yeah, it was cool. How was that? It was fun. You know, I think when you're in, when you're in the middle of these things, you don't really understand the, the gravity of it or the implications of it.


You know, back to 2002, The U US had something like 20% of global launch capacity today based on everything SpaceX has done over 23 years, people forget that it's been 23 years. That's not some five year overnight success. It's two over two decades of building took a long time. We went from 20% of launch capacity to now believe it's, it's like 90% of total, 90% total mass to orbit in the world. 80, 90%. No kidding. Yeah. So The U US went from, you know, third place, second, third place to now wildly first place. And if we hadn't done that, China would be the leader in launch capacity.


And So Yeah, 20, 23 years of hard work, have lots of friends who are still there, have been there the whole time, you know? Yeah. Working on the mission. So it's been, it's been incredible to watch. Back then it was early days, we were 30 something people, it know, we were designing test stands, we're designing the first engines that powered the Falcon family of launch vehicles. First, the Falcon one, then the Falcon nine. And just working through the inevitable challenges of engineering. You know, we were doing a clean sheet redesign of a rocket engine saying, okay, north Star mission, we want to make humanity multi-planetary. We want to, before that's gonna happen, we're gonna have to commercialize space.


If space is gonna become commercialized, launch has to get way cheaper, a 10th the cost ideally less. You know, you can't, you can't spend all this money to put something small with only limited utility into space. And at the old launch cost, there were only a few applications that made sense. So let's bring launch costs down and that means we can't use the same technology we've been using. We can't, we can't do that with the space shuttle. And the space shuttle has been running, this was the mindset at the time, space shuttle has been running for over a decade and we see what those costs are. It averages out to like a billion dollars per launch. That's not gonna work. We have to start over and we're just going to question everything.


So some of the principles that we had there were, you know, it all started with a mission, a very, very clear mission. We're gonna optimize on dollars to get a kilo or a pound of, of payload into an orbit. That's it. Don't care how we do it, that's what we're doing. Bringing the cost down. And so that meant we have one goal and we're just gonna rethink everything to get there. We're gonna rethink we, our engine technology is we're gonna just go with the simplest, lowest cost reliable engine we possibly can. And so instead of going with a more exotic engine type that some people talked about at the time, we said we're gonna go with a really proven one. This thing is not even gonna be that efficient, but it's gonna be so low cost that instead of one exquisite engine on the bottom of this rocket, we're gonna have nine, we're gonna have nine really low cost ones together, they'll equal the output of the big one won't be as efficient.


We're gonna need a little bit more fuel to get there. There maybe our payload that we can bring up slightly smaller relative to the total fuel, but our vehicle is so low cost that we're gonna win just on dollars back to that North Star goal, dollars per kilo to orbit. And So, Yeah, 2003 when I joined as an intern, that was the mindset. There was an employee handbook I opened on the first day, and I think the first line was something like, this is not a science experiment. We are not here to do new science. We're here to do engineering, really low cost engineering. And so the team that was assembled to do that was some people from aerospace so that we knew what the range of technologies was, we knew how things had to be done, what are the real requirements.


And then people from the automotive world who knew how to build, you know, machines really cheap. I think half the guys on the team on the weekends did hot rods and they did drag racing. No shit. Yeah. So a lot of the people came outta the drag racing community, just, how can I have the highest performance machine for low cost? I don't care how pretty it is, it's just going to, it's gonna perform. And so yeah, it's SpaceX culture back then was really almost equal parts, aerospace, automotive, and then kids straight outta school who wanted to work hard on something, you know, had the, had the latest training. So we knew all the analytical techniques, but didn't know much about the industry and these people from the industry, from automotive or from aerospace or from wherever would just be the, you know, the gray-haired people who just taught us what we had to do and worked together to go as fast as we could to get capability back.


And so when I got there, 2003, we were designing test stands that our engines were gonna go into. And then by 2004 we were testing engines by 2005 that were really working well. 2006, I then got to go work on the Dragon program and worked on a couple subsystems there for controlling the temperature, controlling the pressure inside the capsule. And that capsule was, you know, going up to the space station. That was the plan. So by this time the space shuttle had been grounded. So we'd had the accident with the space shuttle and we'd put that fleet on pause and there was a big need by nasa. NASA said we need capability to go back to the space station and we need to be able to take cargo up there.


We need to be able to return cargo from the space station for experiments that we're doing for astronauts that are up there. At the time we, you know, we were totally reliant on Russia to get cargo and astronauts up and down. And so NASA wanted to create a new domestic capability for that, both a capsule and a new launch vehicle since the space shuttle was grounded. And so SpaceX competed with a bunch of other providers, was selected to have a chance to, to actually deliver and NASA to set up this contract that was milestone base and fixed price. So it was not a cost plus contract SpaceX had to perform. It was, if you hit this threshold And you do this thing, you'll get paid.


If you fall short or run outta time, you fail. Sorry, you're out. And so there were a couple companies selected, only SpaceX completed it. The milestones were set to be difficult on purpose. We worked really hard to make those, those happen. We worked with NASA on that. NASA was a great partner throughout. We made sure every safety scenario was planned for, thought about every way that things could go wrong and just eliminated those possibilities. And then ultimately, yeah, dragon completed that program docked with the space station, proved the ability to bring cargo back and forth and I think did the last missions in 2013. So Yeah, those early days starting in 2002 went all the way from core concepts architecture, proving things out on a small Falcon one vehicle with one engine, to then getting that vehicle working and going all the way through Falcon, Falcon nine.


Wow. And then, yeah, the last five, five plus years has been people now working in the next generation vehicle of, of Starship, which whole new effort, whole new engines, whole new architecture, but that's what's gonna get space launched down another 10 x, which then unlocks all those different applications like, you know, solar energy production and space for some, some things and space constellations and maybe a bunch of other things too. Wow. You think we're going to Mars? Yeah, I think we're going. Do you really? Yeah, I think it all, I mean, what next year is the next window? And I think internal internal goal at SpaceX is let's, let's ship something in 2026.


Damn. Yeah. If you don't go 2026, you have to wait, I think a couple more years before a good window opens again. So there's urgency. What's The window That I should know? I think it's, it's, you can always go, but when the planets are very close, the energy that's required is much lower. So if you wanna get there quickly, something like a six month journey, you've gotta go in one of these periods. And of these periods I think are every, could be wrong. I think they're every three or four years. Yeah, they're not every decade. They're not every year it's, it's in the middle. So you miss this next window, you're waiting a little bit. And so I think, you know, NASA has sent stuff to Mars.


We've obviously have the rover, but sending more to Mars first missions will not be people for probably a while. I think we'll, we'll prove we can send something, prove we can land something, then we'll ship actual large amounts of cargo and mass to prepare for humans to go there. And then maybe the next window you're doing people, that would be my guess of what, wow, what evolution could look like on that. Wow. Let's talk about the Founder's fund When did that start? Founders' Fund started 2005. This was, yeah. Founders' Fund was originally, you know, if you think back to Venture capital in the nineties, it was very much this idea that, hey, we should invest in a, you know, same old stuff software companies by the, by the late nineties, well, let's, let's talk about the nineties first.


So, I think the nineties were obviously.com. That was the big story of the nineties, where you had all the internet companies and ultimately only a few of them survived. But there was this, what seemingly golden era in, in startups and internet, and mostly in consumer internet in search. And the bubble popped early two thousands. And by, by early two thousands, most of the VCs were, you know, it was extremely discouraging. People felt like, Hey, this was a one time thing. Did we all go crazy? Were we too, did we have irrational exuberance? Were we too excited about the future? And by early two thousands, venture capital had become, I think, much more conservative to where it wasn't investing at the time in ambitious projects, people just had a lot of battle scars over the late nineties felt like maybe they had, they had been too excited.


So by early two thousands, a lot of conservatism, a lot of looking for more classic, easy to predict and understand businesses like enterprise software and viewing businesses as a horse and a jockey. So the jockey might be the founder of the CEO and the horse is the business and the technology. And hey, you know, maybe the horse is great, but the jockey's not so good. Let's swap out the jockey a couple years in. And so that was the mentality of venture capital, which was look for good businesses, look for businesses that are pretty easy to understand. Let's not take a ton of risks. We did that in the late nineties. That didn't turn out well. We overestimated how big these companies can become and let's view our role as venture capitalists.


And this is all before Founders Fund started. Industry mentality was, let's, let's view the role of venture capitalists as helping build these companies and replace management and bring in new management as we need to. And so when Founders Fund started in 2005, it was actually coming from those experiences of some of the team at Founders Fund. You know, really the founders of Founders Fund, Peter, Luke, Ken lived out that PayPal experience where they had investors that were much more that conservative attitude and didn't trust the founders of the company to run the company. And so Founders Fund came about in 2005 with the purpose of empowering founders to run their companies forever.


And so the thinking was, hey, all the best companies that exist are gonna be founder led. That's, you know, companies that started in the nineties or even even earlier. So if we think about Amazon still founder led, apple founder led for a very long time. And so there is this belief that the founders should run their companies because they have the moral authority and the vision to do that. They, and if the founder's not so good, maybe the company will fail, but to achieve like really industry changing companies, you need that founder mentality behind, here's what we're doing, here's why we're doing it. And every decision's gonna be aligned with doing that, even if it doesn't optimize for the quarterly number.


And so Founders Fund started oh five initially backed a lot of different founders out of the PayPal network. So a lot of consumer internet things early on. One of the first big bets was actually Facebook, but a bunch of other ones as well. Spotify was an early investment, you know, then I think the first incubation happened mid, mid to late two thousands. Originally within Peter's office. Palantir and Palantir was really a response to the terrorist attacks on nine 11, where the conversation after that between policymakers was really, are we gonna have safety?


Are we gonna have security? And I think you had Sha on recently on a podcast, and I think he talked about this, but this, this concept of trade-offs by policymakers. You know, Palantir was there to solve where it said, well, we have this trade-off sphere or this efficient frontier that we can trade between. Do we want safety or we want privacy. And Palantir said, no, we don't, we don't need to make that choice. We can do technology that does both. And so that was really the first incubation by the Founder's Fund team to say, let's actually solve a national security problem through technology and let's work with the government really closely to build out the tools that are gonna help us trade information between different departments in a really secure way with privacy controls and make sure that something like nine 11 never happens again.


So Yeah, we Founder fund started transitioning from maybe more of the consumer internet sort of world coming outta the PayPal experience in 2005 to then by, you know, helping incubate pull together the, the Palantir team 2008 comes around and SpaceX is now going through its launches, had a couple launches that didn't work, but was on a great trajectory to actually get the next ones to work. And Founders Fund stepped up to lead one of the critical rounds in SpaceX to help it have the money to do those, those additional final launches and keep momentum through that. And then by 2011, really starting to think a lot about, you know, not only is there this core element of backing founders and running their companies, but how do we invest in things that aren't, you know, there's gonna be a bunch of important companies that are built in consumer internet and in enterprise software, but how do we back things that otherwise won't happen?


These core technologies, whether they might be biotechnology, they might be energy, they might be space, things that are maybe even controversial at times. Defense technology, like with Andel at the time, nobody wanted to invest into defense in Silicon Valley. And even Google was canceling their program to work with the government on defense software. And so by early 20 2010s, you saw this evolution or expansion from just let's back founders unilaterally, whether we succeed or fail, we are there for the founder and we're gonna let them run their company the way they see fit to now let's do that while also backing important things that otherwise are not gonna happen.


And so that, that was really the evolution from 2005 to 2011 when I joined, got to, you know, be a part of a bunch of important investments across a bunch of different technologies. And yeah, now it just continues to Do. What are some of the ones that stick out to you the most? To me, like oddly, a lot of people ask for a long time, what's your favorite company in the portfolio? And I was biased, but I thought objectively SpaceX, you know, working on this thing that wasn't gonna happen without SpaceX, bringing down the launch cost dramatically leveraging that into enabling a bunch of other constellations, including their own constellation of starlink.


And so, so much exciting stuff to do there. That was a really important one. A friend outta business school. So I, I did business school between SpaceX and, and Founders Fund and a friend outta there was, you know, he was thinking about going into the investing world and during business school he did a little bit of investing, but he quickly, you know, he was focused on Latin America and he saw that in Brazil consumers were paying like a hundred percent interest rate for their credit cards and getting completely ripped off by the existing banking system. And he said, Hey, I'm going to, someone should start a bank and make this more like The U us and make sure that consumers actually get a fair deal. And so he started a company called Newbank down there that started with a, a credit card for people.


And it's expanded a lot. Turned out to be a really important company for consumers in Brazil today. Worth tens of billions. So big impact, let's see, Neuralink, we're, we're investors in, so that one's been pretty cool to watch where it went from a concept to demonstrating it, you know, in monkeys playing mind pong. I dunno if you ever saw that video, if not, it's worth watching. You can search Neuralink monkey mind pong and you'll see a monkey that's playing pong with a joystick. It has a neuralink in, it's, it's happily enjoying some banana smoothie every time it wins the game.


And then you see halfway through the video, they remove the chord that's actually connecting the joystick to the computer. And the monkey keeps playing thinking it's playing, but all it's really doing is reading off the Neuralink thing. Wow. And it's still winning at Pong and it's still getting the banana smoothie treats. And when I saw that, that's when we knew this was gonna work. And so fast forward today, now I think you've got, you've got some very famous people who have used it, like Nolan, people who had accidents, quadriplegic couldn't move at all, and now actually have jobs that are just internet based jobs.


So just completely changing these people's lives. That's been a really cool one to see. Do you have any fear of Neuralink? No, I don't. No. I think what we're gonna see the, you know, next decade of Neuralink is gonna be people with quadriplegia, a LS, them getting cured. I think the company's talked about other applications too, like blindness and deafness. Could you actually use it to not just read what the person's thinking and express that onto the world, but could you actually take inputs like from a camera and help them see again, people even who are born with blindness? So Yeah, that doesn't make me scared at all. That makes me really excited.


Now people think about merger with AI down the road, or like, how do you have human AI symbiosis? I think that's far enough away and it's gonna be, anything like that is gonna be completely voluntary for people that, hey, if, you know, that's, that does not even enter my area of concern at this point. It doesn't. No, because first I think it's so far away that we're gonna figure out a lot of things before then, and second, you know, will I ever get a Neuralink? I don't know, like maybe if it doesn't look like a good idea, I wouldn't do it. But I think for many of these patients today that are paralyzed or a LS or blind or deaf or, you know, missing limbs, how can we actually like use the Neuralink type device to let them get full capability back?


That's, that's what excites me about Neuralink. So Yeah, we've had had a chance to be a bunch of, to be a part of many cool companies, even some that are more conventional. Like a friend of ours, a at Founders Fund started a company for cancer therapeutics. So specifically dealing with types of cancer and really looking for the target on the cancer that they, they could go after. And they ended up selling that company and now the same target that they were working on is now showing up in a bunch of drugs from that company that they sold to and then other companies. So it's, yeah, a lot of this stuff is really futuristic and feels more distant, but then also getting to back unconventional approaches in things like cancer therapeutics and watching patients eventually get cured from that.


Wow. Has been really cool. I'll bet, I'll bet. What are you guys focusing on now? I'd say the, the Founders Fund thing is, it's always, it's always seemingly a black box from the outside. It's, it's seemingly random. And so, you know, one saying is that once there's a theme of what we're doing, or like, there's a category that you can be a part of, it's already, it's already something Founder fund probably won't invest in, it's probably already too late. So people talk about commercial space now and all the things happening in space, but the Founder's Fund first investment in SpaceX was 2008. And so in terms of what categories are we investing in now, it's really the, it's really the anti category that it always has been.


It's always been what's the thing that's, that's coming but isn't, isn't yet obvious. And that's not something that the Founders Fund team is so smart that they can figure out. It's that the founders bring those ideas to Founders Fund the founders of these companies, say, Hey, this is, this is the important problem. No one is solving, or everyone thinks about this problem this way. And the reality is that you should think about it this way, this very different way, this orthogonal way. And it might not make sense to a lot of people, but here's the reasons why they make sense. And you know, here's all the questions you might ask and here's all, let's go down the rabbit hole together and figure out what the answer is.


It's those types of companies that founders fund backs. And so it's, it's completely without a theme. I think the biggest theme is it should be something that can change an industry and is like n of one, just like a totally unique company that is unlike anything else. Well, Scott, we're wrapping up the interview, but I mean, what are some problems in the country or maybe in the world that you think that founders and innovators should be looking to solve? I think a lot of it's gonna come back to the, to the energy stuff that we talked about. I think it's gonna be energy growth. I think everything comes back to energy. So if it's manufacturing, if it's ai, it's gonna come back to energy production.


If it's economic growth, it comes back to energy production. So I think we're in this period of immense need for more energy and there's a lot of companies that could get started. There's people starting reactor companies, we're working on the fuel for the reactors. There's gonna be things like transformers. And so I think it's a huge range of things people should do. But it's not gonna just be energy, I think what should people do? It's, you know, I think the guideline that Peter at Founders Fund has given to people, which I find really inspiring and like it's a good, it's a good rule of thumb is do something that matters that otherwise won't get done. And that only you can do.


And I think if you can find that thing to work on, that's more important than anything else. So I think that's, that's a sweet spot. So I'd say search for those things and until you find them, just try and be part of teams doing things that you think are important that you can contribute to. And don't worry about the role, just figure out a way to add value. Great advice. Great advice. Thank you. Last question. If you had three people to recommend for the show, who would it be? We've talked about a few people today. It's like the toughest question I asked, huh? Well, And there's so many people that you should talk to, but I mean, yeah, I, you haven't had, I've mentioned a few people today mentioned Peter Peter's great.


You could go on for 10 hours with Peter. You get into a lot of different things. Talked about Sam Altman and what he thinks about where AI's going. I think that that one could be good. I think Elon at some point would be really interesting. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah. Well, Scott, Thank you again for being here and that was a fascinating interview. I hope to see you again. Yeah. And I just want to wish you the best of luck. Cool. Thank you.


The United States Soccer Federation presents The U US Soccer Podcast Inside the opening 45 seconds. Five seconds Wants to go with that cannon of a left foot. I'll leave it at One. Never miss a game. Want A start for the United States shot for distance? What a goal. Never miss a moment. Exquisite from the San A. Can he finish? Yes he can. Yeah. The U US Soccer Podcast. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.