
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. There's nothing sweeter than baking cookies during the holidays. With Prime, I get all my ingredients delivered right to my door, fast and free. No last minute store trips needed. And of course, I blast my favorite holiday playlist on Amazon Music. It's the ultimate soundtrack for creating unforgettable memories from streaming to shopping. It's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you're into.


This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly Delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients, popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly Delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up Skinny Pop original Popcorn. Today.


About six months ago, I got a call from a good friend of mine. A lot of you know him, DJ Shipley, former St six Dev group guy. And he was really concerned about something that was happening to a very good friend of his, the US Navy was basically gunning this guy down and was gonna ruin his entire life, pull his rank, take his retirement and and his dignity and everything that he has. And that man you guys know is US Navy Captain Brad Geary served a dev group for a long time, was commanding officer at Buds Naval Special Warfare Training Center.


That's where SEAL training happens. And DJ asked me to give him a voice. So I called Captain Geary, and you guys know the rest of the story. We did the whole interview. We brought his attorneys on. We uncovered all of the evidence that the Navy refused to look at and did conducted investigation after investigation tell all of the evidence was covered up that it was not his fault. We're talking about the, the, the rest his soul, the Kyle Mullen's investigation, the Buds candidate that died in buds, unfortunately likely due to performance enhancing drugs.


But they took all the evidence that he was on performance enhan enhancing drugs and, and got rid of it. They just reinvestigated it until it was gone. And then they tried to pin Captain Brad Gary to the wall. So today this letter came in and I was the first one notified from Chief of Navy personnel to Captain Bradley Geary, commander Navy region, Southwest Commander Naval Special Warfare Command. Notification of administrative Show cause dismissal.


One. Following the show cause decision and reference A, you elected to appear before a board of inquiry. Since initiating this process and through legal counsel, you raised numerous manners to Commander Navy Region Southwest, which resulted in my decision to grant a continuance to afford you more time for preparation to ensure the additional information you requested would be available in sufficient time prior to the BOI two. Since granting your last continuance, I have reviewed your case again and after careful consideration, determined that you are no longer required to show cause for retention in accordance with reference B.


CASE DISMISSED. So I talked to Captain Gary today and he is obviously an amazing spirit. He's gonna get his retirement, he's gonna keep his rank and his dignity and his honor. And with everything that guy's been through, you guys saw the episode, he's just a real American hero and he did want to say him and his attorney, Tim Parlet, tore conference called me and said, you know what the catalyst with this was? You know what the changing of the tide was?


It was the Shawn Ryan Show. We got that out. It got well over a million views in no time. We rushed that episode out as fast as we could to get the attention. It was a major gamble that could have had some severe consequences for Captain Gary, But he wanted to roll the dice. And I told him, I'll give him my best and I'll be damned. It worked. And he wanted to give a personal thanks to his legal team, starting with Cash Patel, the future FBI director, my attorney, which I called to get on Brad's case, captain Gary, Tim Parlet tore, And then his original attorneys Davis y and Mark Jessup.


After the interview and after I, after we interviewed him, I got all, I called everybody I knew in Congress and Brad wanted me to thank these congressmen too. But I wanna personally thank Eli Crane. Man, you have pulled through so many times for me and just continue to do the right thing. And you're not bought out by these Fucking people, these, these lobbyists or whoever the hell is paying the rest of the congressman. But Eli, I love you man. And so big thanks to Congressman Eli, Brian Mass, Nick Loloa, Morgan Latrell, Cory Mills, and two senators, Mark Wayne Mullen and Toby Tuberville.


Thank you gentlemen for coming to the aid of Captain Brad Geary. And Brad wanted to say one last thing, and I tend to agree with him. Thank you, Jesus Christ. And I wanna say thank you to my team for turning that episode into what it did and all the attention that it got. Man, I'm gonna tell you guys something. So many times I hear people say, when, when we're sick of our government and we're sick of what's happening in this country, I hate it when people say, well, what can I do? Well, lemme tell you something, man. I started this show in my attic with my wife, taught myself how to film, taught myself how to edit, taught myself how to run sound.


And look at where we're at today. Look at what happened. This is because of one small team. When we did Gary, when we did Captain Gear's episode, there were four of us, man, four people, and look at the impact that had. So if you don't think you can make a difference, you are sadly mistaken. Because each and every one of us with a little bit of effort and putting your energy towards the right things can make a massive difference. Captain Brad Geary, congratulations, brother. I love you, man. Congratulations to you and your family. Cheers


Named one of the best personal finance podcasts, the Stacking Benjamin Show with Joe and his friends, makes financial literacy fun. Draymond Green has a podcast. He was asking Mark Cuban why at the beginning of 2024, Cuban sold a huge part of his company. He's like, did you see how much money I got? I'm sure there's a more graceful answer than that, but dude, I bought it for 200 million and sold it for 6 billion. Like, what The heck? Of course, sold. I don't think it was that much more graceful than that. Find out more by searching the Stacking Benjamins podcast wherever you listen.