
He got out September 3rd, 2001. A week later, September 11th happens, We immediately deployed to Afghanistan. So I was in charge of all of them As a new guy. And they didn't want to be the guy that failed their mission and got an American killed, had a catastrophic failure, and crashed a hundred million dollar helicopter. MH 47. Our guys didn't even have uniforms. What'd you think of working with the seals? It was a good run of killing a whole bunch of bad guys. A week later, Benghazi happens. The number one priority for me Is I've been dying to ask you this question. You got out September 3rd, 2001, A week later, September 11th happens, the towers go down.


What is the first thing that went through your head knowing, you know, your primary mission was, or your primary goal was to become a Green Beret in special operations, kicking fucking doors in going to combat that whole lifestyle, And, then you immediately know we're at war. Yeah, it was, and You're not in it, The biggest kick in the balls that ever had, because, I mean, backing up a little bit, I had the option to reenlist, obviously. I was on retentions radar for like, Hey, this guy's an Airborne Ranger qualified dude.


He's an E five. I made, I made Sergeant when I was 20 years old. I, and so I was a team leader in the infantry, had good iners. And so it's like, Hey man, this guy's a good guy. We wanna keep in the military. But I told them that I want Sniper school and I want Halo School in route to 18th airborne core Lus or long range reconnaissance or Ranger Battalion. And I was adamant about that. I actually went into a Sergeant Major's office who was the military district of Washington. So he was a command sergeant major. He knew my uncle. And he said, Mike, what can I give you to stay in? I said, this is the things that I want.


And he goes, which I found later, I found out later, is true halo or free fall school is not a reenlistment option. And it's not, back then you didn't, you didn't have a lot of incentive for staying in. So they used to give you schools to stay in. And I said, Sergeant Major, well you, we can make it an option. Right, because that 'cause that's what I want. He's like, Mike, I can't do that for you. I mean, I'll call and I'll try. And he did, but it's not an option. So A CSM even can't make it an option. and so I said, okay, that's, that's my, I gave the options on the table and they decided not to facilitate what I wanted as a dream. and so I decided to get out. I had a buddy who reenlisted with me that I went to ranger school with, or reenlisted without me.


And he went to third Ranger Battalion. He jumped into Afghanistan on October 19th, 2001. Son of a bitch. And so the moment it happened, I was actually in college and I had gotten out of the military obviously, but I had transitioned into the National Guard component. Okay. So I'm sitting in a chow hall at Fayetteville Technical Community College, getting my associate's degree so I could further my education and saw the events happen. I did some crazy shit, man. I, I immediately started making phone calls. I went home, I packed a duffel bag of my equipment.


I, I threw my battle dress uniforms, my camo uniforms in the, the washer And then dried them and was making calls like, what are we doing here? What's happening? And I was, at the time, I was in 30th heavy armor, separate, separate brigade. And I was in the scout platoon and I was a team leader. So I had a little minuscule position that could affect something, but I knew we were going to war. So I had a choice to make, which was real easy, which was, I'm going back in the fucking military. Yeah. So on September 12th, like zero nine in the morning, I'm making phone calls to get back in. I mean, that had to be like, at the exact same time that's happening.


Two completely separate emotions. One, you know, tragedy. We've just been attacked and a lot of people died. I the other hand, you know what that what comes after and everything you've ever wanted to do since you said you were 10 years old, becomes a reality and you're not there. I mean, that had to be, was one more overpowering than the other? Yeah, it was. I mean, I felt for the people, obviously, but I knew that I was in a unique position to make a difference in the fight. 'cause I was a, I was A-N-C-O-I mean, I was a non-commissioned officer and I knew that there was an opportunity for me to get in the military and, and fight and get some vengeance.


And that's what I wanted to do. I joined the Army to fight the reason I got out. 'cause there was no fight to be had. If there was a war or there was something going on, I would've been in it. Yeah. you know, I, I think something important to note is the biological instinct in men. Most men, the men I associate with to fight, I mean, I, it's not, it's, it's to fight each other in training. 'cause that's what we do as kids. We fight and we, we grow up in those environments where we're displaying our masculinity and there's a whole bunch of psychological and physiological things that are associated with that.


And I don't think we grow out of that. We grow up and we want to fight and defend. That's what men do. And so it definitely was part of my character and my DNA and I don't think it was fake. I, I think it was something very real. And I wanted to fight. So I, I had to go back in. How'd you get back in? It was a battle. 'cause the army didn't really know how to handle a whole bunch of dudes who were prior service guys that wanted to go back in. Was there a lot of guys that wanted to come back? Oh yeah. There was a lot of guys during that time period. A lot of people who were prior service who had gotten out, I mean, even older guys who had gotten out wanted to come back in and serve.


So I had to go through the whole process again, which was, Holy shit. I had to go through meps, you know, as an E five, going back through meps, you know, the whole duck walk thing, all that stuff. I had to go back through all that to get back in. And they had a program which is kind of similar to what's called 18 x-Ray now, where you can come in off the streets and try out for selection And, if you make it, they'll send you to Special forces training And. if you don't, you simply just go back to your sister unit. Or if you don't have a unit, whatever your job is, they'll find a job for you in, in that Position.


Now, how old are you at this point? At this point, I'm 21 years old. You're 21 years old. Yeah. You just saw the towers come down. Yep. And the only thing on your mind is I gotta fucking get back in there. Yep. No shit. I mean, yeah. Wow. That's, I mean that's, yeah, that's a lot of courage. I was young when I hit the ground. I mean, I was running, we, we immediately deployed to Afghanistan. How many guys are on your team? Roughly? I think at that time, maybe 10. 10 dudes. Yeah. We're, Most attachments are light by nature of guys coming and going. And like I said, my 18 Bravo senior was go, was in surgery, so he had to, to get his surgery recover.


and so we deployed that year to Afghanistan with a, a little bit of a light package. What year? This was oh five, early. Oh five. So that's a hot year. Yeah. Now are you doing, are you running Indi? Yeah, part of the job is running Indige. I mean, when I reported as, as an 18 Bravo, I was in charge of about 144 Afghan commandos. Holy shit. So there are 10 guy, there's 10 SF guys. Yep. Running 144 Man Army. Yeah. And basically I was the commander of them, so I was in charge of all of them.


As a new guy. As a New guy. Holy shit. Yeah. I'll never forget. He said, Hey, your, your guys are formed up waiting on you. Waiting on me. Yeah. You're the 18 bravo. Get out there and, and, and be their commander. 'cause everybody else had other stuff to worry about, you know, I mean, the 18 Charlies had to run the fire base, which is a full-time job of the, you know, base security and the actual physical structure, the generators, the water system, everything. The comm base defense, the camo guys are integrated. What, what are your living conditions like? Shit, I Mean, tents Living on a cot, living on a cot surrounded by stacked sandbags in a concrete ish, just mud, mud hut.


Okay. On the second floor of a, a little structure. So you're way the fuck out there, like at your own fire base. There's no px nothing, there's no chow hall, nothing, none of that shit. Are you eating local food? A lot of the time we were, or Meite or MREI mean, we were the furthest northern fire base on the, on the border with Pakistan. And we had really not a lot of support. I mean, the closest support was Jbad, which is still hours away. I mean, if something, if something went bad. So how trained up, you show up in country, you're looking, you're the now the commander of 144 Afghan force.


How well are they trained? Did you, did you guys, was there like a changeover from another, another team? Or are you starting from scratch? No, Some of them were trained up by prior ODAs. I think first group was there before us. Before that there was another third group team. And so they had a, a little bit of training. But that's, I mean, man, when you're talking about Afghans in a rural prove province of Afghanistan that have no education, have no aptitude, don't know how to read, write. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's all relative. I'm getting a little ahead of myself, but I'm assuming the first thing you want to do is figure out what they're actually capable of doing.


Yeah. You have to, no matter what the, the condition or the situation, when you come into a new fire base or, or fall into new endage, you gotta vet 'em. You gotta put 'em through some kind of process to be able to see what their current capability is. We did that. It wasn't much. So we started from scratch. Wow. And we were doing small unit tactics every single day. I was doing small unit tactics with 'em every single day that we weren't operating. And this would be the force, not only, this is before Afghan commando units, Afghan border police, Afghan national police, this is before all that.


So they didn't have a job. Their job for us were, they were Afghan commandos working for special forces guys. We paid them directly cash. So these were our first line of defense and QRF if anything went wrong. So you show up in country, you gotta get to know these guys. You gotta train 'em, you gotta figure out what their capabilities are. You gotta improve those. How long do you have before boots on the ground first operation? Well, I mean, again, that's, that's relative as well. Because when you infill into a remote fire base, the one we were at in the middle of nowhere was surrounded by high ground.


It was just a couple Americans in, in the middle of the wild West. So we were getting rocketed, we were getting reports of attacks and all these things that were happening. So we were in it, we were in the thick of it already. But the, I mean, we didn't have any time. It was immediate. I think we went on an op two days, three days after we hit the ground, immediately went and did a link up with one of the, you know, Afghan, you know, seniors or Afghan elders in a village. And that's a movement to contact. I mean, you're just rolling. Yeah. Hoping you're not gonna get blown up, hoping you're not gonna get in a tick with the guys that you haven't vetted yet.


Holy shit. Yeah. We're talking two fucking days. Two days. And You're out the door with them out a Movement out the door. Yeah. We had no choice. How did that go? The, it went uneventful. We had activity, but nothing significant happened, luckily for us. And we just started building more rapport with them, vetting them, training them And then, and improved our situation over time. So you're out, you meet the village elder, you come back, you debrief. Are you happy with what you've just been handed with the 144 guys? Or are you going, holy shit, we have got a lot of work to Do. No, I, I will say, here's some just a little bit of forward history on, on the guys that I trained.


Those same guys that I trained had worked with special operations, including special missions unit from the Navy. Okay. Prior to working with us. So there was some good dudes. And when I left that fire base, a guy by the name of Rob Miller ripped into that fire base and was with those guys as an 18 Bravo from third Special Forces group when he was killed and earned the Medal of Honor posthumously, of course. And those men, those Afghans that were with him, were the Afghans that I trained, that were trained prior. And so they were squared away.


I mean, they had a heart, they were disciplined, they wanted it, man. You Were impressed with 'em. Yeah, I was impressed. A good example was they instinct instinctively knew when or if there was a potential significant act gonna happen. We call it SIG act. And they would immediately get to the high ground. And they were good about displacing themselves, And then talking to the local community, because you have to understand that these people lived in that same community. So they knew everybody around them and they didn't want to be the guy that failed their mission and got an American killed.


So they had buy-in. So yeah, I, I was impressed with them. We had a lot of work to do, obviously, but they had a good base. And all the guys in Stan Province that I operated with that were Afghan in the village of Nere and Asaba and Barau, all great, great men. What Are these guys carrying? Do they have nods? Do they have helmets At this time in the war? No nods, no helmet. We eventually evolved into that, but we, we were straight AK 40 sevens and flip flops. Oh man. I mean it was, we, Mike, our guys didn't even have uniforms. They're rolling around in whatever we can get 'em.


I actually exploited a program that was a nonprofit that was providing clothes and toiletry items to soldiers overseas and got this nonprofit to send me helicopters full of equipment to be able to outfit my afghans with just clothes, with just toothbrushes. Wow. 'cause they didn't have it and we weren't paying for it. So we, they needed stuff. I mean, it's so funny seeing these, these dudes running around with Harley Davidson shirts and flannel flannel jackets and USA ball caps. But we had to do what we had to do. You finish that deployment, you come home, what's next?


I get back from that deployment and Iraq was, was getting bad and I wanted to go to school. So I went to, to put my name in the hat to go to Sephardic Sfar Tech, which is Special forces advance, target, reconnaissance, target acquisition, interdiction, exploitation, whole bunch of words in an acronym that doesn't even look, look right. It's septa, whatever people call it Sephardic. And it's our CQB advanced schoolhouse for Hostage Rescue, for direct action for vehicle interdiction. We learn all that stuff there.


It's a, I believe an eight week school, maybe nine weeks. So it's pretty long. And it, it is the minimum qualification that you need to serve in a commander's and extremist force, which there's one of those per group, which is a, you know, reinforced company that's designed to conduct Haas rescue and crisis response across the world. How much CQB do you have? What's your background in CQB before you show up to that school? What is a basic kind of mold for an SF guy U usually at the team level, you learn in, so it's called cephalic.


Okay. You learn basic CQB. Sometimes it's strong wall. I think at that time it was probably strong wall, real basic CQB. You don't learn points of domination. You don't learn Haas's rescue considerations. Maybe a little bit, but it's not, there's not a lot of it. Okay. So at the, at the basic team level, if you don't have a Sephardic qualified guy, you might not know a lot. Okay. You might think you know a lot, but you really don't. And, and I thought I knew a lot, but I, I didn't know anything. I, I showed up and didn't know shit about CQB until I got there. I knew how to shoot. I was a decent shooter with pistol and carving, but I didn't know much After that school.


Let's fast forward to the next deployment. Did you utilize that a lot? Or was it back to what you were doing before? No, it was, in fact, I was in Charlie Company Second Battalion. The SIF was Bravo Company, second Battalion, one company designated per group. So they were right next door. So I used to see those dudes come in and they had longer hair, they had cooler uniforms, they had better guns. And I wanted to be in the s at that time, you had to have two years team time to even think about going in the sif. But I had real good rapport with my company Sergeant Major, and he went next door to take the SCF. So he was the, he was my sergeant major. He became the s CIF Sergeant major.


And, you know, long story short, I wasn't supposed to go to CIF as a new guy with only a year and some change on the team. But I went to Sephardic and came recommended outta Sephardic. And so they pulled me over. I mean, I wasn't supposed to deploy to Afghanistan for another year. Holy shit. But I went next door and I was in Iraq a month later. I mean, outta Sephardic. I, from that trip I came back, I went straight to Sephardic, which is two months. I had 30 days and I was straight back in Iraq. So you did a nine month deployment, come back for a couple months, roughly 90 days. Yeah. You two months of that is Training Becoming an assaulter. Yeah. At the highest level.


And, then you redeploy. Yep. Redeployed at Iraq for Counter-terrorism mission, which is all CQB. Did you have any, did you have, were you married at the time? I, at the time I was married, but I was married young and didn't, I mean, to be honest, came Secondary to the mission. Absolutely secondary to the mission. We barely knew each other. I mean, on the ground. I had a co a couple months with her, so it was, it was turning and burning. In fact, I had a hasty marriage because I had saw some dudes get kill killed our trip, you know, operation. I was part of Operation Red Wing, that trip. And we had a couple other Chinooks that were down.


We had guys that we lost in the company. So it was a bad trip. It was a bad year. A lot Americans were killed that year. It's a fucking small world, you know? Yeah. The, the fact that you were there, I came there right after that, which means we were there at the same time. And as we talked a couple days ago, you, you met my fucking best friend who just passed away. Yeah. It's, it's fucking crazy. you know, crazy. You know how small the world it is. It's a small world, man. But, so you did utilize, sorry, sidetracked there, but so you did utilize that school on that next deployment? Every operation.


I, no shit. I, I, I explosively breached every other Target. Every other night. We went out every night, sometimes twice a night going after bad guys. And it was, it was a real active campaign. It was us and I believe S Seal Team eight. And we did joint ops where it was like, like two SIF guys and five Sils. And we went out with our indige and conducted Counter-terrorism missions. What'd you think of working with the seals? My first impression of 'em weren't great because we had a few interactions with them where I'll never forget, you know, at the time I was believe still in E six.


I hadn't made E seven yet, but I had combat rotation behind me. And I was on my second deployment and had been in training for years, had been in the military and the infantry. and so I had a background, I'll never forget one of the young Sils being told by one of my guys who was a senior guy. All my guy, I was the most junior guy in the sif. A sif, a commanders in extremist forces filled with the most senior guys in the group. I think my detachment years later, everybody made master sergeant the same time. Wow. Like an entire senior team with guys with multiple deployments. I had the least amount of combat guys on average had three or four rotations.


And this is early G Watt. He said, Hey, maybe you should hang out with these guys 'cause you know, we could do some cross training and maybe teach you guys some things. And he said, what could your guys possibly teach mine? You gotta be shitting me. He said that. And, and I was humbled to the fact that a lot of my own guys were so senior and already legends in the community. Like there was already already stories about 'em. and so I paid attention and, and we had a lot of experiences like that with the young s seals. But some of 'em, a lot of 'em weren't. I mean, Jeremy Wise, who eventually went to work for the CIA and he was, he was killed unfortunately in a, a suicide bombing.


He was there, he was great. A couple guys that are now in other special missions units were working with me and they were great. So I didn't have a, a horrible experience, but it was different. I mean, a young seal coming out of training 21, 22, and even at that time I was 26. Yeah. At the time. So it was different. But we got along good. I mean, we, we didn't have problems with operating with them and we had a lot of action. We had a lot of fun. That rotation. What is your next assignment? So you're at the, you're at third group, you go to the SCF, what comes next?


Another, another rotation in the, in the SFI mean the SIF is a grind. I did three SIF rotations to Iraq, back to back, going to war, coming back, going to war, coming back, going to war, coming back. I eventually moved up into reconnaissance in special operations and became a sniper. Went to sniper school, went to free fall school and started specializing my efforts on long on the long gun. So between unilateral operations, which is working with task force, the joint task force. I think at the time we were working with Tom d Tomaso, who's a famous Black Hawk downto leader.


And, then he was a, a special missions unit commander. We, we operated under him and under Task Force 16, which is Stanley McChrystal's big, you know, kill capture conglomerate of the best units in the world. We were part of that effort when we went out and crushed bad guys for years. I mean it was a, it was a good run of killing a whole bunch of bad guys. Yeah. So I did that for three rotations in a row. You've got a hell of a career man. Yeah. Thanks man. So you leave there And then? So I leave and start grinding to build up this unit hiring, fire a couple guys and build up a skillset for special reconnaissance in the continent of Africa to be able to respond to crisis that potentially happened.


And there was no, there was no at the time organization that was covering down on Africa because it used to be third group's responsibility. But 'cause of the war we had a change in, in hands and change in responsibility. So we stood it up, it was a grind. We got validated by special operations command. And that was ironically enough, September 1st, 2012, we got validated. And a week later, or September 11th, Benghazi happens.


I had already been notified prior to Benghazi happening that my team and myself was gonna be the first guys in de Libya to run what's called a 12 eight program, which is a congressionally mandated counter-terrorism program to counter Al-Qaeda. Which therein lies the Benny Therein lies the point, which is before September 11th, 2012, I had already been identified. We're gonna go in there, stand up a counter-terrorism force to counter Al-Qaeda. So it's often been said that, hey, oh, there was no threats there.


There was threats, there was bombings, there were shootings, there was attacks on, on the UN foreign nationals and bass or embassy staff. So I was getting all those intel sit reps before that happened. And then obviously that happened and it changed everything. Where were you when that happened? Ironically enough, I was back in a special missions units compound. Doing a crosstalk brief with basically a key leader engagement with the team lead from Team Libya that had been designated.


And me and the other guy from my unit. 'cause we were former unit members of that unit, we were there doing a crosstalk. I'll never forget, I went, I went there and met up with a J three, which was a, at the time, a, a colonel. And he told me last night, this just happened and this is what's going on. and so I, I stayed an extra few days to assess the situation and to get tied in because at that point it was my unit's responsibility to react and respond outside of obviously the primary, main effort that unit that I was in's responsibility of, of responding to that crisis.


So was this happening, was Benghazi happening real time when you found out Or? Yes. Yeah, it was happening real time. It had, it had, it was, it had, it was still active and it was still happening. And I was watching on ISR things, things unfolding. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Is this what ultimately led you to separate? Yeah, so that, that's exactly right. Long story short, I deployed to Libya soon after that and stood up a 1208 program and we had all the right things done to go after the guys that were responsible for the killing of the four personnel that were killed in Benghazi, you know, ambassador Stevens Smith And, then Glen Dougherty and Tyrone Woods.


So we went there, I was deployed there for over six months. I busted my ass and tried everything I could to kill or capture those guys with obviously other special operations units that were there and other one other special operation unit that was there. And we offered up a full platter kill capture, bilateral mission, unilateral mission, whatever you want will do. And we were told that the political climate wouldn't allow for it, so we're not gonna do anything. Yeah. And so let's just say I was disgruntled when I came back, I had a lieutenant colonel that I was co-located with, that was a reserve officer from africom who was a fucking piece of shit who was drinking every night, getting drunk, who didn't give a fuck about the mission, who was making excuses every single day about not wanting to work, not wanting to do the op.


And so when I got back I said, go fuck yourself, God, I got Out. That's serious. Yeah. you know, I know, I know how fucking tough that can be. I mean, I didn't, I didn't watch, I didn't, we didn't have pre feed or anything like that, but to watch an event going down, I mean that's one of the most, when you know you can fucking help. It's one of the most helpless feelings in the fucking world. And I've experienced that as well. We were working with a foreign counterpart and should have been on that fucking up. But we weren't. And their helos went down and we listened to the entire thing on the fucking radio and And. then we saw 'em when they got back.


And I mean, and the event that you had to, you know, stay on the sideline for us. I mean, yeah, I could see how you could be that disgruntled. I mean you got out with 18 fucking years in, right? Yeah, yeah. Two years to retirement. Yep. Yeah, I got back, I did get recruited by the CIA at the time. They recruited me for a job and I had finished my college degree, my bachelor's degree, the year prior to that. So that was a prerequisite to become a staffer for them.


I came back with the anticipation of doing that job, but the sequester happened, which was a stop loss on all or a hiring freeze on all jobs. So I wasn't able to do that job, which kind of fucked me up, you know, I was prepared to do that. I, so I transitioned off active duty And, then went into the National Guard component where I took a team in Texas, a 19th special forces group, and was just waiting on the word In field craft. It seems like you guys do a lot of prepping and are masters of it, and I don't know about you, but a lot of the clients that I've had think that there might be something they need to prepare for.


They think something might happen, not necessarily the end of the world, but they just wanna be ready in case of a natural disaster. An EFP, there's a thousand different scenarios. What would you say for somebody that's completely green, they don't know how to shoot, they don't own a gun, they don't have food storage, anything. What would you say the number one priority would be? Where do they start? The number one priority for me is personal defense. Because, you know, the first principle of patrolling is security And.


if you can't secure yourself, you can't secure your family. You can't take, you can't defend your life. You can't defend your family's life. So I would say it starts with a personal decision to buy a firearm, learn how to utilize a firearm and carry that firearm daily. What firearm would you suggest starting with pistol or rifle? I, I think universally, you know, I carry different guns for different reasons, but universally, a Glock 19 is probably the staple, conceal carry pistol in contracting. We carry Glock seventeens typically, but Glock nineteens are, is the right frame size for most, it's the right size frame for concealment.


It has the most accessories per gun in the industry. It, it's a good platform. It's reasonably, reasonably priced. And I've used the Glock 19 when the military got 'em in special operations. And I've seen them, I've seen them throughout my military career, and I've never seen one fail. So a single action only Glock 19 is, is the start point. I would definitely agree with that. It's like the Toyota Corolla of handguns. Yeah, absolutely. They just never fucking die. Yeah, a hundred percent. But And then, so next would be, I, so you would say pistol And, then move on to rifle.


No, the next priority for me is med. Med. Med. Absolutely. 30,000 people a year die in vehicle accidents. I wonder how many of those could have been prevented. I mean, 400 idiots a year fall tree stands and hunting and break their legs and do dumb shit. So we're prone to accidents, we're prone to trauma, and I've, I've treated trauma in real life. I've saved people's lives with tourniquets


tourniquet, which is a 29 90 $9 piece of equipment from North American Rescue, which we sell on our website@fieldcrowdsurvival.com is the number one piece of equipment that inmed that you need to carry. Stopping an extremity wound, a traumatic bleed from a a femoral or brachial artery is, is lifesaving. If you don't do that, you simply just go to sleep and die.


Are you guys teaching meds? We absolutely do. Yeah. We teach, teach Triple C technical combat casualty care, which we were re required by our contract to train. We teach a course certified teach triple C course through N-A-A-M-T. This the, the certification on tactical med training, trauma training. I just taught a CPR lifesaver course at my tribe expo recently. So we, we frequently teach med and I expect that if in contracting, in austere environments, we are required to carry a tourniquet based on our own understanding of what we could run into that a civilian should do the same, whether that's in your inside your waistband.


'cause we do sell inside the waistband, tourniquet holder, or that's inside of a bag or inside your vehicle, somewhere within arm's reach, where if you're experiencing trauma, you could save your life. Interesting. Would, so number three, what would the number three thing be? We got pistol, we got med. If we're talking equipment, specific things that you need to carry. The next piece of equipment would be the way in which you carry it, which would be a, the bag in which you carry. A lot of people don't think about it, but the extension of your capability of what you can carry on your person is limited. You can only fit so much shit in your pockets, in your pants.


And. if you have a bag, meaning an everyday carry bag, that might be your purse, your me, your European man satchel, it, it, it sets you up for an extended capacity. That's how we look at vehicles. I mean, if I have a med kit in my back pocket, that's a minimalist, you know, low vis med kit. Well, I want my fucking car to be an ambulance. I want there to be enough med equipment to treat my family myself. And. then you upgrade that to your house as well. I want a damn hospital at my house. So having the ability to carry all their stuff is super important. And in that bag, I would definitely include a survival kit, a modern survival kit that, that has the staples of survival, including the ability to contain water, purify water, start a fire signal, communicate, potentially sat iridium, V-H-F-U-H-F.


The list goes on. Gummy bears. Gummy bears at, you know, that are fat free, that have lots of carbs, lots of sugars, lots of calories. They're survival bears is what we call It. They're survival bears. No matter where you're watching Shawn, Ryan, Show from. If you get anything out of this, please like, comment, subscribe, and most importantly share this everywhere you possibly can. And if you're feeling extra generous, please leave us a review on Apple and Spotify Podcasts.