
What if there were a medicine that could heal almost anything, that would be great, but they didn't want you to know about it. Sorry, who's they? Some people are following me, and I brought my tortoise


From executive producers, Mike Judge and Greg Daniels and co-creators, Joe Bennet and Steve Healy comes with animated comedy thriller about what it takes to change the world. Common side effects series premieres with back-to-back episodes February 2nd at 11:30 PM on Adult Swim. Next day on Max.


How do you cope? So we just got in a, You know, Mexican standoff with him, and I Was Covered in Blood. My clothing was covered in blood. Why do you think there were no shots fired? We were being hunted. Well, the older guy said, the body's a gift, kind of being recruited by the cartel. That's when I realized that there's no winning here, not like this. I resigned that day. She said, there's no such thing as coming back home. And either you change on your right back to home or the home. You left changes when you're gone and you don't recognize it when you come back. How long into your career to your law enforcement career in Tijuana did, did it take for it to become real? Were were you were like, I mean, as soon as I got, this isn't a fucking game.


As soon as I got out, probably the second day on the job. We, we were, we were kind of spread out in this, in, in, in, in Baja State, and I got to see me immediately the, the, the no fucks given by the cartels. So I remember me and probably eight other guys moving through downtown Tijuana in full kit, driving around in some marked vehicles and getting the order to stop from the lead car that was in front of us.


And we put, And we parked aside and everybody ran outta the cars and adopted defensive positions and a convo probably, I'd say probably somewhere in 15 vehicles, just passed right next to us. All of them, A few of them armored all of them with AK 40 sevens. Some of them had federal police uniforms, some of them had army uniforms. We didn't know who they were. We were getting calls from the, from the 9 1 1 service they have down there from the municipal police that, that, that they were caught. They were municipal cops, but they clearly weren't municipal cops. So we just got in a, You know, Mexican standoff with them.


Didn't nobody shot around, but he just passed by us. We called for, for support from the local police on the, and nobody showed up. So that's, how many of you guys were there? Probably nine. Nine, nine guys. What's that? Two cars. That's two cars, yeah. And they had 15 fucking vehicles. Yeah. So we, that's when I realized that there's no winning here. Not, not like this, fuck man. There's no winning, not like this. And Why do you think there were no shots fired? They didn't feel threatened by us. They didn't have any fear. So they just passed by and they actually went to a local little restaurant there and adapted positions around and had dinner, and then went back to their cars and left.


Damn. No support came on our end. So it's one of those, that's when you realize how fucked you are and how no support and how there's just no backing there. This was before the Felipe called on administration. Slowly but surely things changed. We started getting more support, started getting more vehicles, more people coming in. We started working directly with the military and directly with some federal operational police forces. Eventually getting fear put into the, the opponent, the enemy, the cartel guys. But it took, it took some time at the start of it.


It was just hopeless. Just hopeless. Yeah. Going through the motions. A few, I think took about a year into it that a few of my friends were killed. They used to, they used to rent out hotels for us to stay in. And we had this buddy system going on. So if you wanted to go outside, you had to have one of your, one of a buddy system. Right. But you would have to inform that you were going out. They didn't inform. They went to the store. They thought it was easy. So they just crossed the street, went to this convenience store, and they got picked up by some cartel guy dressed as federal agents. They had the blue uniforms and everything with the patches, ev everything like down to every detail.


And they were, You know, they were taken zip dyed and put into a van. They were found 24 hours later, one of them had his ID screw to his forehead. They, we were being hunted. Yeah. You know, that's, that's when like paranoia, less than a year. That's less than a year. And I, and I came out of there in a generation of 32 people and a lot of them are gone. But those were the first really close ones to me that I saw leave was just leave in a horrible way.


They're all young, You know, like I knew, I knew the, like, I'd just been to a, to a party with the girl and I met the girlfriend of one of them, And it was a, it was a thing. I told them, get, don't, don't marry, don't get girlfriends because you don't wanna leave widows. Yeah. Interest just for perspective, it's, it's a thing to be ashamed of or to hide if your profession is a cop, or at least it was back then. Damn. So because we're not the, depending on where you were, cops are, You know, despised. Yeah. So kind of wrapping up your career, you talk about kind of being recruited by the cartel, and I kind of wanted to go a little deeper into that.


And I would imagine that you were recruited several times or had friend, you had already said that you had friends that had been recruited out of Yeah. Out of the police or maybe the military and into the cartel. I mean, the offer was, it was an offer, You know. Yeah. There was always, they were always, you would always get intermediaries approaching, you know, like, Hey, ed, and like, You know, this, this, this is much of money. All it takes is for you to work with us, You know, but you, it's, it, it was obvious to anybody. You know, as soon as you take an offer like that, you're, you're owned, you're theirs. If you fuck up, if you're not useful, or if somebody finds out you're working for somebody that they're, they're not a part of, you'll either get arrested and get killed by the rival group that you're working against or your career ends.


Right. So I got a lot of offers. A lot of them never took any of them. A lot of my friends and a lot of the people that I used to work with did, were eventually will put, would put into a position where there was no choice, silver or lead Colombian term, but it's popular in Mexico. Yeah. Another code for it. It was one finger up and one finger down. You know, what do you want? You want the, you want, You know, you wanna be on the ground or you wanna stay up here in the world of the living, I wasn't greedy. There's a lot of people that went into policing in Mexico that wanted to find a million dollars in, bury a wall or something or, or just be on the payroll of somebody.


I remember going to some of the meetings at the office and seeing, You know, some new Hummers outside and some of the guys owned was kind of scratching my head at it. Right? Yeah. A lot of us, a lot of us went through a, a certification process called clea. It's an American certification process. And with that, You know, a lot of confidence exams, polygraph testing, all this type of stuff, all of us went through it. A lot of people got kicked out or, or fired after they went through that process. Which to us, to me, you know, I passed, So I was, I stayed on. So I figured that all the people that had passed stayed on. They were on the up and up, You know, but people can be corrupted like from one day to another, right?


So we were careful about everything, but I felt a bit better that everybody was going through it. Administration ends, somebody comes, another administration comes in, and a landmark case declares everybody that was fired based on the polygraph exam or the confidence exams as unconstitutional. And all of a sudden you have six years worth of people that were kicked out of the job, coming back into the job, their, their wages being paid forward. And you had people that were suspected of seeing a lower cartel participation in the office now, back at the office. So, so it got, it got really bad and, You know, basically brought into the office all the, the, the work that I was doing ended, I got an offer to work for a single side of it.


Basically they told us, Hey, remember you're working here. Yeah, well, we're gonna work against these guys over here only And we want you to come in and, okay, let me think about it. Basically, we want us to work against one side, which means you want us to work for this side. Yeah. I resigned that day and there was just no getting out of it or squirming out of it or going somewhere else. I didn't have any, all the people that I knew within high level government were gone because the administration changed. All the people that I knew in the leadership in the office were moved around and I just had no choice. So I, I went, went outside, got my resignation printed out, signed it, handed everything in, in a duffle bag, handed in my MP five, my gun, my badge, everything radio.


Got myself into a car, called some of my friends, my American friends, actually two, two of them went down there, kind of helped me out to get outta there Marines, You know, God bless the United States Marine Corps, and they helped me cross the border. And I, You know, family in tow by this point, which was, that was probably the hardest part. I know everybody out there has to be just as frustrated as I am when it comes to the Bubs and the rhetoric that the mainstream media continuously tries to force feed us.


And I also know how frustrating it can be to try to find some type of a reliable news source. It's getting really hard to find the truth and what's going on in the country and in the world. And so one thing we've done here at Shawn Ryan Show is we are developing our newsletter and the first contributor to the newsletter that we have is a woman former CAA targeter. Some of you may know her as Sarah Adams call signs super bad. She's made two different appearances here on the Shawn Ryan Show and some of the stuff that she has uncovered and broke on this show is just absolutely mind blowing.


And so I've asked her if she would contribute to the newsletter and give us a weekly intelligence brief. So it's gonna be all things terrorists, how terrorists are coming up through the southern border, how they're entering the country, how they're traveling, what these different terrorist organizations throughout the world are up to. And here's the best part, the newsletter is actually free. We're not gonna spam you. It's about one newsletter a week, maybe two if we release two shows. The only other thing that's gonna be in there besides the Intel brief is if we have a new product or something like that. But like I said, it's a free CIA intelligence brief sign up links in the description or in the comments we'll see in the newsletter.


I had choices in the US that I didn't have it in Mexico. Yeah, it sounds like China's taken a major interest in, in the cartels in, in Mexico. And I've operated around China overseas several times, and those motherfuckers are just as ruthless, if not more than some of the cartels. Why is China's interest in Mexico? So becoming so strong, It's your Achilles heel as a country, it's your number two largest consumer of American products in the world. It's a very de stable place that it's getting destabilized, destabilized even more.


So this, this whole weird thought process that Americans have that the cartels are getting their fentanyl from China from some sort of criminal element within China. Like, let's be clear, nothing comes outta China, nothing happens in China without Chinese state being involved or knowing about it. This is a place where big brother is the real thing, right? Everybody's monitored. You saw it during the Covid shutdown. You saw it with the way they're hand handling the Uyghur population. So nothing coming outta China is coming outta China without them knowing. So yeah. So all that fentanyl being brought outta China into Mexico, that's gonna be being put into heroin or some of these fentanyl fabrication sites that are being found in Mexico now with clear instruction by Chinese laboratory specialists.


That's not a private entity, that's not the, the triads or that's not a criminal activity. That's a state, Chinese state sponsored activity. It's a clear state to anybody that kind of looks into this. Yeah. The the, You know, one thing is regional destabilization. That's usually, that usually happens when they want something from that country. So one thing happened politically in the, within, within the US and Mexico relationship, the Trump phenomenon, right? Trump came into office and said, we're gonna take a lot of our business out of Mexico, gonna bring it back. That was one of the things he that, that he, that he said that was gonna happen and did happen.


A lot of businesses took their, took their plants and American business, took their plants and companies outta Mexico. Instead of it affecting Mexico in a negative way, Chinese plants and Chinese companies replant them immediately. No shit. So something happened in that interval where somebody on this side figured out that's probably a mistake. And things started balancing out. Interesting thing to note, we currently have in Mexico, leftist president that is open chavista as open Maduro supporter, but somehow there's a open and like rarely friendly relationship with the US when it comes to the president and Trump and the president down there.


I think Trump is very much aware of the danger that Mexico was in with the Chinese influence and the foreign influence within the country. Another factor that doesn't get talked a lot about is that Mexico has probably the largest mineable de deposits of lithium right on the border in Chi China through a comp, through a Canadian company will actually won the rights to mine that a few years back and their mining rights got canceled and I'm not, You know, gonna gonna go into Alex Jones territory. Right. But I mean the, the, the, the conspiracy part of it, right where that mining o where that mining discovery was made, that's where the, the, the Mormon massacre happened.


So it's a, it's a key place and things happen there. Yeah. It's a very strange kind of environment for all the influences and all the pushing and pullings happening in that area. Some of the people that I've talked to in the security field, some of the people that I've talked to in the security field, outside of the friendly neighbors of the us like in Mexico, there's a lot of Cuban intelligence services, service operations going on all over the place. Just like places like Venezuela. You can see a clear partnership and influence with China there. Right? It's in their best interest to gain ownership and control over a place like Mexico, which is going currently going through a, through a lot of bad stuff, a lot of, a lot of crime, a lot of destabilization.


There's whole swaths of Mexico that are controlled by cartels. The new generation cartel, I think in a way is a product of that outside influence. It's the only cartel that grew during the covid epidemic shutdown. That tells me that there's some sort of outside influence from China. There Are you seeing a lot of, are you seeing a lot of Chinese coming into Mexico and kind of setting up Shop? The, the largest, one of the largest cash seizures was done on a guy. Jen Lisa had gone so Chinese, Mexican national, somewhere in the vicinity of a hundred million dollars cash found at his house.


He was trafficking fentanyl legally and meth ERs into the country under some, some sort of paperwork legality. So there's some shady stuff going on there. How long has this shit been going on with China? As, as soon as, as soon as the US got a taste for meth. I think that's probably the start of it. When was that? 10 years ago. Probably a bit more further back than probably 15 years ago. 15 Years, Yeah. And then there's, there's been this, this has just been exponentially growing. Is it, is it weird? How do I phrase this? Are you seeing more and more Chinese people? Is it becoming like a, a common thing to see Chinese?


One of one of the Largest communities with Chinese nationals is are, are growing all along the border. Wow. Right. So I mean, I'm again, this is, this is, I mean not, this is not something, it's not something in the realm of this conspiracy. Yeah. Like if you can, this is clearly happening out in the open in a lot of, in a lot of, in a lot of regards. And people can research this and see it. They see it for themselves to deny that the largest cartel in Mexico has grew during the covid epidemic because they clearly had a supply chain from China. Yeah. Is to deny what's right in front of your face, to deny that more and more Norco made military grade stuff is popping up in print places in Mexico is also missing something that's in front of your face.


And to deny that. So how many people die from fentanyl related issues here in the us Tons. If you want to, You know, confront a milit, the US is a superior military force, how can you corrode that? It makes perfect sense. Generational. And the thing with China is they're fucking extremely effective. No wait at whatever they do. Oh wait, They have a lifetime president. Yeah. 1, 1, 1 being they don't, they don't fucking play by rules either. Yeah. And You know, China will come in and they'll open a whore house immediately to start gathering intelligence because people are gonna go to the fucking whore house.


They're gonna fucking a Chinese hooker. The hooker's gonna milk 'em for information. The information gets to where it needs to go. And it happens like that. It's a, the Cuban intelligence services that are operating all over Central America and specifically Venezuela, that's how they act, right? That's, they're, they're, they're, people are playing checkers with these guys that are playing chess and they play the long game. That's, that's something I think the US doesn't get. Example, China has a lifetime president. Yeah. Cuba has a lifetime regime with the Castro, with the Castros. They're playing a really long game against a, a, a a, a country that has elections and politics change every, every, every, every, every four, eight years.


Yeah. You know, and, and they see the deci, the, the, the clear line and divide. So, I mean, there's blood in the water and I think, I think they can smell that Everybody's taking advantage of it. Yeah. And again, foreign eyes, like I'm, I'm new here, I'm trying to earn my way into becoming an American, but I, I still have that outside perspective, people getting offended by, You know, the, the, the whole Chinese virus wording or, or China's in the villain. And as a country, people kind of coming into the defense of that, people within the NVA wanting to speak up about China, because they're, the Chinese are the best, one of their best clients as far as buying some of the rights to watching some of these NBA games, Disney, I mean yeah, you can't say anything wrong, But that, how surreal is it that you can't speak critically about China if you work for the NBA?


Yeah. I mean, that is outside of the, that's outside, outside of the realm of what I thought being an American was. Yeah. Right. So, I don't know. It's, it's a, it's a weird time, but I think that's, they're clearly waging some sort of long-term war campaign against the US and Mexico is being utilized as a, as a tool for that. Yeah. How do you cope with all the shit that you've seen? We talked about some of the stuff you've seen, we've talked about, You know, the disposing of bodies and some of the gruesome stuff that you've seen the cartel do down there.


You know, we covered the fact that you've gone on 2,700 fucking hits. I, there's no numbers. I I, it's just a blur of years of blurs. I don't know, I don't know how many of those, Well, You know, nine years, That whole experience. Humor, yeah. A big part of it. I think one of the things I always recognize with all the people that I meet that have, You know, people like you that have that experience space, other people like that, that had kind of went through their own thing there certain commonalities that I see in people like that humor is one of them. Usually I could tell a lot about somebody if they don't have a sense of humor, You know, they take themselves too seriously.


There's, there's something, there's something amiss there. Yeah. Humor is one of those big things that has helped me out. I kind of, it's a good mask. Yeah. It's a good cloaking device. Humor. It helps get through the misery when you're in the middle of it too. Yeah. This is, I had this, one of my closest friends when I, we used, when I was working, his name was ha very infamous name. I've kind of made him famous. It's my way of keeping him alive. He was one of the older guys that I worked with. He was a mess. I mean, he was a dumpster fire inside of a dumpster fire of a person.


But he was very loyal And it was a very good guy. He gave me some of the biggest laughs in my life. Usually unintentional, You know, he, he, he, he'd always kind of basically, You know, keep me laughing. He, he would push me into going into weird places and kind of getting outta my comfort zone and, and just, just taking every day as if it's the last one. We went on some weird adventures, including one that included a donkey show, which we won't get into, but, And we would always get shit face drunk every time we would come back from something.


Yeah. There was a, there's a word that I discovered or learned about up here in the US called PTSD. It's not a word that we know down there in Mexico. There's no, there's no concept of a veteran or, or, or a support network for people that go through the experiences that I went through, or a lot of the people that go through those experiences now, there's no, there's no talk about that. There's a, there's a sense of machismo. You just take it, You know, it's fine. You know, just don't go crazy. Yeah. So you'd get a few days off, You know, you get, you get to leave and you would go get drunk and come back and he would get asked if you were okay.


And he would lie your ass off and say yes. And just go through with it all. Just go through the motions. I'm into history and I like reading about other warrior cultures and people that did, You know, things that they had to do. You know, PTSD has always been with us. Yeah. It's always, it's, it's been, this is the, this, this what you, we, you talked about your experience, what I'm talking about. We're not talking about anything new. This is the history of the world. Yeah. But I think there's something happened culturally that separated us from how people used to handle some of these things. Or how some people would talk about some of these things from, You know, spirit quest as that they used to kill him or finding yourself or, You know, going off on these pilgrimages or, you know, whatever form they took.


Ceremony. You know, a a ceremony is simply an performing an act with a symbology just to convince your subconscious mind of something. So from going to mass and eating a cracker that's supposed to be the body of Jesus and drinking wine that's supposed to be a blood of Jesus. There's a, some symbology there to getting, to get it, to getting handed a silver coin at the start of a leadership position and getting told that you were gonna get another one because you go into it knowing it's gonna end. Yeah. Thank you for listening to the Shawn Ryan Show.


If you haven't already, please take a minute, head over to iTunes and leave the Shawn Ryan Show a review. We read every review that comes through And we really appreciate the support. Thank you. Let's get back to the show. I think some of those things are missing and some of our, our kind of modern way of approaching some of these things, some of these things have been amputated from us. We're, we're suffering from a phantom limb syndrome when it comes to some of these things. And it was what happens after, like, I grew up having parties at the cemetery during day dead, and I, every, I get a weird feeling every time I travel up here and I see empty cemeteries with no people there.


It's like a, like a, their forgotten damn space. There's no relationship there. I don't know. I think that that whole culture of suck it up, be a man, go through it. And I, I I I get that, but it worked. It fucking worked. You know? It works when you're in, it works when you're in it, You know, And it Makes you effective when you, when you're off the bus, when You're out, you're Fucked. Yeah. And yeah, my mom used to say that. I told, I got quote that I get that quote again.


I went through a horrible of a few bad situations, but I think one of the first ones, the war that I fought was at home with an enemy that spoke the same language that I did every now and then. Share funeral. Every homes with the enemy, the the counter guys were bearing, buried, were being mourned over on that side of the street. And we were having our services for our guys who were here. So it was d just, it was, it was different in that way. I had a very horrible thing happen.


Very traumatic. I lost a few people and I Was Covered in Blood. My clothing was covered in blood and my sneakers and my socks feel in my toes. And blood has a tendency to kind of dry out and crust a little bit. I remember I wrote the reports that I had to write and talk to the people that I had to talk, and I was let You know, told to, to go to the hotel and wash up and come back. The second day I got in the car and drove straight home, like unconsciously just drove to my parents' house. I drove probably three hours in the night straight there.


I showed up some sometime in the early mornings and my mom opened the door. She saw, You know, she didn't say anything. She sat me down, took my clothing off, put in the washer and made me, made me some coffee. She didn't ask anything. The next morning I passed out for a bit and she asked me like, what do you wanna do? I, So I wanna go home. She said, there's, there's no such thing as going back home Ed.


Either you change on your way back to home or the home you left changes when you're, you're gone and you don't recognize it when you come back. So she told me, going back home is the, that train's left to station. There's no going back home. So you have to figure out what that looks like for you next. I was very mind altering. Yeah. She was a, she, she lived through a lot herself, so she was very wise. Sounds like it. She, she in, in her own way.


She told me to suck it up. I stood, I stood up and like, I remember smelling my clothes. They were like a downy, fresh, you know, she bagged me a lunch, got in the car, I saw all the missing, missed phone calls on my cell phone. People were angry. I went back and phased the music. Told me, where'd you go? So I just needed, I just needed a moment. I got reprimanded for leaving. Damn. But You know, it, that it was, I realized that there was no going back home.


So that gave me focus on going straight, surviving, figuring out what that, what that road would lead me. That was aimless. It fucking changes you. Yeah. How long did it take for you To realize your mom was bugging right on the money? I'd say probably, probably a few, a few, a few days after she passed away. She, she, she, she struggled for a long time with a few issues and before she went, she told me to leave that job, leave that thankless job ed, that's not, that's no longer the war.


You should fight. That's not your war anymore. She passed away and I did a lot of self-reflection again. I got two days off to m warn my mom, Damn. She got to meet my kid, which I think was, that was very soothing to my morning process and got everything kind of aligned after that. She passed away and, You know, a few things kinda shifted pol politically down there, and I had to leave. I kind of, she gave me that push at the end. I think I remember thinking back to that moment, and I kind of, I wrote it down.


I've sh I've shared that on, I've shared that openly a few times. I, I remem and every time I smell that morning coffee, I remember that moment kind of brings me back to that with moment where there's no more innocence. You know, you're facing your mom and you're not, you're not what you were, you know? Yeah, I know that feeling. Sorry to hear that, but, you know, sounds like she was looking out for you, man. Yeah. You know, but, and sounds like she still is after she passed.


No, she's, she's always here. Yeah. Yeah. Everything I do, she is, she is always been a, like a big inspiration. It's one of those teachers that you don't recognize as a teacher until they're not there anymore. One of the things she used to do and push me to was volunteer work and, You know, we would go and feed some of the, some of the people on, on the Tijuana Canal and heroin addicts. She gave me, she gave me the eyes to see humanity. Even, even at the lowest levels. I remember she had, one of the first self-defense classes I gave was through a church group that would work with some of the prostitutes in Tijuana.


And that was my mom pushing me to do that. You know, all this cool as you, you think you're, think you're some expert in stuff like that. Co-teach them. They need it. She gave me eyes instead of dehumanizing people. I think that's one, that's one, probably one of the biggest things she gave me was the human factor. So I could, I could relate to people and talk to people the, despite that they were trying to kill me only a few moments later. Yeah. I could sit them down, give 'em a phone, have them phone maybe a family member to tell 'em they're okay. Kill 'em a cigarette, give 'em a swig of tequila and talk to people.


That's a, that's a powerful armor that she gave me with that. And it's something that I've been using to try and process that whole, that whole life that I left behind again, the world has ended for me a few times over. Yeah. So part of my process to kind of, there is no getting better. There is no healing. There's, there's learning how to live with things. There's learning how to, how to find a new normal, how to find a new center or a new base. That's what I think I'm kind of looking towards. No matter where you're watching Shawn Ryan Show from. If you get anything out of this, please like, comment, subscribe, and most importantly share this everywhere you possibly can.


And if you're feeling extra generous, please leave us a review on Apple and Spotify Podcasts. Hi, I'm Joe Saul Cihi, host of the Stacking Benjamins podcast. Every week we talk to experts about saving, investing in personal finance trends. Oh, crypto can't do it. You could have Done all that research, all the breadcrumbs and thought this company's never going bankrupt Foiled again. You never knew personal finance could be this fun. Throwing down the got way I'm bringing it today. I'm only gonna be off by six figures instead of seven. Every boy has a dream doc. Every boy has a dream for sure. Stacking benjamins. Follow and listen on your favorite platform.