
Hey, podcast listeners, tired of ads barging into your favorite news podcast. Good news with Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. Stay up to date on everything newsworthy by downloading the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free news. That's amazon.com/ad. Free news to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


The weight is over. Our first ever theatrical release. Am I Racist from Matt Walsh. It's now playing in theaters nationwide at The Daily Wire. We've made a habit of achieving what others say can't be done. We are told you'll never get the loudest proponents of identity politics to reveal their true agenda on camera to complete strangers. But Matt Walsh, along with the team behind what is woman pulled it off in Mi racist next. We were told there's no way this comedy would ever make it to movie theaters showing all of America exactly what these radical leftist groups are up to. But here we are, opening weekend of Mi Racist, the most outrageous political comedy since Borat now playing in over 1,500 theaters nationwide. And guess what? Even Canada is adding theaters. That's right, folks. Were officially international. With all the comparisons to Borat, it's clear that a man for Am I Racist is undeniable. To put it into perspective, when Borat premiered nearly two decades ago, it was only on 837 screens nationwide. Today, Am I Racist is showing in over 1500 theaters across America. The message is clear. America is telling Hollywood they want Am, I, Racist and Hollywood is listening. This is a monumental weekend for The Daily Wire. As we take our fight against the left to the box office, we're infiltrating their strongholds, not with protests, burning buildings, social media rounds, but with ticket sales. Nothing speaks louder in the entertainment industry than packed theaters On opening weekend. If you want your voice heard, buying a movie ticket is how it's done. Am I Racist is incredibly entertaining. It's laugh out loud, funny. That's why it's in 1500 theaters nationwide, because we can deliver a movie that's not just hilarious, but also stands up for the values we believe in and exposes those who want to undermine our country or pulling back the curtain on their true intentions. And we're doing it with humor, wit, and undeniable evidence, their own words. And we have to share one of our favorite movie reviews with you outta the hundreds, pouring in from some of the most prominent movie critics in the country, quote with a face as blank as his voice is soulless. The Lord commander of trolls, Matt Walsh, lays waist to the new vote religion of DEI and its race baiting clergy, including her. Holy hi, Karen. Robin DeAngelo in Am I Racist. So here's the call to action. Get out there this weekend. Buy your tickets, fill those seats. Show Hollywood and the mainstream media. There's a massive audience hungry for the truth. Together we'll make Am I Racist the blockbuster comedy that can't be ignored. Remember, every ticket sold is a stand against the madness, trying to tear apart the country. Don't let the left control the narrative any longer. It's time to turn the tables, expose the absurdity, and have a damn good laugh. While we're at it, Am I Racist in theaters right now. Let's make history Daily Wire style. The fight is on. And remember, when we fight, we win. Get your tickets and showtimes for your local theater now at Am I Racist dot com.


At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley has pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley. Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home,


Mayflower, Cigars, Where. Will the voyage take You, honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars? Each. vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk. go to Mayflower Cigars dot com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order Some exclusions apply.