
At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley is pieces for every room in the house in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home,


The Daily Warriors first ever theatrical release. Mi racist is exclusively In. Theaters. September 13th. Tickets are available right now@miracist.com. Hollywood has been force feeding us woke propagandistic garbage for years. They've been telling us what to think, how to feel, what America should look like. Guess what? We're done with that. We're done with their ideological lectures disguised as entertainment. We're done with their distorted version of reality and we're about to show them exactly how done we are. So here's where we need your help. Advanced Ticket sales for MI racist are now available@miracist.com. I need you to go there right now and buy your tickets. Why? Well, because this is about supply and demand. The more tickets we buy, the more theaters will pick up the movie. It's basic economics. Lemme tell you about Am. I Racist. What you're gonna need to see, your family's gonna need to see. Your entire neighborhood's gonna need to say it's from Matt Walsh and the same group of white guys who brought you what? As a woman, Matt went deep undercover as a certified DEI expert. What he uncovered is so absurd, so intellectually bankrupt. You'll be simultaneously laughing and pulling your hair out. We're talking racism, disguise as anti-racism. Segregation masquerading as inclusion, discrimination, parading as equity, and Matt exposes all of it. We need your help to get this in as many theaters as possible. But to do that, they need to see how many tickets you're buying. Every ticket you buy is direct blow to the left wing narrative. It's a vote for sanity. In a world gone crazy with DEI delirium, it is you saying, I'm done with your crazy. So here's what you need to do, like right now. Go to mi racist.com, buy your tickets. Don't just buy one. Buy five. Take friends family. Take a lib if you know one. Let's pack these theaters and show Hollywood Conservatives can and should dominate the box office. Remember, it's not just about watching an awesome movie that exposes DEI for what it really is, although the movie is hilarious and awesome. This is about sending a message. It's about showing cultural elites. We are done with being silent or being ignored. Ready to laugh at the absurdity of DEI. We're ready to do it. In Theaters across America. Am I Racist hits theater September 13th. Don't wait. Go to mi racist.com right now. Buy those tickets. Let's make this opening weekend so big it wakes up all of the woke in Hollywood. That's how we win the Culture War folks. One ticket, one laugh, one exposed. DEI absurdity at a time. Again, mi racist.com. Buy your tickets today.


I am one of many Americans who bought a gun within the last year. Well, I get to the range as much as I can. I usually go with my wife and sometimes we put it off because the guns are really loud for her and sometimes the recoil is a lot for her, and sometimes the recoil can be uncomfortable. Fortunately, this doesn't have to be the case. There's a single accessory that will make going to the range a lot more enjoyable. Silencers make shooting significantly quieter and cut out a lot of that recoil and concussion. But obtaining a silencer can be a pain in the neck. There's a ton of paperwork and red tape involved. Fortunately, my friends over at Silencer Shop are here to help. They make getting silencers super simple. Silencer Shop has helped more American gun owners get suppressors than anyone else because they make the process so much easier than anyone else. They offer the largest selection of top brand silencers and their dedicated team will help you find the perfect fit for your firearm. They handle the hard part. They'll help you submit all your paperwork. You can get your suppressor from the comfort of your home@silencershop.com slash shapiro. These guys really know what they're doing. They're huge advocates of your Second Amendment rights. Silencer Shop doesn't just support your Second Amendment rights. They fight for them. They spend a lot of time and money aggressively lobbying, fighting lawsuits, and supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation across the nation. You gotta check 'em out. Go to silencer shop.com/shapiro. Let Silencer shop help you make your guns better. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro.


At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley has pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley. Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home.