
So when this starts, president Trump is actually quite warmed up to Vladimir Zelensky here. He was is right at the outset. Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have President Zelensky of Ukraine, and we've been working very hard, very close. So we've actually known each other for a long time. We've been dealing with each other for a long time, and very well. We had little negotiation spat, but that worked out great, I think for, for both countries, I think for the world actually, beyond both countries. And we have something that is a, a very fair deal and we look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging and working and getting some of the rare earth.


But it means we're gonna be inside. And it's, it's a big commitment from the United States and we appreciate working with you very much. And we will continue to do that. We have had some very good discussions with Russia. I spoke with President Putin, and we're gonna try and bring this to a close. It's something that you want and that he wants. We have to negotiate a deal, but we've started the confines of a deal and I think something can happen. So you can see from Zelensky body language, he's immediately on his guard, right? He's already very nervous. He, he's, he's clearly not liking what he's hearing from Trump. But what Trump is saying here is extremely good for Zelensky, right?


Zelensky came and oriented against Trump from the beginning. And you can see what Trump is saying here is he's looking for some sort of win, right? That's all he says. Right from the beginning. We had a negotiation spa, and that worked out great and we're looking forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging, working, getting some of the rare earth. But it means we're gonna be inside. And it's a big commitment from the United States. What is he saying there? What President Trump is saying there is, we look forward to getting boots on the ground, digging things. And once we're there, it's sort of a tacit security guarantee. Now, Zelensky comes out, firing Zelensky comes out and he's like, I want a security guarantee in the room. Okay? Which again, you, you understand why he wants it. He's the president of Ukraine. He does not want another negotiation that ends with, in two years the Russians coming back in.


However, these are negotiations that you save for the back room. This is not stuff that you do in the front room. Why is he negotiating in the room with President Trump isn't rejecting a security guarantee outright here? Trump has said nothing about a security guarantee at Zelensky who starts pushing him right out the gate. Thank you so much, Mr. President, thank you for invitation. And really, I hope that this document, first document will be first step to real security guarantees for Ukraine. Our people, our children are really count on it. And of course, we count that America will not stop. Support really, for us is very important to support and to continue it. I want to discuss it with details for them during our conversation, and of course the infrastructure or security guarantees.


'cause for today, I understand what Europe is ready to do. And of course, I want to discuss with you what United States will be ready to do. And I really count on your strong position to stop Putin. And, and you said that enough with the war. I think that is very important, Ben, to say this war to Putin at the very beginning, at the very beginning war, because he's a killer and terrorist. But I hope that together we can stop him. But for us, it's very important to, you know, to save our country, our values, our freedom and democracy. And of course, no compromises with the killer about our territories, but it'll be later.


Okay? Now here's the thing. Trump could blow up him at this point, but you're two minutes deep into the meeting. So what does Trump do? Like an adult President Trump sits there, he listens to Zelensky and he doesn't blow it up. He understands what Zelensky is saying. Zelensky is saying, I don't wanna make any compromises. Putin's a killer. I want security guarantees. I wanna work the Europeans into this. Or he's having a negotiation in the room in front of the press. So Zelensky is the one who starts this whole thing and for 40 minutes, Trump allows him to do it. Why? Because that's what an adult does. What an adult does is he says, listen, I understand that you're, you got a rant for the cameras, you gotta do your thing for the camera. I get it. I totally get it. And in the back room, we're gonna negotiate what this actually looks like and, and listen to how, listen to how sober President Trump is here. I mean, it is an amazing thing now for, for the guy who's supposed to be the one flying off the handle in this meeting, it is not Trump who flies off the handle.


It is Zelensky and then Vance who flies off the handle. So here is President Trump. I think once we make the agreement, that's gonna be 95% of it, it's, they're not gonna go back to fighting. I've spoken with President Putin and I think, I mean, I feel very strong. I've known him for a long time and I feel very strongly that they're very serious about it. And we'll make a deal. And when the deal is made, I don't think we talk about security. Everyone's talking about the other day, all they talked about was security. I said, let, let me make the deal first. I have to make the deal first. Okay, so what is he saying again? He's saying the same thing when it comes to the economy. He's gonna make the deal first, and that is going to be the lever that allows for security guarantees, right?


That, that is what he's saying. Okay, this continues, this clip five. So a reporter asks Zelensky if he feels like the United States is on the side of Ukraine at the moment, and President Trump's like, what are you even asking that for? I mean, clearly we are, I'm here with him. I'm signing a rare earth's minerals agreement with him. Like right now, Do you feel like the US is on your side, that the president, the president Trump is on your side at this, at this moment? What do you think he Wants to know? Do you think that It's sort of a stupid question. I guess. I guess we wouldn't be here if I wasn't.


But I think that, I think that United States on our side from the very beginning of occupation, and I think that President Trump on our side and, and of course a note who I'm sure that United States president will not stop support. This is crucial for us. Okay, so again, that Zelensky pushing. So Trump says, of course in mine, decide what we're gonna sign an agreement all Trump wants from this meeting is to get outta there with the rare earth minerals deal that is going to provide the lever for a broader American commitment or tacit American commitment to the security of Ukraine. That's what this is. And Zelensky keeps pushing because he feels like publicly he needs to push.


I don't know if he thought that he was gonna get Trump to cave in the room or something, or if this is all virtue signaling for the cameras, or if he feels he needs to say this for his own people at home. Or if this was all a, a sort of design to blow up the meeting in order to get the Europeans to step in. I'm not sure what Zelensky strategy here was. All I know it's a very, very bad strategy.


Lemme tell you something. I never realized how bad my old mattress was until I got the Helix mattress. You know the feeling where you wake up and your back is hurting? Well, that was me a lot. Don't even get me started on the old mattress, turning into a heat trap at night. Since switching on over to Helix, I wake up feeling ready to take on my busiest days and the craziest headlines. And here's what makes Helix different. They don't believe in one size fits all sleep solutions. Instead, they use their sleep quiz to match you with a custom mattress based on your body type and sleep preferences. Whether you sleep hot, need extra support for your back, or you share your bed with a restless partner, Helix has a perfect match for you. There's tons of great options. My option, a firmer mattress, breathable, that's what I needed. I'm sleeping better. You can do the same. Right now, Helix is offering an incredible March madness deal. Visit Helix Sleep dot com slash bed and get 20% off offsite wide. That's Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben for 20% offsite wide. Again, just visit Helix Sleep dot com slash ben for this exclusive offer. It's Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben, get 20% off. Start sleeping better today. Stop going to those big mattress stores and just lying down on the mattress and then buying whatever you know you've laid on for, for five minutes. Instead, go to Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben, get a mattress made just for you.


So President Trump, again, being very sober about all of this and for all to talk about how Trump was the one who, who, who was combative in this. He really was not. For 40 minutes, he sat there. Well, Zelensky effectively attempted to negotiate a deal in the room. And here's President Trump talking about compromise. I think you're gonna have to always make compromises. You can't do any deals without compromises. So certainly he's gonna have to make some compromises, but hopefully they won't be as big as some people think you're going to have to make. That's all, that's all we can do. I'm here as a, as an arbitrator, as a mediator to a certain extent between two parties that have been very hostile.


Now you can see a fundamental difference between Trump and Zelensky here. Zelensky thinks that the United States is full fledged on the side of Ukraine in terms of this negotiation. Meaning they should like Biden just pour into aid without any sort of end, without any sort of designs to end the war. And Trump says, listen, I got a broker a deal. I want the deal. Now we'll talk about the ramifications of the meeting and how actually one of the things that the Trump administration might think about doing and President Trump had said during that campaign pretty clearly is state of Vladimir Putin, listen, we want a deal. You know, we want a deal. We've been very obvious about how we want a deal. I've been giving you all sorts of props in public. If you don't make a deal, then we're gonna ratchet up support because we can't just let you win by default. Right?


But that's not actually the approach that Trump is taking and that's arguable. But again, in the meeting so far, Trump is the person who's being mature and Zelensky is the person, as I say, over and over again, you can hear him being combative. This is for 40 minutes. Now, one of these sort of hot moments happened when one of the reporters is a guy from One America News Network. I believe this reporter happens to be dating Marjorie Taylor Green, the congresswoman from Georgia, and asks Zelensky about wearing a suit. Do you ever, why don't you wear a suit? Why? Why don't wear a suit? You're the highest level in this country's office and you refuse to wear a suit, just want you own a suit. You have problems.


A lot of Americans have problems with you not Respecting. I don't have such, I will wear a costume after this war will finish. Okay? Yes. Maybe one. Maybe something like, maybe something like yours. Yes, that'd be maybe some, something better. I don't, I don't know. We'll see. Maybe something cheaper than, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Now back to sort of the real issue of the day. President Trump is asked about security agreements. And again, he's saying the thing over and over. He's basically offering Zelensky and off ramp. Like, here's the rare earth mineral deal, let's sign it. We're on side. That, that is the, that is the way we get involved. Here he is. I don't want to talk about security yet because I wanna get the deal done.


You know, you fall into the same trap like everybody else a million times you said over and over, I wanna get the deal done. Security is so easy. That's about 2% of the problem. I'm not worried about security. I want, I'm worried about getting the deal done. The security is the easy part. Security is very nice. Everybody stops shooting. And now will Europe put people there? I know France is going to, I know the UK is going to, I know other countries are going to, and they happen to be right next door. We haven't committed, but we could conceivably, you know, we have security in a different form. Okay? He's right there giving Zelensky what he wants. This is where Zelensky should say, okay, great Mr. President, we'll talk about this pie ENC closed doors. And he doesn't, right?


Trump said these words, quote, we haven't committed, but we could conceivably, you know, we have security in a different form. He's giving Zelensky what he wants. He's giving him the excuse. But Zelensky can't take the W. He can't take the W. So Zelensky keeps pushing. Yeah. So please about security guarantees and about justice cease fire. We can't just speak about cease fire and speak and speak. It'll not work justice. Fire will not never work because I'm like a president. I have, I have this experience. And not only me, Ukraine, before, before my presidency from the 2014, Putin broken 25 times.


25 times he broken his own signature 25 times he broken his fire. Okay? So again, you can see Zelensky is is saying that Putin can't be trusted. This is why we need secure. And again, I don't think that Zelensky is wrong about this per se, but why is he negotiating all of this in? He's not gonna get what he wants in the room.