
So it's a pretty impressive speech from the former and current president of the United States. President Trump gave a 29 minute address very short for him. It began with him suggesting that this was the beginning of a new golden era for the United States. That obviously is his ambition. And then he recapped the last four years, which he characterized as dark, depressing. I think obviously he was right in all of that. And then he began to lay out an incredibly pragmatic course of action that he's going to pursue immediately, and that includes everything from designating drug cartels, terrorist organizations to putting back in place, remain in Mexico from declaring a national energy emergency to drill, baby drill. Those are his words to a foreign policy that's led with strength.


He mentioned the release of three hostages by Hamas over the weekend. President of the United States also drops some pretty charged language about what he sees as the future of American territory. He used the phrase manifest destiny to describe the possibility of expanding America's territorial holdings, including regaining some level of control over, for example, the Panama Canal, which he said we did not build for the use of China or ownership by China, which of course is exactly correct. The bottom line is this. President Trump said in the speech that he's going to be a common sense president, and that is what you heard. This is president who's much more focused than he was during his first term. This is a president who actually has an agenda. This is a president who is ready to make that agenda happen in real time.


Now, I, I don't think that it was the most soaring rhetoric I've ever heard from President Trump, but it was some of the most pragmatic rhetoric that I've ever heard from President Trump. Again, it was a shorter address than he usually gives in these sorts of situations, and I think that played to his benefit because again, it allowed the American public to focus on what he was saying. He suggested that maybe the most important wars we fight are the ones that we never fight, which is a strategy of deterrence that he has suggested in the past, and that he pursued with alacrity during his first term. He suggested that when it came to foreign trade that we were not gonna impoverish American workers in order to make people rich elsewhere. We'll see how that manifests in terms of his actual trade and tariff policy. But the bottom line for President Trump is, was and will be utilitarian. It's going to be about winning.


It's gonna be about pragmatic winning for the American people. That's the theme that he kept coming back to. And he also, in the more inspirational moments of the speech, I think talked about what he sees as the future of the country and the past of the country. The sort of pioneer spirit that it takes to cross mountains and, and settle along rivers, the kind of pioneer spirit that it takes that to, to, for example, go to the moon and plant an American flag on the moon. There's an aspirational nature that's combined with the pragmatic utilitarian on the ground stuff that I think is gonna make President Trump's second term unique and could in fact make President Trump's second term historically unique. It's, it's pretty rare to have a president who's both pursuing the sort of pragmatic on the ground things that are necessary to fix the broken toilet, and at the same time pursuing the big ideas, the big, bold ideas.


And it's been a long time in this country since we've pursued actual bold ideas for a very long time, probably my entire political lifetime, we've been stuck in the position of sort of global managerial class, or it's our job to sort of fix things around the world or fix things at home. President Trump did talk about innovation. He talked about dynamism. He talked about shooting for something that was larger, and again, there is to his administration a seriousness of purpose that I think a lot of people found lacking at the very beginning of his first administration. He's learned something again, the the key line was one that Jeremy mentioned a moment ago, and that key line was that God saved his life in order to make America great again. And I think that because that happened because he narrowly avoided being assassinated in front of the American people, having his head blown off on national television, I think that he does have a seriousness of purpose.


He could sit back on his laurels. He, he could right now say, listen, I won. I did the thing that I set out to do. I won one term I lost, and now I came back and I won a second term in historic fashion. He's not doing that. He actually has an agenda, and you can see that agenda unfolding in real time. We were noticing as this speech was unfolding, the White House site had already shifted over to a picture of President Trump with the label. America is Back, and it's worth mentioning right here that on his way out the door, this broke pretty much as President Trump got up to speak, that Joe Biden actually pardoned all the members of his own immediate family in preparation for the idea that rep that Republicans were gonna go after them. That's not true. The reality is, again, that President Trump, I think is not going to be focused, and I hope he's not gonna be focused, and I think his speech suggests this.


This is not a revenge minded administration. This is a forward-looking administration that is looking to solve the problems of the American people that is going to put American interests first on foreign and domestic policy. And then again, it's gonna be measured by its success. That was the word he used many times during the speech success, and that's always been President Trump's metric of what matters is success and winning. I don't think any of that is going to change in the second administration, but I do think the approach will change much more practical. He actually knows how Washington works now. He's appointing people who are gonna break the things that need to be broken. I, I'm not sure I've ever been more optimistic about the country in my lifetime, which is I think a far cry from where all of us were four years ago. Our faith has been placed in President Trump as president of the United States again, and I think that the faith of the American people, I hope and I pray, I think as all of us do, that the hope that the American people have placed in President Trump is well justified.


Celebrate the 47th President with 47% off your membership. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Are you looking for a better quality meat? Good Ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using Code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed, oil free chicken nuggets, or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code Daily Wire, good ranchers, American Meat delivered.