
Every day local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy.


I gotta react to this insanity from Senator Alex Padilla of California. Essentially the story is that he went into the middle of a press conference with Christy Nome, who's the Secretary of Homeland Security, and he basically just rushed in and started yelling at her, yelling at her questions. And security appears not to know who he is. About halfway through them grabbing him, he says that he's a senator from California, but they don't know him from Adam. It's not like he cleared his presence with security. So the video shows him being rushed outta the room while he simultaneously yelling at Christy Nome. They take him out, they put him on his stomach, they handcuff him. It's all very peaceful. They briefly detained him and apparently he then got a meeting with Christy Nome in person. She later said, you know, all he had to do was call my office, which is be proper answer, unexplained what all this means, what this is all a part of in just one second.


First.


Again, don't miss a moment of the stories that matter. Become a Daily Wire Plus member for alerts, breaking news, investigative journalism, all uncensored and ad free. Get 40% off new annual memberships for a limited time at Daily Wire Plus again, this is why we're here. We do these reacts specifically so that we can be here on time with you. Delaware Plus helps us make all of that happen.


So anyway, back to Alex Padilla. Let's be clear, Democrats are all looking for attention right now. Everything is about attention seeking. If you think of Democrats at this point, as a series of five-year-olds who are desperate for mommy's attention, then their behavior starts to make a lot more sense. They got a lot more sense, whether it is Cory Booker filibustering for 24 hours for no reason whatsoever, and the entire Democratic press going insane. No. Oh, look, he's a hero. He's a hero of the moment. Shouting at President Trump, taking out his angry always, and then giving you the full Spart kiss. Or whether you're talking about a OC and her fake arrests from a couple of years ago when she was putting her hands behind her back. Or whether you're talking about Alex Padilla today, the the Democrats are solely reliant still on this idea that whoever resists Trump the most strongly wins that.


That all you have to do is just yell at Orange Man bad and yell at members of the Orange Man bad cabinet. And that will somehow result in a magical victory for Democrats. I don't know what they're thinking. They've tried this now for a full decade. If your strategy isn't working after a full decade, you might wanna try a different strategy. So Alex Padilla, of course, can get all sorts of attention. Democrats are saying things like, well, if Alex Padilla can be arrested, if he can be detained, what could happen to you? Well, I don't know what would happen to me if I rushed into the middle of a press conference with Christine Om, and no one knew who the hell I was. And I started yelling at her, what do you think would happen to me? The same thing that would happen to you, the same thing that would happen to Alex Padilla. Unless you are recognized when you walk in, they're going to arrest you probably, at the very least, they're gonna remove you from the room 'cause she's the Secretary of Homeland Security in an incredibly tense and fraught situation.


It's such a bizarre move by the Democrats to sort of treat this as though this is Tiananmen Square. The tanks are running over the protestors, the tanks are running over. Alex Padilla. Gavin Newsom is a resistance hero. Gavin Newsom is the governor of the fourth largest economy on planet Earth, the most populous state in America. Gavin Newsom is not some sort of victim. His state has been run quite poorly. 1.5 million net citizens have left California since 2019. People in California have massive cost of living issues, like for a middle class family, average cost of living issue, 25, 20 $6,000 more than the average across the rest of America. But somehow he's a resistance hero. Why?


Because Trump sent federal forces into LA and now he gets to claim that he's standing up to the ma. Well, again, I, I just don't understand why Democrats believe that this is the winning message all Americans want at this point is normalcy. That's all they want. There's a fascinating graphic that people have been trafficking around that shows sort of the ideological diversity within the two parties. And it shows on the one end Democratic party and the ideological diversity is extremely narrow. So all of these sort of various ideological perspectives are very closely knit together. And on the right you have a much broader sort of network. And so the right looks like it's much bigger and much broader and covering a lot more ground because you have people who are pro-life and people who are pro-choice.


You have people who are pro-free markets and anti-free markets. The right looks really big right now, and the left looks really small because the left has decided that its only point of commonality is saying mean things about the system and saying mean things about Trump. If you do that, then they'll let you get away with most anything. But if you don't do that, then you get away with with pretty much nothing. Well, if you only have one point of commonality, then of course you're going to end up a very, very small ideological party that's not great for the country. The truth is that as the Democratic party eventually learns that this is a very stupid strategy and they move away from just yelling at Trump full, full-time as their strategy, they're gonna have to come back to something that that resembles normalcy. President Trump has moved the Overton window so far on immigration that we're now arguing over whether we ought deport all illegal immigrants or just many illegal immigrants.


That is an argument that lives in Trump world. And Alex Pia can yell about that as much as he could possibly want. He's not going to win that argument. I still don't know what the Democrats are really yelling about here. Like there, there are multiple things that are being posited. You have Democrats yelling that if you've had a violation of due process, okay, show me the person whose due process has been violated and then file a lawsuit and that person's case will be taken up before court and then presumably we'll get a hearing. And that's how the process works. And then you have people who are yelling that it's some sort of fascistic imposition for the Trump administration to try to enforce federal law. The American people don't believe that. They don't believe that at all. And now you have Democrats claiming that Donald Trump is in the middle of an author authoritarian takeover of America because Alex Padilla got manhandled by security who didn't know who he was at the time.


And by the way, just 'cause he shouts that he's a senator. So what I mean, so what is that showing Id, if you shout that you are a member of the cast and crew of a particular movie, does that mean you're not going to be removed from set? By the way, this sort of stuff happens all the time in public life. I remember just a few years ago, actually, I was doing an interview with Elon. This would've been the beginning of last year. I was with Elon at Auschwitz and we did an interview in crack out. And in the middle of the interview there was some guy who was just kind of sitting in the back. We had no idea who he was. And we figured he was with Elon's team. Elon's team figured he was with us. And it turns out he was just some third party guy who had sort of infiltrated the room. That's an actual security threat. That's a major, major problem. And so the idea that if you walk in shouting at a principle like Christie, no, that the FBI agents aren't going to remove you from the room until they can at least establish who you are.


That's really silly. And, and again, this wasn't a press conference really. This was Christie Noam who was speaking to the press, but it wasn't a press conference in the, in the sort of formal, I'm taking questions from the press I'm taking. It was a statement that she was reading to the press essentially. And Alex Padia came storming in. Listen, he got what he wanted, he got attention. But is that sort of attention gonna help the Democratic Party? Not until they fix the underlying problem. And the underlying problem is in fact their immigration policy and their extremism. And if they believe that counter signaling Trump is somehow a victorious strategy, well, good luck to them. We'll see you on tomorrow's show. I'll have much more on all of this. Plus breaking news in the Middle East plus economic news tons going on. We'll see you here tomorrow.


This is Dr. Jordan b Peterson. Watch parenting available exclusively on Daily Wire. Plus, We're dealing with misbehaviors with our son. Our 13-year-old throws tantrums, our son Turned to some substance abuse. Go to Daily Wire Plus dot com today.