
Every piece of breaking news, every show, every reaction. It's all possible because of support from our members. Join us now as we fight the left and build the future. Go to daily wire.com/subscribe at use code. Fight for 47% off.


Fox News just called it. It's over gang. Yeah, it's over. Fox. Fox News calls Pennsylvania. This election is done. It's toast. You can put it in the fridge. It's finished. Donald Trump. Donald Trump is your 47th president of the United States. The greatest political comeback in American history. American history. Far none. Yeah. No doubts about it. Un fing. Believable. Unbelievable. I And to you, the American people put the work in. Yes. The amount of work That people put into this selection cycle, particularly me, but others, It doesn't work. It's Just, it's incredible. Really. Like, it's, it's the, like, the, the amount of work, I mean the number of people that we all personally know who are like door knocking and going out and doing the hard work and making the connections, putting aside whatever differences they're out there.


I mean, this is a huge victory. A huge victory against a woke left that needed to take it directly in the teeth. This is Just huge. Just enormous. This is the greatest comeback without dispute in the history of American politics. TDHQ has called the elections. Donald Trump is your 47th president of the United States. There. It's yes. Damn. Alright. So, well, the world, the world is about to change in a much better way. In a much, much, much better way. From foreign policy to domestic policy to the social fabric of the country. And now it's time for those that Donald John Trump has defeated to actually take seriously the possibility they got it all wrong.


That they got the People wrong and they got it all wrong. And it's time to read things. Some things about the American people and about the country. They seem to say that they ought to represent. It Is also time for me to have a drink. I think I've, I've, you've heard it and Dennis Prager left early. No. Oh boy. Now We have to have his drink. I mean, we must, You know, Thank, The nice thing about the color orange is that encompasses so many colors. It's not just white. It's not just black. It's A blend brown. It's It's a blended family. Exactly. It's like America coming together. That's like a Obama. We're not red America. We're not white America. We're America today. We're all orange. That's right. Come on. It's been a long road.


United States of America to the United States of America. And number 47 and number Donald Trump. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah.


Folks, you owe back taxes. Don't gamble with the IRS to no win Tax Network. USA is on your side. Their attorneys and expert negotiators use aggressive strategies to settle your IRS issues fast and in your favor. They've saved their clients over a billion dollars in tax debt. For a free and private consultation with a tax professional that knows how to win, call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/react. Contact Tax Network USA today. Put your tax worries behind you again, if you've got a tax problem, go get it solved today. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit our friends at Tax Network USA at tn usa.com/react.


We were one centimeter away from things completely exploding, not just Trump's head. Yeah, that's right. Okay. That, that, that is how close this country just came. The person that a bullet missed his head by this much is now the next president of the United States. Again. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry. If you don't believe in God, it's time to start thinking about it. Really a lot like, like real strong. You might wanna take like a real strong think on that one. You know, last time in 2016 I had to pay Michael because I bet wrong on the election this time. I called it, I called it this time. So I don't have to pay you any more money. Except remember that bet we had on New Hampshire, you know, you were a little tired. This Yeah, he was, remember it was about 400 bucks. I was more right than wrong. That's all I'll say.


Wow. Wow, wow. Okay guys, we need clips from msn BC feed it into my veins. I need it from MSN BC Live right now. C-N-N-S-N-B-C, all the networks into my veins. Thank you sir. Slow drip for the rest of my life. Now, by the Way, can we also say it's not going to electorally speaking the popular vote? I don't know, because California is a big state. Yes. But Donald Trump is gonna win 300 electoral votes. He's gonna win the popular I'm telling you right now, he's gonna win the popular vote. He is. He's gonna win the vote. He's gonna win the popular vote. He's gonna win the popular vote because he, because she's, they're not showing up for her and they're showing up for him and they're showing he's gonna win the popular, you know how crazy this ride has been? This is a crazy ride.


I mean, just like to recap for, for those who may have been asleep the last 10 years, like Joe Biden. Yeah. The Donald Trump was elected in what was probably the greatest electoral fluke of our lifetime in 2016. By what? 77,000 votes in three separate states after losing the popular vote by like 6 million votes. Yeah. And then we had a pandemic in his election year. Yeah. With massive riots. Yeah. Right. And he lost to Joe Biden by 7 million popular votes. And he lost by, you know, a handful of votes in, in a, in a bunch of separate states. Wow. He then proceeded to be prosecuted four times after having been impeached twice, nearly assassinated twice in the last year. Had the candidate who was beating, swapped out for another candidate.


The entire media then cited behind that candidate and then he won. Anyway, okay. I'm just gonna, just gonna put it out there again. Folks, if you ain't going to synagogue or church, really ought your perception of the way that God moves through history, because my goodness gracious.