
How do you keep your edge with the cutting edge design of the stylish Lexus rx? It's second nature. Never lose your edge with the Lexus RX. Lease the 2024 RX three 50 all wheel drive for 5 39 a month for 36 months with 49 99 due it signing Experience. Amazing. Your Lexus dealer Call one 800 USA Lexus for important lease cash offer and pricing details, restrictions applied. Not all customers are qualified. Offer available in the eastern area only in November 4th, 2024.


Alrightyy folks. So Kamala Harris just completed her interview with Brett Bear on Fox News and it was as advertised a complete bleep show.


By the way, if you like these reacts, if you wanna see these things continue to happen in real time, we do need your help. You need to go subscribe Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. When you use Code Reacts, you get 35% off. We're gonna keep bringing you these updates, not only in the election season, but Well past that. So Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. 35% off with code React.


Okay, So onto the news, Kamala Harris. Wow. Wow, wow, wow, wow. I thought it was not gonna be great. I did not think it was gonna be that. Not great So. Listen, Kamala Harris has been avoiding difficult to interviews this entire election cycle. The most difficult to interview she did was with Bill Whitaker and 60 Minutes chopped it up to make her look better. That did not happen with Rep Bear, and it was a full scale disaster area for her. So He opened right off the bat by asking her about illegal immigration. He said, you know how many illegal immigrants have been led into the country under you? And she immediately swivels. She will not answer the question. She won't just say, listen, we blew it at the beginning. We reversed Donald Trump's executive orders. We got it right. Now we understand the problem. That's Joe. That's not me, right? That that's the actual real answer.


But she can't do that because she also wants to say that she owns it. That she was involved in every decision. Later on in this interview, by the way, she'd be talking about Donald Trump and she would suggest you have to own everything your administration did, Well Lady. That's gonna be a campaign ad. 'cause it turns out people do not like what you have done. In fact, Brett Bear asked her, you know, you keep saying you're gonna turn the page, turn the page, So Brett bearer's, like from what? You're the current vice president of the United States. You realize Americans, 79% of them don't like the direction of the country. You're the current incumbent. And she said, Well, yes, but Donald Trump has been running He said Well. Yeah, but you're the, you're the current vice President of the United States of America. What the hell does, does Donald Trump running have to do with anything? No answer from her. He asked about Lake and Riley and other people slain by illegal immigrants, and she tried to blame that on the failure to pass a border bill in 2023.


Okay? But the problem is that the illegal immigrants who were let in were let in Well before that border bill was even proposed to Congress So, it makes no sense whatsoever. He asked her about whether she would still be in favor of transgender surgeries for illegal immigrants and, and federal inmates. And she said, I will abide by the law. That's not an answer. That's you saying? Yes. That's you saying that you still would use taxpayer dollars to pay for all of those things. He asked her about the fact that she has been covering for Joe Biden's senility for three and a half years. And instead of answering, she says, no, I've been in the room with him. I've been there the whole time. He's great. And by the way, he's not on the ticket and Bear follows up. He's like, yes, but, but we can all see he's diminished. That's the reason you are here. And she refuses once again to answer the question, man, she looked bad.


She looked absolutely awful. She looked contentious. She looked angry at B Brett Bear for having the temerity to ask her any sort of serious question. She's gotta be super ticked at her team for suggesting that she do B Brett Bear in the first place. And she, she's unwilling or unable to answer any question about policy at all in this election cycle. The only thing she's gotten, everybody knows it is Trumpy Trump, make Trump, Trump make Trump, Trump. But here is the problem. The minute you dig below the surface, what you realize is that she's an empty vessel for the entire Biden administration agenda. And she's not particularly smart. She doesn't know her own policies Well enough to make cogent and interesting distinctions about how her policies work. She doesn't understand how to defend the policies that she has herself put into place.


She tried to suggest that she'd be tougher on Iran than Donald Trump. I mean, like, these things make no sense whatsoever. And the biggest thing, the biggest thing that rolled off of her was enormous disdain for having to be there. That was the thing that rolled off of her in waves. You know, So, much of these interviews is true for debate. Also, So, much of it is sort of the attitude you bring to it. And the reason that JD Vance did really Well in the vice presidential debate is because He didn't come in hot and aggressive and angry. He came in and He was sort of open body language and accepting the terms of the debate. And yeah, He pushed back here and there, but He was really kind of kind and generous during the debate. That was the mistake that Donald Trump made in 2020 against Joe Biden. It was all a problem of affect. He came in super hot, really aggressive, okay? So, Kamala Harris sits down with Brett Bear and instead of being friendly and saying, listen, Brett, you know, we have some statistics that suggest that say 6 million illegal immigrants have entered the country.


It is our job to do a better job of that on the border. That was a mistake that Joe Biden made. When He came into office, we were optimistic about what could happen with the border. We thought a bill would get passed quickly. Obviously that wasn't true and we were delayed. We were belated and actually doing the things that we should have done by closing the border back up. We're doing it now. I promise to do that going forward. That's the best answer, obviously. But she can't give that answer and she refuses to give that answer. And she gets angry when she's asked. That's the thing. She's, she's really angry about having to run a race. That's the part that's amazing. She is ticked at having to run this thing. Why Well? Because literally every job that she's ever had, with the exception of the DA job, which she won, won a race against Steve Cooley in California, has been handed to her on a silver platter. Kamala Harris has always been the sort of fair-haired child when it comes to people just handing her things.


Hell, she was handed the vice presidency after running the worst presidential campaign in modern American history. I mean, the list of gaffes in this interview is almost endless. again, she suggested Joe Biden is totally fine. She, at one point, Brett Bearer has to openly state b Brett Bearer has to openly say, your handlers want me to stop this interview? Like they really want you to stop this interview. You know, she, she again is unable to simply to to explain even why she's not responsible for what Joe Biden is doing. And So, you have to wonder, where does she go from here? Seriously? Where does she go If this is the best she can do against Brett Air? And you see, you know, the Democrats are gonna try and spin this as though she was cogent and interesting. She faced down a brutal grilling, a really hard interviewer, and now she's brave.


Okay? Well points for bravery, I suppose. Bold strategy cotton. We'll see how it does for you. If the idea is doing this and then doing Joe Rogan for three hours, when she is asked a point blank question, she cannot answer the question. She simply cannot. She cannot defend her own policies. The only line of attack she has is just saying Trump, and Trump and Trump. again, that's really the only line of attack any Kamala Harris defenders have at this point. I really don't think that's gonna be enough. 'cause it turns out that in order to vote against Donald Trump or to show up to vote in favor of Kamala Harris, she's gonna have to show something beyond a radical sneering disdain. For anyone who has questions about why the hell she's here and what she'll do as presidents of the United States.