
So you've got a business, but what about a brand? The difference more of you. Wix gives you the freedom to create your website, own your brand, and do it on your own, exactly how you envisioned it. Experience limitless customization, boost your creativity and efficiency with AI tools for every part of your business journey. Scale up with built-in SEO e-comm and scheduling features. Put more of you in your business. Go to wix.com and do it all yourself.


Folks, the reason we can bring you breaking News Uncensored daily shows, and of course Ben React is because of your support. If you're not yet a member, now would be the time to join the fight. It's just beginning. Folks. Go to daily wire.com/subscribe. Use code Trump for 47% off your new daily wire plus annual membership.


That is Kamala Harris, vice President of the United States. She's just given her concession address. She's headed out and lady, don't let the door hit you or the good Lord split you. I gotta say she, she was a little more naturalistic than usual. Obviously, she's a permanent resident of the uncanny valley, so she could only take short trips outside the uncanny valley. She seemed to make it almost to the border of the uncanny valley that time. But unfortunately, she was then dragged, screaming back to the center of the uncanny valley for the finale of the speech where she talked about how there would be a billion points of light, not just a thousand, a billion, yay, may, may, perhaps a trillion, perhaps a trillion trillion. So many points of light because you know when it gets real dark, you can see the stars outside and that means that now that it's really dark, you can be a star too, just like J-Lo or something.


Here's the thing about Kamala Harris. She was a big nothing burger. Her candidacy was a big nothing burger. She has always been a big nothing burger. And that little concession speech was also a big nothing burger. So there are a few things she could have said that would've been useful. Like for example, you know, remember that time I said that my opponent's Hitler, yeah, you're gonna be fine. I, she said, you're gonna be fine, but it's very hard to square that with my opponent is Hitler and you need to vote to stop him. And everyone around him is also Hitlerian, right? That's a very difficult thing to square. It is very difficult to square all the things that she said on the campaign trail about the threats to America. There'll be giant internment camps, which Democrats were saying that that that there, that every woman in America was gonna be put under the gun. That that essentially all rights would be stripped from you with the sort of inspirational rhetoric she was using right there.


And here's the thing, if she had campaigned as this Kamala Harris, maybe she would've had a better shot if she hadn't tried the scare tactic of claiming that Donald Trump was Hitler with seven mustaches and more orange. If she hadn't tried that, maybe people would've taken her more seriously, or maybe they wouldn't because it turns out that was just a bunch of platitude in this nonsense. Again, in the end, the thing about Kamala Harris is nothing because she is nothing. She's a stand-in for a party machine. That speech could have given been given by 1000 different Democrats, na, a billion stars of Democrats. It could have been any Democrat in the United States who gave that list of platitudes and bumper stickers that mean absolutely nothing when ripped out of any sort of context or any sort of meaning. And because that is the case, what you have to do is look behind the facade that is Kamala Harris, the Democratic Party, and that's the reason she lost it.


The app you need to download right now is called Express VPN. It encrypts any re route 100% of your internet activity through secure servers so no one can get their hands on your data and then use it against you. Express. VPN is the only VPNI trust to protect my privacy, which is why you can get three extra months of it for free by using my special link ExpressVPN dot com slash election. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/election for three extra months for free. As you know, I've been trusting ExpressVPN with my own tech security for years. You should do the same ExpressVPN dot com slash election.


Honestly, I would feel bad for her if I thought that she, she actually were a real human being, but the fact that she is an NPC and that she effectively is just a stand-in for a party, don't feel bad for the party that she represents because that party is lying to you. They put up these platitudes and these bumper stickers so you don't look through the veil. They don't want you to see the actual policies. They pursued this lady who says that she was a prosecutor. This same person suggested on a questionnaire from the A CLU that taxpayers should fund the transition of illegal immigrant prisoners. This same person who is talking about how be friendly to the stranger who you just meet on the street, that same person was personally attempting to bail rioters out of prison during the George Floyd riots in Minneapolis.


The same person who is telling you that young people ought to have hope in the future, was also telling young people that they effectively don't have any hope in the future unless they're having their student loan debt relieved by the grace of government. The agenda does not match the rhetoric. It never match the rhetoric. The rhetoric is completely empty because Kamala Harris is completely empty. And that's why she deserved to lose. It's why no one, I, I noticed that for all the talk in the media about how she was brat and joy and a wonderful candidate, joy Reed said she ran a flawless, flawless campaign that for all of that, ain't nobody talking about her running again in 2028 Weird. If she's that great a candidate, they should be talking about that. Nobody's talking about that. So I think we can all bid a fawn farewell to Kamala Harris from the public scene. We can bid a fawn farewell to Tim Walls, who will be as memorable as Tim Kane, meaning that in about six months time you won't remember who he is except he, he sort of rem reminded one of Don Rickles in some sort of bizarre ways cross between Don Rickles and Gumby.


And, and that's gonna be the the last you hear of Kamala Harris. So once again, goodbye to Kamala Harris. Raise a glass at your exit.


As a man, finding a good pair of pants can feel impossible, but Jack Archer's jet setting tech pants make it easy made with top tier fabric from Japan that resist wrinkles, stains, and keep you comfortable all day. They're perfect for all day office wear, long flights, nights out, and even around a golf. Seriously, these might be the only pants you'll ever need. For a limited time, get 20% off using Code Daily wire@jackarcher.com. That's 20% off your order with Code Daily wire@jackarcher.com.