
In. a world where traditional values are under siege. It's crucial to stay sharp mentally and physically. Enter responsible man, a Daily, Wire, Ventures company that understands what it means to be a pillar of strength. In. these challenging times they've created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the faint of heart, but for men who shoulder their responsibilities with pride. The Emerson Multivitamin contains 33 key ingredients that work in harmony to fortify your immune system, sharpen your mental acuity, and maintain the strength of your heart and muscles. It's not just a vitamin. It's fuel for the culture battle that we face every day. And here's something to make you stand just a little taller. Every Emerson multivitamin is proudly made in the US of a no compromises, no shortcuts, just pure American craftsmanship. Take advantage of responsible Man's fall sale. Visit Responsible Man dot com and use code Daily Wire to get 30% off plus an additional $9 off your first order. But. hurry, because this deal won't last long. Start your journey to better health and a stronger America with responsible man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com code Daily Wire for 30% off. plus an additional $9 off your first order. Responsible Man because true strength comes from within.


You may have heard by now that I have a new movie in THEATERS called Am I. Racist. People across the country have been loving the movie, including a lot of big names in the entertainment industry. Over the past couple of weeks, I've gotten to sit down with some of these people to discuss the movie. We've put together these great moments from the interviews for you two. Enjoy. Here it is, Joe Rogan podcast, checking Out The Joe. Rogan Experience. Your Movie is really funny. It's really funny by myself laughing out loud hysterically today. It's one of the best comedies I've seen in a long time because there's so many moments that are so uncomfortable. That means a lot. I appreciate that. Yeah, that's what we're, what we're hoping For. The Robin D, the Robin D'Angelo one where you gave that guy money for reparations and you got her sheath, thought it was uncomfortable.


It almost feels like satire, but you realize it's not. It's just ridiculous. But you do a great job and you do a really good job of staying calm and dead panning. 'cause I don't, I don't have that skill. I would not be able to hold it together. I would have to start laughing. I would, at some point in time, I would crack. It's just, I wouldn't be able to not enjoy it in the moment to the point where I go, well, you know, that's the thing. You don't enjoy it in the moment because in the, it's actually, it's really unpleasant in the moment. Right? You're in this environment with these Insane people. Yeah. It's like, it's exhausting. You know, listening to this, If I was there and I didn't know you, I'd be like, I think this guy's fucking around.


There's just an edge. Just a touch of it. Just a touch of it that makes it even funnier. Congratulations. It's really funny. It's great. Thank you. And, and I think it's, it's a great way to expose how ridiculous some of this is. These people Exist out there. This is all world that they live in. To Do it the way you did it and just make it a hilarious hour and a half movie is really good. So kudos. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. Congratulations. You Know him as a successful author, podcaster and filmmaker. Matt Welsh's, new documentary, Am I. Racist is in THEATERS now. It's a big hit. You are undercover and I'm just like so worried that you're gonna get found out getting Robin DeAngelo a to actually pay reparations one-to-one to your black director.


Yeah, because she was, she, she was talking the game of systemic racism and then you said, okay, well let's give money right now to my, to my director. Yeah. We kind of, I, I was, 'cause at this point I'm on the journey myself to become a DEI consultant and expert, which I, which I did become one. And by the end of it I was able to teach Robin DeAngelo. 'cause we went through this whole thing and, and, and I gave her, 'cause we were just talking in theory. I said, let's, let's put this into practice right now. And I called my black friend Ben out, who's a producer on the film. And I said, you know, he's black. Let's pay him reparations right now. I paid reparations. And then eventually we convinced Robin D'Angelo to pay as well. Yeah. Although I will say that once the cameras were off, I did take my reparations back.


But I love that uncomfortable silence where you handed money to Ben and then she was like, should I get my purse? You? Yeah. Well maybe Welcome to the Roseanne Bar podcast. You know, I said I only like to talk to Creative Geniuses and I've got one today and he is a good one. Matt Walsh. Hi Matt. Hi. Great to be here. Thanks for having me. I'm so excited because your movie that's being released, it's a big deal. It's got a huge theatrical release, which is a very big deal for Yeah. You know, culture war in the culture war. That's great. 'cause it's funny, I think 'cause you know, you get a lot of good laughs in it, so it's a good date night thing.


Yeah. Or a guy's night out or a girl's night out. I think So you are doing the right thing by making a funny movie. Right, Exactly. So I think because that's really the way to reach people is doing something funny that, you know, just happens to be exposing a grift. Yeah. And that's something that the, the, the left has typically been very good at. Now in recent years, they, they haven't been so good at it because they put the, you know, the, it's interesting in entertainment world anyway, the left is now making kind of the mistake that, you know, Christian films have made for a long time where they're putting the message before the story. So it's nothing but one long homily and people just aren't that interested. Excellent point. Yeah, that's a great point. But I, so, but I think it, it creates an opportunity for someone to come in and make entertainment that's actually entertaining, but also has the message.


And that's one thing that Were these people real, that are in this Movie, They're all real. Yeah. Everyone's real. No actors. Are you kidding? Except for me, if I, but I'm not even an actor. So, so Yeah, those are real. Yeah. They're a hundred percent real. And these are all real things. I mean, you could look these people up and, and you know, if you want to go to your own white grief support group, you can go. And I just would love to thank you for being here today. It was wonderful to talk to you. I Love the film. We saw it. We love it. Matt, he's a, he's a soldier on the front lines. Yeah, he is very brave. He, he makes things turn, but he's there to turn them. Your movie is called Am. I. Racist. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly, welcome to the Megyn, Kelly Show. Joining me now, Matt Walsh, host of the Daily Wires, the Matt Walsh show and star and producer of Am I Racist.


Welcome back Matt. Great to see you. You too, Megan. Thanks for having me. Okay. I watched it last night and I loved it. So I have good news for you. 'cause I watched it with a focus group of two, my husband Doug Brunt, and I watched it together and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Doug brunt enjoyed it even more than I did because Doug, who is very affable and a great guy, is not particularly prone to fits of emotion in any particular way. And he laughed so many times, Matt, he loved your deadpan. You know, just demeanor, your comments. There are so many good ones. It was true genius. So congrats. You were very respectful.


You weren't, you know, in people's faces, but you would keep asking questions when you were told to stop. You would keep like pressing little buttons when you could tell they were on their heels, wondering what the hell had just walked into the room Looking back at it. Of course, it's quite humorous, but when you're in the moments, it's actually not all that funny to me. When you're, when you're really there and you're watching these people, especially these grifters who, who, you know, this is their whole, this is what they do. They, they take normal people and they try to break them down. And it's like this brainwashing session that you see in the movie that goes on over and over again, that Cyra Rao is the most hateful person in this entire film.


She's disgusting. What an absolute pig this person is. She hates America and she hates whites. I mean, deeply hates. Am I wrong? Oh, did I? Wrong at all. She, she says it herself. She says it about America. America's a piece of SI believe she says, or her words, Seeing you needle her and like tweak her and ultimately expose and thus embarrass her is very gratifying. That's how you wind up feeling at the end of this, even though there are infuriating moments. Matt, great to see you. Thank you for everything. Remember, the new film is Am I Racist. Support Matt and go see it.


Mayflower Cigars Where. will the voyage take You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars? Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk, go to Mayflower Cigars dot com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order Some exclusions. apply


Reasons to vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively, researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party to date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning this book is intentionally left blank. Side effects for voting Democrat may include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.