
Hey, small business leaders. Have you ever thought there's gotta be an easier way to do all the busy work with Justworks all in one platform? You can check all the boxes, run payroll in 90 seconds, access premium benefits, take care of tax reports and even higher internationally. Any questions? Reach out to their experts staff for real human support plus transparent pricing guaranteed. Visit justworks.com/podcast to join the thousands of small businesses that trust Justworks to take care of payroll benefits, compliance, and more.


Our DailyWire Black Friday sale, it's here. And you know what that means? It's our best deal of the entire year. We all know how Black Friday works, so you might be thinking maybe the price will drop just a little more. I'm telling you, it will not. This is the absolute lowest price we offer for DailyWire plus Memberships all year long. It only happens once and it's happening right now. If you've been waiting to join the fight, there's no better time than right this moment. Here's just some of what you get with your DailyWire Plus membership. You'll get unlimited access to our full daily shows exactly as they're meant to be heard, completely uncensored, unfiltered, and with limited ads, you'll receive live breaking news alerts and full coverage from the most trusted voices in conservative media. The facts, the truth, the stories the mainstream media won't touch. We tell you what's happening and what to expect next, but that's just the start. Your membership gives you complete access to our investigative journalism. Remember, it was the DailyWire that uncovered FEMA's secret agendas ordering staff to avoid homes with Trump signs. Just this week, we forced a congressional hearing. We took on the global cartel pressuring companies to blacklist conservative media. Within weeks, that agency GAM was obliterated. We challenged the vaccine mandate all the way to the Supreme Court, and we won. Every single day. We're fighting the left, fighting for values, fighting for what's right, and when we fight, we win. It's not just news. You get unlimited access to premium entertainment too. From the number one documentary of the decade, am I racist to the cultural phenomenon? What is a woman along with our groundbreaking series that do more than entertain that reshaping the culture? Here's a bonus. Your DailyWire Plus membership includes full access to our kids' streaming app, bent key at no extra cost bent. Key is what kids entertainment should be. Thrilling adventures, laugh out loud experiences and stories that inspire, not lecture. This is content that entertains while reinforcing the values you want your family to share. Right now, you can get it all for 50% off during our Black Friday sale. I can't stress this enough. This is the best deal of the year. It doesn't get any better. Don't wait. Don't miss it. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Join today. No promo code is needed. We made this as easy as possible. Your membership makes it possible for us to continue to fight the left, build the future, and bring you the truth. The Golden Age of America is coming and the DailyWire is leading the way with your support. Join the fight with us today. Save 50% on your new annual membership. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe to join right now.