
Well, the pick is in President Trump has announced who his vice presidential candidate will be. President Trump, by the way, was formally nominated a few minutes ago, and now he has announced the Vice presidential pick the vice presidential nominee on the Republican side of the aisle. A lot of people had predicted it. The media had suggested it was going to be the case. It is in fact, Ohio Senator JD Vance, the president, put out an announcement on his Truth social page. It says, quote, after lengthy deliberation and thought, and considering the tremendous talents of many others, I have decided that the person best suited to assume the position of Vice president of the United States is Senator JD Vance of the great state of Ohio. JD Honorably served our country in the Marine Corps, graduated from Ohio State University in two years, Summa Cum Loud, and is a Yale Law School graduate where he was editor of the Yale Law Journal and president of the Yale Law Veterans Association j D'S book, hillbilly Elegy became a major bestseller and movie as a champion, the hardworking men and women of our country.


JD has had a very successful business career in technology and finance, and now during the campaign will be strongly focused on the people he fought so brilliantly for the American workers and farmers in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, Minnesota, and far beyond. So you can tell from President Trump's introduction of JD Vance, exactly what he's looking for here. He's looking for somebody with an extremely high iq. JD is a super smart guy. I interviewed JD maybe five, six years ago when Hillbilly Elegy was being made into a movie. You can go check out that interview at our YouTube page. JD is super, super bright. Senator Vance is a very, very smart person. Not only that, he's an excellent articulator of the Trump vision. There's no question about this. When he goes on television, he's an absolute bulldog.


A debate between JD Vance and Kamala Harris should, by all measures, be an absolute bloodbath in favor of JD Vance. Not only that, you can see what Trump is doing here. Strategically speaking. Now, on a strategic level, I think that Trump already has more appeal probably in these Rust Belt Blue Wall states than Vance does. But he's doubling down on that. he figures that rather than try to appeal to say Hispanics with Marco Rubio, he's probably figuring there aren't that many Hispanic voters in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. That's right. He's probably got the Sunbelt already wrapped up, and so he doesn't necessarily need somebody like Marco Rubio who was dismissed. He probably figured that Doug Bergham, the governor of North Dakota, doesn't win him any additional votes because of course, he's the governor of North Dakota.


He's probably figuring, and some of the other candidates who had been discussed really don't bring all that much to the table. What he's figuring is that Vance is going to help him sew up those Rust Belt states. They're going to further solidify his leads right now and by the polls. He is leading in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. He literally says that at the very end of this statement, and he's focusing in on the white working class voter who he believes JD Vance represents. Now, what's fascinating about JD Vance just as a person is that if you read Hillbilly Elegy, it's a very pro free market, anti welfare state manifesto. It basically speaks to the idea that when you make people feel dependent on government, that that is not in fact a substitute for social capital.


It's not a substitute for all the institutions that need a community. They, they need to create a community, things like church, things like family and all of the rest, and, and he seems to have been more involved in, say, industrial policy. The idea that there need to be special economic dispensations made for this area of the country. Again, that's part of Trump's program too. That's nothing new. President Trump has always been pro trade barriers, protectionist trade barriers for this part of the country. JD Vance doubles down on that. Economically speaking, he's certainly less pro-business than somebody like Doug Bergham would be. He's much more populist in sort of his economic formation ideologically than somebody like Bergham. He's very largely a doubling down.


A friend that I was discussing this with, put it this way, and I think it's exactly right, if Trump wanted to go after, say, moderates in Virginia, if he was interested in broadening his base out beyond sort of these Rust Belt states, if he wanted to open up New Hampshire, say then somebody like a Glenn Young can might've been a good pick. But if Trump is very confident that he's going to win, and if what he wants right now is a bulldog, somebody who's just going to be loyal at his side attack the opponent, he's not gonna do better than JD Vance. The, the person who put it this way, Glenn Jenkin is a let's go for 40 states guy, and JD Vance is a it We ride guy, and I think that's a really good description. JD Vance is an Fett. We Ry guy for Donald Trump.


He doubles down on many of Trump's ideologies. He's much more heterodox than say a Mike Pence was in, in Donald Trump's first turn. And and so I, I think that from that perspective, if Donald Trump wants there to be a philosophical Trumpism that outlasts him as president, JD Vance is an excellent pick because the man is extraordinarily young. I mean, the thing to point out about JD Vance is that I'm a fairly young guy in politics. JD is younger than I am, right? JD is, is currently 39 years old. He's only been a United States senator from Ohio since 2023. So he is made huge waves in the Senate in the course of the last year and a half. He's been in the Senate for less time than Barack Obama was when he ran for president in 2008, which is pretty impressive.


And again, when you look at, at JD Vance's resume, it's an extraordinary resume. I mean, you're talking about a a a, not only a New York Times bestselling author, but somebody who's very involved in the tech world. He founded Nira Capital, which is an Ohio based venture, capital F firm with backing from Peter Thiel and Eric Schmidt and Mark Andreessen. And the goal of that was to bring jobs back to Ohio. Again, extremely smart person and a really good arguer. He also happens to be ideologically, shall we say, flexible. And the reason I put that out there is because again, he shifted his position on economics from Hillbilly Elegy to now, but that again, mirrors very much Donald Trump's own ideological flexibility. Donald Trump is not a traditional conservative in any sense of the word.


Donald Trump is a pragmatist who will do what he feels like he has to do in order to get where he needs to go. JD Vance is actually much more like that than any of the other candidates who are up for the position. So for example, here was JD Vance, this is just last week on Meet the Press talking about abortion. And he was asked about the fact that the new Republican platform is much more, shall we say, sanguine about abortion than, than historically. And, and what he said in this particular case is that, again, he's pro-life from the moment of birth, but that doesn't mean that on a state by state level, that is exactly how it should be done. Right. A a again, that's, that's fairly, that's fairly, I think within measure for JD Vance.


Do we have that clip folks? Clip 14 of Senator Vance. Okay. Again, his position on many of these issues has been heterodox. This, the same thing is true with regard to Ukraine. So in Ukraine, the Republican Party has been very split between people who believe very strongly that the war in Ukraine should continue with American funding. And Senator Vance, Senator Vance has taken a very anti Ukraine stance in that particular war. Now, he's, he has taken the position that, that Donald Trump was respected in the world and the war never would've happened with regard to Trump. And the thing about Vance, I think that you can suspect is that he's going to be ex, he's gonna staple himself to Trump's position. So if Donald Trump says that he believes that Ukraine must be funded up until the point there's an off ramp with Russia, then I would imagine that that JD would probably mirror that.


Do we have the clip of JD Vance talking about Ukraine? All right. So in any case, as Senator Vance, I apologize for the technical snafus. Senator Vance is, is a fascinating character. You're gonna learn a lot more about him. He's been considered sort of the nerve, the nerve sensor political calls him the nerve sensor of the new right Here is where the vulnerability lies for Senator Vance in this race. So if you're Donald Trump and you wanted to go with the least controversial person in the race, it certainly would not be Senator Vance. Right? Senator Vance, there's been a lot of media coverage of him. Again, because he is heterodox and because he takes positions, there's sort of contra the traditional Republican party. There's been a lot of focus on him, particularly in terms of foreign policy. Politico did a very, very long magazine piece on him just back in March in which they labeled him.


Is there something more radical than maga, JD Vance is dreaming it. So if, if Joe Biden is seeking to up the ante on the argument that Donald Trump is a threat to the republic, that Donald Trump is dangerous to the country, then JD Vance is gonna be the new bogey man. And what you could see from the Biden campaign, just speaking politically, what you could see from the Biden campaign is an attempt to swivel its guns away, figuratively speaking from Trump and toward JD Vance, because if they feel like they can't really go after Donald Trump, because Donald Trump is sort of invulnerable publicly, JD Vance obviously has, has said a lot of things over the course of the last couple of years. So for example, even this week, JD Vance, in the immediate aftermath of the assassination attempt, he said, today is not just some isolated incident. The central premise of the Biden campaign is that President Donald Trump is an authoritarian fascist who must be stopped at all costs.


That rhetoric led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination. Now, again, I don't think that's totally untrue. I think it's a little overstated when he says it led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination. Yeah, I, I think that it's fair to say that it raised the temperature radically. We don't actually have the evidence as to what the shooter, did he leave a manifesto? Was he quoting President Biden? And even so somebody saying something that is not, in fact, technical incitement is not tantamount to that person actually going and doing the shooting. If it were, then you'd have to lay a lot of responsibility at the feet of President Trump for bad things that his followers have done in the past. And that's something I'm not willing to do. Vance, in other words, is very, very aggressive. And because Vance is very aggressive, I think that's probably why Trump picked him.


That's probably why Trump picked him, is because he's incredibly aggressive. And again, he's a VP candidate. That's what VP candidates are supposed to be. He's a bulldog of bulldogs. And that is the thing more than anything else that I think endeared him to President Trump. Again, his ideological flexibility here is an asset. It is not, in fact a, a detriment, I think, to President Trump. Remember, JD Vance was not a fan of President Trump back in 2016. He's on the record saying a lot of things that were not particularly praiseworthy of Donald Trump back in 2016. Now, he has become an extremely significant backer of President Trump. And I think, again, that is one of the things that, that so many people in Trump world are very fond of. He has a lot of support among Donald Trump's immediate circle.


Obviously, Donald Trump Jr. Is very close with Senator Vance. Kevin Roberts at the Heritage Foundation is very close with Senator Vance. So he has a lot of allies in high places as well. He should. So it'll be fascinating to see if JD can shift his sort of image away from, from being the, the hard-nosed bulldog and tore something more unifying if in fact, that is what President Trump is seeking to do as the campaign moves forward from here on in, it's a very confident pick by President Trump. It is definitely not a risk averse pick. We'll put it that way. It's not a risk averse pick by President Trump. It's not a safe pick by President Trump. It's an audacious pick by President Trump, for sure. Now, again, we have some of the, we have some of the reactions from, from some of the other sort of political figures in the ball game here.


Senator Rubio put out a tweet praising the pick. So Senator Rubio's tweet on the pick was just Trump fans 2024 triple exclamation point. Rubio, of course, had been up for it, but about five hours ago, he humorously tweeted it, dismissed because it was, he was told that it wasn't him. Chris Ruffo, who has been just an absolute asset to the conservative movement, a true fighter in the movement, a unique figure in the conservative movement. He is very celebratory of the pick. He says, congratulations to JD Vance, the best choice for Vice President. JD adds dimensionality to Trump and can help cultivate a counter elite in tech, finance, and law has already introduced a legislation to abolish DEI and will make the case with poise and brilliance.


Let's go Ilhan Omar. For her part, she had a, a quick reaction, and anything Ilhan Omar hates is probably a good thing. She says, this should be interesting. And then there's just a quote of past things that, that he has said about Trump. In, in past texts, JD had said that, that Trump might quote unquote, might be America's Hitler, might be a cynical, a-hole cultural heroine, noxious and reprehensible. But that's all from 2016. And again, you'd be hard pressed to find a major Republican politician who is up for VP who had not said things about Donald Trump circa 2016. So that's nothing new there. Vivek Ramaswamy for his part, was very enthusiastic about the pick of Senator Vance. One of the reasons is there's some speculation that Vivek may actually want to fill the open seat that has been left by Senator Vance.


I find it hard to believe that Ohio Governor, Mike DeWine, is gonna go along with that. Baba ve, of course, is very enthusiastic about the pick as well. Donald Trump Jr. Tweeted Biden, is stuck with the worst VP in the history of our nation. President Trump has one of the most dynamic young leaders in the country in JD Vance. We also have incredible patriots like Governor Bergham, Senator Marco Rubin, and countless others will work their tails off to get my father elected this November. Our party has never been more unified, certainly around Donald Trump. That is true. Vi wma Swami put out a tweet saying So proud of my friend, classmate and fellow Southwest Ohioan today. We used to watch Bengals games at the bar in law school. It's awesome. We're here now a decade later with JD joining the strongest presidential ticket in our lifetime.


He'll be an outstanding vp. I look forward to everything ahead for him and for our country. And again, I, I think a lot of Republicans at this point are very much looking forward to JD Vance, debating Kamala Harris, that, that, that, that is going to be, it should just be an epic beat down. I mean, JD is so much smarter than Kamala Harris and so much more facile and and fast on his feet than than Kamala Harris. So again, very confident pick. That's gonna be the big news maker from the convention. Obviously, you know, the fact that, that the, the president of the United States went in this direction is I think a shock to a lot of people in the kind of conventional Republican party who wanted to see him go with Mike Pence. But he, it really is more of a testament than anything else to the unique appeal of Donald Trump.


Back in 2016, Donald Trump picked Mike Pence because what he felt about Vice President Pence is that it would help him shore up his support in evangelical circles. He knew that because of his social issues, moderation, because of his own, sorry, shall we say, diverse personal history, that there were going to be a lot of evangelical Christians who had a tough time with him. Mike Pence was meant to quiet those crowds, and, and he effectively did that. That pick was very good for that. This pick from Vance is not likely to quiet any particular crowd. This pick from Vance is very likely to open a, a bunch of arguments on a bunch of different sides. But what Trump is really saying here is that he's a big enough figure that he can overcome all of that, and that that is a fascinating thing.


This will be the most controversial VP pick probably since Sarah Palin, right? If you think of other VP picks historically speaking, then what you're looking at is in terms of VP picks since say, 2000. Dick Cheney, not a particularly controversial fellow at the time, he'd been former Secretary of Defense, of course, he was somebody who's well established in politics. He's from a small state, Wyoming. I I, if you look at 2008, John McCain, that was the big most controversial pick, Sarah Palin, he outta left field and turned out to be a rather disastrous pick for John McCain. My general view of Vice Presidential picks is that Vice presidential picks rarely win you anything, but they certainly can lose you a lot. So this is certainly a riskier pick from a political point of view for Donald Trump than some of these other picks that were on the table.


It is also just an element of Donald Trump's unconventional confidence that that dude is confident, and frankly, he should be. Right now, he's winning in every poll right now. He's winning in all the swing states. There's literally no reason why he should not be confident at this point. Okay. I believe all those clips are now in, so let's go through some of what JD has had to say historically speaking on some of these issues. So here is, here is JD talking about abortion? This is a little bit earlier. Again, JD is a pro-lifer, but he's willing to be pragmatic about his positions in order to help Donald Trump, which I think is one of the appeals here. On the question of the abortion pill, what so many of us have said is that, look, we, we certainly don't, the Supreme Court made a decision saying that the American people should have access to that medication.


Donald Trump has supported that opinion. I support that opinion. I think it's important to say that we, we actually have to have an important conversation in this country about what our abortion policy should be. Donald Trump is the pragmatic leader here. He's saying most abortion policy is gonna be decided by the states. We wanna make it easier and more affordable for young women and parents to have families to begin with. We wanna lower housing costs. Yeah, eliminate the surprise medical bills that so many families see after they have a baby. That's the Trump and Republican approach to this issue. Meanwhile, Joe Biden wants taxpayer payer funded senator, abortion senator up to the moment of birth. Again, listen to our articulate, JD is in articulating what is a fairly unpopular position with the right, that is not a full pro-life position that Jude is articulating there.


That is exactly what Trump is going for. He's much more pragmatic on a lot of these issues than maybe some of the other candidates who are up for the position. Historically speaking. Here was JD Vance, who's being incredibly militant about the attempts to convict Donald Trump. Again, this is again, another thing that, that Donald Trump is looking for. He's looking for a candidate who is going to be a bulldog on his own behalf. Well, Kristen, first of all, you said that it happens all the time that the number three person in the Department of Justice jumps ship to join a local prosecutor's office to go after the president's political opponent. I don't think that's ever happened in the history of American democracy, and I don't think that we should legitimize it. Now, if Donald Trump's attorney General had his, his number two or his number three jump ship to a local prosecutor's office in Ohio or Wisconsin, and that person then went after Donald Trump's political opposition, that's a different conversation.


Senator. All he's suggesting is that we should investigate credible arguments of wrongdoing. That's all that Donald Trump is saying. That is not a threat to democracy. So that's merely reinforcing our system of law and government. So, a again, yeah, he's very, he's super articulate demands a Yale Law School graduate. Okay? He was like on the Yale Law Review. Thi this guy is very, very, very, he's the editor of the Yale Law Journal. He's super smart. He's super duper smart, and I think that, you know, that combined with his populism is definitely of appeal to Trump. He also has very strong tech ties. Obviously, he's tied to Peter Thiel, who is one of the major funders of his original campaign, and Peter has been a big trunk backer really since the beginning. Here is JD Vance on Ukraine, talking about the, the sort of absurdity of suggesting that Trump is pro Russia.


The Democrat's argument here is so inconsistent with reality. Russia took ter territory under the Bush administration. It took territory under the Obama administration. It took territory under the Biden administration. It took zero territory under the Trump administration because Vladimir Putin actually respected Donald Trump, and he hasn't respected any of these other clowns. That's the most important thing when it comes to Putin's aggression in Europe. And the Democrats arguments are absurd. So here's the thing about Vance, okay, again, I'm, I'm pointing out his iq. 'cause IQ actually does matter in these cases. The big problem for Sarah Palin is the minute that she was put on the national stage, she collapsed like a house of cards. She was asked questions like, what books do you read?


If you ask JD Vance that question, you will get a library. JD is a super, super smart person. So even if he's articulating positions that aren't necessarily polling amazing, he's going to articulate them as well as anybody in the business. Here's JD Van on nato. Now, on the question of nato, what Trump has said very clearly is that Europe has to step up. America cannot be the policeman of the world. We want NATO to be a strong alliance. We don't want NATO countries to be welfare clients of the United States. If Vladimir Putin is a significant threat to Europe, then the Germans have to step up, the French have to step up. They need to do more for their own security, and I think that argument actually lands not just with a lot of Americans, but with a lot of Europeans.


They are not our clients. We want NATO to be a strong alliance, but for that to be the case, the Europeans have gotta step up. Yep. Again, excellent representative of the Donald Trump perspective on all of that. And you know, unless, unless people believe that he's like a full scale isolationist, he's not actually a full scale isolationist that's being exaggerated by some of the media. He's certainly more isolationist slash realist than many of the Republicans who are possibilities certainly than somebody like a Nikki Haley. But he's not a full scale isolationist. Here he was from May talking about the big failure of the Biden administration and the Middle East being its failure to continue the work done by President Trump in bringing together the Middle East around a Sunni Jewish alliance against Shia Islamism in Iran.


Here he was talking about Israel finishing the job with Kamas. The final point here, Dana, I think is very important. Our goal in the Middle East should be to allow the Israelis to get to some good place with the Saudi Arabians and other Gulf Arab states. There is no way that we can do that unless the Israelis finish the job with Hamas. If they can't even do that, the attitude in the Middle East will be, you can't trust these guys. Yeah. They're not pursuing their own national security. So we've gotta let them finish this job, and I think hopefully on the other end of it, get to a new era in the Middle East. Okay? Now again, the angles are open on Vance in a way. They would not have been on a popular Purple State governor like a Glenn Jenkin.


Again, from a strategic point of view, I think that Glenn Jenkin would've been a smarter pick than JD Vance from a purely, Donald Trump doesn't give an F, and he's ready and raring to go, and he's going to skew his legacy by putting in place a very young, very charismatic vice president who is super capable. Then Vance does that, again, I've said it multiple times here, this is a confident pick, just descriptively speaking, it's a very, very confident pick by President Trump. It is not a risk averse pick. It is not an attempt to sort of broaden out and win states that he has never won before. It's an attempt to win the states he's won before and maybe pick up Nevada. Now, he might pick up more states than that anyway, just because Joe Biden is such an awful, awful candidate, but you can see the angles opening up already. So Joe Biden immediately tweeted out, here's the thing about JD Vance.


He talks a big game about working people, but now he and Trump wanna raise taxes on middle class families while pushing more tax cuts for the rich. I don't intend to let them, if you're with me pitching, I, by the way, I'm amazed by Biden's angle on that. Like if he thinks he's gonna go after JD Vance as two right wing on industrial policy, I mean, good luck that's gonna that, that that is a bizarre move by Joe Biden. But you'll see them kind of try and move and stick around, try, try to figure out exactly what is the sort of best way to attack JD Vance. And again, because JD has been in the news so much, there is a lot more possibility of them finding something, but I'm not sure that Donald Trump cares. I think what Donald Trump feels right now is that he's winning a race.


that he is that, that there is really no reason for him to shy away from his own positions or pick a vp. I think one of the things that's first and foremost in his mind is his belief that Mike Pence was not sufficiently stalwart in his favor after November 6th in the last election cycle. And what he's figuring is he needs somebody who is going to be by his side all the way. And so that sort of trust in JD Vance can't be undone. I think that's really what this tick, this pick more than anything else about. I mean, there have been some theories out there that maybe he's putting JD Vance in place as assassination insurance, that, that if there are forces that hate Donald Trump so much, they want to kill him. They don't wanna kill him and get JD Vans, who is even more Trumpy positionally than than Donald Trump is sometimes.


Whatever the rationale, it's an audacious, it's a bull pick. It is a whole new generation in American politics. JD Vance. The things about him that you cannot doubt are his articulateness. You cannot doubt his iq. You cannot doubt his ability to fight. You cannot doubt that he is a bulldog. So it's a bull pick, and all that's left now is to see how that works out. Obviously, we'll be introduced to JD Vans on a national level. Those of us who don't watch it super closely, we'll be introduced to JD Vance on a national level come Wednesday night when he gives the keynote address as the vice presidential nominee of the Republican Party. The ticket is now set, and we now turn our attention toward making the case why Republican ideas are the best for the future of the country. Ideas that will lead to the election of Trump Vance in November, and make it Donald Trump once again, the 47th president of the United States.


If you want all the updates, if you wanna be in the news, if you wanna be in the fight, become a Daily Wire member today with a special presidential discount, 47% off your annual membership@dailywire.com slash subscribe when you use Code Fight. I appreciate you sticking with me during this live break into the news, and I'm sure there'll be many more like it in the days to come see you in a bit.


I'd like to talk to you about a new book, Full-Time, work in The Meaning of Life by David Boson, in a time where work is being heralded as the cause of societal pain, depression, and anxiety. Full-time is screaming the exact opposite that we're created to work, and that our work provides unique meaning and purpose in our lives. We are living in a crisis of apathy and ignorance regarding work's existential nature. There's no shortage of books telling people to work less, to find balance, to think less of career, and more of things that bring them happiness in full time. Bonin makes the case that our understanding of work and it role in our lives is deeply flawed. He argues that the time has come to stop tiptoeing around the issues that matter, that separating one's identity from what they do is demonstrably false, and that a low view of work is leading to disastrous policy, proposals and cultural attitudes. It is in work of every kind that we discover our meaning and purpose. A significant and successful life is one rooted in full-time, productivity, and cultivation of God's created world. A life of meaning is right under your nose, and with it the joy and peace of a life well lived available for purchase at Amazon and Barnes and Noble. Visit full-time book.com for more information. That's full-time book.com.