
Folks, we have a bunch of breaking news from the Supreme Court of the United States. This of course is a Ben Reacts and we can only bring you Ben Reacts thanks to our sponsors.


So this is why I'm now going to tell you about the creditors who profit from your debt. They benefit when you are trapped in high interest payments. They want you drowning in student loans, medical debt, credit cards, debt, and expensive mortgages. Because financial strain makes you easier to control, it's time to take back control and fight back, and that's where PDS debt comes in. PDS debt understands your financial situation is unique, look beyond just numbers to create a personalized plan specifically for you. There's no minimum credit score required to get help. Their goal is to help you save more payoff debt faster, put money back where it belongs in your pocket. Their reputation speaks for itself. PDS Debt maintains an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and a perfect five star rating on Trustpilot, it has successfully helped hundreds of thousands of people break free from debt and regain their financial independence. If you ever know somebody who's in debt, it is brutal. If you are in debt, it is absolutely brutal. Well, you are 30 seconds away from being debt free. Get your free debt assessment and fine. The best option for you right now at PDS Debt dot com slash shapiro. That's PDS Debt dot com slash shapiro PDS Debt dot com slash shapiro.


Okay, so the Supreme Court had a bevy of decisions today. The three biggest decisions all came down in favor of President Trump. So the first major decision was a case concerning the question of President Trump's executive order on birthright citizenship. So as you'll recall, the president back on January 20th, 2025 when he first took over office from Joe Biden, he issued an order restricting birthright citizenship to apply only to kids who have one biological parent who's a US citizen or a lawful permanent resident. The basic idea was that If you come across the border, you and your spouse, you are both illegal immigrants. Then you have a baby in the United States. That baby, according to this executive order, really should not be counted as an American citizen because that kid is according to the Trump administration's argument, subject to the jurisdiction of another state, wherever they are from, they're not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States because they're not citizens of the United States.


Well, this case is not really about the content of the executive order. It really is about the injunction that was then issued by a district court judge. That's what this case was about. And what this case found again by a six three majority, the conservatives on the case made, made the case by a six three majority. The conservatives found that nationwide injunctions are not a thing that has been a massive problem for the Trump administration ever since President Trump took over district court judges, essentially based on one lawsuit, deciding that they are just going to enforce whatever they think is their decision nationwide. They'll put a nationwide stop on any policy passed by the Presidents of the United States via executive order, and there is no precedent for that.


And that's exactly what the court found. The court looked at this and what the court found is that there is in fact no basis to suggest that any district court judge across the country has the unilateral ability to simply implement whatever its opinion is for the entire country. That is not a thing Justice Amy Coney Barrett, again, I'm just gonna point out there are a lot of people on the right who don't understand exactly how the judiciary works or how jurisprudence works. Just because a Republican appoints a justice doesn't mean that justice is always going to vote the way that Republican would want. It also does not mean that that person is now some sort of David Suiter stealth Leb left wing candidate, and that is certainly not true of justice. Amy Coney Barrett, who delivered the opinion of the court again, the vote was six to three, the usual split the Republican appointees on one side, the Democratic appointees on the other Justice Barrett delivered the opinion of the court.


She said the United States has filed three emergency applications challenging the scope of a federal court's authority to enjoin government officials from enforcing an executive order. Traditionally, courts issued injunctions prohibiting executive officials from enforcing a challenged law or policy only against the plaintiffs in the lawsuit. In other words, if I sue you in federal court or if I sue the federal government in federal court, an injunction is placed. That injunction is placed for my case. It's not placed for everyone across the country who is quote unquote similarly situated. The injunctions before us today says Justice Barrett reflect a more recent development district Courts asserting the power to prohibit it. Enforcement of a law or policy against anyone. These injunctions known as universal injunctions likely exceed the equitable authority that Congress has granted to federal courts.


Remember, the scope of power held by the federal courts is defined by the Constitution of the United States or by Congress, but there is no third source of judicial power where the court gets to decide its own levels of power. So the court found that the government's applications have been granted to partially state the injunctions entered below, and that makes perfect sense. Again, the basic issue here is that there is nothing in the history of the US judicial system that suggests universal injunctions from district court's. RA thing. As the court points out, universal injunctions were not a feature of federal court litigation until sometime in the 20th century. The DC circuit issued what some regard as the first universal injunction in 1963.


Yet such injunctions remained rare until the turn of the 21st century when their use gradually accelerated. The bottom line, the universal injunction was conspicuously non-existent for most of our nation's history, its absent from 18th and 19th century equity practice settles the question of judicial authority that the absence continued into the 20th century renders any claim of historical pedigree even more implausible. Faced with this timeline, the principle dissent accuses us of misunderstanding the nation, the nature of equity as being frozen in amber at the time of the Judiciary Act. Not so we said it before and said it again. Equity is flexible at the same time. Its its flexibility is confined within the broad boundaries of traditional equitable relief. In other words, you can't just randomly make up universal injunctions and then start applying them without any sort of limitation.


Now, now the court goes out of its way to smack down justice hit Brown Jackson's dissent, which is truly a crazy dissent. I mean, her dissent in this case essentially says that because she feels like it, any district court judge should be able to issue any nationwide injunction against the executive branch. And as Justice Amy Coney Barrett points out in the opinion, the principle dissent focuses on conventional legal terrain. Terrain like the Judiciary Act of 1789 in our cases on equity. Justice Jackson, however, chooses a starting line of attack that is tethered neither to these sources, nor frankly to any doctrine whatsoever waving away attention to the limits on judicial power. As a mind numbing technical query, she offers a vision of the judicial role that would make even the most ardent offender of judicial supremacy blush in her telling the fundamental role of courts is to order everyone to follow the law full stop, and she warns of courts lack the power to require the executive to adhere to a law universally, courts will leave a gash in the basic tenets of our founding charter that could turn out to be a mortal wound.


Well, as the court points out, that's kind of crazy. So basically in her vision, a district court's opinion is not just persuasive, But it has the legal force of a total and final judgment. It's basically like a district court is the Supreme Court of the United States. The court says, we'll not dwell on Justice Jackson's argument, which is at odds with more than two centuries worth of precedent. Not to mention the Constitution itself. We observe only this justice Jackson Decre Decries an imperial executive while embracing an imperial judiciary, which of course is the point or the left. The answer always and forever is more power to whatever branch is useful to them. There is no actual through line to their jurisprudence. This has always been the problem with constitutional jurisprudence from the left.


Okay, so that is the first major case that came down in favor of President Trump. That is Trump versus Casa. Second major case came down in favor of the right. That case is called Mahmud versus Taylor. The basis for this case is that Christian and Muslim parents in Montgomery County, Maryland sued the local school board for revoking an opt-out option for kids when lgbtq plus minus divided by sign themed storybooks are used in elementary classrooms. So basically they're just going to force kids to listen to lgbtq plus minus divided by sign prop without notifying parents or allowing them the possibility of opt-out. And Muslim and Christian families sued. They said, this violates our freedom of religion.


The parents again argue that this is not just teaching people what the law is. It actually is encouraging a particular moral point of view at odds with the religious practice of the parents. Justice Samuel Alito, who's excellent on religious liberty issues, delivered the opinion of the court. Again, this is a six three ruling Republican appointees on the one side Democratic appointees on the other. Justice Alito says, the Board of Education of Montgomery County Maryland has introduced a variety of lgbtq plus minus divided by sign inclusive storybooks into the elementary school curriculum. These books and associated educational instructions provided to teachers are designed to disrupt children's thinking about sexuality and gender. The board has told parents it will not give them notice when the books are going to be used and that their children's attendance during these periods is mandatory.


Now again, that's an extraordinary thing. I remember when I went to public school, I went to public middle school. When I went to public middle school, we reached the age where L-A-U-S-D decided that it was necessary that you be taught sex ed. And my parents who had already taught me about sex, did not wish to have a bunch of left-wing ad props shoveled into my brain by a bunch of public school educators. And so they opted me out and they were allowed to opt me out because religious freedom and all that. Well, this particular school district said, no, you cannot opt out no matter what you do today says the court we hold that parents have shown they're entitled to a preliminary injunction. A government burdens the religious exercise of parents when it requires them to submit their children to instruction. That poses a very real threat of undermining the religious beliefs and practices the parents wish to instill.


And a government cannot condition the benefit of free public education on parents' acceptance of such instruction. Based on these principles, we conclude the parents are likely to succeed in their challenge to the board's policies. And justice Alito goes into excruciating detail pointing out what exactly happens in these books that are being taught to extremely small children about sexual fluidity, gender identity, same sex marriage, and all the rest. And it is very, very obvious, very clear of course that the goal here is not just to teach what the law is nationally in the United States, that men can marry men and women can marry women. The idea here is that it's supposed to be upheld as a moral good and you can't opt out.


You're not allowed to opt out according to the local school district. So says the Supreme Court under Justice Alitos majority opinion to begin we hold, the parents are likely to succeed on their claim. The board's policies unconstitutionally burden their religious exercise. We start by describing the nature of the religious practice at issue here and explaining why it is burdened at its heart. The free exercise clause of the First Amendment protects the ability of those who hold religious beliefs of all kinds to live out their faiths in daily life through performance of religious acts. And for many people of faith across the country, there are few religious acts more important than religious education of their children. And so if that is contravened by the public school system, overthrown by the public school system, if parents are told that they cannot actually educate their kids as they see fit by the public school system, by opting them out of politically charged material like this, that's a violation of the First Amendment.


In light of the record before us as the court, we hold that the board's introduction of the lgbtq plus minus divided by sign inclusive storybooks, combined with its decision to withhold notice to parents and to forbid opt-outs substantially interferes with the religious development of their children and imposes the kind of burden on religious exercise that the Supreme Court has PR previously found unacceptable. And as they point out, like many books targeted at young children, the books are unmistakably normative. They're clearly designed to present certain values and beliefs as things to be celebrated and certain contrary values and beliefs as things to be rejected. So one book, for example, is called Prince and Night. And it clearly conveys the message that same-sex marriage should be accepted by all as they cause for celebration.


The young reader is guided to feel distressed at the prince's, failure to find a princess and then to celebrate when the prince finally meets his male partner. The book relates that quote on the two men's wedding day, the air filled with cheer and laughter for the prince and his shining night would live happily ever after. Though celebrating the same-sex wedding are not just family members and close friends, but the entire kingdom for young children to whom this and other storybooks are targeted, such celebration is liable to be processed as having moral connotations. Well, yes, of course, that's the entire frame of the thing. It is designed to be that thing very clearly. The dissent, of course, suggests that If you allow for parents to religiously raise their children, then you will not be able to teach kids about evolution or whatnot. But that's not what these cases are about.


Again, what these cases are about are not factual matters. If you are teaching kids in school at an appropriate age, that in the United States men can marry men and women can marry women thanks to a fel, and then you say there's no opt-out for that, that at least is arguable. But If you are teaching third graders that it is a positive good, an excellent, positive good or boys to marry boys, girls to marry girls, boys to be girls, girls to be boys and all the rest, that of course is what Justice Alito calls a chilling vision of the power of the state to strip away the critical rights of parents to guide the religious development of their children. Okay, so that is the second big opinion today.


Justice Thomas has a great concurrence. Of course, I'm a huge justice Thomas Stan. He points out that this shouldn't really be restricted just to lgbtq plus minus divided by science stuff. It should also be extended to sex education. He says, what is now labeled sex education is a 20th century innovation. The practice of teaching sexuality and gender identity to very young children at school appears to be significantly more recent than even typical sex education. Although the plaintiffs placed the storybook curriculum's, recency and lack of historical pedigree and issue, the board failed to identify any tradition of teaching children sexuality and gender, much less a tradition of preventing parents from opting their children out of such instruction. Okay, so that is the the second big case decided in favor of conservatives and religious people as well, the Trump administration case.


And then there is the religious freedom case. And then finally there's a third decision. Justice Thomas wrote the Deciding Opinion in Free Speech Coalition versus Paxton. There's a 2023 Texas law that required porn sites to verify age for access. And that law applied to any site where at least one third of the content is deemed to be harmful to minors. And originally opponents said this is a violation of the First Amendment because regulations have to meet strict scrutiny standards. Texas says this is not a content-based restriction. Rational basis. Review is appropriate because there's a compelling interest protecting children from harmful material online and it's narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling government interest.


And the court finds alongside the state of Texas in this particular case, justice Thomas says, Texas like many states, prohibits the distribution of sexually explicit content to children. But although that prohibition may be effective against brick and mortar stores, it is proved challenging to enforce against online content. In effort to address this problem, Texas enacted HB 1181, which requires certain commercial websites that publish sexually explicit content to verify the ages of their visitors. This requirement furthers the lawful end of preventing children from accessing sexually explicit content. It burdens adult visitors of those websites who all agree have a First Amendment right to access at least some of the content the websites publish. They granted cert Cary to decide whether these burdens likely render that law unconstitutional.


We hold, they do not. The power to require age verification is within a state's authority to prevent children from accessing sexually explicit content. It's a constitutionally permissible exercise of that authority. It's not an undue burden. It is not some gigantic burden for somebody who's above the age of 18 to type in their age. That's the basic finding. The fact that, again, the three liberals on the court found this to be some sort of violation of core First Amendment. Liberty is insane. By the way. I would've gone on further. Pornography should not ve covered by the First Amendment. It's a case that Robert Bork famously made back in the 1970s. The notion that the founding fathers were sitting around talking about the necessity of accessing pornography when they wrote the First Amendment is insane. In fact, there were pornography laws on the books of, I believe every state at the time of the founding.


But put all of that aside. The bottom line here is that the three big decisions that came down today via the Supreme Court are all in favor of conservatives. And that makes sense. That makes this the most conservative term in modern Supreme Court history. Other than the last couple of Supreme Court terms, it cannot be overstated how important it was that Donald Trump won the 2016 election. Because If you not won the 2016 election, you would have a left wing bench cramming down the worst form of left-wing radicalism imaginable via the Supreme Court. Alright folks, I'm sure we'll have tons more about this on Monday's show. Have yourself a great weekend.