
Hey folks, Ben Shapiro here. Do not miss our latest episode of Daily Wire Backstage. Join me and Matt Walsh from Washington DC Jeremy Boring Andrew, Rick Klavan. Michael Moles. They were stuck at hq. As we discuss everything State of the Union related, we'll give you a behind the scenes peak. We were joined by Tom Holman, our border Czar. It's awesome stuff. Take a listen.


Welcome to Daily Wire Backstage Live coverage of Donald Trump's address to Congress. Some people will call it a State of the Union. Some people will get onto us if we do call it a State of the Union, it's very controversial. It will look exactly like a state of the Union, and I think that's really what matters. I'm joined here in Nashville by Andrew Klavin and Michael Knowles. Of course, I'm your host, Jeremy Boring. And joining us remotely from the Capitol itself. Tonight we have Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh. There's an empty chair, which we were saving for Elijah, but it has now been filled, and the man filling it is the former acting director of ICE. And the current borders are in the second Trump administration. Tom Holman, thank you for being with us. Thanks for having me. If you are not a Daily Wire Plus member, here's what you're missing.


Ad free uncensored shows from the most trusted names in the conservative media. Plus Andrew Klavin. If you're not watching Daily Wire Plus, you're not getting the full show. Plus exclusive investigative journalism. First access to what's next. And if you join now, you can take part in the live chat where you can ask us questions during the live show Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Obviously a really big night, the sort of triumphal return of Donald Trump to the Capitol as now the 47th president. What can we expect tonight, Ben? Well, I mean, I think that you're gonna expect a very enthusiastic Republican reception. We had heard from the speaker that we are expecting a bunch of Democrats to show up with empty egg cartons, and they're gonna wave 'em at the President about egg prices.


That'll show him noise makers. And they're, they're gonna try and disrupt as many things as possible, but they've been unable to disrupt the agenda thus far. And so I think they're gonna have a, a rough time of it tonight. But, you know, we'd be remiss. We don't get to sit what the borders are very often. So borders are to home. What are you expecting tonight? I expect President Trump to educate American people on the facts of the border. That what he did in three weeks, Biden administration failed to do 'em four years. We had the lowest border numbers in the history of the United States border. And that's not an exaggeration. Last month we had the fewest number of encounters in the history of this nation. And President Trump did that in four weeks. So think what he's going to do in the next 47 months.


So we got the most secure border ever. Right now we got a little bit more work to do ice and record amount, amount to rest in the interior. So, and as we, as the president secures the border, here's what I hope people take away tonight, when you have 97% less people coming border patrol now on the border, a hundred percent engaged, a hundred percent on duty. Not changing diapers, not making baby formula, not making hospital runs, means we seize more fentanyl. Less Americans die from fentanyl. We arrest more traffickers. So less women, children of sex traffick, we got less No inspected terrorists get in the way in this country. The God aways alone under Biden averaged 1800 God aways The day that we know of the other day, it's 41.


And we're gonna get that down to zero. So we're gonna have total operational control of our southern border, will be the first time in history. Just, Just to state the obvious, that, so when the media tries to claim that, well, the, the, the deportation numbers aren't as high as what Trump promised, that the point is that the border is being secure. So we're not having the people come in. Right, Exactly. They're, they're counting the numbers of what was removed. Look, president Trump can remove 90% of people coming across the board's, not deportation. Numbers are still gonna be lower than Biden ev even if Biden deported 10% because they brought millions of people in. Yeah. Understanding In one month total of 8,000. 8,000 in one month.


And un and under Joe Biden, we're doing 11,000 a day. I, I don't Mean so saying it's not, it's a big game changer. And I say every day, and I'll say it tonight, president Trump proves every day why he's the greatest president in my lifetime. It doesn't seem possible that the administration could have made this accomplishment, because I was under the impression that it was impossible to secure the border unless we voted for Joe Biden's comprehensive Immigration Reform package. So somewhere I just got bad information. Well, look, the President Trump did it before this administration knew how to fix it. Yeah. And they just didn't choose to fix it.


This isn't what Biden did was not mismanagement, was not encompassed. It's by design. They knew exactly what they were doing. He ran on open borders. He said he is gonna shelter down ice detention. He said he is gonna put a moratorium on, on deportations. He says he wanted to give free healthcare to illegal aliens. The promises he made, we knew the whole country, the whole world's gonna come to the greatest nation on Earth when he offer all these, all these giveaways with no consequences. They knew how to fix it. They refused to do it again. What they failed to do in four years, Donald Trump did in three weeks. You know, Mr. Holman, I'm sorry, Tom Holman. So, Mr. Holman, Ben, Ben just mentioned that the Democrat lawmakers are planning to interrupt the speech with all sorts of noise makers and make a general nuisance of themselves.


I know you're busy, sir, but would it be possible for you to deport them as well? Please Don't tempt me. Don't tempt me. 'cause you know, I've been fighting with the, the, the Democrat side of the house for a long time. But la especially the last couple of days that there's gonna be members of Congress sitting in the audience tonight who are educating criminal illegal aliens, how to evade law enforcement. They say, well, we're educating them as a Constitution of Rights. Okay, claim what you want. We all know what you're doing. You're, you're, you're educating those. How do we obey law enforcement? Don't open your doors. Don't answer questions, you know, hide. And these are Congress people that begged that these people had a right to claim asylum.


'em, they got a right to see a judge. They got a right to due process. And that happened. They had that due process, but 90% have been order removed. So if we don't execute the final decision of the courts, there is no due process. It means nothing. You can't demand due process. Ignore the final decision of the courts. If we do that, then must as well just shut down immigration courts. Take the border off the border. There's no consequences. You can't ask to, to implement a system of laws and ignore the final result. And that's why we're going to have a massive with deportation operations. 'cause millions of people cross this border. 90% we get an order of removal, we gotta remove them. So any member of Congress who wants to educate, and we made it clear, Trump administration gonna concentrate in, in this the worst of the worst, worst public safety threats.


Right? I can't believe any member of Congress wants to educate an illegal alien who's been convicted of a serious offense's, got order removal at their due process at great taxpayer expense, and wants to educate 'em on the date arrest. To me, they are resigned their position as member of Congress could, doing the complete opposite what American taxpayers expect. What Can I ask you about? What about the, the Democrat mayors and governors who have promised, claimed in some cases, claim that they're gonna harbor illegal aliens in their own homes. Have you found that they're actually doing this? That, that what, what are they doing to interfere with your operations? Or are they kind of getting in line? What's going on there? They haven't crossed the line yet, but if they cross the line, they're gonna be prosecuted.


You can stand aside and watch ice do your job. Ice is making their community safer. And I find it hard to believe every day there's any mayor or governor or city council person that doesn't want public safety threats removed from the public. It should have more responsibilities to community safety. If you don't wanna help us get the hell outta the way. But I've been, I've warned numerous mayors and governors don't cross that line. If you impede us, that's a felony. And Pam Bondy, we'll ask Pam Bondy to prosecute. If you harbor or conceal an illegal alien knowingly harbor and conceal an alienating from ice, that's a felony in my career. I've arrest US citizens.


Were harboring conceal illegal alien in the workplace or a home. If I can prosecute a US citizen of doing it, why can't we prosecute apol prosecute a politician who does that same thing? So, you know, I think we got a strong ag and Pam Bondi, and if they cross that line, we should prosecute and make an example out of them. Now, to your point earlier, sir, that it's perfectly reasonable to un perfectly understandable why someone living south of our border in particular would want to get to the greatest country in the history of the world. That's, it's a no brainer. When you add further incentives through all of our government programs, all the handouts, the open invitations that Joe Biden and his administration were putting out to people, to, to people to come to the country.


You can't be surprised when they do. At the same time, the the idea that American politicians would engage in harboring those people, it seems to me we, it's very easy to throw around words like treason in political discussion. But when you're actually using your position as an elected representative of the American people to help criminal aliens in the country at the expense of your own constituents, I mean, how is that not a treasonous offense when Joe Biden shuts down the remain in Mexico program and says, no, instead we're going to bring millions of people into the country who don't need to be here for we've, we already have a solution.


The first Trump administration implemented the solution, we're going to remove the, the solution. How is that not treasonous? Look, I think a lot what they did is treasonous this, that take for example, the God aways, right? They overwhelmed the Bo Patrol where many nights, 70%, seven zero, 70% of agents were pulled off the line to make sandwiches, change diapers, make baby formula to make hospital runs, dealing with this humanitarian crisis. They, they created on purpose. Yeah. And the board patrols overwhelmed. So you got 30% of border patrols left on the line. Then the criminal cartels send a group of a hundred family units in one area knowing that 30% are gonna seize that opportunity to deal that humanitarian crisis there, which the cartels create gaps.


So you got 2.2 million known God aways. You gotta ask yourself why did 2 million plus people pay more to get away? 'cause you pay the cartels one amount of money to get to the border. The the cartel's job ends when you get to the border. 'cause you just turn yourself into green uniform. You get released 1 24 hours, you get a free airline ticket to the city of your choice. You get put in a free hotel room. You get three meals a day in free medical care. After about three months, you get work authorization. The very reason they came here. So why do 2 million people pay more not to take advantage of that giveaway program? Why did they pay more to get away? Because they didn't wanna be fit vetted. They didn't wanna be fingerprinted. These are gonna be people that trafficking and women children. They're gonna be ones carrying the fentanyl and they're gonna be ones coming from A-A-A-A-A country sponsoring terror.


Now under Trump in four years, we wrestl a total of 14 people on terror watch list. 14 in four years. This Biden administration had 14 in a day. I mean, they were over 400. So the question is, border patrols arrested people from 181 different countries. Many of these countries are sponsor a terror. They've arrested over 400. How many of that 2.2 million came from country? Sponsor a terror. If you think it's zero, you're a moron. So this is the biggest national security vulnerability I've seen in my lifetime. Even FBI Director Ray, who I I who I don't like even he agreed, this is the biggest national security vulnerability. He's seen a lot of red flags. What they did when they, when they purposely opened this border up is create the biggest national security vulnerability this nation's ever seen.


And we know there's, there's, there's people here that want do us harm. We know national security threats enter this country. We're monitoring some, some we don't know where there are. So when you use the word T Thereas, I agree with you. 'cause they on purpose created this open border, which resulted in a significant national security concern. National security vulnerability. We all know something's coming. The intelligence community believe something's gonna be coming. And I thank God we got President Trump in the Oval Office to deal with it when it happens. Yeah. And when you talk about this, it, it, it's, it's very clear that the Biden administration, it was an act of will for them to leave the border this way. I was talking to you before we were on air that I was actually down at the border in Arizona.


There's a Native American reservation right along the border. There's no fencing there because the Native American reservation doesn't want there to be fencing there. And so the, basically it's wide open. And the, the Biden administration, I was told by border patrol had assigned them to process people as a number one priority. The, the, the drug cartels would essentially drive up with the truck filled with people. They would unload them at the border. There was actually a button they could hit at the border that would call border patrol to them. Border patrol would then have to take them for processing and that would leave the rest of the border completely wide open for, for the predations of the drug cartels. I think one part of the story that that hasn't been told here is just how much the Biden administration enriched the drug cartels. The, the drug cartels made literally billions of dollars off of human and and trafficking and drug smuggling during the course of the Biden administration.


No one celebrated that election more than the criminal cartels. They knew they were back in business criminal. The reason there's so much violence in Mexico right now, 'cause the cartels are making more money they've ever made. And sex trafficking women and children alien smuggling and, and the smuggling narcotics. Now there's a lot of discontent in Mexico because President Trump is taking billions of dollars outta their pockets when he secures that border. So I think they'll see more violence on the border. I don't think they're going go away quietly. I think President Trump did the right thing, designated them terrorist organizations because these cartels have killed more Americans in every terrorist organization in the world combined. But the, what they did to the border was on purpose. I agree a hundred percent. Here's why I know it's on purpose.


We never talked about this. Let me just mention this. When, when Barack Obama was President, Joe Biden was vice president. Secretary Mayorkas was a deputy secretary. We had a, a surge of family groups coming across the border. How do we stop it? We built family residential centers. We held 'em long enough to see a judge. 91% lost their case. We put 'em to airplanes, send 'em home, home. The board numbers dumped. So my Yorkers knows how he fixed it and Biden knows how we fixed it. So what they do when he becomes president, mayor Yorkers becomes secretary. They don't contain him. They don't make him see a judge. They don't deport him. They did exactly the opposite of what proved worked when he was vice president.


The secretary of my office is deputy secretary. So this wasn't an accident. They did the exact opposite of what, what they knew we succeeded with when President Obama was, was in office. So this wasn't, again, this is, this is by design. They knew exactly what they were doing. And the reason they didn't detain them is because when an alien's in detention, they get a hearing within 40 days at top, which means in 40 days that 91% be ordered removed and they go home. That's not what they wanted. So they release 'em to NGOs, put 'em in a hotel room. 'cause once you're out of ice custody, it's called the non detained docket. Non detained docket takes anywhere from three years to nine years depending on what city you're in.


Wow. And they knew in that three to nine years, they'll get one or two year a citizen kids, they, they'll, they'll get equities here and hopefully the Democratic Congress and Democratic president that will reward them in amnesty. This is why they didn't detain them. They don't want 'em removed. So they figured they put 'em in on the non custody docket with immigration court. Their cases are so far down the road that there'll be a change in administration and they can ward 'em in amnesty. That's exactly was their plan. And thank God we changed that in November. Got President Trump. Mr. Holman, you, you mentioned just now that President Trump redefined these organizations as foreign terrorist organizations. And a lot of people hear that and they think, well, that's just a kind of a new, new way of describing them.


But obviously that is a, an official classification that then frees up certain American resources to deal with them. So in case there are any face tattooed gangsters watching the stream tonight. Practically speaking, what does it mean that the cartels can anticipate now that they're designated this way? I, if you're involved in cartels anyway, if you're transporting for 'em, if you're moving money for 'em, if, if, if, if you're helping these cartels in any way, then you are part of a terrorist organization. And we'll, we will charge you with terrorist related crimes, which has significant penalties. Being designated terrorist brings a whole of us government on, on and clear in the military. We're not just going to tack 'em on our southern border.


We're gonna attack 'em across the globe. Calisco cartels in 43 countries around the globe, they not only are they moving drugs across the border, that's the way it used to be. Now they have a presence in every major city in this country. So on top of smuggling narcotics in this country, they're taking over the interior distribu of narcotics within our largest cities. We're going to tack 'em on the border. We're gonna attack 'em in the interior United States. We're gonna attack 'em in every country there around the world. With the assistance of other countries. This designation is put 'em on notice. We're going to use the whole might of United States government to take 'em out. We're going and, and first thing we do is take the money. They don't have money. They have no power. They can't buy Mexican military. They can't buy Mexican legislation.


They can't buy Mexican judges. So we're going to shut 'em down one piece at a time. What President Trump did by designating the terrorist organization, take their first step, avoiding these cartels off the face of the earth. You know, who's gonna be more grateful than anybody? The country in Mexico, because there's a, I've said this many times, there's a lot of corruption in Mexico, whether it's the military law enforcement or, or government officials. Many of 'em didn't choose to be corrupt. But cartels will tell you, you are going to do this and we're gonna kill you and your family to take the cartels out of Mexico and de and demolish them and incinerate 'em and take 'em off the face of Earth. We're gonna free Mexico. We're gonna free Mexico from Mexico. We want to be under the control of cartels.


They're gonna operate in a free society. So I think known ones be more grateful in Mexico. Porters are Tom Holman. Thank you for making time with us. It's a huge night. We're very grateful for the work you're doing. Very grateful for the work that President Trump is doing and just looking forward to actually having some sanity and, and law and order on the southern border. Thank you. I I appreciate the thanks. Well, let's give the thanks to the men and women wearing the green uniform or down there 24 7. While I'm sitting at this event tonight, there's some board relations standing on a dirt trail someplace. It's gonna take somebody on, whether it's just an illegal, an or a heavy armed drug smuggler. These are the men and women who sit on that board 24 7 while we're laying in bed sleeping safe at night.


Thank the ice agents who are out there, you know, with a cavalier vest and a gun under their hip, going to sanctuary cities arresting bad people because they couldn't arrest 'em in the jail. Mm. And we got leakers telling people where these operations are. Let's pray for the men and women ice that they go home and save their families every night. There's the real heroes. I'm, I'm grateful to be in, I got a great president, but I wanna thank the men and women on the front line who are doing the job. We, Steve Miller is the architect, brilliant. Probably one of the smartest men I ever met. We, we strategize, we come up with plans, we come up with the, the methods of what we want done. But the men and women carrying the badge and gun, God bless them. Let's keep them safe because they're, they're doing god's work on the front line. Amen. Amen.


Ben. It's hard to follow that with an ad read, but if anyone can do it,


Folks, I need to tell you about a great way you can improve your quality of life. It's something I've been doing for years that I cannot recommend enough. Is it transcendental meditation classes? Nope. Me meditating. It sounds unbelievably boring. So it's not going to happen. Is it Reiki energy healing? I mean, that looks relaxing, but nope, I'm not gonna be doing that. I know about you, but that kind of stuff is not for me. So what do I do to improve my health and energy if wacky self-care schemes are out? Well, it isn't complicated. It's bull andandand sheets baby, with their 100% organic cotton sheets. I get a great sleep every single night and I wake up refreshed to tackle the day. You ever wonder why you're feeling groggy and frankly resentful toward the world every second you're forced to be awake. It's 'cause your cheapo store brand sheets are holding you back. Getting sleep is one of the most important things you can and must do to be a functioning, happy human being. I can even rest when I'm on the road with their wonderful waffle throw. I do not travel without it. Not even joking. It's in my suitcase. It's truly the easiest thing you can do to feel energized and refreshed. Feel the difference for yourself. Gang. Try bulling brand sheets for an entire month. If they don't change the way you sleep, you can send them back for a full refund. For limited time only, get 20% off plus free shipping@bolandbranch.com slash backstage. Nazar janz changed the way you sleep with Boll and Branch. That's Boll and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/backstage to save 20% exclusions. Apply Seaside for details.


So quite a treat to have Tom Holman with us. And also a treat that Ben and Matt get to attend this event. And to make it even better is that you had to go to the Joe Biden. I know this, I'm feeling a little gypped. I mean, I, I'm very grateful to my friend Congressman Andy Ogles for having me last year. It was very cool to be at the State of the Union, but I had to listen to Joe Biden Incoherently Scream for like 45 minutes and you guys get to go to the UFC fight of State of the Union addresses. It's gonna be super fun. Oh, it is gonna be great. I I, first of all, I think there's a, a good shot that President Trump is going to announce this rare earth's mineral deal with Ukraine. So that'll be a big win for him.


And I think it'll rectify a lot of the breach that happened last Friday. And that extraordinarily combative press conference between Zelensky President Trump and Vice President JD Vance. And he's obviously gonna talk about his accomplishments on immigration that, that Boza Homan just mentioned a moment ago. And he, he's gonna be talking about the investments that were just made by a number of companies in America. The TSMC, which is of course the gigantic semiconductor maker in Taiwan has announced they're gonna spend a hundred billion dollars additionally in the United States. The Honda Civic is now gonna be produced entirely in Indiana as opposed to in Mexico. I'm sure he is gonna be talking a lot about that. There's been a lot of winning. He's gonna talk about DEI I'm sure he will talk about Matt's big issue. The, the issue that, that if one person really helped push over the line, it was Matt Walsh, the, the death of men in women's sports.


I'm sure he's gonna mention that as well. It's been a, I mean, I I this has been, as we discussed last time we were together the fastest moving administration in modern American history. I mean, this administration is moving like absolute lightning. It's gonna give Trump a lot to talk about. And of course it's gonna get spicy because I would be shocked if there's no dramatics from the, the fainting couch left out there. Some of them are not showing up and, and frankly to me that seems like the best tactic for, for, for some of them. I think that the ones who are idiots are gonna show up and make fools of themselves. I, you know, it seems like not showing up though. They actually get paid to show up. That's what they're there for. I agree. It seems like everything they do, every strategy they come up with just sends of further and further into the wilderness. And I, I grieve for them. I miss them deeply. But I think that they're, if they just continue to protest, cutting fraud and waste, if they continue to protest securing the border, if they continue to protest, putting, not allowing men into women's sports.


I, we, we could, I I could be gone before There's another Democrat administration, which may be only 10 minutes away, but like still, I think that this, this could be a long, long term in Exile. They seem to have learned absolutely nothing. Yeah. You, I mean you mentioned some of the members not showing up tonight, but even the Democrat governors who say, no, by golly we're gonna ignore federal law and we're gonna force hulking dudes to crack women's skulls. And they, they, they elect David Hog one of the least likable Democrats, even among Democrats to be the vice chairman of the party. It just seems like these guys cannot possibly win for losing. I I would like to ask a question of you guys. You know, when they, when I'm listening to home and talk about the border, this lawlessness this incredible, it was an invasion.


I mean, I know that's like a big word, but it was an invasion Yeah. Allowed by the president of the United States allowing us to be invaded. And you hear all these theories, they're bringing in voters that it's the great replacement and all this. Is it, do you think that that was the strategy? Was that it, that they just thought that this would turn the demographics? Yeah, they told, they told us this in 2004. Ben, you correct me. 'cause you probably remember the paper better. It was oh four or oh six. There was a very prominent political science paper pushed by the left on this strategy to import people from all over the world and to have a permanent electoral majority. And I don't think they were counting on Trump winning 46% of Hispanics or an increasing number of black male votes or anything like that. Right. But, but they were, I think they were pretty open about it.


I don't think they hid the ball because This, it is happening in Europe. I mean, I think there's some of that. I also think that there was, I think that there was something else happening too. And that is that there, there's been this myth in democratic politics really since 2012, that you could create a permanent minority majority coalition. And so it was almost a no loss proposition for them. They figured that they were gonna win more Hispanic votes in the United States by opening the vote and by, by opening the border. And they could simultaneously bring in new voters. And at the same time, they'd be pleasing all of their white liberal college graduates who believe that the United States bears blood gull forever having won Texas in California from from Mexico. And so it was sort of a win-win for them. And what they didn't understand is that you are now creating a backlash that's gonna make for your undoing. And if there's one issue more than any other, that really swung the election and was the illegal immigration issue.


And number two was the trans issue. And Democrats are unable to, to kind of let go of both. But I want to ask my buddy Matt here, because he's been sitting here silently, as is his wants during, during our backstage. He's, he's always very excited to be here as, as we know. And he's even more excited to travel. Matt, do you feel the electricity, do you feel the energy are, are you just like ecstatic to be here? Here? I I appreciate the pity throwing it to me. So I have, I have something to say and I, I it's a, it's a great honor to be here. We're a little too physically close right now. This is, it's an uncomfortable physical proximity. I'm not accustomed to, I am wearing, I'm wearing a tie for the first time in two years. So that shows you how much I, And actually honor And a pocket and there's a pocket square. I'm gonna note that right square this, by the way, Matt actually did up his tie like a few minutes ago before we began.


Matt had not buttoned his top button, Actually. Well, it's still not button it. Still not button. Yeah. But you've got the tie tight up that you could masquerade and his short was pretty loose. And he kinda looked as though, and he had the, the cup of whiskey in front of him and the glass whiskey. And he, he looked as though, you know, he'd worked a long day at the, at the accounting office. And now he'd been finally released to his local pub where he could, where he could, you know, just let this high down a little bit. And that was actually him dressed up. So I'm just gonna Yeah. Point That out. I don't even know if we're, can we drink alcohol where we are right now and these sacred halls? It's Congress, my friend. I will say it was pretty cool. We, we, we met with Speaker Johnson right before this, and he actually took us to take a picture, which I'm sure has now been posted online. And, and you can, and he actually showed us a room that apparently has never been used in the Capitol building, which was a prayer room.


It was actually like a prayer room off to the side. It was really cool. It is a beautiful stained glass window of George Washington kneeling in prayer, you know, the famous painting. Right. And emblems from all 50 states. And George Washington was the last one to use it. Yes, Exactly. Well, I mean at, at least use it for prayer. I mean, I'm hoping that none of the other Congress people discovered it. 'cause the, the one rule about Congress is you never wanna blacklight anything here. It's just a huge mistake. Yeah. So, So basically this is gonna be a giant pep rally for the Rike tonight. And to make it all the more glorious, we're gonna be filling up with leftist tears left, right, and center. Is there anything, is there anything being bandied about that we think would, would be a surprise?


Is there anything that, is Donald Trump gonna do anything here tonight that shocks his constituency? Or is this pure fan fiction playing out right in front of us tonight? Well, I think the, the big floating idea is that you could get an announcement of the Ukraine deal. Yeah. Which might surprise some people because President Trump picked that fellow up and flung 'em out the window the other day during the rob office meeting. But again, you know, these kinds of deals are bigger than just one shouting match in the Oval Office. So you could see that that would be somewhat surprising. Obviously, president Trump last night implemented these tariffs on Mexico and Canada, which surprised some people because I think some people believed that the tariffs were merely a negotiating ploy to try to get concessions on fentanyl or border enforcement or whatever.


However, I think Trump campaigned on believing in tariffs in terms of economic theory, like in, in tariffs for the good of the American economy. Well, not just tariffs themselves though balanced tariffs. In other words, why should we have tariffs on our goods going out and not put tariffs on people coming in? The whole ethos of Trump is we're not your daddy. You know, if we're gonna help you, you're gonna help us. We want to get paid for what we do. We want you to take part of your own defense. I mean, I've been telling Europeans this for over a decade, that all their, their wonderful welfare programs that they have in their universal healthcare that they have is paid for by us. Right. Because we protect them. Right, Of course. But the, the the one surprise tonight potentially could be that Trump, as Howard Lutnick was suggesting earlier today, Trump could roll back some of those tariffs that he announced last night.


Yeah. I think that's very question. So that, that might be somewhat surprising. Otherwise, I'm expecting the pep rally. I don't know about you guys. It's too late to buy any index funds. Yeah, I mean, Yeah, exactly. I mean, I, I I would, I'd be a little surprised if he rolls back the tariffs that quickly. I I think that he has to have some sort of headline that he can latch onto in order to do that. Some sort of win that he can say that he prized out of Canada or Mexico in, in order to do that. The one thing about President Trump, I I, that I I've said many times, but I think you're gonna see it play out with regard to these tariffs, is that President Trump likes good headlines. And he does not like bad headlines when, so the Dow Jones Industrial average drops by 1500 points in two days, and suddenly the, the lights start blinking red. I don't think the President Trump is so wedded to the magical idea of tariffs that he won't reverse himself in order to sort of preserve economic health.


That's one thing. And there, there had been some, some rumors, you know, I doubt that he'll do it tonight, but obviously I was pushing very hard today to pardon Derek Chauvin, which I think would be a, a good move for the country because I, you know, while he was convicted on state charges, it wouldn't free him from prison. I do think that it would be very good in salutatory for the country, for the federal government to make clear that it is not going to hold to account people for crimes they, they did not commit. And in which the jury was pretty obviously poisoned by everybody surrounding the court. Anybody who thinks that Derek Chauvin got a fair trial, regardless of what you think of the actual outcome of the trial. Anybody who pretends that that was even remotely a fair trial or the evidence stacked up to the conviction in that case. I, I, I honest to God, don't understand what what you're thinking to, to be fairly frank with you.


And again, I think it would be a, a shocker if President Trump said anything about it tonight. But I would not be surprised if something in the near future is done about it. Yeah. Well, Ben and Matt, you've gotta get to your seats. The show's about to begin. You're sitting with speaker in Speaker Johnson's box. As I understand, it's an unbelievable honor. I I have no doubt that Drew and I will be invited to the next State of the Union. Tell Speaker Johnson, we actually met, he and I met right after he was elected. I sat next to him at the first Trump prayer breakfast and he's forgotten me in time. Oh, He doesn't, you're invited. He doesn't. Yeah, I Know. He doesn't care. You guys have a great night. We'll see you after the president's remarks. Hopefully we're able to get you back. And in the meantime, we're gonna look at the people coming in, which is always kind of my favorite part of this.


Like the red carpet of ugly people when people walk, make their grand entrances into the state of the Union. Alright guys, we'll see you later. Yeah, yeah. Bye. Catch you later, Ben and Matt, off to the speaker's box to hear President Donald Trump make his address to a joint session of Congress. We're seeing all the best people walking into, logging into the capitol as we speak. It's actually kind of fun. I mean, it really saw Elon a second ago. And of course, vice president JD Vance and Speaker Mike Johnson already up on the podium. And then a bunch of really solen looking Democrats, which makes it, I Can't imagine what's wrong with them.


They are quite colorful though. It's interesting because in recent years, the Democrats, especially the squad Democrats have worn white to make themselves look like the suffragettes or something. This year they're wearing pink. Maybe the, I don't know, the purity. New femininity. It's the femininity. Yeah. No one was buying the white dress. New softness and gentleness in the, I noticed That none of them have shaved their heads. The, yeah. I feel like if you're gonna do it, if you're gonna do it, do it. Go all the way. Yeah. I'm, I'm waiting. I, you know, I like this whole idea of them having noise makers and, you know, like throwing, throwing egg s Firecrackers and things and things. Yeah. They can't humiliate themselves anymore. Least as far as I'm concerned. They can't humiliate themselves enough to actually humiliate themselves as much as they deserve. So Nancy Pelosi is not a young woman.


She, she, well, you know, evil, evil ages you, you know, she's accidentally 40. Just the evil has sucked all the life out. What does it say on that lady's jacket? We the people, Huh? It may have been the 14th Amendment on her sleeve. It's interesting. Yeah. I'm not positive, but I think it may have been the, the text of the 14th Amendment. We're hearing that the President is running just a few minutes late, which I call presidential prerogative. Of course. You, you Or just rudeness Wherever the president arrives, he is precisely on time. That's right. That Is one of the perks of the job. It's classifying documents. He just declares it. Right. You know, it's hard to tell exactly what the Democrats are trying to convey with their coordinated outfits because the white was supposed to coordinate to convey women's rights.


You know, hearkening back to the suffragettes, the pink presumably is more, and we have Melania walking in now looking much more elegant than any of the Democrats, everybody else. Yeah. But, but the pink I, I suppose is to communicate women's rights vis-a-vis abortion. I I would guess, Hey, there's, I Know, I know them a second. I'm certain it has something to do with abortion. It's really the, it's the only issue they care about. But I guess it, that to me again, states that the Democrats haven't learned anything from the election. Yeah. 'cause they, abortion was supposed to win in the election and they lost the biggest, the, the biggest election that they'd lost in 20 years. Yeah. So then even this 14th amendment thing, you know, trying to make an argument that birthright citizenship pertains to anchor babies and illegal aliens.


Even the New York Times ran a column the other day making a good point that actually it's unclear from the 14th Amendment. And the Supreme Court has never definitively ruled on that. So, I don't know. It seems like they're fishing for an issue. Well see. Usually it's the, the right who is blind to the culture. But this is a really interesting situation in which the left does not know that that shield of invisibility that was created by our corrupt news media has vanished. It's been, it's been destroyed by the evil us And, and I think that they just don't get it. They do not get that. We can see them. They don't get that. They're standing there naked and like the whole country is kinda laughing at them. The president's cabinet arriving now is the Secretary of State, Marco Rubio and, and crew, Pete Hegseth, who's kind of a friend of the organization and a fellow Nashville resident with us.


Howard Lutnick. People know this. Howard Lutnick talked to us one time about buying The Daily Wire. Really not buying it. He, he wanted to help us take it public at one time. Can we nationalize it now? Yeah. Well that Would be, he's a Congress. I like Lutnick. He's, I like his enthusiasm. I do Too. I get a big kick out of, out of Lutnick. He's a, you know, he's, he actually is Bobby Axelrod. They say that the character was actually, they say the, the character was actually written in part. Is it Really based on Lutnick? Yeah. Yeah. That Checks out based on Howard Lutnick, His rf K I'm surprised he showed up. 'cause he has measles, I think. Oh yeah. Heart's breaking all over the crunches sphere as he endorsed the mRNA vaccine. Except, did you read the column?


So the, the Headline, not mRNA. Oh, the, the measles. The MMR the, so the headline from Fox news.com was, you know, the measles vaccine is really important and it's crucial to fighting the disease if you read the column. So the editors write the headline, if you read the column, he never endorses the vaccine. Really. And in fact, he says, really the best way to fight this is good nutrition. And, you know, actually 98% of deaths disappeared before the measles vaccine. So if you read the text of it, clearly, HHS and, and the White House want to hedge their bets a little bit in case there is a big outbreak. But what's funny is, if I'm reading the tea leaves, I'm looking to invest maybe in different big pharma companies. I think this health secretary still hates the vaccine.


I, if he hates the measles vaccines, he's a, he's a doofus, you know, 'cause the measles vaccine cured the measles. It's like, but he's whatever. It appears that they're gone. At the very least, he is the greatest Kennedy, You know, I don't dunno. Well damning with that's a cruel thing to say. I Will say that the Make America healthy again movement. I, I think that it has some very good foundations. And then it also has a little bit of kooky silliness to it. I get the sense though, that RFK Jr is one of the most genuinely decent dudes in, in American Politic. Really? I just think that he's a, I think he actually likes people. Yeah. I think he actually likes the country. Yeah.


Yeah. I think he's, I think he's intelligent. I think he's intelligent. Yeah. Yeah. And I love that he drove a, a chainsaw off whale head from Kenna bunk port to my Hometown. Okay. That's the part I like. Yeah. I don't know. There's a lot of the stuff with the women. I'm not sure. Well, you can't judge a Kennedy by That's only 50% of the world. But Yeah. If, if all of the women in his background are still alive and none of them are submerged, We lost one of, we lost one of them, didn't we? Yeah, That's a fair point. Yeah. We, we also, now I actually, oh, I guess that's Usha Vans. I don't know who the two other women are, But I want, you know, you know how they always introduce people that they've helped.


What I want want is for Trump to say heal and for Walsh to stand up and go, I can walk again. And Shapiro can say like, that was better than Jesus. I'd never liked that. Oh man. Oh man. You can't say things like that. Oh, I'm sorry. We've Got, just imagining what would be fun. Long speeches. So everyone's still mingling. This is not kicking off for a little while now. No, no, no. This is mingle city. Yeah. Yeah. It is interesting though, to think in, in recent memory, we've had a mixture of conservatives and liberals up there on the DAUs. We've had at least one woman, you know, Nancy Pelosi ripping up the speech.


We've had Kamala Harris up there, you know, being Kamala and now just a bunch of Republican dudes. You know, just a bunch of normal looking Republican white dudes. Yeah. Yeah. I like to think we're back. We're Back. We're So Back. The New York Times today went, ran an article. Trump has bullying masculinity, I thought. Good. Yeah. A lot of people would be bullying in that town. You know, It'd be very interesting to see what the president chooses to cover in the speech. Obviously Donald Trump has never given a short speech. Well, except his inaugural his inaugural speech. That's true. It was pushed inside. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. But then in fairness, he immediately went downstairs and gave the Re And gave me the rest Of the speech.


Absolutely true. That's Absolutely right. And this one, you know, in truly, I Trump said we get tired of winning and I, I almost am tired of winning, and I mean, in a very literal way. And I do have three kids, four and under, and I've been traveling a lot. This news cycle is exhausting because Trump, Whether You love him or hate him, you have to admit he has notched so many victories in the first month in office. Yeah. We're in, we're like 45 days or something into his like, Less than that. Less Than that. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I, I personally have not stopped grinning. I have been giddy. And I, it's like I, you know, yeah. Sometimes Trump annoys me. Sometimes he doesn't. But like, I, I think he's doing great. I love what he's doing. It's a, and you know, it, it's funny. This needed to happen and there's going to be some ancillary damage.


I mean, I, I'm sorry for some of the people losing their jobs. Some of the people who lose their jobs are gonna be good people. Yeah. But this cancer of these agencies has to be ripped out. There's just, just has to, and, And, and the president needs to be able to run the executive plan, the Executive branch. Right. Mean this is kind of basic stuff. So, you know, the Democrats are whining. I was on a, a liberal news show recently. They said, or isn't there a threat to the separation of powers? And I thought, no, no, no. There was a threat to Separation Of powers. That's right. Trump is ex exerting actually his just authority. I, I would like to hear a lawyer, I have not asked a really co a real constitutional lawyer how the legislature can create an agency in the executive branch that the executive can't destroy. It seems to me if it's in the executive branch, the executive can do anything he wants.


Would Well, the trick of it is, and this is kind of what Chevron is ultimately was ultimately about. Is that right? It actually is the legislature seeding its authority to regulate that to executive agencies. But then That the Executive doesn't have control over, Doesn't have control over, No. They created a branch of government. They created a branch of government And all this stuff about Elon Musk wasn't elected, you know, when they had all of these people weren't elected. Yeah, exactly. But the other crazy thing, when they knock Elon and, and the Department of Government efficiency, doge has a 100 year plus precedent that this began really under Wilson Wilson, the Bureau of Efficiency that reformed the executive branch.


After that, you had FDR had the Brownlow commission that created the executive office of the president after FDR. Yet Truman had the Hoover Commission, same thing. Reorganized the executive. Reagan had the Grace Commission. My favorite example though is, is more recently Al Gore as mice President. I was, I was just gonna say that. Yeah. It Was Al Gore in the nineties. I actually, oddly enough, was just sitting behind Al Gore on an airplane. Wow. Apparently global warming doesn't pay anymore because he was sitting right in front of me. Commercial. Yeah. But Al Gore in the nineties had the National Initiative for Reinventing Government. Yeah. And it, it fired a quarter million federal employees. Yep. And it consolidated 800 agencies. Yep. Elon hasn't come anywhere close to that. I know. He was the most success. The, the only problem with him is a lot of it was cutting the military.


Yeah. Because they thought the Cold War was over and they were gonna get rid of all the, these soldiers we didn't need. It was, it was actually a bad thing. But in terms of cutting government and cutting regulation, gore was very successful. Yeah. They were, you know, Clinton was a good president. Domestically, if you don't look at him overseas, he was actually not a bad person. And If you don't look inside the office and You don't wanna look inside his heart, never look inside. He said his black heart. Yeah. It's fun to think back to the nineties, as you know, I always say that the nineties were the, the peak of American civilization. The Nineties are like the new fifties. That's the new era that you look back to sort of nostalgically. But It's so much better than the fifties. And the fifties were, we were in the middle of this Cold War. The nuclear arms race. The space race.


Everyone had PTSD from the war, You Know, In the nineties, we didn't have a single problem. In the nineties, we could ascend Bill Clinton twice to be president of the United States. It didn't matter. And it didn't matter. It was actually pretty Good in The, in the 1990s, we could make Smash mouth. Yeah. The, a bestselling rock and roll band. Yeah. Singing songs about having your finger and your thumb in the shape of an l on your forehead, because literally nothing was wrong. No. Somebody once told me about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was the, that was the great onion headline. When nine 11 happened, it was Americans yearn to care about stupid crap again. Yeah, yeah. Right, right. So that was the nineties. No question.


I spent the nineties in England, so I missed the whole thing. I it was great in England. I mean, You missed the height of American power. You missed, but That's of American power. There is truth to that. In the 1990s. Yeah. Kurt Cobain killed himself to protest that nothing was wrong. There Was literally nothing wrong. Now is this all right, now we have ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. I mean, what a triumphant moment for Donald Trump. No kidding. This is like the greatest version of when Nigel Farage went to the European legislators.


And he said, you know, I came here a decade ago and I said we were leaving the eu and you all laughed at me. Who's laughing Now? This is Donald Trump's who's laughing now moment And in living memory. Nothing like this has ever Happened. No, I don't think it's ever, I can't think of anything. Maybe maybe Napoleon escaping, You know, the, the, my son has a little place mat with all the presidents on the, on the dining room table. And he loves Trump. He loves Johnson for some reason, but he loves Trump points to Trump at it. And there's one, He loves impeached presidents. Yeah. Or he, not that Johnson. Oh, Lydon Lyndon Johnson. Yeah. But, but there's one president with two pictures on there and on the next edition of that placement, Yeah, there'll be two.


There are gonna be two. And you know, so Trump runs for President 16 and he says, I'm gonna be great. I'm gonna be greatest president. So historic. And he has now made that happen. Yep. He's now one of the most significant figures in American history. Yeah, No, there's no question about that. Yeah. And it's still, you know, it's up for grabs whether he's gonna get away with the, doing what he has to do, which is killing the influence of the deep state. Yeah. But he did get kissed by Nancy Mace, which I think is, so, that's my personal dream. I'm a simple man. Win The presidency. Win the presidency. Again, Excludes from Nancy Mace.


I keep thinking that the Sergeant in arms is Senator Bob Menendez. Then I remember that Menendez is out. He is not, not going in the plane. If he was, he's not anymore. Yeah. Is that Chip Roy? I can't tell in the sea of, yeah. I think anyone else has such a handsome goatee. True. You know, you mean in the United States Congress? Oh, this is the John Rubio nearby. He's recovered from sinking into the couch during that Oval Office. Oh man. It gonna just leave steam behind the knee. It was sort of like that meme of Homer Simpson backing into the bush.


He, By the way, is doing great. He's doing a great job. Doing a great job. Kavanaugh, All the justices in St. Martin. Yeah, you are welcome Brett. You are Welcome. Amy, Who are you President greeting the Joint Chiefs. Now, I, I, I couldn't quite see which Justices made it. I did not see Keji Jackson. No, I did not see Sotomayor or Kagan.


But now I, I might have just missed him. It's hard. Yeah. Cameras are moving. Scalia famously would not go to the State of the Union. He's, he went in the first few years and then he said it was just a ridiculous political display. And the justices really had no role there. The president about to take the podium and address the joint session of Congress. We'll cut to his remarks and then we will be back as soon as that, as the speech is over to tell you what we think about it. We'll see you then. An amazing speech by Donald Trump to the joint session of Congress may maybe the longest joint session ever by a President of the United States. I mean, if we think of it as a state of the Union address, even though technically it isn't one I, you know, was this an hour?


40 an hour? Hour, Like an hour 40. Bill Clinton had some doozies in there, so I don't know if it was the longest ever, but, you know, I was, I was there at Biden's last year and it felt long, At 40 minutes or something. It was, yeah. I mean, he might've pushed it closer to an hour, but it felt like two days. And this one, I'm not saying there weren't moments Yeah. That lulled compared to others. But I was, I was engaged for about 92% of this. I mean, this was an amazingly well-written and delivered speech. Also, Trump set this trap for Democrats. Really? The Democrats set the trap for themselves and he just called their attention to it. When he said, these, I could get up here. I could cure the worst diseases. That's right.


I could do the greatest feats. And they would not stand up and applaud. And at that point they said, well, now we're really not gonna stand up and applaud. So, you know, just to use the most stirring example in a night of amazing moments, the one that stole the show was that 13-year-old boy who's been fighting brain cancer. Dj, dj, special Agent Secret. Yeah, Exactly. You know, he was, he always wanted to be a cop, and he's now made a member of the US Secret Service. And you just think, man, if, if you can't agree in this country, that that is a good thing. Yeah. We have nothing in, in common. We have nothing that we can agree on. Yeah. And the Democrats would not stand up. Many of them would not even applaud a little kid fighting cancer.


You know, I, It's Amazing. These are sick people. This, it was an extraordinary speech. And, you know, yeah. You can say it was too long. Trump tends to do that, Guys, the according to ai, which knows everything. Yeah. The, the record belongs to Bill Clinton. Yep. I knew it. One hour, 28 minutes, 49 seconds. Oh wait. I think there may be a new record. Record record. Wow. Okay. All right. I think there may be a new record. Wow. But, but I've, I've never, I don't think anyone has ever seen a president go in there as ugal realistically as he did. And really take the Republicans that Democrats head on like that. And the Democrats who came to start trouble were bullied into silence.


Yeah. Beaten into silence by this one man who has just taken everything from them, you know, false accusations, impeachments and assassination attempt, you know, convictions for felonies that don't even exist, that no one can name. And he has beaten them every time. And he did it again. He did it again. And I, I just can't help thinking that. Look, in the end, the proof is in the pudding. He's gonna have to pull it off. He's gonna have to improve the economy. He's gonna have to bring down prices. He's gonna have to resolve the debt and all those things and build our military back. 'cause we're in big trouble with our military as China's military source. But in terms of a promise, in terms of looking at a president and thinking, yeah, that guy could do that, that, that we, we now have a leader.


It, it's an extraordinary, he's an extraordinary person and an extraordinary moment. And, and, you know, it, it's, he has this way of blowing away all the kind of picky criticisms that you can throw at him, because it's been so long since anybody stood up and said, this is a great country, and I will bring it to another level of greatness. Who, who has said that besides Reagan? Since Reagan. Right. Who has said, this is a wonderful, wonderful country, which it is. And I will make it in, and I will stand up into that tradition and move it to the next step. It, it was, it was an amazing thing. And I, I don't know. I, I can't help thinking I could be wrong. You never know about this stuff.


But I can't help thinking that after the press fumes and screams and roars and shakes their fists, the American people are just going to, you know, pushes his popularity up to the next level. You Know what they won't be able to say, they always say after Trump's speeches, it was Dark. Dark, yeah. Yeah. And divisive. And, and the reality is, there was nothing dark about this speech. No. Trump was having a great time. Yeah. It looked like he was having Fun. And this, I think really off footed the Democrats, Trump was having so much fun, and it was infectious, and the audience was having fun, and they did not know how to react to that. Yeah. So I'm, I can't name even a 10th of the examples, but when, when Trump goes out there, he says, we killed the top terrorist in Afghanistan.


The Democrats, not only Stan, they don't applaud. So the Democrats formally come out in favor of the top terrorist in Afghanistan. The, the, when Trump says, we're taking down the cartels, the Democrats don't applaud. Democrats formally come out as pro cartel. That's a curious political choice. Right. When, when Trump announces that he brought an American citizen home from a Russian prison, they can't even applaud that. They booed the police, they booed the police. That's no surprise. We gotta support the police. And they booed. Yeah. But that moment has passed. Yeah, that's right. That moment when, when you could say that one of maybe one of the stupidest things any political party has ever supported, defunding the police, that that moment of hysteria and, and dizziness and vertigo has gone.


Yeah. And now we know, we remember the obvious thing. We need police 'cause they're bad guys, and we need good guys to stop the bad guys. And he supports 'em. They're booing. They're literally booing it. They're not just not standing up. They're literally booing em. Yeah. He unbelievable. And, and you know, the Democrats, they do not know I, I said this to, to Megan Kelly the other day, they simply do not know what has happened. And what has happened is that force field of protection that it was given to them by our rotten, corrupt left wing establishment press has been destroyed by people like us. You know, and, and like, and by Meghan and by Joe Rogan, and by all those people, this new media has wiped it away. And, and, you know, they're still there.


They still have a lot of reporting power, but they do not have the power to y without being exposed in real time. Yeah. And thanks to Elon Musk and to some degree on X, you know, that they can be exposed and people see through them, they don't get it. They don't get that their force field is gone. Should We talk about Al Green getting thrown out? Not the good singer. Yeah. I'm Talking about, I I was gonna say, I always liked Al Green, You know, when he stood up there right at the beginning, I just thought, wow, this is, he, he is a ridiculous person. Yes. But, but really, he was just by degree, a little bit more extreme than the Democrats. Many of them were heckling him tonight. Yes. And I thought from the moment they started doing that, I said, this is a, it's inappropriate, it's disreputable, but it's just a bad political choice.


I agree. I also think it was a bad choice of, of the people who are producing the actual video broadcast of the speech. Not to let us hear what he was saying. Yeah. 'cause he went to all that trouble. It was so disruptive. It's shut down the speech. All these things happen. And none of us know what on earth. I mean, he had a cane. I think you made the point that it was like from the 18 hundreds, the Caning Of Sumner or something. Yeah, yeah. Right. But I don't know what the guy was, was on about, but you could tell obviously, that Speaker Johnson was already prepared for this. Yes. He had all of the, the procedural order in front of him so that he'd be able to react, because the Democrats were forecasting that they were gonna cause this kind of trouble for, you know, the entire day leading into this.


And Al Al Green, I think, has already introduced articles of impeachment against Trump. He's tried to impeach him like 150 times already. Yeah. So he, he is a, a slightly more extreme version of the Democrats, but all the heckling tonight, I just thought, you know, it, it was gonna be a bad night for the Democrats. Yes. Because they lost the electoral college by a lot. They lost the popular vote significantly. And for the first time in 20 years, it was just gonna be a bad night. And if they just sort of were even slightly normal, they might have gotten through it and lived to fight another day. But I don't think the median American, or even the, even the center left American watching that display tonight is taken the aside. It's A terrible night for the Democrats. Yeah. And truly, if they had just treated it like any 1990s State of the Union address, yes.


They would've come out far ahead of what They Yeah. They could've walked out and just said, what a divisive speech. That's right. Yeah. You know, he could've brought the country together and he didn't, it would've been ineffective, but it would've been a lot more effective than this. And because he knew it was coming, he brought that force of personality. I've never seen it. You know, he's just, he's like the, he's like those old sheriffs in the movies who go out and stand up against a lynch mob and just the force of their personality makes everybody kinda ashamed and go old by the end of it. They weren't saying anything. They were just sitting there. They put down their stupid signs and all this. What do they support? You know, what do they support? They're stuck. They're stuck with this transgender garbage. They're stuck with this racial garbage that people, you know, I think people on both sides of the racial divide, if it still is a divide, I think they're sick of it.


You know, they know it doesn't work. Yeah. The DEI thing is disgraceful. It is racism embedded in government. Yeah. Like, it hasn't been since the end of the Jim Crow laws. It's, all of it is so disgusting. And I think that, that, that fog that people were in, I mean, this is the thing that bothered me most about the Biden administration, is I would talk to normal everyday people who were not particularly political. And you would say, you know, you know, sexually mutilating a child is a Nazi, like atrocity. It's not like saying, oh, Donald Trump is Hitler. It's actually what Nazis did. And they would kind of just gloss, you know, kind of go into this fugue state because we were all in this bad dream that this was the way it was gonna be, that this was normal, that there was something right about this, or defensible about it.


And I think people have woken up from that. And he just took advantage of that and slammed him. And one last thing he's right about Joe Biden. Joe Biden was the worst president ever. And the fact that he was protected by the press, you know, Jake Zapper is writing a book if I did it, you know? Yeah, exactly. The autobiography. It's like, yeah, no, I mean, they think we're gonna forget, but we don't have to forget anymore because Right. This new media is here to remind us and to show us and bring the results. I think there was that look on some of the Democrat members' faces tonight, which was, and not all of them, but some of them where they thought, you know, yikes, maybe just, maybe we shouldn't have raided this guy's house. Like, you know, May This, because, because Donald Trump woke up today and he chose violence.


He, He knew, he, He came to this thing. He said, you know, I've paid a lot and I nearly lost my life very nearly on one occasion, and almost on another occasion to be here. I've given up a lot for this job. And you people, you tried to throw me in prison four times. You tried to kick me off the ballot. You tried to murder me, you raided my home. And guess what? Yeah. Guess who's laughing now? Yeah. Guess how did that, he even asked the question of the members, how did that work out? How did that work out for you? You know, I mean, just a political vindication, the likes of which we have never seen in this country before. And, And you're right. That line where he said, you know, I could do anything and you wouldn't stand up. It actually kind of cut their legs off. Yes.


Because because he, he started by saying, look, you know, what would you applaud for? What would you, and they proved that he was right. And so it, it just kind of took the legitimacy away from them. It's kind of amazing. And I, I did enjoy seeing Walsh and Shapiro in the, in the gala. Yeah. Do we have any video of, of Ben and Matt at the event? Quite an amazing thing. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. We may have the Democrat response. Let's, let's hear what they're saying. I also signed an executive order that doesn't sound like a Democrat. Men from playing in women's sports Here.


They're here. They're Their friend. Riley Gaines. That's Riley Gate. Hey guys, can we get the, I believe we have the Democrat response. Can we hear it That America is Al not, You can find that safe. I don't even know who that Democrat is. Isn't here in Wy, Michigan where I'm speaking from tonight. Is there A way we can, It's a working class town just south of Detroit, president Trump and I Here in November. It might not seem, maybe it's not Like this still exists Across the United States. We Cannot Places where people believe that if you work hard and play by the rules, there we go. You should do well and your kids should do better. We don't Believe that. It reminds me of how I grew up. My dad was a lifelong Republican by mom, a lifelong Democrat, what is your name?


But it was never a big deal because we had shared values that were bigger than any one party. We just went through another fraught election season. Americans made it clear that prices are too high, and that the government needs to be more responsive to their needs. America wants Change's, a don't responsible way to make change. And we don't want you rating little kids. And we can make that change without forgetting who we are as a country and as a democracy. So that's what I'm gonna lay out tonight, because whether you're from Wyandot or Wichita, most Americans share three core beliefs that the middle class is the engine of our country. That strong national security protects us from harm.


And that our democracy, no matter how messy, is unparalleled and worth fighting for. Let's start with the economy. Michigan literally invented the middle class. The revolutionary idea that you can work at an auto plant In foreign. There's a lab, I think in Minneapolis, well that's not even Michigan, sorry, Detroit Middle. 'cause I'm pretty sure it was like Italy in the high middle. But it, the middle, The price of things. We spend the most money on groceries, housing, healthcare. We need to make more things in America with good paying union jobs and bring our supply chains back home. China's From places. I'm voting for Trump, American businesses. I Have to say, she's doing a very good job.


Invest, create the jobs. I actually don't understand how she's just depoing. And we need tax system. The Democrat platform from Trump's administration don't. Billion. Yeah. Look, the president talked a big game on the economy, but it's always important to read the fine print. So do his plans actually help Americans get ahead? Not even close. President Trump is trying to deliver an unprecedented giveaway to his billionaire friends. He's on the hunt to find trillions of dollars to pass along to the wealthiest in America. And to do that, he's going to make you pay in every part of your life. Grocery and home prices are going up, not down. And he hasn't laid out a credible plan to deal with either of those.


His tariffs on allies like Canada will raise prices on energy, lumber, and cars, and start a trade war that will hurt manufacturing and farmers. Your premiums and prescriptions will cost more because the math on his proposals doesn't work without going after your healthcare. Meanwhile, for those keeping score, the national debt is going up, not down. And if he's not careful, he could walk us right into a recession. And one more thing, in order to pay for his plan, he could very well come after your retirement. The Social Security Medicare. Come on. That's, they were, they were talking about taking your, your savings. These guys, the President claims he won't, but Elon Musk just called Social Security the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.


I mean, in fairness, it is the biggest Elon Musk, but Trump, is there anyone in America won who is comfortable with him and his gang of 20 year olds using their own computer servers to poke through your tax returns, your health information, and your bank accounts. No oversight. No. They're actually Using us Digital service Is a branch of Federal government. I guardrails on what they do with your private data. And 20 year olds is the only, Is my private data. What is the government have it? And, and all those people, what are they? Like a hundred thousand people in the treasury looking Fing of people who work to protect our nuclear weapons, keep our planes from crashing and conduct the research and Find this, this is, by the way, what I mean by the press. Right?


In the old days, hire them. Two days later, the press would've said all this was true. Be in America. That would've actually would fired. Thought that maybe it was true. But now, like, so We've talked about economic security. How about national? She is quite good. Whoever she is, let's start with She's quite a good presenter. They made a choice. Someone who spent my whole career normal protecting our home. They picked someone we'd never heard of. Deserve. Yes, that's true. That's right. What was coming across its border, a blue dog man. Period. Democrats and Republicans should all be for that. But securing the border without actually fixing our broken immigration system is dealing with the symptom and not the disease. Oh My Lord. America is a nation of Immigrants. No, but yeah. Rid of the system. Key to the needs of our economy. But that's dealing with the disease that allows Yeah. The symptom is all the illegals that are here illegal.


Right. So I look forward to the President's plan on that. Because here's the thing. Today's world is deeply interconnected. Migration, cyber threats, ai, environmental destruction, terrorism. Until we can solve it all, we can't solve any of it. One alone. We need friends in all corners. And our safety depends on it. President Trump loves to say peace through strength. That's actually a line he stole from Ronald Reagan. But let me tell you, after the spectacle that just took place in the Oval Office last week, Reagan must be rolling in his grave. Well, here's the thing. We All wanna end The war in Ukraine. This, they should have edited this part of the speech. Reagan understood That true strength, The events in the Oval Office was a, were economic, very difficult to watch moral clarity.


But in order to have a judgment about them, office Wasn't just a Bad, you have a deal. You have to ignore the fact that he got the deal. Yeah. Zelinsky literally today sent him a letter and said, yeah, all right. Vladimir Putin as, as we knew he would when we were watching. 'cause he had no choice. I, I swear the Democrats told him he could go in there. You know the American people. Well, what was it? They'll greet as Greet him as a conqueror. Yeah. Greet him as a Liberator. A liberator. Yeah. Reagan. And not Trump in office. In the 1980s, Trump would've lost us. The Cold War. Donald. That Trump that is bad. Trump actually suggest now I'm sorry. We elect him. 'cause he would've lost us. The Cold War doesn't believe we're An exceptional nation. He Would've lost World war. He would've lost the Spanish American War.


He's not Perfect. But I stand with the majority of American. I Stand with the rough riders, Still essential, Unparalleled. And I would rather have American leadership over Chinese or Russian leadership any day of the week. Oh wow. Me too. Because for generations, America Has offered Something better. Our security and our prosperity. Yes. But our democracy, our very system of government has been the aspiration of the world. We tried to, and right now it's at risk. It's at risk When the President decides, you can pick and choose what rules you wanna follow when he ignores court orders and the constitution itself. Or when elected leaders stand by and just let it happen. But it's also at risk when the president pits Americans against each other.


When he demonizes those who are different and tell certain people they shouldn't be included. Are You doubling down on trans? Because tell me who You are. America is not just a patch of land between two oceans. We are more than that. Generations have fought and died to secure the fundamental rights that define us. Those rights and the fight for them make us Well, This woman has secured a career. If there's an opening View, drivers risk takers. Innovators. And we are never satisfied. No, she's too good for the view Is America's I'm, I'm actually somewhat impressed with her. No. I've lived and worked in many countries. I've seen democracies flicker out. I've seen what life is like when a government is rigged. You can't open a business without paying off a corrupt official.


You can't criticize the guys in charge without getting a knock at the door in the middle of The night. That's why I'm announcing I'm becoming a Republican. The of countries that a ballot drop boxes used all over unsupervised, widespread mail-in ballots, contrary to the state constitution. Don't Need your don your identification to vote. Yeah. I know a lot of you have been asking that question first. Don't tune out. It's easy to be exhausted, but American. All right. I'm officially saying let's tune out. I know. Pretty Close. I'm not joking math. As soon as she said we can't tune out game over. I will say I have truly, I'm not, we're, this is not a joke. I do not know who this human is. Yeah. But she's very, I get the sense that she's from Michigan.


I think she, this is maybe one of the best responses that I've Ever seen. Consider this indictment of the Democrat Party. They had to find someone who was reasonably normal. Yeah. And they scoured I anyone We've ever heard of, Anyone's we've ever heard of. And, and anyone that we might've even like seen on TV one time. Yes. And they came up with the dog catcher from Michigan or whatever. I have no clue what position she Operate. She took her name. Her name according to the control booth is Alyssa Slot. Oh, it's Slot. Actually, she is like a name she ran. You know, she, she's actually, she is a member of the Senate. I didn't even recognize her though. Is she a member of the Senate? Yeah. She, so I feel bad about this Slot can rant. I don't feel bad at all. She, 'cause also that was a close race and that was very frustrating this cycle.


But you know, it, it is, it is funny 'cause like this woman, so she's relatively new. That is also why people don't like, recognize her. She's kind of new to her job and they do try to pick fresh faces. Yeah. You know, they did it with Katie Britt last year for the Republicans. And this is the worst job in politics. Yeah. It's, it's, you never Do it. Right. So that's why I'm, that's why I'm quite impressed with Yeah. Yeah. I'm also, it's a very moderate speech. Yes. It's so moderate in fact that it is actually difficult to distinguish most of what she just said. Well, that's right from what Trump actually Well that, That's what I mean. It's, she's, she's actually attacking the Democrat's policies and pretending that the Republican's ball. Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Pablo, can you please bring in the basket?


A basket? Yeah. Oh my Holy angel of mercy. What on earth is that? That Is a lot of fruit. I'll say I Had to get the strongest man on this property to even get that thing out there. Paval. Is it heavy? Yes. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? I cannot imagine that. Who could imagine having to eat all of that fruit in one day? What about every single day? How many Polish men would we go through? That would be absurd.


You wanna get all of that nutrition, but you don't wanna be sickeningly stuffed with fruit or breaking the bank on an absurdly large basket of healthy food. Or taking the time it would take to eat everything in that basket. Let me introduce to you, balance of nature. With balance of nature, fruits and veggies. There's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and vegetables daily. 31 fruits and veggies to be exact. Drew, can you eat 31 fruits and veggies every day? You're damn straight. I can, I'm not a wimp like you, but I prefer not to. Mm haha. Because it sounds miserable and time and it drips in my beard. But I can take one of these balance of nature, takes fruits and vegetables, freeze dries them and turns them into powdered capsules. It sounds painful, but take it from me. It is. Take balance of nature, fruits and veggies every day. And your body will do the rest. I don't wanna see that. Do that in the privacy of your own home. Go to balance of nature.com and use promo code backstage for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS get a free bottle of Fiber and Spice. That's balance of nature.com promo code backstage.


Ow that hurt. Because you don't take balance. I'm not healthy enough. You're a weak. That's it. God, I Miss Shapiro. That's quite a display guy. Are so, Are we cutting back to the, the trash collector from Michigan or we're not the mayor of political Michigan. I could actually, I'm not joking. I have a monitor here and I could see the audience numbers beginning to plummet The minute He was speaking. Yeah. You know, but It was, look, We had just, we had just heard that speech. It was a repeat. Yeah. So, so where is Shapiro and Walsh? They're out drinking with the Senate. Difficult To, difficult to get out of the house chamber, but they are, we do think there's some chance that they'll make it back to Speaker Johnson's office. I to Be able to, I think it's possible.


LA last year I was up there, I was actually sitting right behind Tennessee Governor Bill Lee and Bill Lee. If you're a governor, it turns out you get to keep your cell phone during the State of the Union. Most people do not. And you get a heads up from Secret Service before the president's about to wrap. So you can get out of there before they lock you down. So they lock you down in the house chamber and you just kind of sit there and schmooze with the people to your right and left. What's a little weird, not if you're sitting as Ben and Matt, were with Riley and the Speakers gallery, but when you're sitting just with the ho ploy with the regular, you know, members, guests, you are often sitting next to Democrats.


So you know, some people who might be fuming about the speech or might, you know, it's a little bit awkward, but you make small talk and you know, it takes something like half an hour to get out of there. Yeah, of course. Now, happily, because you know, now the Republicans are back in charge in DC I think Ben and Matt will be able to broadcast from the Capitol. So it won't take them five hours to get out there. And, and we might be able to hear what it was like in the room. But of all the state of the unions that I've watched, one in person, all of the rest of 'em on television, I think that was the best one I've ever seen. Yeah. I I have to say it was a bit rambling at in places Trump speeches can sometimes be and went longer than it needed to as Trump speeches almost always do.


He's sort of like the modern Martin Scorsese of speech makers. You're like some, somewhere in there. There was a perfectly good 90 minute the greatest Master of this Yeah, yeah. Of our generation. How, However, it was the most fun state of the union. Yes. No Question address I've ever seen. No question. He was there. It was triumphant. And you said it before he was enjoying himself. You know, he had some great lines too. I mean, what a, what a mic drop moment to be able to say. Oh yeah. And Zelensky just called and wants me to make a peace deal. Yeah. With Russia. That's a, that's a it. One week ago people were essentially saying the world order was over. Yeah. There's gonna be a unified European army and Yeah. And now he's just getting exactly what he wanted Le less than one week ago.


Friday afternoon. Friday afternoon. And and you know, when he, when he said to Zelensky, you don't have the cards. That was true. Yeah. You know, I mean, you could, you knew that was true when he was saying it, and, and you, it really, nobody really asked like, what was Zelensky thinking? You know, even, even if, you know, there was this idea that it had been some kind of setup that they were waiting to line and wait from him. But what did Trump have to gain from that? Nothing. Where Zelinsky spent 40 minutes kinda sighing and rolling his eyes, needling Them, some needling provoking jd. Not, we started That part. Know, and Trump, Trump remained very gracious to him until that moment when Zelinsky said, you are going to feel this. You don't feel it now. Yeah. And he was like, don't tell me. And I was kind of like, Ooh. You know, that was, that was a mistake.


There are a couple theories on it. One is that Zelinsky wanted there to be a tense moment to spur Europe to, to a greater rate. 'cause he kind of knew that Trump wanted a peace deal. And if Trump negotiates a peace deal with Putin, then that's gonna all concessions from Ukraine. Yeah. And Zelensky doesn't want that. The other theory that was going around some of the press was that Zelensky was talking to some of his friends from the past Democrat administrations, many of whom have been integral in American policy in Ukraine going back to 2014 even. And, and that maybe they encouraged him not to play nice with Trump. And so then I have this image afterward of, you know, Zelensky running up to Victoria Newland like, I will kill you. You are going to make me dead.


I, You know, like, what Did you do to me woman? You know, and so clearly within 48 hours or something. Yeah. He's back on the horn to the White House. Yeah. It looks like they have a deal. That Was clearly a mistake. And you know, the thing is, no matter if Biden had negotiated this deal, if that woman who ran for pr, I can't remember her name, had nego, you know. Oh yeah. Kamala. Oh, yes. Yeah. I can't remember. I forgot name. But if she had negotiated the deal, same thing would've happened. Putin would've gotten some of the stuff that he'd already stomped on. And, and that would've, they just would've had to settle for that. There was never going to be, you know, the Ukrainians were never marching on Moscow. No. That was not something that was gonna happen. I find it distasteful that some on the American right now are sort of, are playing the Putin as the great defender of Christendom.


So I I hate that. It's absolute nonsense. Vladimir Putin's the aggressor in the warrior invaded Yep. A sovereign nation in Ukraine. He's, he Has missiles pointed at us. He has nuclear missiles pointed at us right now. He's not our friend, but Ukraine can't win this war. Right? Yeah, That's Right. That can't be done. The other, I know we're not allowed to have any historical nuance or anything in here, but the, some of the territories that we're talking about, most notably Crimea, have been contested for Yeah. Millennia. And, you know, many centuries at this point, and have historically been part of Russia and have been considered very important to Russia. And so, like I know a Americans decide they're gonna become experts on every issue overnight. But this is a complex issue. And that was kind of Trump's point in the, in the oval offices.


You know, look, we are gonna have to come to a deal here. Right. Unless you wanna be like the Democrats and just have it be a meek grinder forever with no end in sight. But if you, if you are gonna have a deal, then you need to figure out what these strategic objectives are and the interests and where is it there. We can, it's Also different in kind than any war that we've seen in our, in our lifetime. I'm, I'm not making an age joke, but you actually have seen things like this. Michael and I have not. Yeah. This is a war where the, the Battle of Ponto. This is a war where the casualties are in the seven figures. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, America lost something like 5,000 troops in the totality of the war, on the war on terror.


You're talking about hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians and Russians have died in the last three years in this war. When we say meat grinder, we're not, we're not being rhetorical. It's a world, it's a world war. I kind of stalemate that. They're just that is correct. Killing each other. And, and the other thing about it is, you know, you don't have to make excuses for Putin or say that it's a good thing that he invaded to understand that in these situations power matters. Yes. And who is in power matters. And we're not going in there. We're not putting boots on The ground. No. America. America, and this is the other thing, because the Putin apologists make of him this larger than life figure. And they wanna say, well, America couldn't beat Putin. Of course America could beat Putin.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Europe could beat Putin if they set their mind to it. Right. Europe and America would destroy Putin at risk of nuclear war. Yeah. Yeah. Which is why it will not happen. It it will not happen because it cannot happen. Yep. And, and, and just on a, I don't think this is really cynical, but on a realistic level, China is the threat to America. We are not under threat from Russia. China is the threat. China and Russia have formed an alliance. This is a way of breaking that alliance. It is better for Putin to be friends with us, who will not try to devour him than friends with China who will devour him last. And, and Putin knows that. He knows when he's not looking at Xi and thinking he's a great guy. I look into his eyes and she's soul and he's, you know, he's gonna be good to me. He knows that the, the price of an alliance with China is Russia ultimately.


Yeah. And he won't have to pay that price to us. And so if we separate them and we have to make a little bit nice to him, you know, it's distasteful. I I think it is distasteful, but it may just be necessary. That's right. We have to be ready for China. And that's the one thing I think is in Trump's mind in a way that it's not in the minds of our intelligence community. And I don't know why it's not, but it's not maybe because the head of our intelligence is name H some, I Don't know. The one thing that I found disappointing in the foreign policy part of the President's speech is that he didn't talk about the new trumpet, Stan colony in what was formerly the Gaza struck. I wanted at least three paragraphs. Murra, Gaza, Gaza Mag, Gaza, Mag Gaza, international Hotel and Casino.


Yeah. You know, part of that, when, when that announcement came out, everyone lost their minds. As is often the case when President Trump makes big declarations. And some people still haven't learned it 10 years into this thing. But you know, when Trump throws something out there, he is often negotiating or speaking past the sale to you, Scott Adams' phrase. And so in this case, why didn't he bring it up? Because he, well, just look at the news today of the Arab states coming in and saying, no, no, no, hold on. Yeah. Gimme a second. We don't want you to, we're maybe we'll be involved in this. And may maybe that sort of thing is what Trump was actually after. Obviously he was, and he was also after putting paid to the two state solution, which is what the, the dumbest idea that people have clung to for decades.


You know, it's like one state called Israel another state that wants to kill Israel. It'll be perfect. So, and I think, I think he just avoided that for exactly for what you said. He had negotiated them into a position, which we said at the beginning where he would be able to say to them, okay, what's your idea? You don't want me to build my hotel in Gaza? What's your idea? Yeah. And now there's, Because they're, they were in sort of a stalemate of these two notions and no one was moving. Yeah. And then Trump just came in and dropped this wild idea and everyone sort of just stopped and said, wait, what? Wait, hold on. BB Netanya when he, wait, Hold on. Yeah. Did I catch that? Right. We didn't talk about this. I mean, I was a little surprised he didn't mention it. Only because as we knew they would, the Hamas is violating, you know, not going forward with the ceasefire and has not returned all the hostages.


And I assume Israel is gonna go back in there and kick some ass. And I think that he probably didn't want to seem to have incited it, you know? Right. Yeah. Though he's going to support it. I Suspect he's going to support it. And it is, at this point, it's a FTA complete. Yeah. Of course. Israel's going back into the Gaza trip. I thought it was, you know, it's funny, on the, on, at the, at the inaugural ball that we were at, they interviewed me on the red carpet and they asked me what I thought of the deal. And I said, well, the deal is terrible, but we know the Hamas is gonna break it, and we know that Trump is gonna support them when they go back in. Right. And that was kind of, kind of the setup of the deal, that it was always gonna come to this, you know, but he got the win that he needed, you know, so he could, he didn't stand in the way of a, of, of a ceasefire, which would've been bad for him, and it would've been bad for everybody.


He also, but he's now going to support Also in terms of foreign policy. He presented tariffs in a way that was digestible Yes. And common sense to people. First of all, I mean, I, I've been advocating throughout the campaign that really, the key phrase here has gotta be common sense. That's why, I mean, and I'm, I'm not the first to notice it, it goes back to Antonio Ramey and many other political thinkers. But, you know, he, he held onto that. And so when, when we're talking about free trade or tariff theory or these kind of complex economic concepts, it's a little difficult for any, even someone who's studied economics to really grasp what he's talking about. And so when he says, look, you guys charge us a lot of money for our products, but you expect us not to charge you a lot of money when you bring your products into our market, which is much more valuable.


That's not gonna happen. We're gonna have tariff parody. Yeah. Okay. And if we get into a trade war, I promise you we're gonna win. Yeah. That is really clear common sense thinking that doesn't require a degree in economics. I, I have to say, I, I am maybe the only person America, who does not know what the result of the tariffs will be and will openly admit it. But that did make sense to me. You know, I mean, I thought like that, I, I thought it was a sensible enough rhetorical argument for something that I think is somewhat nonsensical in practice. I'm completely against the tariffs. I think using tariffs as a form of leverage to get us better trade deals than we might otherwise have, which we've seen President Trump do in the past, is a perfectly good thing to do. But free trade has been very good for America. And the dollar being the standard currency basically of all global Trade.


Yeah. That's been good for us. It is very, very good for us. And that's the thing that you do not want to lose in that you put at risk with this tariff, but the Globalist trade has not been so good for us. You know, it's not Been good for everyone. Yeah. The, the idea that the center of the country is going to be gutted of jobs, but your iPhone is gonna cost less because it's made by slave labor has not really worked out for us. You know, he's, he's, he's right. Remember, this is why his first inaugural speech was called Dark because he talked about American carnage. I was out there during the Biden administration and all the boarded shops and all the people outta work and all the closed factories. It was heartbreaking. Yeah. And I, and I think he was right about that. So if he, he can bring America back to the place where we support American goods and still can have free trade, I mean, that would be better than the globalist trade that we were dealing with.


Well, I think that if we're gonna talk about things that none of us understand, we should bring someone on who doesn't understand some of them. And that is Matt Walsh and also Ben Shapiro. You guys are at the Capitol. What was the energy like in the room? I mean, it was pretty outstanding from where we were sitting. Well, I mean, right now we're just wondering why we're here. 'cause I mean, well, we're exhausted. I mean, it's been a very, very long evening. Yeah. And, and my, my annoyance is you sent the two most easily annoyed people in America To this. And, and, and now you're bringing us back and it's 1135 at night. So I Have not, I have not clapped in, I have not clapped that much, like in total in my entire life as I did in, in the room.


So it's a lot, it's a lot of clapping. I will say that, that I thought it was a, a great speech. I, and I, I thought, but for me, unfortunately, being in the room, even though it was a, a really good speech, the, the big takeaway is just the Democrats, and I'm sure you guys have covered it, but the, the, the, the performance by the Democrats, I thought was just disgraceful and ridiculous, and being in the room, I mean, I, I don't know how much you pick up on camera. I'm sure the one guy standing up and refusing to leave that, that certainly made it in. But the, it just constant comments, the, the little stunts, they're, they're looking down at their phone. They're, you know, I had the, a woman who was right in front of me down below, who was like taking angry selfies of herself and texting 'em to her friend.


I, I could see that happening. So this is, this is what the, the lawmakers were busy doing. Matt, did you Photo bomb any of the selfies for this Democrat woman's friends? Just like I, I, I got, I I did. I, I, I got in one of 'em, I got in in one of her that she sent to a friend. But, but I, I, to, to me, the, the, the, the thing that kind of tells you everything you need to know is that the Democrats sat on their hands and did not clap anything. They didn't, you know, they didn't clap a child cancer survivor. They didn't clap planting a, a flag on, on Mars. They didn't clap, you know, protecting Americans from crime killing terrorists and all of that. The only thing they clapped for, the only thing that they clapped for was Ukraine. That was the one single applause line from the Democrats.


And I think that that sort of tells you everything you need to know about the Democrat Party, which is just nothing. But a, They didn't even clap for their own vote. There was one point where Trump thanked them for voting for Marco Rubio for Secretary of State. They didn't even clap for that. I mean, it really was an, an impressive show. And they kind of were gradually walking out. Like you could see Bernie Sanders, maybe 15, 20 minutes before the end, he gets up and he walks out and you can see a bunch of the Democratic Congress people starting to file out kind of slowly during, during the, the actual event. You know, president Trump's energy was, was really good. I mean, p President Trump is happy to be there. He's in a very good mood. Obviously Republicans love him. They were, they were really pumped. They were really ready to go. A lot of enthusiasm. And I gotta tell you, the Democrats felt dead. They felt dead. I mean, it felt like the, the Arab been sucked outta their side of the room.


Not just 'cause they were depressed 'cause they lost, but also because there's just no juice to the resistance anymore. It feels as though they, they have kind of lost their, their points of opposition. And, and so they're kind of sitting there in, in weirdly disparate fashion with signs that read different things. And they're holding them up. And, and we're supposed to take away from that, that they're, they're unified. The only points of unity they seem to be able to find in opposition to President Trump. Where at one point they tried to start a chant of January 6th, which is so played out, is to be meaningless at point. Oh my gosh. And then again, when, when they applauded Ukraine, which, which again was less about their love of Ukraine and much more about their belief that President Trump is a, a ca ball of Vladimir Putin. So, as far as the speech itself, yeah, I think that it was very clear that President Trump was focusing in on two really, really big themes, aside from the tariffs, which I heard you guys talking about.


The, the two big themes that he kept coming back to. And he actually did come back to them multiple times. He actually would go away from 'em and then come back to 'em again. Illegal immigration. He beat the border to death tonight. And I, I think that that was actually a really smart strategy because it is the greatest single success of his administration so far. I mean, when we were talking to Tom Holman earlier, the stats that he was citing are extraordinary. And, and when President Trump brought that up and talked repeatedly about the damage that criminal, illegal immigrants have done in the country, and it kept going back to that, that is a huge issue. It is a, it is a, an entire country moving issue. And then the other big issue is, of course, one that is all near and dear to our hearts. I mean, obviously we all care about illegal immigration, but the one that maybe The Daily Wire has taken the lead on as a company more than any other company in America, is the trans issue. President Trump spoke about it.


He left it, he came back to it, he came back to it repeatedly. And we had the pleasure, Matt and I sitting next to Riley Gaines, who of course has also been a, a big sort of character in, in pushing forward the, the notion that traditional sex actually is the metric for, for how we measure human beings in terms of, for example, sports. And the, the energy in the room for those two issues was extremely high. He, he gave what I thought was properly short shrifted foreign policy, actually, because he is a domestic policy president. Right. He said, we're gonna strengthen the military. We're going to, we're going to rebuild our shipping, we're going to build Golden Dome. Right. Which is to take on Iron Dome. Even though Iron Dome, you know, for the record is, is actually a, a system for shooting down short range rockets. And Golden Dome would be presumably a large missile defense system designed for shooting down, say, supersonic sort of low, low altitude Chinese missiles.


Yeah. But, you know, same difference. He kind of talked about that, but it was all domestically focused. And I think that's totally appropriate for a president who is in fact, domestically focused. And I know you guys were talking about the tariffs. You know, it, it's interesting to see how he's playing the tariffs, and it'll be interesting to see how they materialize. The big question going forward, I think, for both the economy and for President Trump, is whether the key word in the phrase reciprocal tariff is reciprocal or tariff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if the key word there is reciprocal, I think that, you know, what he's gonna do is what Jeremy, you were talking about, leverage other countries to lower their own tariffs in order so that we can get our tariffs lower and then more free trade for everyone. Yay. Hooray. If, if the key word there is tariff and not reciprocal, meaning what he actually just likes are the tariffs economic theory and history.


Tell that that is a a, that is a dicey proposition. And you can see the effects on the stock market almost immediately. Right? I mean, you've seen it over the course of the last couple of days alone when Dad Jones industrial average dropped 1500 points. So, you know, again, that that is a, that is a dicey game that, that he is, that he's playing right there. If he's fighting inflation, large scale tariffs tend not to lower inflation. They tend to increase, you know, sort of prices of goods and services because you're limiting supply while leaving demand exactly the same, which obviously increases prices. And then the question is just gonna be whether it is a leverage play or whether it is a principle play that he sort of likes tariffs and has a vision of the world in which everyone reshore to the United States, and we export, but we don't import. Which, you know, again, I think that that is likely to result in some pretty dire economic side effects.


Well, This is, this is to me the most interesting question because the guy is a good poker player and it's hard to read it. You know, on the one hand, there are people, though I know it's un pop unfashionable in our day and age, but there are people who make a serious principled economic argument for tariffs. And there's a long history of tariffs in the Republican party going back to Abraham Lincoln who said, gimme a tariff, I'll give you the greatest country on earth. Now, that obviously fell out of favor in the middle to the latter part of the 20th century. But there is a world in which, and Trump has been, I think, advancing this view that he really believes, as a matter of principle in tariffs, and many of his economic advisors do as well. However, Trump is a deal maker, right? He is promoted free trade, a global free trade for, you know, many years of his career.


And so there is also a, a view that he's kind of bluffing. But the thing is, if he's bluffing, he's doing so in an extraordinarily persuasive waying. Yeah. Which is his great strength on the global stage is his unpredictability. So if you are an adversary of the United States, or a trading partner of the United States, that's kind of maybe ripping us off a little bit, and you're trying to read Trump right now, at least 10 to 20% of you has to think the guy might just love tariffs, and I better play my cards real cautiously. Yeah. And, and it is, it does. I mean, I don't know, I'm a simple man when you tell me that they're putting a 275% tariff on milk going out, but we can't put anything on, you know, and I think, well, why not?


I don't understand why we can't play. It's all part of Trump's. We're not your daddy strategy. You know, like we are not here to just support the world. And we have been treated like that, especially by Europe. But we have been treated like that by the country. We are supposed to show up, but they don't have to show up for us. And Trump's, you know, it may be garish, it may be a little boorish to say what, where's what's in it for us all the time. But what is in it for us? We are a sovereign nation. I mean, I think what's, what's in it for us is actually a, is is a pretty good pitch. What's in it for us is a pretty good pitch. Yeah. I think the thing that we do have to remember, however, is that we are also, that there is, there is something in it for us, which is namely that our gigantic national debt is actually funded by other countries who are buying our bonds. I mean, so it it, it turns out that actually there, there are two sides to the story.


It's not just the United States funding everybody else. The reality is that everybody else is also funding us by holding the dollar as the global reserve currency and then holding bonds that they can easily transfer into dollar. So again, economics is a bit of a sensitive game. And, you know, the, the, the one thing, and this is the thing that I really fear for, for President Trump's administration, the one thing that can send things south, because the Democrats are so gone, they're so gone. I mean, that's what you can see in the room. They have lost it. They've lost it. When it comes to the, the trans issue, they've completely lost it when it comes to illegal immigration. They've completely lost it. They're just so far from common sense. The one thing that could really hurt Trump is an economic downturn. It's the one thing he cannot afford. No president can afford it President Trump more than most because he's seen as a pro, correctly as a pro-business president.


And so anything that can be done to avoid an economic downturn is the thing that he really has to do. The good news about Trump, I think, is that even if he loves tariffs, like adores them, president Trump also even more than that, likes good headlines and does not like bad headlines. And so if the economy starts to go south, they, this is one area where President Trump will stick and move. Though, Again, even on that point, Trump seems to, in recent weeks and even in that speech tonight, be preparing the American people for some potential short-term economic, he says, look, it's gonna be a little tough in the short term. But, so a again, i I, I don't exactly know how to read it because that might just be him bluffing really well to say. No, I am really serious about Joe.


I understand it case. I, I don't know that Donald Trump bluffs. Hmm. I think that Donald Trump changes. I don't think that Donald Trump is fundamentally ideological. He, he fundamentally wants to make a deal. And so I, I think that one of the reasons that he is so unpredictable is because everyone assumes that there is some other motive at play when in fact, it may just be as simple as the thing's unfair. I'm gonna put tariffs on it. And if somebody comes back to me and there's a better deal to be made in the future where I take the tariffs off because something good's happening, then that'll be the thing that I'm for. I don't know that he is, I don't know that Trump is sophisticated. Hmm. And I don't say that as a knock on Trump.


I'm actually saying it kind of as a good thing. Like, I just don't think that he is. Yeah. I, I don't think that he is that, I don't Know. I think he, he has this way of looking at things in a, in a general way that seems, it seems unsophisticated, but it is not. He can't have won as often as he's won with and be unsophisticated. I think what he does is he thinks differently. He thinks in a gestalt saw style that everybody calls gut politics. But it's really a way of seeing the world in, in total. And sometimes I, I do believe that sometimes even he hasn't got his whole strategy worked out. Look, there are gonna be some bad headlines. You cannot bring down inflation without increasing unemployment. There are gonna be bad headlines. And I notice nobody's talking about unemployment because it always goes up when inflation goes down.


And, and so no one is talking about it. So they're waiting, it's lying in Wait. So that when it goes up, they can hit him with it. He's gonna have some bad headlines happened to Reagan when he brought down inflation. The unemployment went up and it cost him his majorities in the, in the legislature. But, but still, I, I do think he has an idea of what he's doing. And I do think, I don't think he bluffs. I think he makes a deal and takes an extreme position. Yeah. Knowing that's not where he is gonna end. Right. Right, Right. Yeah. I I I, I think, and I, I agree with that. I, I don't see this as a bluff at all. I mean, it might change. That might, might be the case that it changes. I certainly don't think that it's a bluff because I mean, I agree with Drew that I think Trump, Trump thinks in a, his great appeal is that he thinks in a very simple way, which is not to say simplistic, but I I say simple.


I, I consider myself to be a, a simple guy in a lot of ways, which is just, you look at an issue like this, well, why should they slap us with higher tariffs than we put on them? I mean, you did it to us. Why shouldn't we do it to you? It's a pretty, it's the same thing with Zelensky, if it, the White House and the I and it's, it's like, Hey, we, we gave you all of this, and so if we're gonna give you this, then we expect something in return. It's, it's, you know, in that case, it's, it's kind of similar to the, you know, the, I say to my kids all the time, you're in my house. You, you, you know, you, you know, you're under my roof. It's my food. You're gonna, you're gonna play by my rules. Every father says that I gave you javelin missiles, and it's kind of a, it's, and you're gonna listen to Me. Right. Exactly. I say that, I say that to my kids all the time.


I give you all the weapons, so you're gonna play by my rules. So, and, and I think most, most people hear that and think, yeah, well it, it kind of makes sense. Like why not? And that's, that's the way that I, I look at it, By the way, credit to Zelensky for recognizing that he really, really needed to put out a statement before this speech. Yeah. I mean, seriously, like Zelensky blew that meeting on Friday in a massive, massive way. Right. I, I went through on my show, like the entire details of that meeting, like went through all 50 minutes of that particular meeting and Zelensky really blew it. And then he continued to blow it. And then today he came back and he said the thing he was supposed to say, which is, we're very, very grateful for all the support. We're ready to sign a earth mineral deal. We're trying to get to the end of this war. And so tonight, instead of President Trump spending half the speech Shellacking Zelensky in Ukraine, instead President Trump did what he does, which is he pocketed the victory.


And, and again, this goes back, I think we're all saying very similar things here. I I don't think that that President Trump when it comes to these policies is, is sitting there thinking, okay, if I make, if if I move my rook here, they're gonna move their night here. And then if they move their night here, I'm gonna move my bishop here. Checkmate. Like that's not how President Trump thinks. The way that he thinks is much more like, I'm gonna do this thing. And if you're responding in the way that I want, then we can make a deal. And if you respond in the way, I don't want, I'm gonna hit you. And you know what? Most policy can actually get done fairly well that way. I, I, I will say I did enjoy the break with tradition that was pretty evident from the beginning of the speech. I think this is what he meant when he said, remember he had, he put out this truth social in all caps. I'm gonna speak plainly tonight. And everybody's like, I don't know what that means.


Like when has he ever not spoken plainly? When, when, where is the subtlety my man? But it's, but you know, I think what he meant, I'm gonna speak plainly. What he meant was, I'm just gonna, if I feel like banging on the Democrats, I'm just gonna bang on the Democrats. When he started off right at the, I mean, it was hysterically funny when he started off right near the top and he said, listen, I've been doing this for five years. Five years I, five times I've come to you. They never clapped once. I don't even care anymore. Like, I'm sorry. That's really funny. And it cussed through the bullshit of the entire sort of evening, which is, you know, propped up as this sort of almost post imperial event. I, I've spoken on the program a thousand times about how much I, I generally hate State of the Union dresses. I will say it was kind of funny 'cause it felt like kind of a post state of the union, state of the union Across the world.


I'll go was just like, I'll Go a, a step further was kind like, I don't think that it was just funny. Although it was certainly funny. I don't think it was just plain speak and shellacking the Democrats, although it was certainly that it was also a perfect trap that he put them in because once he said Yes, they cannot clap for me no matter what. He took all the tools that they had. Yeah. I mean this is the reason all their shenanigans basically fizzled out in the first three minutes. 'cause what was left once he had already established here's how the game's gonna get played When he promoted no tax on tips, a policy that the Democrats stole from him and campaigned on That's right. And they couldn't even applaud for it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They looked absolutely ridiculous. Had he not made that, those remarks at the beginning of the speech, they would've clapped for the 13-year-old boy.


Yeah. And by the way that I agree that Trump has good gut and everything like that, but I do think he also has strategic sophistication. Maybe that's one area where I disagree. That was clearly a trap and Oh yeah. And it worked very well. Yeah. And I, I don't mean that he doesn't have strategy, but it's not the kind same kind of strategy. But I can't remember which one of you guys said it, but he's not, he's not talking about a chess game. Yeah. Yeah. He's more talking about a kind of, like I said, a gestalt and Yeah. An atmosphere that he knows how to move through. And he really expertly, you know, Well fell isn't, He's also really funny. He's, He's really funny. He's just hilarious. He was very in the room. It was in the room. It was very funny. There, there were a lot of things that we were chuckling at in the room for sure. Yeah. I'll say that this was my first time I've been in a room for actually in the room for a Trump speech.


And, and you, you know, I knew he was a really funny guy. But that's one thing you appreciate when you're in the room, just kind of the energy of it and sort of the aside comments and I don't know, being in the room, you, you kind of A little hand motions. Yeah. At the very beginning, they're clapping for him and he actually did the Trump dance. Yeah. I mean, could you, I dunno if you guys, I didn't see that on camera. No, we didn't. He actually did when they, when they were doing the, when they were giving like the big ovation, I dunno if they're panning in the crowd, whatever. He literally stepped to the side of the podium and did the This thing. Yeah. I, I noticed this and It was, it was really funny, like really funny At the MSG rally right before the election. I noticed it was the first time I'd seen him in, in person, I think ever. Certainly that close. But I think maybe in person and he gets up on stage and I realized, oh, I get it now.


He's Elvis that, that's his thing. Yeah. He's, he's actually Elvis, that's what he, it's not that he is Reagan, it's not that he is Bush. He's, he's Elvis. And there was a, speaking of these great little moments and these great little asides, there's one that no one is talking about, but he killed me, which is that Trump was talking about illegal immigration. And he goes, and these people, you know, coming over murderers, human traffickers. And then he just points to the Democrats in the room, like these murderers, human traffick. And I thought, well, you know, s shoe fits man, Truly the most entertaining state of the union. Yep. No question that I've ever seen. Yeah. And you know, I, I had a kind of sadness watching it because Donald Trump's not a young man.


No. Like this. We are, we are in the end of whatever this is. And you know, four years is a long time. We get to take, we get to enjoy the ending of it. But like Eight years with a third term. Yeah, Thank you. But it was the first time that I felt the kind of nostalgia for Donald Trump and I was feeling it while he's still president, because we will never see anything like this. No, no, no. Yeah. It's, it's going to be, well it's gonna be the, the last great administration of my lifetime. But it may be the last great administration of your lifetime too. 'cause they don't come along Though. I am hopeful for the, the reign of Baron Octa and Augustus Trump. And I don't know if it'll be exactly like this, but, but you know, Augustus was actually better than Julius in anyways, so we'll see.


Fellas, I know it's s late in DC and you have shows to do tomorrow. Thanks for hanging out with us. Thanks for coming back after fighting your way through whatever mob there was and signing autographs for Congress people and Bobert. I know there's just all kinds of weirdness that you guys had to, had to deal with, but it was a good night. Yeah. Very A marvelous night, Marvelous night. Thanks to all of our Daily Wire dot com subscribers for hanging out with us, making it possible for us to do this work.


We do have one fun thing going on and that is that Ben is leading this crusade to get President Trump to consider pardoning Derek Chauvin of the federal charges. Yeah. That he was convicted of forward won't mean that he gets out of jail, will mean that he has to go to a state prison. But it will still be the beginning of correcting this horrible injustice. And we have a petition@pardonderek.com. We'd love for you to sign it as we're letting President Trump know that this is still an important issue that he is, he's given all these great pardons already. Yeah, yeah. In his time as president. But there is like one guy who's obviously still been left on the field and that's Derek Chauvin. So head over to pardon derek.com and add your name to our petition today and we'll see you guys back here next time for Daily Wire Backstage.