
Hey folks, Ben Shapiro here. Don't miss our latest episode of Daily Wire Backstage. Join me, Jeremy Boring, Andrew Klavan, Michael Knowles and Matt Walsh as we discuss everything surrounding the release of Jordan B Peterson's brand new Daily Wire Plus series The Gospels Plus why people are going to church less and less, but buying the Bible more and more. It's really interesting stuff. Take a listen.


Welcome to Daily Wire Backstage. I'm Jeremy Boring, joined by Ben Shapiro, Andrew Klavan, Matt Walsh and Michael Knowles. We're in for a, a good conversation tonight because a lot's happened since the last time we were with you, of course, that on that occasion we were celebrating the victory of Donald Trump over that other guy, and that other guy was a woman. I, honest to goodness, I honest to Was thinking was Joe Biden was she just disappeared from all of our collective times. We started drinking early. Don't think she never, she never existed. But not only that, there, there's been a lot that's happened in the news, obviously the fastest appointments for a presidential cabinet, I think that we've ever seen in the history of the presidency. But before we get to all that, we've released an incredibly important and I think, special piece of content at Daily Wire this week from our friend Jordan Peterson called The Gospels.


One of the amazing things about having Dr. Peterson on the platform has been being able to host these now two incredible seminars. The first on the book of Exodus, the second one is on a harmonization of the four Gospels where Dr. Peterson assembles intellectuals, people from diverse backgrounds, people of faith, people not of faith, but all people with great insight and intellect to discuss these biblical texts. And you know, one of the things that I read in the news this week is that Bible cells are like at a 40 year high or something in the country. People are very interested in the text of the Bible, and yet church attendance is in decline. And the church in America seems to be following about a century behind the church in Europe in into a sort of post-Christian state.


You know, the, the church is failing, but people's interest in these texts does not seem to be failing, and they seem interested in pursuing the text not through traditional Christian sources, but through thinkers like Jordan Peterson. That's one of the things I wanna talk to you guys about having watched some of the show. But first, Dr. Peterson himself wants to beam in here for a minute and, and tell you a little bit about the series. So here, Dr. Jordan Peterson. Hello everyone. It would've been good to join you for Backstage Tonight, but I'm currently on My Wee Who Wrestle with God tour information about that and information on the book that it's based on is available at Jordan B Peterson dot com.


In the meantime, I wanted to share an announcement of deep significance regarding my work through the biblical corpus. Yesterday marked, the premier of the first two episodes of the new series I did with the Daily Wire, The Gospels. This project constitutes some of the most meaningful work I've undertaken, and I'm very happy to be able to share it with you. The series is an exploration of the most profound and transformative texts in Western civilization. The books of Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. These remarkable ancient stories have shaped the moral, philosophical, and cultural foundation of the free world we live in today.


I was joined in this endeavor by some of my closest friends and colleagues. These are people that you'll recognize from the Exodus series, intellectuals and spiritual leaders who brought along their insights and wisdom for the journey. Together, we unpacked these sacred texts to the best of their ability, wrestled with their meaning, and attempted to uncover and illustrate their continuing relevance to our modern lives. Episode one is available to everyone free of charge. I hope you'll watch it and see for yourself the value this series holds. The remaining nine episodes are available exclusively on Daily Wire Plus I encourage you to become a member and join us as we embark on our voyage through the text.


The stories in The Gospels are not mere tales of the past. They're living accounts, narratives that continue to challenge, inspire, and guide us. If we engage with them fully and in good faith, they can change how we see the world and how we conduct ourselves within it. Thank you all for your continued support of my work and of Daily Wire Plus. Together we have built something extraordinary, something that stands as a bulwark against the chaos of our time. I look forward very much to hearing your thoughts on the new series, The Gospels. Thank you and enjoy the rest of your evening.


As Dr. Peterson says, episode one of The Gospels absolutely free to watch, but new episodes will be premiering every sunday@dailywireplus.com. I think we're still running our Cyber Monday sale as well. So head over there tonight and you'll still get 50% off biggest sale of the year at Daily Wire. Plus members get to watch not only Dr. Peterson's body of work that he is done with us, including The Gospels and the Exodus series, but also hit films like, am I Racist from Matt Walsh in one of these days? Something from Andrew Klavan, a F Dream, A Fellow Dream.


So I wanna talk for a minute about this series, The Gospels. You know, we usually in our December episode talk about things about which Ben knows very little. And so I said, why not make this December backstage in keeping was our holiday tradition. But, but actually, you know, your views of The Gospels wouldn't be more heterodox than some of the, some of the designer ask the people in the show have the people in the show. That's actually what's interesting about what Jordan does, is he, he approaches the text with seriousness and with rigor and, and with even reverence. But he doesn't approach it in a sort of traditional, from a traditional religious point of view.


And people, people seem to be hungry for that kind of perspective on this text. What do you think that's about? You know What, it's funny, I, I asked Jordan about this many years ago in a, in an interview and, you know, basically was teasing him saying, when are you gonna plunk? You know, you yeah. You know, faith is a, is a virtue. And he said, he said, then I, I think people get a benefit from watching me struggle with this because they're struggling with it. And I really do believe that church attendance doesn't bother me. The fall church attendance doesn't bother me, but I don't think we know how far we've fallen from simply approaching The Gospels as an authoritative wisdom text. Years ago, I, I was on this panel for Wedgewood, which does these things about the arts, and they said, if you could have one wish that what the arts would accomplish, what would it be?


And I said, well, at this point, I'd be happy if we could just convince people there's such a thing as truth. And the guy next to me who was a religious wrote religious young adult books started scream screaming at me on the same, you know, you intellectuals, you know, you don't understand that's Jesus is the, Jesus is the only truth. And and I said, Hey, you know, I agree with you, but you don't realize how far we are from understanding that there even is such a thing as the truth that we can find. And so I guess this is important. I think this is important, as you say, this is a heterodox group. I'm, I laugh to see my friend Greg Horowitz, who is a, a very fine thriller writer. He is a colleague, you know, and we've known each other for a long time. He introduced me to Jordan. He's the guy who got me to interview Jordan. But, you know, he wouldn't know Jesus if he died to save mankind, you know?


And, and, and he's a brilliant guy, and I'm always happy to hear his thoughts, but I think that people need to hear this. They need to hear just the fact that people are coming to a text and getting wisdom out of it, instead of imposing their worldview on it, is revolutionary. And I think that that's important. Also, I think that one of the reasons people like to hear what Jordan has to say about the, something like The Gospels and, and scripture generally, is that he has a real, he's really fascinated by the text. And I think sometimes if you, if you grew up Christian and you went to church every Sunday, you, you, you can tend to take the Bible for granted and take The Gospels for granted, and you lose sight of just how it's like it, the book itself is extraordinary.


The fact that we have these writings after 2000 years is extraordinary. The, the, the story behind how these things were written, how they came to us, how they were transcribed by, by manuscripts, and then pieces of manuscripts were recovered and found over, over. It's a, it's miraculous that we even have the books at all. And then when you, you dive into the text as they do in the, in the Gospel series to discover like what each gospel writer is, they're actually trying to do different things with how they tell the story and what parts of the story they tell. And so, I, I think sometimes people gravitate to people like, like Jordan, because along with the insight, he is just very fascinated. He's kind of blown away by it. Yeah. And sometimes if you go to, like I said, you go to church every day and, and or every week and you hear people talk about it, kind of taking it for granted, not, not not approaching it with the, not just the reverence, but the, the fascination that I think these books deserve.


There also is this problem we have in modernity, which is we clearly took a wrong exit at some point. And, and you see that all around us. But if, if you take a wrong exit and you go 500 miles down the road, you don't just get to teleport back, barring some miracle, it's very difficult to teleport back. You have to, you have to take another exit. You have to drive all that way back. And so when you, you see the problems that have come up in western philosophy, and especially theology and religion and ecclesiology for the past, I dunno, 500 years, 700 years, a thousand years, whatever. What I love about the way Jordan speaks about this, and a lot of these other guys here too, by the way, in The Gospels, is they give you a, a bridge back.


So I, I was an atheist for 10 years when I returned to religion, I did not jump headfirst into Thomas Aquinas, right. Or Saint Augustine. I started, I, I read a little CS Lewis, a little Chesterton, a little Alistair McIntyre to find out that virtue even exists. And I became convinced that okay, God in principle could exist. Okay. Then I read The Gospels for the first time really seriously. And I thought, okay, Jesus, I think is who he says he is. And then I read some of the early church writings, I thought, okay, I think the church is kind of what she said she is. And that was a process of years and years and years. So if you have this culture now where people aren't going to church, they don't even believe the truth exists, you need to give them a bridge.


You need to give them a way to get back to reality. I think Jordan does it very well. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think that that is the, the relevant point, and that's exactly the language that, that I would've used is, is the bridge language. I I think that it, you know, whether we took a wrong exit as a, as a whole civilization or not, I think the, the one thing that has happened is that there, there used to be in the West a cohesive view that your secular life and your religious life were one that to be a religious human being. This is mostly how religious people still live, right? Whether you're a religious Christian or a religious Jew, it infuses your whole existence, right? Everything that you do is infused with that value system. And somewhere along the line that was bifurcated, that was bifurcated into sort of the secular side of you, and then the religious side of you and your religious at church and your secular when you're not at church. And as people stopped going to church as much, the these sort, there was a link that was now missing, this, this sort of bridge from one to the other that went missing.


And when people hear, you know, a, a priest or a pastor or a rabbi talk to 'em about religion, they feel like they're, they have a vested interest. My goal is to get you back in the pew. My goal is to get you back in the church or the synagogue or whatever. And so they're likely not to trust it because off after all, somebody, they do have a vested interest. I mean, it's not like a, a hidden secret or anything. And meanwhile, no one in the secular world is talking about these values at all. So when Jordan comes at it from an angle where he says, let's talk about the importance of these things, right? He, I I Jordan's angle, so far as I've heard, unless he changed it in The Gospels, in, in one of the future episodes that I haven't yet seen, and I, I don't think he talks about the much of the historicity, is it, or, or about, you know, his own personal belief in the, in the abso sort of historical veracity of, of what The Gospels are saying, as much as it is about the deep abiding importance of The Gospels.


And that's always the first step to why somebody embraces religion. The reason that people embrace religion is because religion is important, and then they embrace it because they think that it's true. But first they have to think that it's important. Hmm. That matters at all. Yes. Because, because there are lots of things in the world that are true, but you don't invest your entire existence Yeah. In the true thing. You invest your entire existence in the important thing. And very often those important things that you invest your existence in are things that are very hard to prove. I mean, I am, you know, you invest your entire life in, in your marriage, how do you prove that you love your wife? Right? I mean, how, what is, how do you even define love? Right? I mean, a Few kids doesn't hurt, right? I mean, for sure it's so, I mean, listen, that, that's a very juda, that Judaic perspective is of course, exactly that. That the way that you define love is all the things that you do for your spouse in the context of a marriage.


And, and it's very action defined. But the point that I'm making is that, that that's not a truth. Like two plus two equals four. That that, that, that's something that you invest in because it's important to you and it's important to your life. And that's what Jordan is constantly talking about. He'll talk about the importance of these stories. And even as a Jew, I'll agree that these stories are incredibly important. That's what Dennis says also, right? That you can look at these stories, you can say Western civilization was founded on these stories. And some people aren't gonna take that even further. I hope Christians do take that further. I hope that people who are, you know, who are Christian or who used to be Christian, may have fallen away. They take the importance, because I think that most people when they, when they discard religion, they don't discard it because they think that it's false. They discard it because they think that it's not important. Well, they discard it because they think that it's inhibiting To them. It's un it's unspeakable. You know, the therapists today, one of the things I really liked about this is everybody sitting at the table is very, very bright.


Yes. They're very bright intellectual people with, with intellectual lives. Therapists today won't use the word love in public because it's unscientific. And and I think that is at the heart of the problem that we face. And a lot of therapists are women, and they won't use it because the men will tell them that it's unscientific because men think that objectivity is a, is a thing. And so just to have people use the word God, it drives me, it drives me nuts when people, I was just reading a book about the, the poets and how they're connecting us to the cosmos. And the guy said, connecting to something that I would call God. And I was saying this dispensary, and he said, apparently not. Apparently he wouldn't call God, or he would've just said, or you would say God. Yeah. And I think that that just bringing that language back into intellectual life is huge.


It's a hugely, You know, there's also something very important that Jordan does. He does it at the beginning of the series of episode one, which is he draws the parallel between Exodus, which he says is the most important story of the Old Testament and The Gospels. And this is a very traditional and orthodox exegesis. The notion that the exodus is actually the typology of history. All of history is contained in the story of the exodus and is fulfilled. Christians believe in the person of Christ. What's so interesting about Jordan reading The Gospels is that The Gospels are not exactly poetry, they're not exactly philosophy. They're not our cry. Our Lord is not a philosopher. He is the truth, Christians believe. And so The Gospels are, are journalism.


They're accounts that differ from certain perspectives on Yeah. But you know, they No, I agree. Agree. You know, I totally agree with you. And, and so, you know, this is why CS Lewis calls Christianity, The Gospels the true myth that, that for, for people who are watching this, who may be agnostic or atheistic even, they will be lured in by just the myth, by the story, by the metaphor. And the other thing that I think Jordan is very, very good at is part of the atheism of our age comes from people's hubris and scientism. They think that religion is for dumb people. Right? And atheism is for smart people. And Jordan, and everyone on that stage with him is they are smart people.


Yeah. And, and if this happened to me in my atheism, I was a little punk who, who thought he was smarter than he was. And so I returned to, I, I returned it in a different way than other people do. He says he was a little, I, yeah, yeah. Now I'm the real thing. You know, I, I say with my cigar, at the time, I needed permission to believe that smart people could right. Be religious. I think there's one other, I think there's one other piece of this, which we, we've kind of hit a round, but deserves exploration. And that's that Gen X and the millennials are coming into their own right? Gen X in many ways responsible for Donald Trump winning the election a month ago. Our audience at Daily Wire is not the traditional conservative audience.


When, when you tell people you work for the Daily Wire, they go, oh, your audience is, they're all boomers and they're in, they're in red states. That's really not true with the Daily Wire. Our audience is predominantly made up of Gen X and millennials, and it's predominantly urban and predominantly coastal. And so that group of people, which it shocks people when you say it 'cause they think those people don't exist, this election proved that they exist. And the existence of the Daily Wire for the last decade had already proven that they exist. Gen X is defined by a belief that the greatest crime you can commit is to sell out. Yeah. Yeah. The millennials are defined by a belief that the highest virtue is authenticity. Yeah. You can see then that both of those groups of people will despise partisans.


They, that's one thing that distinguishes Gen X and millennial conservatives, for example, from baby boomer conservatives. Baby boomer conservatives are far more likely to find appeal to partisan Thinkers. Partisan hosts, which Gen X and millennials don't. Gen X and millennials wanna listen to shows like yours, which feel more personal, they feel more perhaps honest, because you'll, you will say what you believe, even if it goes against sort of the party line. It's why you're far more likely to find conservatives disagreeing with Republican talking points on the internet than you are Yeah. On cable news, because you're speaking to a completely different group of people with a different set of values.


Part of what, as a Gen Xer, part of what I believe is that ideology is important so far as it goes. And doctrine is important so far as it goes, but they can also both be used to obscure things that are true, right? Yeah. And so, what I love about watching the Exodus series, I, I thought the Exodus series was the best thing we'd ever put out as a company. And I think, you know, I've seen the first episode of The Gospels, and I am already in love with it. What I love about Jordan's approach and, and the other panelists, is that they're not approaching the text as doctrinaire. They're not approaching the text as partisans. They're, it's good that they are outsiders. They're not just telling you talking points about the text that they learned in Sunday.


It kinda goes to your point a minute ago, Matt. They're not just telling you the things that they learned in Sunday school that are sort of wrote and that we take perhaps take for granted or that sound familiar to the point that they don't sound like anything at all. You know, Jordan says that the name of his book, which is number one on the New York Times bestseller list right now, is we who wrestle with God obviously are a allusion to Jacob. To Jacob. They wrestle with the text, right? They're approaching the text as people who are earnest about it in inspired by it, but haven't grown up in a tradition with ne, you know, some of them have, but most of 'em not have not grown up in a tradition. And so you hear ideas that perhaps contain truth that you might not get to through simple doctrine in the same way that in politics, we might, there are things that are true that we don't get to just through ideology.


And I think that that's important to this new audience to whom we speak to whom Jordan speaks, because you Have to build the intellectual scaffolding that will permit you to pursue truth even further. You don't wanna just have it downloaded to your head. That's right. And so once you build that scaffolding, especially with religion, it's not enough just to know the true things. When, when it comes to virtue, it's not enough to know virtuous things. You actually have to do it and put it into your body. And that means if you wanna be holy, you have to pray.


Which is why I'm so happy to tell you about Hallow as Christmas approaches. There is a season that people don't talk about anymore, but it's a beautiful season known as Advent. We need to make America great again, make America healthy again, and make advent solemn again. You need to put God at the center of this season with Hallow the number one prayer app. They're launching a special advent prayer challenge called For God So loved the world that promises a marvelous lineup of, of guides, and wonderful prayers to help you in your spiritual life. This challenge features an incredible lineup of people like Survivalist Bear Grills. It includes Jonathan Rumi from The Chosen, and they will lead you through a severe mercy, a powerful story of faith and divine love. You'll join Pastor Francis Chan and Jeff Cavins for profound scripture reflections, while actor Kevin James explores the spiritual classic divine intimacy. The experience is enriched with beautiful advent music. Yes, there is Advent music, believe it or not, it's not all just Mariah Carey and Jingle Bells from award-winning artists, including Gwen Stefani, Lauren Daigle, and Matt Maher. Drew, I believe you use Hallow. I do use Hallow. I I use it to meditate on scripture guided meditation through the scripture. I use it. I've started to use it for rosaries, which I, I've been experimenting with, and it's great. And you know, Liam Neeson is in it, so I'm afraid if I don't use it, he'll kill me. You know, that's, That's a good inducement. It's more than just daily prayer. It's an invitation to experience God's love, mercy, and healing in a deeper way at a very important time of the liturgical year. Do not wait. Get three months of Hallow for free at Hallow dot com slash daily wire. Make this a time of putting God at the center of your life and experience the good that comes from it. Go to hello.com/daily wire for three months free.


So one of the things that, as we were talking this morning about how to approach conversations about The Gospels our producer Mathis brought me is sort of series of topics. And one of them really stood out to me. And it's in a world where doctrine isn't everyone's path to, to beginning to wrestle with the text of, of scripture. We're, we're sort of forced to reflect on what you might call cultural Christianity or cultural, you know, the, the presence of these sort of religious traditions in our culture, but detached from necessarily faith in them. And because they are pretty pronounced distinctions between the theology of the five of us, I actually thought it'd be kind of an interesting thing to explore for a minute.


This Reminds me of the Chesterton line that We open our minds for the same reason that we open our mouths, namely to close it on something solid. That skepticism has utility only when it leads to conviction. So this is what I love about the gospel series, and really everything that Jordan has done on religion, which is that it gives people an opening, it gives them an entree, and then they need to figure out what they're going to do with that. And so, you know, it seems to me that if God exists it, it's important. It's important to know that. And that seems like a big question. And if God exists, then we want to know something about him and how we relate to him. Well, This is, yeah, to me, this is everything. If God exists and he wants us to know something about him and how to relate to him, then we might wanna come to some conclusions about that.


We, we might wanna live that out in our lives and that will lead us to doctrine. And this is, and that will lead us to sacraments, and it will lead us to, to inform everything in our lives. And you, you ignore that question at your peril and to your unhappiness. I, I read The, the Bible from the age of, seriously, from the age of 15 on and read it many, many times before I became a believer in any kind of God whatsoever. And the only time when I finally understood the Bible was when I started to believe there was a God. And I thought, and I, it came to me that I should be baptized. And I was shocked. I was shocked that this is, this is the voice that was in my head, you should be about. And, and so I thought I'm just gonna go back and read it as if it were true and read it as if it were history. And I've come to a lot of radical and eccentric conclusions about that because I think that if, if a man landed from outer space in the year zero and people wrote that down, certain things would happen.


There wouldn't be this magical thing where every single word could be detached from every other word. Yeah. Yeah. And phrases pulled out, it would just be a report and there would be discrepancies between two people's reports. But they would all have truth if you gathered them together rightly. And to me, this is the reason to believe in God and for me, it's the reason to believe in Christ, because it all happened, it's all real. And, and otherwise you lose me if you're just going for the meaning, if you're just going back Yeah. Hundred percent to the fact that it's foundational. I think what you, what you said about this being journalism, that's the thing that sings for me when I pick up the Bible, I am reading journalism and that means that sometimes I'll hear a guy say something and think, that's not what I would've thought if I had seen what you saw. But that's okay.


You know, that's, I wasn't there. Yeah. I wasn't there. And, and still, and, and, and this thing that you were talking about, about going to these, this literature for wisdom, I, I can't tell you as a person who reads a lot of literary criticism, which most people don't read, I can't tell you how radical that is in this time. The current literary criticism, and then when I say current for the last 50 years, has been essentially to call writers into the doc for why they haven't lived up to your virtue. So you read Jane Austen to see how she was polluted by being part of the Imperial British empire, you know, and that's, that's the kind of Edward Sayeed idea that this is polluted by, you know, imperialism and colonialism and all this stuff.


Whereas my attitude towards literature is no, these people are people of brilliance who are coming to me through time to speak eternal verities that are captured in their moment. And so you, you, I'm taking wisdom from them, I'm not giving my wisdom to them. And that to me is what's great about this. And it's also what's good, I think about going to church and having a tradition of possibly thousands of years of people doing that to relate to, you know, you're, you're going to the past for wisdom not to scold it, not to impose your superior views on it, but to get the things that are always true in are forever True, I think, is that there's a God, another reason why maybe the Bible is becoming popular again in our society, is there, there's the wisdom, there's also just maybe one thing we're missing is, is people live now in a, in a culture where nothing is permanent and we're just surrounded, you know, we've got this constant stream of content on our phone and not everything lasts for two seconds and nothing matters for more than two seconds.


And, and so there's a, there's a permanence to, to the Bible that I think is appealing to pe to people that the, the fact that it has existed and, and, and persisted for more than 2000 years, it something permanent and, and deep and beautiful. Something that feels sacred. I think people are just longing and hungry for, that's one of the reasons why the Latin mass is growing at, at, at a rate much, much larger than, than these kind of more liberal parishes are. Well, you know, s because of that, because of that the synchronism And when, when, when Shai lab buff converted Mostly f FBI agents, but that Yeah. Right. Oh yeah. It's true. There are a lot of federal agents, but that's all gonna end when Trump gets into office. When Shai LaBuff converted to, to your points, when you were talking about, you know, the vested interest of PTs trying to sell things.


One of the reasons Shai LaBuff said he loved the Latin mass, and he told Bishop Baron, who's one of the stars of The Gospels, is he said, I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me anything. And that's very attractive to a lot of people. I mean, the, the biggest factor in all this is something that you mentioned briefly, Michael, which is that we're in a time when people are, are very hungry. So the thing that they're hungry for is one element, and then the fact that everybody is deeply hungry is the other big element. So I made the mistake recently of going back and watching some Woody Allen films, and there there is one, and I'm sure Drew probably likes Woody Allen films better than I do, but no, I'm, I'm not a Woody Allen fan. Okay, interesting. I like his early writing. So there's, so I think that his best film is a film that he made, I believe it was 91 called Crimes and Misdemeanors.


Yeah. S that good. And, and, and this film for, for those who haven't seen it, it's no longer available on streaming. You basically have to bootleg it or, or buy it on DVD or something. And the, the film is about a character, Martin Landau, who is married and he's having an affair with some woman, and the woman starts bothering him. She wants to come tell his wife, she wants him to break up with his wife and all of this kind of stuff. And so he goes to his brother, and his brother is kind of an underworld criminal. And he, the question is, is he gonna have his brother kill the girl? And, you know, spoiler alert, he, he ends up having his brother kill the girl. And he goes through this whole spiritual crisis afterward in which he, in which he thinks about, well, if there's a God, God's gonna be very angry with me for having done this. I looked into her eyes and I saw that something isn't there, that they used to be there.


And you think that maybe Woody Allen, for the first time in his life is actually gonna go in kind of religious direction. And instead he takes this, this wild left turn near the end where they fast forward about a year, and the end of the film is Martin Landau is now hanging out with Woody Allen. They've, they haven't met the entire film. And Martin Lando is telling the story of what happened to him. And Woody Allen says, so what ended up happening? He said everything was fine. He said, because it turns out that I thought there wasn't a God, and if there, if there wasn't a God, then what does it really matter what I did? And, and I, I thought, you know, that that is actually a baldly brave take on what it means for there not to be a like good for Woody yell for actually just saying the quiet part out loud, which is that no, this is Without, this is answer. It's a crime and punishment. This is Right. Exactly. I mean, that's crimes and misdemeanors, right. Crime and Punishment is the idea that, that you are going to repent because there's a loving God waiting for you to repent.


And, and you can still be a useful person after having done something truly evil. But evil does exist, and you have to repent of that evil. But he Makes a spectacular mistake. And because this film in Matchpoint are both his war with crime and punishment, Matchpoint has the wonderful joke that he uses Crime and Punishment as the murder, as his murder strategy. That's what he gets the idea for his murder from Crime and Punishment. It's a great joke, but it ends crimes and misdemeanor with the Jewish philosopher, I think saying there's no, there's no fairness or goodness in life. Is it, is is that one? Yeah, I think it is that one, yes. Yeah. He says, no fairness and goodness likes, so we have to bring in, in creation, creation left out the goodness and the love. So we have to bring it as if we, we Weren't part of creation, but, But, but he, but He, but, but I think the point is that he even undercut his own points that philosopher kills himself.


Yes. Right? So that's so no, everything goes wrong in that film. Right, right. No, but I, I think that the point is that it's the best explication of nihilism that, that I, that I think has ever been put on film. Mm. And it's, and and, and it's that nihilism that we're watching played out in real time throughout the west right now. I mean, I don't think that it's a coincidence that the same civilization that wants to engage with Jordan is the civilization that's determining that it's time to Greenlight euthanasia in the uk Yeah. Yeah. Or that it's decided that the abortion is not just something that should be, you know, it's sad, but but should be legal and rare. It's actually something you should ought to, that you ought to cheer for. When, when you're a civilization that is basically sold out your birthright from massive potage, and you've decided that what you're going to, what you're going to do instead is, you know, engage in essentially sex consequence free.


Yeah. And that the meaning of life is your hedonistic pursuit of pleasure within it. Yeah. That, that opens up this massive gap for somebody who says, wait a second, that's not what a meaningful life looks like. I mean, this is how Jordan became famous, is talking about a meaningful life. Well, it turns out that in the West, the key element of a meaningful life is engagement with this tradition. Hmm. And, and so I, I think that that's why there's been this hunger for the Bible, because if you, everyone tends to compare themselves to their parents, right? Mean this is what we all do. And particularly in an unhappy age, you compare yourself to your parents. Well, the the reality is that there are a lot of kids today who are not as happy as their parents or, or certainly as their grandparents. And so they're looking back even beyond, they're looking at their grandparents and saying, you know, what, what did they have that I don't have? I have better technology, I have cooler stuff.


I have more access to, to all of the forbidden fruits that my, that my grandparents weren't supposed to engage in. And yet here I am miserable. What were they engaged with that, that maybe I'm not, maybe I ought to reengage with the things that, that they were telling me when I was a kid. And so I, I think that, that you're seeing a lot of that and what, what's happening, And this is really the important point that Drew you touched on earlier, which is you just mentioned Ben, that the euthanasia bill so-called a good death. It's the worst kind of death imaginable and suicide. And the UK just voted to kill off vulnerable people. And Canada's done it, and the whole west is going that direction. And Adrian Ver mule at Harvard made a very good point, which is that it is insufficient to argue against assisted suicide on the basis that there's a slippery slope and hard cases.


And some people might actually have violations in their will and their consent as they're killed. He said, that's not gonna cut it. Because if you accept the premise that life is fundamentally one's own, and we have full autonomy over it, and death is just a, a matter of our own individual will, and the whole point of life is to just seek hedonistic pleasure. If you then you've given away the whole game, you actually have to offer something different. So when we talk, I love the introduction to say, why do these stories captivate us? Why do they maybe have meaning, why have they maybe helped us live in civilization for millennia before? You have to keep following that line of thought.


You have to say, why does it seem that they have meaning? Is it possible that they're actually meaningful? Is it possible that there actually is a truth there? That is correct in principle, not just as a matter of utilitarian convenience. What does it even mean for a story to have meaning? It means that somebody's telling it. You know, if, if a story just appears, you know, something just appears outta nowhere, it has no meaning by definition. Yeah. But if I tell you a story, you know, I'm telling you something, I'm telling you about some thought that I have, some vision that I have. And I think when you read, when you look at life and you start to see that it is a story, it does have meaning, you realize it's being told. I mean, you realize you're not, you're not the, the subject, you're not the object of life. You're the subject of life. So here's a, here's a challenging thought that I've been wrestling with the last few weeks.


And, and last night I had this opportunity to go to a, a Presbyterian church here in Nashville. I'm not Presbyterian, but I love this time of year. Some, some call it the most wonderful time Of the year. Thanks Sinat. Right? I think, yeah. And I was looking for, I was looking for things around Middle Tennessee to do sort of in the spirit of, of the Christmas season. And one of the most beautiful church campuses I've, I've seen anywhere but certainly in Middle Tennessee, is this first Presbyterian church here in Nashville. Beautiful, beautiful campus. And they were having this Kaylee, which is a Scottish tree lighting ceremony. And I thought, well, that'd be a wonderful thing to go to. I I want to go. And took my family, took some friends, our business partner Caleb and his family went with us.


And it was wonderful. They had the, the, I won't get the name right, but the pipes and drums of Middle Tennessee, this bagpipe and snare drum group who play, you know, they wear tartans and do traditional Scott Scottish music. And they had the highland dancers of Middle Tennessee who came out and did traditional Scottish highland dancing. And they, and they played traditional songs, but then also Christmas carol's on the bagpipes. And it was a wonderful family sort of event. And it, and at one point, Caleb and I were talking about keeping the old ways alive. 'cause here you're were many thousands of miles from Scotland and many centuries removed from the time when the highland dance was a real thing or the, or the pipe and drums were a real thing.


Right? But, but there are people who maintain those traditions, even in a place like Tennessee so far away. Obviously in British military, there are people who still play the bagpipes and do the dance. But you would never find something like this in, it would be very unlikely to find something like this in a Baptist church happening, or as a form of a Christmas celebration. But here in the Presbyterian church, you would experience it. And that led me to a further thought, which is I'm gonna go to some lessons in Carol's, which is the great Anglican way of approaching Christmas. They have the, the nine lessons. Yeah. It's lovely. Yeah. And it's one of my very favorite things to do.


I love it so much that I almost flew to Britain just to go to, to one this year and decided, well, I found some in Middle Tennessee, so I'm going to this Probably just as good. Yeah. I'm going to the, this Episcopal church next week that has one here in Middle Tennessee. And it's all, it's very musical. And there's these wonderful choirs. And then a week later I'm going to another Presbyterian church that also has one, a different Presbyterian church. And what I realized is all of these churches are keeping these old traditions alive. Even the idea of the, of the sort of choir, and, you know, it's not that churches don't have choirs, but not many churches anymore have choirs. And I thought, well, isn't it interesting that the more liberal denominations are more likely to be keeping the old traditions alive?


And so the most liturgic with the exception of Catholicism in some ways, although not, not a full exception, but, but I will grant that with the exception of at least the Trads. Yeah. With the exception of the trads, the, the older high church liturgical churches are the most left wing, most liberal theologically churches in the country. And yet they are keeping the old traditions alive, the most of any of the, and in some ways, isn't that a rebuke of something about, there is something about the conservative, and I know all these words. We can, we can argue about the meaning of all of these words, but it's interesting that conservatives are less likely to engage in highland dance.


Yeah, yeah. Well, Conservative conservatives are less li but not just highland dance. 'cause you can say, well, that's fruity. They dance on their tippy toes. Well, okay, I mean, better men, far better men than you engaged in highland dance and more skirts while doing it and more skirts while doing it. But Conservatives are far less likely to keep the old religious traditions like the lessons carol's alive. What, what is, you would think, but you would think in a sort of definitional way that we would, that conservatives would want to conserve those old No, I'll tell you the difference. I'll you Not, what happens, I'm not sure the, I don't know about the premise. I don't know if that's true. No, I I can clarify the premise. The, I think the words you're looking for, which is often synonymous with conservatives, is the fundamentalists.


People who are fundamentalists are the ones who don't want the highland dance. And they don't want, because they say, no, I want to go back to the original. I'm so conservative, I wanna go back to the original. But there is paradoxically something very conservative about accepting that time goes on. And No, but I think Go ahead. Because I think you're gonna say something I, Well, that's just, I, I just, I'm not sure about the premise. I, I, I mean, because I think one of the defining thing about things about liberals as, as Christians, and also just in the culture generally, is that they don't value tradition. So they, they may keep some traditions alive, but they empty them of meaning typically. But the idea that liberals are more likely to maintain a tradition, I just Yeah.


I I I went to, I I think they left this infiltrated some of these churches and were wise enough to keep the traditions there while they ate the meaning out of it. Right. Exactly. They, they keep the form of it Yeah. Ab in some cases. But I think that it's fair to say we're supposed To cultural Christianity point from earlier that nobody ever answered. But, but I, I think that's kind of the same idea. Cultural Christianity so-called is keeping some of the forms of these things putting up the Christmas tree Yeah. Et cetera. But emptying of, of all of its spiritual and also historical meaning, But at least in America, the answer to it seems to be, again, with the exception of the trad Catholics, that the people who are most likely to say that they are religious conservatives, that people who are the most likely to say that they believe that the Bible is literally true.


And we can argue about what literally true even means. Right. That's not exactly the com the conversation I'm trying to have here. Those people are the least likely not only to engage in the Highland dance Yeah. But the least likely to engage in liturgy. Yeah. The least likely to know what Advent is. Yeah. The least likely to have a choir in their church. And yet they're the most likely to actually believe in the religion of their Well, Because part of that is because they Protestants though, and they, they decided that all the things that the Catholics were doing were bad and got rid of them all. And that's Why Yeah, I guess 'cause some, some of the Protestants would, and I totally disagree, but they would argue that, well, they're gonna reject some of that stuff because it's not traditional enough. And that stuff was invented later. And so they wanna go back to the Bible. There's no, sorry, decisis. In other words, it's like originalist argument about, basically they're just saying like, if you go back to the gospel, there's no highland Dads in the gospel.


There's no reason we should be doing that. Right. Yeah. Right. And so, you know, I I, I certainly heard that argument. I think there's also a tendency, but, but There's also no like ESUs four in, in the first century church either. And it's in every Protestant. Have you listened to the Psalms of David though? Are you Certain, I mean, I do think there may a broader point here, which is that, you know, in, in a culture that, that as Matt says, has been infiltrated in so many ways where we're, you know, the, these sort of old rituals and and old things have been worn around like Hannibal LECs face mask, right? Like they've been emptied of meaning and then worn around as as. But what you've seen, this is true in politics also, is there's a tendency on the right to say, well, to hell with the whole thing, we're just gonna blow up this thing entirely. That's not salvageable anymore.


It's not that we're gonna seize it back or we're gonna reenter. We're, we're gonna kind of, we reinfuse it with meaning. We just have to blow the whole thing up. Yeah. And, and you, you get the tendency, I mean, you understand it. If you think, for example, that Christmas has been so commercialized that a Christmas tree literally means nothing. It has no bearing on Christmas anymore. You can see somebody saying, okay, well there's no Christmas tree in our house, because after all, all it means is commercialism at Macy's or something. You can see why somebody would say that, whether you agree with it or disagree with it. Yeah. I mean, I, I went to a very liturgical church in LA and I, my joke was, it was the bottom of the hill where I lived. So I said, if, if a Muslim place was at the bottom of the hill, I'd gone there just to stay outta traffic, you know? But it was, but it was deeply liturgical, deeply, you know, good choir, all, all the things you're talking about.


But I had to leave because the guy would then give up, get up and give these sermons that were absolutely corrupt. You know, they were corrupt religiously. They were corrupt logically, they were corrupt spiritually. And finally I just thought, you know, I love this liturgy. I love everything that's going on until this guy opens his mouth. And then I, I just, But it ha I do wanna be clear that I'm not suggesting anything about the First Presbyterian Church of Nashville. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't go to one of their sermons. I I'm only generally saying that the Presbyterian church or the Episcopal church, broadly speaking, tend to be more progressive. They are, but in their Theology, this is why cultural Christianity is a, a doomed and offensive project. And I appreciate the desire, at least the desire for beauty and tradition might lead one in a good direction.


But it's just so hopeless and despairing and it will lead you nowhere. It's just so sad because it, it has to be real. And this gets to your point, Jeremy, on the distinction that I would put as being one between conserving and tradition and, and fundamentalism, which is fundamentally revolutionary. 'cause you're saying forget about 2000 years. I wanna go back to my image of what, you know, the first century was is you, you, it has to be real. You know, if the religion is real, as I believe it is, if our Lord really is who he says he is, as I believe he is, then that is lived. That's not, that's not just written on the pages of a book that is lived in the lives of men for 2000 years, more than 2000 years going back many, many thousands of years. Actually. That's gotta be real and lived. If it's just like nice buildings or something, I don't know, Yale and Harvard, I don't know.


You know, I'm not arguing with you that I think cultural Christianity's really important, but not as a final goal. Yes. Right. As a stepping stone. Right. As a stepping stone. It is. Because again, you do need that bridge. And I think that, that the fact that there are people, because again, these sort of lalo argument in Napoleon has been the winning argument for the last couple hundred years. Even though it's a really crappy argument. Right. There's famous story that Napoleon is talking to Lalo, he's a mathematician, and he says, where's God in your theories? And Lala says he's unnecessary, he's unnecessary to the theory. And, and that's been sort of the scientific take on religion for a very long time. And so the cultural Christian, you know, take Richard Dawkins, who's Funda, who's a fundamentalist atheist, right? He really, you know, does not believe in, God thinks the Bible is kind of bad and all the rest of this stuff when he says, but I'm gonna acknowledge the civilization is built on this thing.


That is the first step toward the thing. And I agree with you as an end point. It doesn't do anything. It's true. It remains a cut flower and a vase, right? Is yes, it to be reconnected with its roots, but the, but, and, and, and you see. But Is it actually a step? I was, I was just thinking, I think, I think, I think I, I think the answer for a secularist is yes. Again, that goes back to the importance point. Once you say that, it's, once you say that it, In a way you're saying cultural Christianity might be bad in a nation full of Christians, but cultural Christianity might be good. That's exactly what I'm saying. It's way station, it's either a way station out or way station in. Yeah. Because we're in a fundamentally secular age. I think it's more of a way station in than a way station out. I think there are very few Christians who are looking at cultural Christianity going, Hey, this is cool. I can just say it's important, but not do anything Christianity says.


But there are a lot of secularists who are looking at cultural Christianity going, Hey, I never thought about Christian Christianity as something even important in my life. It's a, I mean, frankly it's an argument that I, I've used myself with a, a lot with regard to religion. You know, I, I say to people that, that, you know, when people say they believe in God, I, I don't think that people believe in God the way they think. They believe in God. Meaning it, it's not maybe for Michael, you know, he approached it from an intellectual point of view. I don't think most people, when they say they believe in God, it's because they're going through the ontological argument. It, it's not an intellectual engagement with God that makes you believe in God. You believe in God because you live in God, because all the fundamental premises in your life are godly premises. And you live in those premises. And the truth is, a bunch of secular people also live in those premises. And when you make clear to them, they live in those premises, then maybe it's worthwhile for them to start investigating source.


But, but cultural Christianity, I agree it's a way station in or out I think is a good way of putting it. But for us right now, it we're in the way station out phase, I would argue. So that's why I would say cultural. And I'm saying the, I'm more pessimistic than you, as as usual. I think that, that, that's an ongoing argument as usual. Wrong, didn't Settle, We were a Christian nation and then we way stationed out to cultural gr and then became secular and now we're going back this way. Yes. So that's, no, that's not more pessimistic. I have more PEs Kind all way. Well, okay, so you're more pessimistic about the future and I'm more pessimistic about the status quo. Meaning I think that there's so many people who are outside the religion that you need a way station back in.


Whereas you're saying there are a lot of religions are looking for way station First is, is think how anti-intellectual Richard Dawkins is. And I like Richard Dawkins as a science writer actually. But, but he never thinks through anything that he says. And when he's, when you say, gee, I like, I wanna keep some of this cultural Christianity alive as Dawkins now does in his, in his waning years and don't think the next step that, why do I wanna do that? You know, Mary Harrington is brilliant, kind of former left far, left wing feminist who Oxford student. She has conversations with my son Spencer. I do not understand what either of them are saying. They're so far away in this intellectual world. She had a baby and she said, I like this baby.


I like taking care of this baby. And it changed. She had the intellectual integrity to follow that thought into a new way of thinking. And Dawkins never does that. And it try, it drives me crazy about it. And it just, it just seems like so much of the cultural Christianity is that a Christmas tree, which is lots of fun and presents. I, well, maybe, but I, I wonder if maybe you should have more grace for, for Dawkins. Not in the sense that, that you are wrong to ask him to go all the way. I mean, I think that if you're a Christian, you want people to go all the way. Yeah. Right. But, but I, I, I think that the, the point is that the fundamental assertion by him of the importance of even Christianity to his project is going to lead some of his followers to say, Hey, wait a second. Maybe I should take a look at this thing.


When you, That's pretty optimistic. When you, When you have a, when, when you have Jordan having that conversation with him. Yeah. And, and Jordan is encouraging people. Okay, well then maybe you should maybe like, because the next logical step that you could say to him if you're having that conversation is, I totally agree with you, that co, that Christianity lies at the heart of our civilization. But the thing that you're celebrating, which is a beautiful building in the middle of Paris, if you're looking at, at notes, we're done Right. Means nothing if there's not anybody in there worshiping advice. Right. I mean, it's just a big building. And then that's the end of the building. And you know, a thousand years from now, it'll probably be knocked down. And if it's not, it'll just be empty. But it's still, or it'll as much meaning as the Pantheon, It's still a practical thing that We talking about. Right. I mean, it won't, won't, won't mean anything. It'll just, nobody's worshiping at the, the, the Roman gods in that building.


It's just a really nice building. And so does that have any sort of interior meaning to the civilization? Not really. Yeah. I've, you know, it's funny you bring up Notre Dame. 'cause part of what I've been thinking about is I've, as I've been wrestling with this question of, you know, the liberal denominations tending to keep certain kinds of tradition alive. And may I, I'm interested in your idea about fundamentalism versus conservatism that I'll, I'll spend time on that in my thinking. But I thought about Notre Dame because they, they rebuilt the building after the fire. And to everyone's surprise, they seemed to have really honored the building. That was, instead of trying to reimagine it as a building that could be, didn't Put a pool on top or anything. Yeah. Didn't put a Yeah. But, but even that, it did occur to me, is only good in a post-Christian Europe.


And even, and I, I mentioned to Mathis, and I may bring this up, and I said, Michael will disagree with me, but I think if he thinks about this for a minute, he may not disagree with me. Which is, we, we romanticize the cathedrals of Europe. I, I romanticize the cathedrals of Europe. I'm to a point now where I listen, I go to a lovely Baptist church here in middle Tennessee, filled with wonderful people. I love the pastor. He has a real vision for, for his fellowship. I, I don't ag agree completely with Baptist theology, but it's a very good place for me to have my family right now. And I'm, and I, and I enjoy the church, but every time I'm there, and it's a beautiful building. Every time I'm there, my heart sort of longs to be in the uk.


Like I, I want to be at St. Alban's or I wanna be at St. Paul's. I wanna be in one of these thousand year old cathedrals. But I've begun to realize that even my view of those thousand year old cathedrals, I'm seeing it through the, the flattening, you know, when we look at history, we tend to flatten it and we'll say things like, imagine starting a work that your great-grandchild would have to finish, which is what people often say about the cathedrals. And I think, well, first of all, you misunderstand time completely because they didn't start a work that their great-grandchildren would finish. They started a work that their great great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great great grandchildren would finish these, these buildings were started as wood structures replaced by stone structures that then burned down because the roof was thatched, replaced by another stone structure that then fell over because they weren't very good at building stone structures.


And then they built a third stone structure and that one stayed. And then they expanded it, and then they tore the roof down by the 12 hundreds they could build the, the, what do you call the arches that the flying buttresses Yeah, yeah. The flying buttresses. Yes. And then, and then they spires and then stained glass, and this goes on and on and on and on until the Victorian era. And then they were just all done. Yeah. And we now think of them as done, but they were never intended to be done. Yeah. Seg familia. That's that's right. Which is still not done. We still not, yeah. But, but there is this idea that when the guy started it, his great-grandchild would finish it. Not only did you leave out a bunch of greats, but you misunderstood the premise. Yeah.


Yeah. He started it thinking it would never be complete. The tragedy is we look at them now a hundred years or more past their completion. Yeah. And the thing that we long for isn't, I actually think I agree, I agree With this to, but here's the funny thing. At every stage, the traditionalists hated what they did. No, no. Flying buttresses. It's been a thatch roof for 200 years. We should, we should maintain what was old, but the religion was alive. The truth is, when we look at the beautiful cathedrals at Europe, we are looking at proof that the religion died 120 years ago on that concept. I would go further, I would go further than that. I agree with basically every point you've made, traditionalism, you know, as an ideology is pretty recent.


And, and it's a reaction to modernity, and it's a reaction to the cracking up of the faith. Right. But the truth is, if Christianity in Europe hadn't died, those cathedrals would have modernist components to it because they would've kept building them at every Would modern even Happen modern modernism? Yeah, there's a problem right there. Yeah. But I, but they would not look like they, look, I know I, there would be 120 years of modernity attitude Familiar or something. Yeah. It's, it's just that the buildings that modernism and its children produce are so hideous. Yeah. Because the faith died. The modern, the modern churches are built. I mean, the fundamental problem is they're built, like they're embarrassed to be churches. Yeah. They don't want anyone to know that God's being worshiped inside.


As if, as if, right. As if we're back in the catacombs and we have to hide. But of course, that's not the case at all. And and that's the problem with the, with those churches. But I agree with your basic Point of being. This is, You know, what we're actually longing for. We're not longing for that moment. We're longing for the time before time stopped, there was a great, we're longing for the time when the faith alive we're, We're longing for the time when, when Bach could sit down and write a song like a minute, you know, a song at the same time, it would take you to make up a limerick, basically, that was explosively beautiful. Like beyond beauty, because that was what was in him. You know? And I think that that's the problem if that's missing, but it, but America was never a part of that tradition.


True. Well, America has always been experience. Yes. Utilitarian, disposable. No. In America, you start a church in a cafeteria at a elementary school that's closed, and then you buy a small church that's been abandoned, and then you build a church and then 20 years later you build a bigger church. And, and I'm not even knocking that because at least that's not European. It doesn't result in these beautiful buildings. But it is still alive. Christianity has still been alive here. And that's how, you know, we don't have family country homes like they do in England, either, where your family lives in the same house for a thousand years. We, we have a disposable approach to this and innovative approach to it. I, because People, people also like to be involved in the building. Yeah. Really. I mean, if you're a part of a community, people like being involved in the building, like we we're dedicating New people contributing to it and Yeah, Exactly.


Adding onto it, like adding new rooms, changing the structure of it and growing the footprints of it. Right. And the minute that it stops growing, it's dying. Then, then it just becomes a bunch of 70 year olds who are in a, a fading church. That's beautiful. But it was finished 30 years ago and there's no young blood in there to actually make it, you know. But This is, I think this is also why I love Christmas music this time of year. I know Michael won't listen to Christmas music for three more weeks until 12:01 AM on Christmas. No, It's the Thanksgiving day parade is over. That's right. But when you, but when I say I love Christmas, because Jesus said, What I mean in particular is I love the Christmas music from the great American songbook era. Yeah. Yeah. Because I knew was something I liked about you that when figure, 'cause that's when America was still alive.


Well, that gives us beautiful Wistful. No, no, no. We've talked about that before. We've talked about this before. I'm talking about something different. That is Christmas music, because that is when America was culturally still alive. Yeah, that's right. That's a good point. And I listen to, I listen to Taylor Swift and I'm not an, I'm not a Taylor Swift Hatter. I think she's a genuine talent. Now she sucks, but go ahead. But I, but I, listen, I listened to her Christmas song today, and then I listened to a Christmas song by Ed Sheeran, Elton John. I think Ed Sheeran's incredibly talented, but they're beyond, the culture is gone. They're very talented people who live after the culture. They Don't feel like Christmas songs And they don't feel like Christmas. They, Paul McCartney killed Christmas songs. Excuse.


He murdered Greg. We cut to commercial. He tortured them to death. They died After Paul McCartney. He's, this man is not having a wonderful Christmas day. A wonderful at war is over. That's right. We're Gonna hear more from our sponsor Halo right now. Hal Halo. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh my God. I told a video game. I told him never let me read any s but they just put it right there. We're gonna hear from our wonderful sponsor. Hello? While I eat this cracker fight with Matt about, well, everything but Paul McCartney in particular, and then we'll be right back.


Hey, hey. It can be so easy to get busy and distracted during the holidays. Easy to lose focus, easy to lose sight of what this season is really about for God so loved the world that he gave us his only son. Don't lose sight this pray every day on Hello.


So my, my, my premise and conclusion, we Actually we're arguing about public, Well, my premise and conclusion is that the things that we long for are actually civilizations that are thriving or civilizations in which the faith was thriving to, to maybe make it central to what we've been talking about the whole time. And, and I think it's even true for my friends, the Jews too. Because when you see, when you see Orthodox Jews who are wearing, Whenever everyone uses my friends, the Jews. Yeah. Except before they kill you. Right. Hold on, In fairness, I've only got two. But when you see Jewish people, traditional Jewish people wearing the black hat and the black suit, and you think, oh man, they're the most traditionalist Jewish guys around.


And then you go, well, no, they have a 3,500 year old religion and they're wearing, they're wearing a 100-year-old costume. Yeah. But the but they're doing the exact same thing as me wanting to be in a cathedral. Yes. From the Victorian era. They're going back to the time when Judaism in Poland was thriving. Right. And they're, and they're longing. They're not actually longing for their ancestral agree religion. They're longing for their religion being alive in the culture. That's Right. They're, they're, they're locking in amber a particular way of life, because that's exactly the time when the enlightenment started. Yeah. Right. They're they're doing the same thing. Right. The enlightenment started and they said, okay, well, you know what, what, what we've got right now, we gotta protect that time to bubble it off. And that's, that's what we're gonna do. But there are, you know, obviously thriving wings of Judaism in the Orthodox community that are very different and have evolved in a very different way.


Of course. And you can see it. And when, when you go to Israel, you can see all the different modes of dress and you can see, you know, by actual yamaka type, you can identify exactly the ideology of the person who's wearing the yamaka. You really can't, like, it's an actual thing. Like if, if they're wearing a velvet yamaka, they're probably of the ultra orthodox rad Black Hats Act. If they're wearing a, what's called the ki guy, like a woven keep up, which is what I wear, then they would be what's known as Doti Lumi, which is sort of, you know, a Zionist modern orthodox. If they're, I Like the, I like the one that looks like a piece of matza. It's very whimsical one. Yeah. That I call it. That's a great one. I call it the Encino reform. Jewish, Usually it's not a woman. Yeah, exactly. But it's, it, it, it, it is interesting how yeah.


These things felt. But you, I think that one of the things that's interesting about the Christmas music of the fifties and the forties is that there's a wistfulness about it because they, I think even then they can sense that there's something happening in the culture, like the kind of the glimmerings of something not so great happening. And even there being nostalgia, they're, they're nostalgic about like being home. Right. They're long for a white Christmas part of it's 'cause of the war. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So some of it's because of war, but, but a lot of it is also just because there's something they feel is calling them away from sort of the, those ancestral roots. And so they're, and so they're, you know, feeling like they're sort of almost on the outside looking in. Yeah. And, and I think that's why those things are perennial. I mean, you can listen to that stuff now, and it's still hit it. So What, pretend there's no irony's, no irony. What you're, You want authentic period. It's so funny. We're such a, whatever our society's dumb because it's, we're, we're obsessed with authenticity, but then we're ironic about the actual authentic people.


Yeah. It turns out people in thirties, forties, and fifties were actually pretty onic. But what You're, what you're getting at is that when Jesus said, what the thing that comes out of your mouth is important, 'cause that's what's in your heart. That that's what we're really talking about. If the heart is empty, it doesn't matter what building you build. And if the heart is full of God, you'll build a beautiful building ultimately. You Know, there, there is a strange thing in that I, I really, really love cathedrals about it as much as you do, I think. But you really love cathedrals too. And, and I really love them. And I want to be in, I love high liturgy. And I think it's not only beautiful but important, and I think God wants to be worshiped in reverence, serious ways. And maybe the most thriving parish I've ever been in, the, the mass takes place in a tiny little room in the parish hole. 'cause the church was wrecked by a tornado.


And it takes place in this tiny little room, and everyone's packed in and there's a thousand kids and they're all sitting on top of each other, and they're crying and screaming. And there's a small little altar up there. And it is, it is as un ornamented as a church can be, but it's all real. This is right. Everyone thinks it's real. The the people inside a place of worship make it a place of worship or not. Right. Right. And I, I just came back from Israel and one of the places that we were in was a place where it, it's called a, a history yeshiva. This is like a, a place where kids study, like 18, 19 years old. But in this particular place where they study, it's a joint program with the army. So they study and they also all serve in the army. So it's not like, when you think of Yeshiva, you think of kids who are like avoiding the army in Israel, there's like a whole segment. And so these people coming on Friday night, and you know, they're all gonna be in Lebanon like the next morning.


And, and they're, and they're all, they're all praying to God and they're doing, and they're singing these songs. And it's like, this is probably 400 kids. And it's, it's amazing. I mean, the, the, the word in Hebrew is kavana, which means to, to it means intent, but it really is, it comes from Vegas to like clinging to God. So it's about, it's about clinging to God when, when you feel that anywhere you are, that's gonna be the, the mark of the religion. And this place was, I mean, the yeshiva itself wasn't anything special to look at. It was, it was basically a cafeteria of learning. But I bet people, I, I'm thinking of two par one parish I was in in New York, one parish here, it, it, it doesn't matter if it's un ornamented or, you know, you're in certain, but, but I have noticed people do naturally want then, then ornament with their, with themselves, with their, with their art, with their what?


You know, it just, it comes, don't worry if you, if you get the essentials correct. And the interior life of the people. Correct. Don't, the cathedral will build itself. That's, That's it. That's it. Yeah. You know, I just have these strange, this strange thought which I present to you without having thought it through, but it's, you know, people are always accusing Ben of having dual loyalty, accusing Jews. But Ben is being a king of the Jews, they, excuse me, Lowercase K Yeah. It occurs to me that we should all have a dual loyalty to Israel because it is the place that God hallowed with his presence. And it is like still the living, the living presence is there if, if, if you've ever been there. You know, it is. And it's like that. Even, even St.


Paul says that God is not done with the Jews. God is not done with the Jews. At least we should have dual loyalty to the papal states. Do those still exist Around a minute ago? Ruined my brain thought, but I don't mind. Is It? Yeah. A minute ago I referred to my friends the Jews and said there were only two, one of them has Ben and the other is our pal Dennis Prager. And we can't talk about Jordan Peterson's gospel series, which is available at Daily Wire Plus without talking about our friend, Dennis. The last time we, the five of us sat here was one month ago, the day after the election of Donald Trump to be our 47th president, or 48, depending on how the next 55 days cover old go. But Dennis was right here with us. And as, and as people at home probably are aware only a few days later, after returning to his home in la, Dennis had a terrible accident and has been in the hospital since that time.


Dennis is one of the major voices in this gospel's series. And during his time shooting it, I got to have dinner with he and his wife, Sue. And Dennis talked about the making of this with Jordan and what he thought his role was, as, you know, sort of an outsider among outsiders. I mean, if no, if no one involved in the, well, not, not no one, but if many of the panelists here are sort of heterodox in their, in their thinking, Jordan, you know, Jordan's not Christian at all. I mean, he is, he's one of the most famous Jewish figures, probably in the world, certainly in the country. And what Dennis told me is that he thought certainly he had things to offer about Christianity's role in the world as an outsider, kind of like the, the writers of the Christmas songs.


He, he had ideas about the connection of the text back to things like Exodus, which I, which he thought were really valuable. But he also thought that part of what he brought to it was levity. He said, you know, you, you've got these great minds. And Dennis is no slouch. Dennis is a brilliant guy, but Dennis has this real charm, which is that he's still very connected to the human Yeah. In a way that sometimes intellectuals are not. And, and Dennis, as you watch this series, it's, it's so wonderful to see him sort of grab these big thinkers and pull them back to, to the human. Because obviously if the, if the church isn't filled with people of faith, then it's a meaningless body. And, and, and if your theology isn't ultimately in service of humans, I mean, it's because God so loved the world that he sent his son, which is what the, The Gospels is all about.


And so I, here's a clip of Dennis on the first episode of The Gospels, which I, I think just sort of perfectly captures his, his contribution to the, to the work. Here's Dennis. The death of Christianity frightens me. It is my nightmare. And I ask people all the time, name me one ideology that has supplanted Christianity, that has done good for humanity. And nobody can come up with an answer. There is a quote attributed to GK Chesterton, though it's not verifiable that he actually said it, but it's brilliant.


When people stop believing in God, they don't believe in nothing. They believe in anything. And as I point out on my radio show, each day, I probably say this once a week, only secular people say men give birth. Not all secular people say that, but only secular people say that we have entered a post-Christian or really post Judeo-Christian world of the absurd, I see Christianity as a divinely ordained vehicle to bring the world to the Torah.


So I have a very pro Christian, Jewish based view. It hasn't always been done right. But Christians are human and human nature is awful, or at least not particularly good. So people can screw up anything. But when done properly, and I think America and Britain have been particularly good. It was Christians who abolished slavery. It's also Christians who made the, who made the Inquisition. I'm, I'm well aware, I wrote a book on antisemitism and I pray that Christians come forth now and speak out against a raging antisemitism that I, I did not think I would see in my lifetime.


But nevertheless, this Jew, this westerner, is very frightened of a post-Christian society. That's our friend Dennis Prager in Jordan Peterson's new series, The Gospels at Daily Wire Plus. And for those of you who have been following along with Dennis's ordeal and praying for Dennis, we thank you for that. Obviously such a good friend to all of us on the panel and Ben and I, these these last many years in particular. And you know, Dennis's situation is quite serious, but there is great hope, and he has shown a lot of progress in, in the weeks since his accident. And I know that, you know, it must be what an amazing thing that, you know, Dennis's worldview central to his worldview is the idea that happiness is a moral obligation.


And here he is in this very difficult moment, and he's certainly sad, but he isn't depressed. His worldview is being tested, and he's, he's standing up to the test, which is a beautiful thing, even in a really tragic, a really tragic moment. And I, I can't help but wonder what it must feel like to be him and know that millions of people are praying for you. Yeah. Amazing. What, what a powerful thing to experience. You know, my my daughter got very ill when she had her second child, and she, her life was under threat. And my wife was sitting there and she said she could feel the people outside praying for 'em. She knew they were, and she felt it come into the room. And, and my wife is not particularly a mystic or anything like that, but she said it was there.


And I, and I know he, I know Dennis has said this too, that he, the people who've spoken to him says he feels it too. So yeah, I, I said, when, when we heard that Dennis had this accident, I, I said to Elisa that night, I said, you know, Dennis had this very serious accident, and her reaction was a very human reaction. It was basically my reaction when you came to tell me in my studio, which is she said, no, no, no. But we were just with him four days ago, and he was so vivacious, and he said on air, he said, this is the Best day. This is the best day of my life. Get me a glass of alcohol for the first time in 75 years. And that's a very human reaction because you say, no, no, no. Whenever anything bad happens to any of your friends, you say, no, no, no.


That can't possibly be true because yesterday it wasn't true. But, you know, ain't that just how it goes? Yes. And, and Dennis is well aware of that. You know, Dennis is a wise guy. He is not. Yeah. He, he's quite, quite clear on these things. Dennis is a magnuson human being, as we all know. And I, I think that one of the things that, that has to be of a special comfort to his family is that so many of the people who are praying for him are people who didn't use to pray and then started listening to his show and started listening to Dennis. And now are people who actually believe in God and pray. So many of the people who are now calling out to God on his behalf are people he brought to God in the first place. Yeah. I, I have heard Dennis talk about many times, you know, being this in the interesting position that he occupies, which is that his, his sort of mission in life has been to lead people back to Judaism, le lead Jews who have fallen away from Judaism back to Judaism.


And yet along the way he's probably led more Christians back to Christianity than most pastors ever have. Yeah. Because of the thing that is so special about Dennis, which is that he, he really does remember the human, he, you know, Dennis would rather talk to you about music than about the ultimate issues. Then one of the most wonderful things about Dennis is that when you are in mixed company with Dennis, he wants to talk about disposable diapers with the women at the table. Yeah. It's like he just, whatever the most human thing that that could be discussed, that's the thing that fascinates him the most. And, and for that reason, he's reached a lot of those humans that he cares so much about, and God willing will continue to in the future and, and certainly does in this gospel series.


I think that we're gonna take a few questions from our Daily Wire plus members who make it possible for us to be here. If you're not a member, head over to Daily Wire Plus we're offering 50% off our Cyber Monday sale Best Sell of the Year. And if you are a subscriber, we thank you and we'll take some questions from you right now. Question number one for the group. Speaking of biblical texts, do you believe the New Testament teachings outweigh the teachings of the Old Testament? I you Go, go first. No, Go ahead. Well, that is, that, that is the correct answer. It is outweigh would certainly not be the way to phrase it. All the New Testament, if you're a Christian, you believe the New Testament is a fulfillment of the Old Testament. But it's, it's not like the two are in competition and one wins out. And In fact, they, they can't be incompetent.


Right. They can't be in Competition is marcine heresy. Right, right. And it's so, so there aren't things in the Old Testament that are now like negated or abolished or they don't count anymore, Not a jot or tittle. Right. Which is, which is all, which is an important point when you get into, you know, even public policy things, issues like, for example, the death penalty. And, and some Christians believe that, well, because of what the New Testament says, we, we, we, we can't believe in the old t Well, in the Old Testament, God commands the death penalty. So we know that it can't be in inherently evil act. Yeah. And the Old Testament has not been, you know, outweighed. No, that's Saint Paul also defends the death penalty explicitly in the a epistles. But It's, it's one book. It's one book that that's, it doesn't make any sense any other way. And the beauty, the beauty of the echoing themes in the New Testament that run through the Old Testament is it could not have been conceived by any mind.


Maybe Shakespeare could have come up with something. Maybe he could have come up with something that intricately interwoven, but you can't pulling him apart, it's like pulling the bones out of a fish. He just can't do it. Yeah. And it is also not, not to belabor the point, the the New Testament is inexplicable you, it is not possible to understand it except through the lens of the Old Testament. That's right. That's right. And the Christian believes the Old Testament is inexplicable outside the lens of the New Testament. So they are, to your point, drew. Yeah, it is, it is one cohesive whole. Another interesting thing about that is that even when Christ was walking among men as recounted in The Gospels, the connection between the Old Testament and the theology of Christ still wasn't obvious.


So much so that we're told the resurrected Christ had to open the eyes of the apostles to the intricate connections between the old and the new. And what Does the resurrected Christ do on the road to Emmaus? He opens the Scriptures, the book, the book, he opens the scripture. You know, one of the funniest things you ever said, you probably don't even remember it was in your, in your home church. You, you once said, if you took people back on a tour to show them Jesus, they would all say, where is he? Is he behind that Jewish guy over there? That sounds like something I might have said. Well, Yeah, you did say It. Another question from a daily Wire plus member, are we on the brink of a spiritual awakening? What will be said about our current time in 50 or a hundred years?


Yes, We are, we, we know this because I have been predicting it for about 15 years. So, and You're, you're a prophet. Well, you, you at least lived at the time of the prophet. Yeah, well, I did live somebody, some, a game we were playing over Thanksgiving was, we went around the table and asked what our superpower is. And I said, my superpower is knowing what's going to happen five years too soon. But no, there's, there's a absolutely, I mean, look, we could go down the drain, but I don't think we are. I think this is the, this is the moment when this will catch fire in the hearts of men. You know, God's not gonna let his church die. And we, we can, we can reject God, you know, he gives us that absolute option. So it's all contingent on what we do, but I just feel already it's happening already.


You know, people of, of real thought, real intell intellectual are finding this, it's going to be like the new Oxford movement. My prediction has always been that it's going to come down from above. It's not gonna be, it'll become a street thing. It's not gonna be like old awakenings where people get, get out in tents. It's gonna be in the universities where people go like, ah, The, the comparison of the Oxford movement. That's a very AP comparison. Yes. You know, I will say that just on a general level, it does feel weirdly as though God is pulling away a lot of ails in the last 10 years. Yes. Doesn't that like, it just feels like, you know, there, there's my favorite section of the Old Testament in the Book of Exodus. There's part where Moses is talking to God and he says to God, I wanna see your face. And God says, you can't see my face and live, but I'll let you see my back.


And he puts him in the crevice in the rock. And then God, it says, God walks past him and he sees God's back. And so what does that mean? There are all sorts of commentaries in, in the Jewish tradition on what exactly that means. My favorite commentary, which I had actually posited and then found that obviously always there's a wiser mind than you who, who said it 500 years ago. But the, the, the basic idea is that you can't see God when he's staring you right in the face, when it's happening in your life, when the immediate is happening because you're too involved in the immediate, you can only see God through the rear view mirror. You can only see God as he walks away. So you can see God as he's walking through history's so cool. But, and that's why when you look back at your life, you can see all these terrible things that happened in your life and how one thing led to another and all that wove the tapestry of your life. And that's true throughout civilizations as well.


It feels like God's writing has been incredibly obvious the last, the last 10 years or so. I mean, the, the the, the amount of things that are happening right now that are just of almost biblical proportions scary is, is truly kind of an astonishing thing. Yeah. I, I do, I I do wanna say though, that, and this kind of goes back to Jeremy's point about the, the timeframe building cathedrals happened over, you know, it's your great-great-great great grandchild would finish it. I, and so I think when we get, anytime we get these questions of are we in the middle of a spiritual awakening? Is, you know, are are things changing for the better? My answer is always very unsatisfying. 'cause my answer is always Well, well, I I don't actually know the answer to that. And I think that maybe my kids will know, and hopefully my grandchildren will know the answer because this is, if there is a spiritual awakening that's a generational Yeah.


It's gonna happen over the course of generations. And so if the question is what will they say about the spiritual awakening 50 years from now? Well, hopefully if it's happening, they're gonna be in the middle of it for 50 years from now. And so, so one thing for sure is if, if we want there to be a spiritual awakening, w we have to be spiritual and religious and, and have our child have children Yeah. And raise them up in the faith and, and so we can, we can get the ball rolling that way and we have to, but we're not, we're not gonna live to see sort of the awakening complete. Yeah, I'm glad you said that. Not be Afraid to talk about it as if it were real. That's the thing. Yeah. But I, I was gonna say something similar, but, but from a slightly different angle, which is, I, I don't believe in the rapture and nor nor do I Yeah.


Catholics tend to not believe in the rapture. But, but I don't, I don't much care because if I'm wrong Right. I'll grab, I'll grab Drew's ankles. Yeah. What I know is that someone, God comes for someone every day and spiritual awakenings. I think you have to approach it the same. I don't know on a sort of global level or societal level what's happening. May maybe it is. I hope so. I'm hopeful. But today is someone's spiritual awakening. Yeah. And may it, may it be yours. Like you, you can interact with God right now today, if you have not interacted with God before, I, I remember all the way back in the long time ago, he days when I was a fan of Andrew Klavan, because I didn't know it.


Yeah, yeah. People do it. The two things you, That happens on many such cases. And, and Andrew put out a video, a a whimsical but serious video about how if you were wrestling with God, the thing that you should try doing is praying. And he essentially said, you should pray for 10 minutes a day. And he said, it doesn't matter if you believe in God or not, just assume you believe in God for a minute and talk to him, spend 10 minutes every day praying. He said, and I, and I can't remember, it was a kind of a sales pitch. It was a very funny video. And I guarantee, you know, in 60 days, money back guarantee or whatever, that you'll find that you do believe in God if you start and His lines are open. That was like, yeah.


His lines are always open. That's right. And that, and I see it that way. It's like the, the rapture's coming for somebody today. And spiritual awakening can also, is sort of the other side of that can also come for you today. And to your point, there is no global spiritual awakening without whole series of individual spiritual awakenings. So to whatever degree we play a part in that, now's a good time to do it for Drew, I, I don't know why for Drew, do you see The Gospels as four different news outlets or authors covering the same story or biography? And as much as each reporter interviews different witnesses and has a slightly different take on the same news story, I if you, if you were a cop and you interviewed four people and they all told you the exact same thing about what they saw, you would know that they had conspired and lied.


So I think so I think what you have is four different people from four different points of view. And it's, it's meant to be this way. Obviously it wasn't an accident giving you their take on the story. So this is why I never worry, for instance, if somebody says, well, this doesn't fit in with that, that if it did all fit in, if it all just absolutely fit in, I, I would think, no, this is a conspiracy. Yeah. But these are people who each saw the same thing in a different way. And I think that that to me is part of the evidence of its truth. Man. I'm glad they made that one for you. Well, I know it wasn't for me, but I, I do wanna add one thing that I think this, and, and you said earlier that it is kinda like journalism, reading The Gospels. I think that's true of the synoptics, Matthew, mark, and Luke.


I, I, I, I think for John, I think John's doing something different. And I, I I think that John's actually not journalism. It's, it's, it, there's something, it's more of a spiritual biography of, of Christ. But that's, that's who he is. Yeah. Right, Right. So There's another question in the teleprompter only seconds ago, and it was for Matt, it was really good, but I think it's gone Matt and the thing is gone. Yeah. Ah, here it is. Matt, I just wanted to say thank you for, oh wait, what? Hold on. Everybody else got a question and he gets praised. This is a great one. That's, oh man. I just wanted to say thank you for speaking out about the new sexual abuse in schools. I'm interested in looking into doing a documentary about sexual abuse in the schools as a documentary King.


Do you have any suggestions? Just do, do it, just, just start doing it and we Up as Going to school. Yeah. Well, right. I I, I'd stop, I'd stop short I guess for that. It'd stop short of some of our, am I racist methods? But I, I certainly hope that somebody makes that documentary. 'cause this is a major crisis. Huge epidemic. Huge, like nobody talks about. And it's crazy What, if anything can actually be done about the hunter issue. Is there any legal way to overturn a presidential policy? Presidential policies? Yes. This is a presidential pardon, which is somewhat unique and it's brings us to the political section of the show.


We've, we've been lost in the, in the sublime and now we have to get down into the, the, the, The dirty, the ridiculous. Yeah. Obviously the big news story of the weekend, president Biden pardoned his son Hunter of any crime that he may or may not have Committed, or may yet or may yet Committed or may yet committed. The best thing about that, pardon, was that it came down and it went all the way until midnight last night. So there was like a four hour period where Hunter could have done anything wrong, legitimately anything, as long as it federal crime and not a state level crime. It probably do that Could've done anything gone. He could like cross interstate lines with process. He was like, anything that he wanted, just really enjoyed himself for like four hours.


Right. There had been totally clean. It, it is the most sweeping pardon in modern presidential history because it wa it didn't pardon him just for the offenses that, that he was convicted for, pled guilty to it, pardoned him for everything in anything that he, it, it was like a, it was like a, it was like a, a note from the three Musketeers, the bearer of this note has done what has been Done, right. Like It began, it began, un shockingly January 1st, 2014. He joined the board of Barisma April of 2014, which is why it was dated this particular way. He, they, they didn't make a boo boo here. I will say, if, if the goal here was to immunize Joe, which is more than likely at least part of the goal here. Yeah. They were afraid that that hunter was going to be flipped. That that essentially the, the new Trump DOJ was gonna come in, they were gonna start looking through hunter's finances.


They were gonna find, there were checks to the big guy and then there were gonna try to flip hunter on Joe. Well, there is one problem he always could have pled the Fifth Amendment. He can't do that anymore. Once you Im pardon The Fifth Amendment goes away legally speaking. Absolutely. Because it's a right against self-incrimination. You can't incriminate yourself for a crime that you're not gonna be convicted of and that you can't be convicted of. So theoretically they could drag him before Congress or before a jury in a subpoena and they could say, you can't plead the fifth. And so you'll just get a bunch of, I don't remembers. I'm sure. But Well, So the president has very broad pardoning authority for federal, yes. For federal crimes. Other than the Nixon. Pardon? Are there examples of pardons for, for Jimmy Carter, he thinks that, haven't Jimmy Carter Pardoned the draft dodgers, Didn't he? Yes, he did. Yeah. And that was also quite broad.


This one. Yeah. This one's That is broad, but it is for one particular thing. Yeah, It's for a ton of people, but for one Particular thing. Right. I'm not sure I know about a, a, a part in this. Like for any in all unspecified crimes during this gigantic period that May or may not have been committed for 11 years. It's, It's actually hilarious in so many ways. It's hilarious. He has Committed to searching the rest of his life for the big guy. That's, I think, I mean it's, it's also hilarious to watch as the entire narrative that they'd constructed. Oh, Joe Biden is the president of norms and his normality. Oh, and Donald Trump is a threat to the system. This is what I kinda like about it. Completely Delightful, Exploded. You know, I, I don't, IIII had a very unpopular take on this that I disagreed on X with our esteemed colleague, Mr. Walsher.


But, but really it began with, I was shocked that people were shocked. Yeah. Were there seriously people who believed that this would not happen. Yes. No, I got this wonderful, wonderful email from a conservative friend in Hollywood. So he's obviously undercover, who had dinner with a liberal friend and b before this happened. And he, he said, I obviously, my friend said, obviously Biden's gonna, you know, pardon his son. And the guy said, never happened. Never happened. So they bet a million. I said, I'll bet you a million dollars. And they shook on it. And now the guy said, well, it was a joke of course. But I think it's, it's incredibly touching to me that people really did believe that Joe Biden, who is a weather vae, who is the most, one of the most routinely corrupt politicians of our lifetime, was a man of honor who was going to abide by his word.


But they did, they did believe it. It's kind Touching. It's crazy to me. I mean, in, in part, I think of a Testament to human gullibility, To Ben's point, was he trying to protect himself? Yeah. Probably. Does Joe ever do anything as a selfless matter? No, but, but I don't think Joe is a complete cynic, meaning I think Joe really loves his kid. I I think that, I think most people in that position, if their kid were not just 18 years old and you're gonna let him sleep a crime off in jail, but you know, a kid is looking at serious jail time. You're on the brink of death. You, he's your last living kid. I think most people probably would pardon their kid or at least commute their kid's sentence unless he were actually liable for lots of other crimes that are more serious.


I think, I think that if he had commuted hunter's Sentence Right, but he'd still Libel for the, for the known crimes. Yeah. For the crimes for which he was actually convicted, But he wasn't prosecuted for the serious crimes. He was prosecuted for this. Yeah. But that's the point. That's why intact this to me is the interesting question with the, and it's probably irrelevant 'cause he did do it for his own sake, but just pretending that's not the case for a second, the interesting question is like, would you do this for your own kid? And my answer is, hell no. I would not do this for hell kids. Yes, you would. I no, I I I, here's what I would do here. My kids were a convicted of some tax crime or a gun charge. Absolutely. I I would pardon everyone ever com convicted of a tax crime, right? Yeah. Or A gun, or probably a Gun crime. Thank you. Pardon? For the Right. Exactly. But, but what I would not do is if I had a 54-year-old drug, old loser of a son who's been an absolute loser his whole life, I would not give him a blanket, get out of jail free card for any crime he may have committed up to things like sex trafficking, federal crime for, for a period of 10 years.


Because Okay, let me ask you, 'cause hold on a second. Your your number one duty as a parent, and you know, this is to lead your child to virtue and then, and to have an ultimately, this is Plato's argument. And Right. So by giving him that gi get outta jail free card, you have, you have impeded his ability to develop. This comes down to the selfishness of Joe Biden, though. The, the thing that nobody has pointed out about his relationship with Hunter for years is that he enabled this. He did. I mean, he, he, he enabled it. He, he profited off, he profited off of, he knew his son was a drug et mess. Everyone knew his son was a drug et mess. He knew his son was trafficking with prostitutes and smoking meth. He knew all that stuff. And he sent him to get million dollar jobs at Barisma so he could bring home the bacon.


You know what you don't do with a kid who's in serious drug trouble, give him free access to large quantities of untraceable cash. That is a thing that you don't do with a kid who has serious drug problems. So Then let me ask this question Is falling apart ask, you take that kid and you put him in rehab and you dry him out and you chain him up. So he can't make bad decisions, at least until the time where he is capable of making good decisions. Instead he decide who's gonna trot him out as a bagman for the Biden family business for full on a decade. That's the point though. And so this is the question for the table, and especially for Mr. Walsh here. You say you would not, and I think this is a good point, you, you would not just give a blanket pardon to your kid if he had all these serious drug problems. 'cause you'd actually wanna help him and dry him out and all the rest. Now let's say instead you were not Matt Walsh, but Joe Biden and you had profited allegedly to the tune of allegedly lots and lots of money over many decades, and maybe even sent your kid out to Ben's point to raise all that money.


In that instance, if you were a deeply corrupt president who had urge a kid to do this stuff, would you pardon him? I mean, you're asking that if he's a different human. Yeah, Yeah. I'm just saying I I I mean I get your point, but I refuse to agree with you. But, but yeah, I mean, if it's, if it's a guilt thing where he is like, well, this is actually all my fault. He did it for my sake. I'm not gonna let him take the fall. Of course then, then the real courageous thing would be, and the real honorable thing would be for Biden to admit all this, which he would never do. But in that case, I guess I could, could see an argument. There's The level of corruption here is is truly astonishing, but it's really bad for the country. And, and I have to say that, you know, now when you go back and you look at American history, you have to admit the Clinton presidency broke the country truly broke the country.


I mean, between the corruption and the partisan Lewinsky and the basic idea that virtue no longer mattered in public life like that, that that followed by the Iraq war, by the mishandling of covid, by all this stuff. Like every institution is broken. And so now what you have is people who are sinning more than the last guy sinned in the projection that the future guy will sin more than they have. Right. That's, that's exactly what Joe Biden said. Well, that is the part of this that's interesting to me is in the past this pardon would've been unnecessary. And even, even when Biden was swearing, he wouldn't do it. He probably thought it wouldn't be necessary because had Kamala won the presidency, there'd be no need for the pardon. And if Donald Trump weren't essentially promising to go back and punish people from the previous administration, it also wouldn't be necessary.


Because generally speaking, we've had a don't look back, you can never look back approach to presidential politics where, you know, we, we survive the Carter administration and we just never talk about it again. But because Donald Trump isn't doing that, he's, he's basically run on the promise that he is going to do something about this. I'm not saying that that's, and By the way, the only reason he's doing that is 'cause Joe Biden did it To him. Did it to him. Yeah. Right. You remember that Joe, that, that Donald Trump ran in 2016 pledging to lock up Hillary. And you know, it's the thing he didn't do. He didn't lock lock up Hillary. But you know, who actually tried to lock up the other guy? Yeah. Joe Biden Biden tried to lock that guy up A hundred percent. So things have changed. Yes. To even make this a thing that one, somehow our Politics have gotten even worse because now the way that it's going to work is legitimately you are going to have to par.


Every president's gonna have to do this now you're gonna have to pardon yourself of all blanket crimes on the last day of your term. You're gonna have to, because the next guy's gonna come in and find some excuse to prosecute the last guy. So my question For what lawyer, Before you ask it, I I have one response to what you say though. If Joe Biden had come out and said, I'm, I'm sorry. I know I promise not to do this. I'm broken. I cannot let my son do time. I, I may be wrong, but this is the way it is. He's my son. I love him. I can't do it. He wouldn't, he wouldn't have damaged the country. He would've seen it as his personal weakness. We all would've sympathized with it. But that's not what he did. He lied even in pardoning him. He was targeted, he was targeted with, well, He was, he was treated by a different standard. A much more lenient Standard than anyone else ever.


You see. And then today, ke Shapiro is out there attempting to explain why Joe Biden suggesting that the DOJ was corruptly targeting his son was different than Donald Trumps saying Yeah, of course Joe abruptly targeting Donald Trump. Again, this is the thing that, that really, His wine, This is a point that, that that Nate Silver was, was making. He was saying that, you know, it it's not that the, that people are getting the normality argument wrong, that things are not normal right now. But the point is that Democrats were not normal either. That's right. And they hadn't been normal for a super long time. Right. Yeah. And this was the reason why Donald Trump won the election. It wasn't 'cause people loved Januarys like, and deeply it was because they don't believe that the other side is any better. They believe the other side is Same thing. It's actually, go ahead. Go Ahead. My only question for the Harvard lawyer, 'cause what do I know? I don't have a law school education, but to your que point, Jeremy does this Pardon hold?


Is this legit? Yes, Yes It does. There's no question or challenge. I mean, there, there, there are no restrictions on the hardened power in the Constitution itself. It's very difficult to see a situation which the Supreme Court overrules A Presidential pardon? A presidential pardon. The only interesting thing about it to me is that it's not for any specific crimes. Right. Which does create now the precedent of blanket pardons. I mean, we didn't do That. If ever I'm elected guys get ready. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all get blanket pardons forever. That's, I was about to say, It's like the purge. It's awesome. I was about say I don't th why would Biden stop here? Why wouldn't he, between now and leaving office? Pardon? All of the most high ranking members of his administration for I wanna, I wanna see people can start getting Prospect party. They've done something right. I really want prospect. He Doesn't have to admit that.


Let's go All the way. That's the thing about the five years of activity. Right? Like, not just like stopping today. Like, like you can do anything you want until 2041, let's go. Right? Like, that's amazing. Like if, If he did that, the Democratic Party would cease to exist, I think. Do you think so? Yes. Because this is this is because of the father son thing. You know, this has this kinda shroud of sympathy and, and all this. But if he pardoned like Christopher Ray, you know, like, I don't, I don't think that, don't You think this to, to your point Drew wasn't this pardon? Also a little bit of a shiv to the Democrats who overthrew him a little bit of a Yeah, I lied. I said I wasn't gonna do it, but I'm not gonna pay anything with the cost. You might in the midterms for my lies, but who care? I don't care about you guys anymore. I Mean, certainly now nothing Trump does with the pardon, vis-a-vis say the January 6th ERs or maybe even pardoning himself.


Yeah. I think if I were, Joe Biden and I were going to do the wrong thing. 'cause I think he did the wrong thing. Obviously I may have commuted hunter's sentence, but the blanket pardon's too much. But if you were going to do it, what I would've said is, I am pardoning my son Hunter Biden, and I am pardoning Donald Trump for all the, all the allegations related to classified documents and the federal charges against him. That the era of political persecution of your pol, of your political enemies ends. Now, By the way, I thought that Joe Biden, I think he would've gotten away with that. I, I think that should have done that during the race. I always thought that what would been smart Of him, it would've great During the race, would've been to say, listen, he may have committed crimes Donald Trump, but you know what, we're a bigger country than that. And pardon Trump, it would piss Trump off something fierce, right?


Yeah. Pardon him for crimes that Trump said he didn't commit. And it also would've been seen by the American public as something magnanimous. But yeah, now, now it's a little bit late. It is, it is a wild story though. And again, goes to just the complete decrepitude of our politics. It's also the reason why Donald Trump is selecting people like Cash Patel to clean out these institutions, right? Yeah. These institutions are really, really corrupt. And he's appointing people to clean out an enormous amount of deadwood inside these institutions. Now, I may quibble with some of these strategery here just because he's gonna lose an awful lot of steam trying to ram through some of the more controversial picks. And I think there probably were people not probably, I know there are people in positions who would've done exactly the same thing, but without a lot of the controversy.


And, and I think that that, you know, if it were me and I were trying to do the same thing again, I like a lot of his picks, but I think that there's some of his picks where you could have gotten 99% of the juice with, you know, 0% the squeeze. Yeah. And, and that, that's gonna, that's gonna be a problem. There's gonna be some resistance to cash Patel, there'll probably be some resistance to Tulsa Gabbard. You know, again, I'm Will the speaker, will the speaker allow him to adjourn Congress so that he can Push this through? No. No. You don't think, think so? You don't think the Senate would push back you, do you really? You don't think though that Mike Johnson would put, put pressure from the house? No. Okay. I, I think even some of the supporters like me would, would, would be very unhappy with that. I, I, the, the Senate. The Senate exists for a reason. Yeah. It's an advice and consent mechanism. Right.


I tend to believe that you should be able to find people who, you know, 50 of your 53 senators can agree on. And that's why most of these people are gonna get through, including I think some of the more controversial picks. Like I, I think Pete Hegseth is gonna get through, for example, at sec. Yeah. Yeah. And I think Patel is gonna get through, Actually I think Patel will probably get through as well. I think that, that, right now, the two most controversial nominees are probably Gabbard and, and RFK. Yeah. You know, at h Hs, you know, those Children's illustrated books that have like trucks with eyes, you know, like I, that's who I would promote at this point. I would, I would vote for like a, a bulldozer with eyes just Yeah. Yeah. Destroy every institution. I think Tulsi gets through. I don't, because you gotta remember with Tulsi, some Republican senators might not like she's a Democrat. She disagrees with them on certain things.


Trump did not hide the ball on Tulsi Gabbard or Bobby Kennedy for that matter. He campaigned with them ceaselessly at the end of that campaign. The American people did vote for that. Right. And I think the Republican Senators gonna, I mean, The question is just gonna be the math, right? So if, if you look at, at for example, Tulsi or RFK Jr. You, you're looking at, at a drop off of three immediately probably. Right? You're talking Collins, Murkowski and McConnell. So those are the three likely to, to drop out. 'cause McConnell is, is done after this term. And so he's figuring who do I wanna vote for? Who do I, what do I care? Like I'm just gonna do what I want do. And so all you have to do at that point is peel off one more. Yeah. And so when it comes to, you know, RFK Junior, he's gonna have to make some commitments. And I think he should make some commitments by the way to, for example, reinstate the Mexico City policy.


Yeah. Like his, his pro-choice bonafides are gonna definitely be on the table in these hearings and they should be on the table. And that's why I think it's good to have confirmation hearings and just not let the president run rough shot over the ssus process. So, so I don't think that the president I, I'm against the recess appointment thing. We have a Senate for a reason. I understand the argument that the department heads aren't part of the checks and balances system. And as long as you're not talking about violations of the Constitution, that's probably true. But the Senate dec decidedly is an independent branch of government and is supposed to hold the president in check. It is part of the checks and balances. I think that it is a broken system, however, and has been for my entire adult life. You know, by the time nine 11 happened, George W. Bush hadn't seated most of his Yeah.


Cabinet. It took two years to seat most of Donald Trump's cabinet in the first administration, the advice and consent was never met. If you had told the founders a president could get halfway through his term Yeah. And not have a cabinet, they would've told you. Absolutely. That's not what this means. But I also believe that the advice and consent clause as, as pertains to executive department heads, I would let Barack Obama point almost anyone he wants, if I was in the Senate, that's how it was for most of the history of the country. Right, right. I I despise many of Trump's picks. I wouldn't, I'm against putting left wing Democrats in a Republican cabinet. I think it's wrong, but the President absolutely has the right to do that.


So I would do I think Tulsi Gabbard should be in the cabinet? No. Do I think RFK junior should be in the cabinet? No, but if I were a senator, I would vote to confirm them because I think the president has the right, I feel a little bit differently about judicial nominations. I think that That's different. They have like an actual non-partisan Yeah. Job. They're Supposed to. That's right. As Opposed to working for the president, you can fire 'em at any time. I'm against many of Trump's appointments. I think it's kind of hilarious that, as I've been saying for the last eight years, everyone who tries to build an intellectual framework around Trumpism is lying to themselves and others. Michael Anton gets basically booted. The whole Claremont Trumpism mean is meaningless. Not a single member of their sphere is ascending. The nat cons, who are the nat icons?


Ascending? No one. Here's two complete intellectual schools. JD Vance, JD maybe here's whatever JD Vance is, is yet to be seen. But whatever is, and also the vice president doesn't do anything. Here's two intellectual frameworks invented to assure us what Trumpism is all about. They got nothing. They didn't ascend a single person. There are more Democrats being ascended than Nat Cons or Claremont cons in the Trump administration. The only one who I would've voted against though as a senator is Matt Gaetz. Yeah. Because I think that's what the advice and consent clause is actually about. It's not about for partisan reasons. Do I approve of this person? I don't approve of, I think RFK Jr's a great, by all accounts, a great guy. I think he has some kind of fun ideas.


I don't, I'm a Republican. I don't want Democrats in office, but I would still vote for him because I don't, I think that's fraud. Pete was a Special case. 'cause clearly there was stuff that hasn't been released yet. That's Right. That was Really bad. Gate Gate says Sex or drugs. Either. Think There, there's also, I mean, with Gates not Problem. That dude practiced a lot for less time than I did. I mean really, he was a, he was a lawyer for like two years and then they were like, what if we just make you Attorney general? I was like, well, I mean, again, that was one where it's like, I understand what I think Trump was trying to do there. But, but Yeah. Don't you think that was part of the point? No, it was just you don No, you know, there was a brazen No, it wasn't The fact they, you know, it wasn't, you're so neither Do you, neither do you, you've Literally told me off camera that you don't think it was strategic. I, I think there was. Donald Trump doesn't do strategy.


That's not a thing. I I have, I have heard, I have heard that. It was not strategic. However, from Whom a high ranking source, shall we say A high ranking ranking, Better ranking, A very high, high ranking source told me that it was not strategic. However, again, to the, oh my God. To, to your point on building intellectual strategies, tr and to your point, drew Trump, I don't think consciously writes out long white papers or anything like that. I think he moves by his gut. And I do think that there was a gut move with someone like Matt Gatez. The fact that he's a pist and not a long Practice. 100% Is the point. Nominating Of course the only, this is why I've been so mad at you and Drew for eight years. Me Yes. Trying to tell me what did I do. Henry Olson says that what Donald Trump's really doing. Screw you.


There is no intellectual framework that you can put around Trumpism. No. The only thing that's true of Trump, and it's definitely represented in these picks, is that Trumpism is an attitude Yes. That I can completely agree with. Yeah. But I've never, I've never said he had an intellectual, I've, I've agreed with you about the intellectual structures that the people trying to do it National Review did for Reagan and failed utterly because he's a gut politician. I agree. I agree with that. But, but gut politicians, I Mean, you can hate me for, I mean, I've been mad at you for eight years, but I was say plenty of reasons to take that. I guess my, my only point is gut politicians have a gut, you know, and the gut, the gut has a kind of good arguing Himself. Sure. His gut, I mean, his gut is doing wonderful things. Yeah. I mean, honestly, that's great. He wants to disrupt the system. Yeah.


And I you think, look, By the way I do wanna call out, Jeremy has a proposal that I think we should air right now. I I have mentioned this to people in, in very high places in power. And I think it's a good proposal and we should get some momentum behind it. So Democrats right now have decided they once again love the filibuster. Right. So they hated the filibuster until the last seconds. Yeah. I And now, and now they love the filibuster again. So Jeremy has a proposal and it's a very good proposal that I urgently recommend that the Republicans and the Senate take up. And that is constitutional amendment to enshrine. The filibuster in the Constitution of the United States must be done within the next 18 months. Or Donald Trump nukes it because the, By the way, I would do a great idea. I would do it with the nine justices on the court too. Yeah. Yes. Fix the Supreme Court at nine. Justice, we're all against court packing now. Right. So let's put it in the Constitution and if you don't get it done within the next 18 months, I'm packing the court Excellent ideas.


I'm not just gonna wait for you to do it. Excellent. We can either all agree not to do it. Yep. 'cause we're all the trust is gone at this point. The trust is gone. I totally agree with Jeremy's point on this. It's a great idea. So I think we should publicly air it and get behind. Well, on that note, I think we can call, we can go home. They, I just got agreed with by Ben Shapiro.


Thank you for hanging out with us tonight at Daily Wire Backstage. We still have a little bit of time left on our Cyber Monday deal. 50% off of Daily Wire plus membership. And you can get Jordan Peterson's great new series. The Gospels will be releasing new episodes every Sunday. I think this is the last time we're all together until Christmas. So I'd like to wish you know all of you a Merry Christmas and Ben, whatever you guys do, Whatever you guys, Kwanza.


You know, Not everybody


Hate shopping for pants. You're not alone. Jack Archer's, jet setter Tech pants are basically the answer to every guy's closet struggles with their customizable fit, wrinkle-free fabric sourced from Japan and all day comfort. These pants can take you from work to the weekend without missing a beat. Seriously, these might be the only pans you'll ever need. For a limited time, get 20% off when you use Code Daily wire@jackarcher.com. That's jack archer.com promo code Daily wire.


I.