
I am one of many Americans who bought a gun within the last year. Well, I get to the range as much as I can. I usually go with my wife and sometimes we put it off because the guns are really loud for her and sometimes the recoil is a lot for her. And sometimes the recoil can be uncomfortable. Fortunately, this doesn't have to be the case. There's a single accessory that will make going to the range a lot more enjoyable. Silencers make shooting significantly quieter and cut out a lot of that recoil and concussion. But obtaining a silencer can be a pain In the neck. There's a ton of paperwork and red tape involved. Fortunately, my friends over at Silencer Shop are here to help. They make getting silencers super simple silencer Shop is help more American gun owners get suppressors than anyone else because they make the process so much easier than anyone else. They offer the largest selection of top brand silencers and their dedicated team will help you find the perfect fit for your firearm. They handle the hard part. They'll help you submit all your paperwork. You can get your suppressor from the comfort of your home@silencershop.com slash shapiro. These guys really know what they're doing. They're huge advocates of your Second Amendment rights. Silencer Shop doesn't just support your Second Amendment rights. They fight for them. They spend a lot of time and money aggressively lobbying, fighting lawsuits, and supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation across the nation. You gotta check 'em out. Go to silencer shop.com/shapiro. Let Silencer shop help you make your guns better. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro.


Hey folks, Ben Shapiro here. Don't miss our latest episode of Daily Wire Backstage. Join me Matt Walsh, Andrew Klavin, Michael Knowles, and Jeremy Boring as we cover the top stories in politics and pop culture. With enough laughs and insights to get you through these insane news cycles, take a listen. Welcome to Daily Wire Backstage. I'm Jeremy Boring. Joined by Michael Knowles. Andrew Clavin. Matt. Walsh and tuning in remotely because we allowed him to go on vacation for the first time in nine years. Ben Shapiro, this election is pivotal. I'm sure you've been watching the amazing events that have been unfolding for the last two weeks and it's been kind of an an amazing time. Both In, the history of the company and In, the his In, the history of the country and the history of our company. We've been bringing you more live coverage than ever In the entire nine year history of The, Daily Wire. And that's because the events that are unfolding all around us are truly monumental. I feel like we've lived through like five chapters of the history book, In the last 14 days. We're able to do that important work because of our Daily Wire Plus members. We bring you the truth every day unfiltered, and we could use more help. So please, if you're not a member today, go to Daily Wire dot com right now. You can Use promo code fight to get 47% off of your annual membership fight because Donald Trump said, fight, fight, fight 47% because he may be the 47th president. If Joe Biden doesn't just step out of the office tomorrow, in which case Kamala will become the 47th president, we will change our promo code to 48%. And Donald Trump will have to burn all that merch that he spent money building and selling over the last several weeks that could actually happen. People. Yeah, we are through the looking glass. Everything has gone nuts. Members can ask questions during the broadcast tonight at Daily Wire dot com. The deal ends tomorrow. So please head over to Daily Wire dot com. We really do appreciate our members and they are the reason that we're able to do the kind of coverage that we've been doing these last couple weeks.


Holy crap. We've been at this a while. We've been talking about politics for years now. Nothing like this has happened in ever, ever. Yeah, I mean, this is you, you know, this is like civil war levels of, well, maybe not civil war levels of insanity, but I don't know of since the Civil War, this kind of insanity around an election since the sixties has taken place. Even In the sixties. No, 'cause they were popping off our guys, But just, just think the President, he killed one Kennedy, the the President who has just said that he will not want run for reelection. Yeah. Was around In the 1860s and saw what happened to Abraham Lincoln and saw reconstruction. And so he's living through this now.


Our friend Bridget Fe tweeted out. She said, you know, people are debating whether or not Biden is alive or dead. And it's like the third weirdest thing to happen. In the last. Yeah, that's right. We have a major announcement and for the people who watch this show routinely, you know that two backstages ago, The Daily Wire marketing team actually sent out marketing materials publicly that said, please tune in for the God King major announcement. But they forgot to tell me what the major announcement was. And so as we started going through the show, we got to the part where the members could ask questions and people were saying, what's the big announcement? What's the big announcement? And don don't know. There was no major announcement tonight.


They have also been marketing that we have a huge announcement. And as it turns out, we do. It's really a watershed moment for us here at the company. We wanna share it with you, but it's the kind of announcement that's so big. We're not gonna start the show with it. Instead, we're gonna use this nifty countdown clot and one hour hints, we'll be bringing you the biggest announcement that The Daily Wire has made, certainly in 2024, and one of the biggest announcements In, the history of the company. So please stick around for the next hour. We'll talk through the most depressing and exciting political moments of our lifetime that have been unfolding all around us, and then we'll bring you this huge Daily Wire Plus announcement. Okay. So since the last time we were all together, we had a president.


His name was Joe Biden. We loved him very much. We had a vice president. Her name was Kamala Harris. She was kind of funny. Yeah, she was charming in a all of Hillary's worst behaviors and laughs, but with none of her accomplishments kind of way. And we had Donald Trump, the presumptive nominee at that time of the party. And everything seemed like it was just a normal, crazy election. In, the era of Trump since then, they literally put a bullet through Donald Trump and the president of the United States lost a debate so badly that he decided he could no longer be his party's nominee for president. And he resigned by a letter, which he obviously did not personally sign, which was released on a platform that he says is the home of misinformation and disinformation and should be boycotted by all the advertisers.


And then we just didn't see him for days and days and days. We finally did see him today, get out of a car, shuffle past the press, mumble he's his frozen arm, mumble a few words. And then I have to say he took the, the big boy stairs up to Air Force One, which the last time we saw him, they were loading him In the belly through the short stairs. So he is apparently doing a little bit better, and we're supposed to hear from him in a noval office address tomorrow. But truly like the craziest 14 days in American, in American politics. Ben, what do you make of all of it? I mean, that's a big question. It's, it's almost hard to know where to begin with all of this, because I feel like we're all seven years older. In the last three weeks. Yeah. and it, it's one crazy event after another.


I I think we should probably start from the state of the race as it currently is because We can get into, you know, Joe Biden dropping out. What does that mean for the country and all the rest. But I, I think that we should start with the state of the race, which is now Donald Trump versus Kamala Harris. This is a different race. It doesn't mean that Donald Trump doesn't have the advantage. Donald Trump obviously does have the advantage at this point in times. You look at the polling data he's running Summer team one and two points In the national polling ahead of Kamala Harris, with all of that said, obviously he's no longer running against a dead person. And pretty much everybody had exp had been expending their mental energy on the fact that Joe Biden is senile and incapable of holding his office. Now, Kamala Harris is in there, and this race looks kind of like the dynamic that the race had before that first debate, before Joe Biden completely fell apart, which means that Donald Trump has an advantage, but it, it's less of a massive advantage than sort of a slight advantage.


And you're going to see the most irritating media coverage you've ever seen over the course of the next three to a half months trying to whip everybody into a frenzy over the least charming candidate since ever. I mean, she's way less charming than Hillary Clinton. She's way less interesting than Hillary Clinton. She's way more annoying than Hillary Clinton. She runs terrible campaigns. She was the literally most radical Senator In, the United States Senate as of 2019. She was the border czar who was presided over the worst border crisis in American history. And of course there's the cackle. So, you know, do I think that that she's capable of winning? Yes. And anybody who's on the ticket is capable of winning. Do I think that she's going to win In the current situation? I think that it's, she, she certainly has an uphill road, but the fact that the Democrats had to pull her last minute demonstrates just how desperate they were and just how powerful Trump's campaign has been so far.


Ben, we heard almost none of that, but Actually heard it. You, you look authoritative. Like I'm just looking at the monitor. You use your hands very effectively. No, I'll let you know. Ben was talking about how handsome I am and how ice my jacket looks tonight. It, it's all totally agree. Ben, it also shows you the fact that they would pull, the fact that they would pull Biden at the last minute and, and throw Harrison shows you not only how desperate they were, but how they will do whatever it takes. Yes. Yeah, they will. They will in 2020, they will advocate locking the country down and change all the election rules. If they think it's gonna help him, they will toss this man, this man who has given the majority of his life to this party who has always been a yes man, a company man, total empty suit, changes his views based on what they want him to do.


They will pick him up, Kamala will throw him under one of those big yellow school buses that she loves so much and let it run him right over. And so we shouldn't underestimate how formidable that political force is. I think No, Willie, Willie Brown says, and and he knows, he knows Kamala, he knows don don't know if he knows her biblical sense I, don dunno if he knows her biblically, but he at a minimum knows her book of Mormon. Like it's, It Took like seven minutes for Willie Brown to come up In the comic Conversation, self-censor, self-censor. So he has said all along that she would be president. Yes, he did that. She is an amazing political tactician. Yep. He says, and here she is.


And she, she has in fact found herself in a position never having received a single popular vote in a Democratic primary. She finds herself the nominee, her party's a nominee to be president. And as we learned in 2016, if you are the nominee, you can win. Oh, absolutely. And, and I'm a little less sanguine even than Ben. I think the major political shift, In the last week is that it was Donald Trump's race to lose. And now I think that it actually is Kamala's race to lose. In other words, it's not that I don't think Donald Trump can beat Kamala Harris, it's that I don't think he is beating Kamala Harris. There's a huge wave of new voter enthusiasm, completely changes the game. It's unfair. You know, it's, they basically got to the, the last inning of the game, realized that their opponent was far, far ahead and then they just called a complete reset, fundamentally changed the rules of the game, fundamentally changed the competition.


But that is the reality that now is before. And Trump is going to have to, and not just Trump, everyone who wants Trump to be the next president is going to have to actually do the work to get him elected. And we can't, we can't underestimate I think sometimes we under, we can't, we don't wanna under underestimate the threat Kamala Harris poses, but we also wanna underestimate the ability of the corporate media to set a narrative. And I sometimes we like to, we like to wish cast and tell ourselves that corporate media is irrelevant, but they're not. And the corporate media, we saw what happened when they, along with the donor class and the Democrat elites decided they want to get rid of a sitting president. They did it in three weeks. That's right. So if they set out right now and they decide that, you know what, Kamala Harris is a transformational candidate.


She's a once in a generation political figure. She's gonna be the, the, the first female president. She's all these things. None of that is, well, first female president is true, but the rest of it isn't. But if they decide they want to convince the public of that, then they have a, they have a, a real ability to do that for a lot of people. And I think also the, you know, the emotional blackmail tactic is, is it has proven pretty powerful. And so, you know, the, one of the messages to the American public will be, you know, this is, we had a chance at a female president in 2016, and you bigots didn't let it happen. He was already hit running. Are you really gonna, the second time in a row, are you gonna let Donald Trump beat the second female potential president?


You've Convinced me Trump's gonna win. Yeah. I have to say though, that first, there's one thing that we should actually admit upfront from the moment that bullet missed Donald Trump from the moment he was, all right, this has been the most entertaining couple days in politics that I have ever seen, if you love politics. and it is added to by the Democrats, soulless coup of this guy engineered obviously behind the scenes by Barack Obama with a fine Italian hand. And it's, it's so much more entertaining than even Trump because Trump fires you on a jumbotron. You know, you're, you're in Yankee Stadium, it's like Rex still is in your fired, you'll kiss the girl next to you're out here, you know? But, but, but Obama has that Chicago way of getting rid of you, which is, is just entertaining that Chicago way of making sure that Jews still win even though no one has voted for you.


Yeah. I I, I have to say though that Kamala does have some strengths that are, that actually are strengths. She hates Jews and she kills babies and she bails out rioters. And those are things that the Democrat base not only likes, but they will make it less likely that the Democrat Convention is overrun by pro Hamas Nazi protestors. That's right. Yeah. Although if, if she actually No, you know, go ahead Ben. Sorry. I know, I know the latency is bad. And so I'm, I'm chiming in from literally a different state. But, but I, I will say that I I I am maybe the optimist In the room or not In the room as the case may, which always shock, you know, there, there, there are a few different factors here that make me a little more optimistic than you guys.


One is people already have seen Kamala Harris, you run the worst presidential campaign in modern history in 2020, so bad that she dropped out of the race before she even got to her home state of California. She loses her staff like nobody's business, she's just not a competent candidate. She's never run a truly competitive race. The only competitive race that she ever ran was for Attorney General In, the state of California. And she won that one by one point over a Republican In, the state of California. And so the idea that she's gonna be able to put together a credible campaign, I think that's very difficult. She's very, very online. I think a lot of the enthusiasm you're seeing right now is about Biden getting out, not about Kamala Harris. So that means it's sort of an air SAT's enthusiasm. It's the kind of enthusiasm that you are forced to fuel with a gun to your head every time Beyonce brings out an album.


Doesn't mean the album's good, but it doesn't mean that you have to pretend that you are enthusiastic about it for the next five to 10 minutes. And then, you know, you never forget it ever happened. I, I think there's some of that going on with Kamala Harris right now. I think there's something else that has happened, In the interim that that has changed the race pretty significantly. And that is a permission structure was created by Joe Biden so that people could actually say the thing out loud that they haven't been able to say for nearly a decade, which is, I will vote for Donald Trump. This has been a major obstacle for Donald Trump in 2016 and 2020 was the social censure that attached to even the statement that you would, would vote for Donald Trump. And now you're seeing very prominent figures like an Elon Musk say that they'll vote for Trump like Mark Zuckerberg say nice things about Trump, the opening that Joe Biden created by staying In the race.


And by so clearly being out of his mind by so clearly being senile allowed many people to say the thing. And once they've said the thing, it's a little easier to say the thing again. And it's harder to unsay the thing. Once Donald Trump becomes a serious candidate in your mind, well then he's a serious candidate in your mind. And Kamala Harris coming in isn't going to reshift that. And so you've seen some of the lines that she's retailed over the course of, say the last couple of days. And these lines are very weak. She, she started with the project 2025 stuff that ain't going nowhere. She started with the, I'm gonna prosecute the case against Donald Trump. I mean, you are going to do it. I mean, the DOJ is literally doing it in two separate jurisdictions and you have Fannie Willis doing it in Georgia, and you have New York doing like you are going to be the pro you're, you're right. We've never heard a case against Donald Trump.


We need you the world's worst prosecutor to come in and prosecute Donald Trump. And now she's doing the, we're not going to the past. We're going to the future nonsense. Which I mean, I I just, I have to break it to her. We're all going to the future. We have No choice. Just hope. There's no way to Get back to the past. I I just hope that they don't find out that Donald Trump ever had a misdemeanor marijuana possession conviction, because if he did, Yeah. Can I, can I Say it's not black? It's fine. I say she'll never come after him. He is white. He's, it is cool. Two Thi two things to what Ben said. First of all, Kamala Harris has never won an election, a campaign that she had to run by herself because she's not competent enough. But she's not, Kamala Harris isn't running for president.


She's run not by herself. She's running along with the corporate media, with the donors, with the de demo elites lining up behind her. She's never had that before. And when you have that, it just does change the game pretty considerably. And the second point is, I think that just, just to take the pessimistic view on, on, on Out fla, I'm gonna out flank Ben on pessimism. I think that the, the line about that she had at the, the, when she was given a speech to the campaign workers about, you know, I I was a prosecutor and I went after abusers and I went after Scam artists. And I know these, I know guys like Donald Trump. Yeah. The, the Donald Trump part of that isn't very compelling. We've heard it a million times, but if, and I don't know if this is the case, but if that is a, an indication that she is actually going to try to run as the tough as nails prosecutor who's gone out there and found the bad guys and put them in jail.


If she's gonna run as that Kamala Harris, which is mostly a fan, you know, a fantasy. But if she's gonna run as that rather than the Kamala Harris that bailed rioters outta prison, that could be a problem for the Republicans. And the reason why it's a problem for Republicans is that I'm not confident that Republicans aren't dumb enough to respond to that by trying to out flank Kamala to the left on the crime issue. We've already seen some of this about how, oh, well, Kamala Harris, she put, she put, you know, young black men in prison and that sort of thing. We're, we're seeing that from Republicans. And so the real risk here Yeah. Is that Republicans give up the crime issue, which is so easy. Yeah. Such a winner that they give it up because they, they think it's a, they think it's a vulnerability for Trump, but the issue, she's really vulnerable.


I'm actually on Ben's side about this. I think that I would rather see Trump run against Biden because Biden has passed away. But, but I think, so this is a little, it's worse than that. This is not, they're not as bad, but, but she's got the, she's the border czar, remember the border czar, she's never been to the border and She's never been to Europe. And, and she was part of the conspiracy of lies that I think is undermined the media in a big way of, she came out and said, I saw Joe Biden every day. He was great. He was, nobody was sharper. He was so sharp. He, she was lying to the people. And there are democrats still, look, a lot of people are gonna turn out as they did In the last election to vote against Donald Trump. There's no question about that.


They always do. But still, she has been really deceptive, openly dishonest in a way that we all have the receipts, we all can see what he did. And that just to me, undermines her in a very deep way. Plus Biden is a failed president. I also, his, his policies have failed. I feel good about the polls. I I share your concern, Matt, because right now Republicans could hit Kamala in two different ways. We have, we have all the clips. The one is where she's making fun of the people who say we need to build more schools, not more jails. That's prosecutor tough on crime Kamala. Right. That's the one that'll some Republicans in a misguided way are focusing on. But there's also Kamala talking to Stephen Colbert in 2020 saying that BLM riots are gonna continue and they should continue.


Yeah. There's the Kamala who bails the rioters out of prison directly. So obviously that's the one to focus on. That's the one You need to set the narrative that that is the Kam That's the real Kamala. Yes. But if you look right now, I mean also, Sorry, go ahead Beth. You Have to, you have to look at the state by state here. So I was just gonna say, look at the state by state. So one of the things that they've been doing with the political analysis is saying that the map for Joe Biden was basically win the blue wall states, or he, or he's done right, he's gonna lose Georgia Arizona. He was going to lose Nevada. And they're saying that, well, maybe for Kamala Harris, the idea is that she can lose some of those blue wall states and she can win back, say Georgia or Arizona or Nevada. I don't think that's going to happen. I really don't. I think that the, the gains that she's going to make with black voters are going to be lost with rural white voters because those are voters that Biden was doing better with than she was doing.


So they've been saying, well, she's gonna shift her strategy to the Sunbelt. She's not gonna win Georgia. And Stacey Abrams couldn't win Georgia. Why would Kamala Harris be able to win Georgia? She's not gonna win. Arizona Kamala Harris is not wildly popular with Hispanics. There's a poll that came out that shows that she's running dead. Even with Donald Trump, among Hispanics. Gretchen Whitmer already, I think, gave away the game. She was asked the other day whether she would take the VP slot on Kamala ticket and she said she would not. Okay. When your VP candidates possible VP candidates, I mean, again, politicians are the most ambitious people. Yeah. In the world, like on planet Earth and becoming VP is obviously a launch point for the presidency. And that's true on both sides of the aisle. The gaming in order to become VP, is so unbelievably strong. So when Gretchen Whitmer, who's the current governor of Michigan, when she's asked, would you take the VP slot from Kamala Harris?


And she says, no, I think everybody should take a minute and just wonder why that is. Why she, why is she's saying no to that? I think the obvious answer is she thinks there's a pretty good shot that Kamala Harris goes down to wild defeat in 2024. And then it's Gretchen Whitmer time comes turning 2028. That's right. I think, I think it's possible the Democrats are actually thinking that way. That they're basically saying with Kamala Harris, we end the panic, which will help the lower guys lower down on the ticket. Trump can only be president for one more term. So we let 'em come in and wreak whatever havoc. And then we, we clean up the next time out There. There are three big polls out right now. One of them has Kamala up Reuters. Ipsos has Kamala up by a little bit. The other two polls, I forget which they came from, did, did not, you know, Kamala Trump was up by one in one of them, and Trump was up more significantly In the other.


And CNN was talking about these two polls. So you say, okay, Trump up by one. Okay. Maybe Kamala's up by a little In, the Reuters Ipsos. But this is the honeymoon period. Candidates go down when they start running. Hillary looked really good in 2015, you know, it was when she got In the rights. But this is actually the problem. The honeymoon period usually lasts about a hundred days. The election is something like 114 days, Not in a campaign, a hundred days in a campaign. Oh, yeah. In a situation like this, we're missing the fact that she never had to face the voters. There's never been a debate, there's never been a single time where she's had to take fire from her own side. Yeah. She, so for that reason, she gets to be nothing but an icon for her side.


Her side never has to question whether or not they like her. They, they only get to judge her in comparison to Donald Trump whom they hate. And so I think that she'll have an extended honeymoon period. I, I'm not sure about that. I, I think first of all, you know, I don't think the fact that this was a coup and nobody voted for is a big talking point. But I think it's a somewhat of a talking point. Do you know Why? Do you know why? Actually a guy, I have a little secret information as to how they got Biden out of the race. And the way they did it was they gave him a beautiful cushy helix mattress and he never wanted to get up again.


Folks, I gotta tell you about my helix. I love it. I've had my helix for years. and it is, it's not just a mattress, it is a weapon. It the culture war, how you ask. Well, while the radical libs are tossing and turning unable to sleep because they're worried about misgendering their houseplant, I'm getting the best sleep of my life. Even more important, I believe in Helix so much, I gave my little boy right when he moved out of his cri, I gave him a helix mattress. And he is energetic and virile as ever. Imagine this, you're lying on your customized helix mattress, perfectly contoured to your spine, peacefully sleeping while the rest of the world is in chaos. Suddenly you wake up refreshed, ready to tackle the day's biggest challenges looking vibrant and sexy and ready to meet the challenges. This is the time right now. Go to Helix Sleep dot com. I think it's Helix Sleep dot com. They won't gimme my URL. There it is. Helix is giving you 30% off mattress orders and two free pillows For our listeners, that is Helix Sleep dot com. What did I tell you? I love Helix so much. I even memorize their ad copy. Helix Sleep dot com slash knolls Helix Sleep dot com slash K knowles. They have a hundred night trial and a 10 year warranty so you can sleep on it risk free. Unlike our southern border, if you don't love it, they'll actually enforce their return policy and pick it up for you. Go to Helix Sleep dot com slash knolls Get up to 30% off plus two free pillows. It is time to declare your independence from bad sleep. That's right now, Helix Sleep dot com slash kno.


We need to take some of the savings that we get on our mattresses and pay those copywriters more money. That's some really good stuff. That was good copy. Wow. It was a pretty good segue too. Stop, Stop it. Come on. Get outta here. You're a pro. Come On. So some pess, some some room to be pessimistic, some room to be optimistic. The thing that I was saying at the beginning though, I, I do wanna stress, which is if everyone who says I voted for Donald Trump actually voted for Donald Trump, we, we do this funny thing in America where we use the term voted to mean support or voted In the abstract. Yeah. But elections aren't won by support. Elections are won by casting ballots and then sitting on the ballot box. And so I think it's gonna take real shoe leather to beat Kamala Harris and to beat the Democrat machine, which is what we're really running against.


And I think that Republicans run the risk of making the mistake that Hillary Clinton made and the Democrats made in 2016, where they thought there's no way we could lose to this clown. And so they didn't show up and vote, and so they lost. And if we get cocky and think that Donald Trump can't possibly lose to Kamala Harris, that would be a big, just because she's offputting to us, that would be a big, we will Lose to her. Yeah. Complacency would be a big mistake. But, but optimism isn't. I, I, I, I have to say in this moment, I'm, I'm less optimistic than I was when Biden, but I never expected Biden to be the candidate. I've never thought he could make it to the finish line. And so, and I don't think Trump did either. I think that Trump is prepared for this. Yeah. They kept saying online, oh, Trump is shaking in his boots.


First of all, Trump took a bullet. He wasn't shaking In the boots. And and second of all, Trump has been expecting this. They got the first ad out within like 30 seconds of her announcement. They, They were ready to pivot, Totally ready for two months. And, and she's just, she's so vulnerable. She cannot hide the things she said. I mean, this is, you know, it's a, it's a media age. They can get those tapes out there and We can see her bailing out the rioters and saying the things she said. And that cackling at, Are you saying that she's, she's burdened by what has been, She's burdened by what has been that That is exactly what I'm saying, by The way. Yeah. We joke about that as though it's as though it's a really empty and, and sort of a, a ridiculous platitude, ridiculous platitude.


But it actually isn't, she is actually expressing the worst philosophy I've ever heard. But she's, she's essentially Saying Jism. Yeah. She's essentially saying it's the same Philosophy. You know, it's the same philosophy as, as Kylo Ren uses In the Last Jedi. It's literally that line. Right? Right. You remember, I know it's a terrible movie, so you've blocked it out from your memory. But you remember that that's literally his case. What if we blow up all the olds and then we are unburdened by what has been, and We can, and We can be the new she, she, she really is a, a nefarious and, and sinister character. I think that what that, there are a few things Republicans are gonna have to be very careful of with regard to attacking her. However, I think that the most obvious thing about her is that she's wildly dishonest. This is where I think Drew, what you were saying earlier, the the health coverup actually does apply to her.


And Republicans should be hitting that over and over and over again. That's like an 80 20 issue in American life. Americans believe by like an 80 20 margin that if you said Joe Biden was fine, you were lying to them. That goes to her radical dishonesty. And then there's her actual radicalism she's running for president. That means that she needs, say Pennsylvania. She came out in 2020 and said she would ban fracking outright. Okay. That should mean she loses Pennsylvania pretty much automatically. The thing Republicans cannot do is the thing that we have a temptation to do, which is to talk about the obvious ridiculousness of this person running for President In the first place. You know, I, I think that you're gonna have to let people discover that for themselves. One area where she's different from Hillary is we had 20 years of people learning to hate Hillary Clinton. Like really, really, really, I agree. Hate Hillary Clinton.


Kamala Harris is, is fairly unknown to the American public. Ask most people who the vice president is and they really, really have no clue. That said, I think that if Republicans, if We can, the temptation is gonna be to say Willie Brown over and over and over, which of course is true. I mean, the first episode of the series, Scamala available at Daily Wire plus 47% off with promo code five. It, the, the, the first episode talks all about her relationship with Willie Brown and how that got her started in politics. But that is going to be used by her as a way of getting out the female vote. The more you say Willie Brown, the more she says you're a sexist for mentioning Willie Brown. I think the same thing is probably gonna be true when we mention the simple and obvious fact that she is in fact a diversity pick. I mean, Joe Biden literally said that he wanted a black woman for the ticket, but if we say that he wanted a black woman for the ticket and thus she is unqualified to be vice president of the United States, then she's going to say that we're all racist.


I don't think it's necessary to say all that. I think people can see it. I think people can see that she's unqualified for the vice presidency, that she's a weirdo like don don't think that Joe Biden that Donald Trump needs to call her a weirdo, for example, because every time she laughs she's being a weirdo. I think you should focus in on the fact that she's a radical leftist who is far too far left for the American, like way more left than Joe Biden was even. And, and combine that with her re her unbelievable dishonesty. That's gonna have to be the attack line. So now there is one issue. We talk about how Kamala has thrown all these people in prison and prosecuted people. She has prosecuted a friend of mine, David Boson, not a black man though. They, they talk about how she threw all these black men in prison. David Boson a white guy, but regardless of his race, he's a big pro-lifer. And she has, has prosecuted him for defending life and exposing the evils and crimes of the abortion industry.


Hmm. And, and she has been fanatically pro-abortion. He's fanatic for her whole career. And I say this as someone who is entirely pro-life. There is no sunlight at all between me and the pro-life movement, but I'm recognizing that abortion has been a tricky issue for the pro-lifers at the ballot since the Dobbs decision. So does she run on abortion? Yes. Does she say this is gonna energize the base? And how do the Republicans respond to that, Matt? Well, I, I mean, first of all, what you just mentioned, I think that is not known enough by, and the Republicans need to get that information out there because what actually happened there was Dave Delight and it was at the Center for Medical Progress. Yep. That this was, you know, six, seven years ago those videos where they revealed that Planned Parenthood was killing babies and selling their parts illegally on the black market.


And James O'Keefe, This was David Deli, David Delighted was spearheading it. Ah. And, and David was being prosecuted in, in California. I think he's still out there. This is our first video. He, he got, he got 'em on. This is the Video we weren't allowed to release. That's the first Daily Wire video. That's right. David got them on camera joking, saying, well, you know, we're gonna sell these baby parts and you know, I sure would like to buy a Lamborghini. Right. That was one of the lines. Wow. And they, nobody in Planned Parenthood was prosecuted for that. Instead they went after him. And I think that's kind of the answer to your question, is that that should be the response. If she wants to go to abortion, then you go right to, okay, well, so you think it's okay for Planned Parenthood to, to sell the body parts of babies.


And you prosecuted someone who exposed that. I mean, I I I'd like to see her def I don't think she's ever had to defend that. Yeah. That specific case one time. I'd love to see her defend it. I think if it comes up in a debate that's, that's the direction you take it. We saw, we saw Trump do that against Biden a little bit when abortion came up and he pivoted right. To Democratic extremism on the issue. And I think that's, that's what you have to do. You're not, you're not backing away and surrendering, but instead you're saying, look, we're not gonna talk about the 1% of cases. We're not gonna talk about the hard cases until you talk about the 99% of cases of abortion where it's used for birth control. Until you talk about the fact that you support killing a fully developed infant a second before birth. Like you, you answer for that. And then We can talk about these really rare Cases that that is a good strategy.


But it also is true that this motivates their base. That's what I started out with, that the fact that she hates Israel and she kills babies, motivates the left ba the left space. and it does mean, I think that they have a better chance of having a quiet DNC. Yeah. You know,


We are 30 minutes for making one of the biggest announcements In the history of The Daily Wire. If you are watching us online, thank you. But if you're watching us as a member, we thank you all the more. If you're not a member, head over to Daily Wire dot com right now, Use promo code Fight, and you will get 47% off of your Daily Wire annual membership. It is our members who make it possible for us to do this show and to do all the incredible work that we do, including the big announcement that we're going to make in 29 minutes and 36 seconds. I also wanna take a minute to remind you that Backstage is going to be in front of a live audience at the Ryman Auditorium. Once again, it's been a couple of years since we've been able to get together at the Ry Ryman. It's one of the truly great American venues, and we're so pleased to be going back. August 14th is today. Tickets are on sale right now. You can get those tickets head over to Daily Wire dot com. There's a link you can click or visit the Ryman Auditorium's website. We're excited to get to be in front of our fans once again. And if you remember last time we had huge announcements like that, Jordan Peterson was joining The Daily Wire that we're doing a special project with Dennis Prager. And you can bet that we'll have big announcements this time too, as well as just have a lot of fun. And, because that event is around three weeks from now, and if you think about what's happened In the last three weeks, it is truly at this point, impossible to imagine what the state of our politics will be and how exciting will be the conversation. So please join us at the Ryman auditorium again, Daily Wire dot com to buy your tickets right now.


So one thing that I wanna talk about is the assassination attempt on Donald Trump, because it's hard to believe how much has happened. That actually almost seems like a distant memory. Yeah. But it was, it was less than three weeks ago. And it's one of the truly amazing events of my lifetime is that they, they took a shot at the presumptive Nomine, Jeremy and former president of the United States. It was Less than two weeks ago, wasn't it? I think it was. Oh my gosh. It was, this Was 10 days ago. That's, that's how fast time is moving. How was That possible? Yeah, it's amazing. So one of the true, one of the true humiliating examples of, at a minimum, humiliating examples of the hatred of the deep state for Donald Trump and the failure of bureaucracy to do anything effectively, is this shot being taken at Donald Trump.


And a true turning point, I think in his political career as well. You know, a lot of people talk about the fight, fight, fight, which was a, a amazing moment of political theatrics. Epic, just Donald Trump is a true entertainer. He had presence In the moment to, to have this beautifully theatrical response and raw courage. But my and raw courage. But my favorite moment is actually right before fight, fight, fight. When he isn't, he isn't at the mic and he isn't playing to the camera yet. And he says to the secret service agent, let me get my shoe back on sun. And it's one of the most, to me, it's, it not one of it has been, it is the most humanizing moment in this entire sort of last eight years of Donald Trump that When he chased the Marines in political life.


Yeah. That was without thinking. I mean, that, that was an amazing, that was an amazing thing. Look, this is, this was epic. I mean, I've never seen anything quite like it. and it, I think it, it speaks to what Ben was saying, is it made it possible to just say, you know what, like what Zuckerberg said, this guy's badass, you know? Yeah. It means that he's who he pretends to be. Yeah. Which is a really important thing because he's such a showman that as, as Michael just said it, you, it showed raw courage literally under fire. And that's what he pretends to be. What he says is he's gonna stand up to the deep state for us. And you looked at that and thought, I'm in, I, I have to tell you I'm in, like, I, I've had problems with Trump since January 6th, even though I, I get all the gray areas of it and all that.


I still thought he should have acted more quickly at this point with the New York conviction. I thought, forget it now he's a hero. And I'm, I'm with him all the way. And when I saw this, I thought like, dude, you know, if you're not, who do, who do you want to be your president be against Putin and Iran and China. A guy who stands up and gets, almost, gets his head blown up. Also, you still has a presence Mind. You had this moment at the RNC where he addresses it. And I thought the first half of that speech especially was extraordinarily good and, and brought tears to my eyes as it did to a lot of people. And he, and he says, you know, you don't understand I'm not supposed to be here. And the people say, yes you are. Yes you are. And he, and he, I love it. This beautiful moment of humility. He goes, thanks, but I'm not, but I'm not, I'm not actually.


And, but he is In the broader sense. And so if you believe as, as we do here, that the entire cosmos is extraordinary, perfectly tightly knit to achieve God's ultimate ends in history in providence, then as astonishing as, as the attempted assassination was, you, you would say Yes. Yes, of course, of course. Trump turned his head 20 degrees a nanosecond as the guy is pulling the trigger. and it just, instead of blowing the back of his head off, it just whizzed off the top of his ear. Of course that happened in God's providence. Doesn't make it any less astonishing. In the moment. But, but that, that is not only of vindication of Donald Trump's political courage, a a complete condemnation of how the left has justified the assassination for eight years now, calling him Hitler, calling him an existential threat to the country, performing It, performing it on stages, Performing it on stages, you know, holding his severed head up.


That's right. In effigy. But it's also a, a one more example of glory given to God in this just absolutely magnificent a an event that is impossible to explain absent a logic to the universe and providence. Yeah. And obviously it's about Donald Trump, but other people were heard and a man was killed as well. Like there is a, it is an actual real thing. You know, there are people on the left saying it was staged and all this kind of, all this kinda nonsense. Well, someone is, someone is dead. Someone was murdered And, and the assassin was killed too. So like he got a bad deal of people and the funny, a troll of some sort.


Yeah. The funny thing is, if he did stage it, he still has a lot of courage because what he hired someone to shoot at his head Right. Makes a lot of guts. And obviously this was a, an incredibly courageous moment for, for Trump, especially because we have to under, we have to remember when he stood up, he didn't know if, if the threat was neutralized or not. So for all he knew there could be more shots coming his way. So there, there's that. But of course we, we also have to talk about the what, what allowed that to happen. And everything that's been revealed In the last two weeks, just or 10 days. It's just with each new detail and it's still, this is the case with each new thing that's added. It just makes, it makes the, the failure, if that's what it was, even more mind boggling. And I think we're still at a point where it, you know, there are a lot of, so-called conspiracy theories cropped up immediately after this.


And I think all of them are still basically on the table. I don't think even the most nefarious possible interpretation has not yet been ruled out. Especially when you consider things like the guy was on the roof for 20 minutes and was known to be there. They, they, they saw him with a rifle three minutes. This was the latest. I think they saw him with a rifle three minutes before he fired the shot. They saw him three hours initially before, before all this happened. Nobody Told Trump as he just revealed in an interview with Jesse Waters. and it would've been very easy just to say, well hang out here for a second. We gotta, we get that guy off a roof. They do that to me, when I do a, a YF speech or an ISI speech, the, you know, and I'm just some guy and the threats aren't a guy with a rifle.


And they'll, they will hold the events for 15 minutes. You've got a former president, current leading presidential nominee and, and nothing, you just put him out there In the middle of Yeah. That, that's a, She just stepped down. Right. She'll just resign Small potato. But no, she, But amazing. She's the first, it's the first person In the Biden administration to take responsibility for Anything. And she also stepped down. She testified in front of Congress. She and she stepped down immediately after that. What Ben, What did you Say, Ben? Yeah, no, she, she had to be forced to do it. Well, yeah, she said she wasn't gonna go and Biden made no move to fire her. And then only because Congress was about to impeach her, did she finally get out. And I, I think it speaks to two major issues. One, having to do with the deep state, with the secret service, and one having to do with sort of just generally the way that, that our government has become utterly incompetent, incapable of doing anything.


And that's the best, as Matt says, interpretation is just the insane levels of incompetence right here. But there is a malignity and, and that malignity is that Secret Service was asked multiple times by Trump's campaign for more secret service agents for more protection. And they didn't give it. And that's become clear through, through whistleblower testimony. And then they lied about it. They were requested like Donald Trump should be the most pro protected person on the planet because we all know how many people want to kill him. And in fact, we know that weeks before the Iranians, apparently there was an Iranian plot to kill him that was basically uncovered by the CIA and, and they knew about it. And so they, they still didn't give him extra security for something like that. You know, either that is an extraordinary level of, of lack of care and lack of fulfillment of duty, or it's something that is more nefarious.


And again, I, everyone knows I'm very non conspiratorial when it comes to this stuff. I, I just think that people are really bad at their jobs. This is like the height of bad at your job. You literally had one job. I mean, the Secret Service has one job and, and the fact that it took this long for her to be ousted from her job once again, speaks to the fact that if Donald Trump does become president, I hope he fires nearly everybody. In the executive Branch, because this sort of incompetence runs just bone deep with a huge number of our executive agencies. So In, the Navy, if you're the captain of a ship, you, you obviously can't work 24 hours a day. No human being worked. Drew works 21, but most human beings can't work anything like that number of hours during the day. And so if you're, even if you're the captain of a ship at sea, that there's time where you're in your bunk of sleep at night.


And that's not against the rule. I mean, that's, you have to be off duty and in your bunk asleep at night. If the captain of a ship is asleep in his bunk at night, Nope. And the ship is involved in a collision, he is immediately removed as the captain of the ship and fired from the Navy. Yes, he is out. And the reason is because it's, it's not that it is his fault in a, in a sort of urgent, literal sense, but it is ultimately his fault because it's life and death up for, for sailors on a ship at sea. And if you created the culture that allowed the ship to have a collision, even though it wasn't your fault, you weren't on duty, you weren't on the bridge, nevertheless, you're immediately the secret to be the head of the secret service whose job like the captain of a ship is life or death, the protection of a very small handful of principals, presidents, former presidents, cabinet officials, and other kinds of high dignitaries.


The very idea that someone could put a bullet through one of your protectees who happens to be a former president of the United States and leading candidate for one of the major parties nomination at that time. The, the fact that it would even occur to you that you still have, like, it shouldn't be that Joe Biden fired her the next day. It should have been that within 30 minutes her letter of resignation was on the death. This is the thing, it's not only of the president of the United States, It's not only lack, it's not only a lack of honor, it's a display of disdain for the people. That's right. And this is what really gets me about the Biden administration is nobody steps down the border's secure. People are pouring across, they come out and tell us the border's secure. Nobody has to pay for his lies. Nobody has to respond to a subpoena. They put, you know, Bannon in, in jail because he didn't respond to it.


Well, I live in a broken clock. No, but, you know, all the same. You know, I think this, there's no responsibility to the people because they don't feel that they're responsible to the people that's, You know, she stepped down great. You know, obviously way too late. But some people I fear want to give the Democrats credit for this because not only was it Andy Biggs was really tough on her during this testimony. Nancy Mace was really tough on her. But also Democrats a OC was really tough on her Roanna, big liberal Democrat from California was tough on her. But yeah, of course they are, she's small potatoes. It doesn't matter, you know, I, I think the reason they're willing to throw her overboard is one, there's just no defense of her staying in her job.


But two, because then they get to keep her boss, who's her boss, Alejandro Mayorkas, the DHS secretary, then they get to keep his boss Biden, who says that he's staying on the job even though he is got dementia for six plus months. So it, it was a very low cost way to distract from the situation. But thi this is not good enough. This is not even close to good enough. Her resignation should not be the end of the story. This should be the very beginning of the story. The fact that they did get requests from the Trump campaign for more security, the fact that the Trump campaign had to request more security. Insane the fact that they did. and it was denied. You're right. Insane. And then the fact that the Secret Service lied about it, they came out, they said, we have not received requests. Oh, oopsie, Daisy Washington Post asked me a few more questions.


We did get some requests. Now it doesn't just look like a screw up. Now it looks like a coverup. And I'm not saying it's a coverup for a conspiracy necessarily, but even if it's a coverup for incompetence, that is a major, major, what Is, what is the innocent explanation for something like she's, she's asked at the hearing how many shell casings did they, did they find on the roof? And she won't ans she says she knows the answer, but she won't tell. So she wouldn't answer how many gun men there were, right? Yes. Did he act alone? She wouldn't say. So I, I'm, I am maybe I, I tend a little bit more towards the conspiratorial, I'll admit. But I'm really wondering what is the innocent way to explain that? Can I take a crack at it? Okay. First of all, she, she should have been out of a job instantly. I'm not sure that people shouldn't be prosecuted ho horrible.


This event, this event is terrible. There are explanations for why you don't give all of the information and testimony less than 10 days from an event. and it's because there's an ongoing, presumably 'cause there's an ongoing investigation. You don't wanna give away all the information that would allow you to, to conduct that investigation. But I wanna speak to the conspiracy more broadly. Think about what has to be true, right? For it to have been on purpose, all the secret service snipers have to be in on it. All of the local law enforcement who are patrolling the outer perimeter have to be out on it, have to be in on it 'cause they can't accidentally do anything to stop it. All of the sort of redneck maga t-shirt wearing, 'cause you're outside of the metal detectors here, you're outside of the perimeter.


The, any one of them could have a concealed firearm. Any one of them could have intervened. I mean, the luck is not a business model. If you're going to have the deep state who have snipers, who are capable of the amazing shot that the sniper actually took to kill this guy. You have those people on payroll. If they wanted to shoot Donald Trump, they would've shot Donald Trump. There are, there are pieces of conspiracy. I'm sure there was a conspiracy of sorts. Not to give him more protection, but that's the, and then I told that son of a gun, Donald Trump's team, we're not sending him, but like, that's not a conspiracy to get him killed. That's a con, that's a kind of loose conspiracy of attitude. Yeah. But generally want him dead. A general Specifically. Yeah. It's a general disdain. The reason when these moments happen, we become conspiratorial is because when a moment like this happens, so many things have to have gone wrong all at the same time.


That it seems completely implausible, right? Like there are 20 things that went wrong here. How could that all be a coincidence? But what I would put before you is that that's how it always is in these moments. Because human systems, particularly in an advanced society, are actually fairly robust. And the robustness of the system tends to absorb single and even double failures. And so a great example of this is you might be driving down the road and we've all done this, you glance down at a text message, should you have done it? No. It's a terrible thing to do. Do you hit a school bus and kill 30 innocent children every time you do it? No. In fact, for most of us, we will never hit a school bus and kill 30 kids.


No matter how many times we look down at a text message. That's because there's a certain robustness to the system. The other driver is driving defensively and paying attention to the road. Our cars have monitors and beep beep beeps. There's those little lines on the road. And when you hit them, they go, da, da da da da, and kind of snap you back. This is a fairly simple system, but even it is robust enough to absorb single failures most of the time. Doesn't always, but most of the time. And so it winds up being the case that when these truly terrible events happen, nine 11, this, this attempted assassination of Donald Trump. Other, other examples, it tends to be the case in these moments that we only know about it because this is the time right?


When everything went wrong. I, and, and, and the truth is, Ben brought up this Iranian plot on Donald Trump's life from a few weeks ago. 98% of Americans have not even heard of that. Right? Because the truth is that the system is so robust. There's always a guy with a long object that could be a rifle. And the sniper sees him. There's always the local law enforcement calls something in and they're on the wrong channel. 'cause they're not used to interacting with the secret service. There's always the, the overweight girl from DHS who got assigned to the detail 'cause they didn't have enough secret service agents. And some of those things are always going wrong. But the robustness of the system generally, No.


I I Mitigates against the worst case. I completely agree with this, This, it's what, it's what pilots call a failure cascade A a failure cascade. I Totally agree with this. I will say this. However, and this is not a conspiracy thing at all. We know from Benghazi that this is a party that expresses its contempt for people by not supplying them with enough protection. And that's a dangerous thing to do. and it shows their disregard for human life of the people they, we know, they feel this way. We know, they feel every single one of us in this room could be backed over by a cement truck and not a tear would be shed In the Democratic party. And, and that that is the way they are. I mean, it's something. Well, and to Ben's point, there is a malignancy to it. Whether it's a vast conspiracy to assassinate Donald Trump or not, right? No, there is, there is an evil that's working.


There's an actual hatred of Donald Trump Yes. That contributed to the cascade. And he's right. That they, it's not him. They hate it's us and he's just In the way he's, he's right about that. I mean, they hate him too, but I'm just saying he does represent the people evidence That they hate evidence of this, evidence of this exact phenomenon is the reaction of the influencer destiny on X In the hours after the attempted assassination. What a bon when you say Donald Trump is In the way they hate all of us. This is literally true because Donald Trump happened to turn very lightly out of the way. And the bullet passed him and hit one of us. It hit one of the people, one of the supporters of Donald Trump and killed him and destiny, this leftwing influencer who, who heretofore I thought obviously was za and, and, and out of control control before, but never would've guessed this kind of a reaction.


Yeah. He was, he was crowing and mocking this dead man who took Donald Trump's bullet. And his argument was, the very fact of this human supporting Donald Trump means that he deserved to have his brains blown out at a rally that he was attending with his wife and children. Right. So literally Donald Trump was in, was In the way of this man? And when he stepped outta the way, then the guy deserved it. No, You know, I saw he deserved it. It, I just, I just did this, this video on, on my show In, the member block, talking about how much I've always disliked Joe Biden because I feel he is a mean-spirited corrupt man who just does such cynical things. The things he did to Bork, the things he did to Clarence Thomas, just un unbelievable corruption in this guy all his career.


And I just hate hearing this. He's been a great public servant. But I said, I prefaced it by saying, and I feel, and I literally feel this way. I don't wish him physical ill, I'm not happy to see him suffering from what he's suffering from. Everybody gets old, everybody dies. Not me, but I mean everybody else. Yeah. But, and, and I mean, I I think you do have to stop and say like, you know, he, he is a human being. He's one of us. You know, we're all gonna, we're all gonna end up before the same throne and the same judge. You know, it's not, that's not, that's not what this is about. This is about who has the power and who gets to run things and who doesn't. And that's all it's About. You know, while we're being nice to Biden and thinking about his Stop, We Can stop. Yeah. I I I was trying to think about whether or not I feel bad for him and I, I don't feel bad that his career is ending in a humiliating way.


No, I I don't feel bad at all, but I I do pity him in that he has spent most of his life now since 1970 is the first time he gets elected to the New Castle County Council. And then 1972 he's elected to the Senate before he is old enough to even serve. And he is there pretty much ever since. He has been in government for 54 years or with a little break in between. And he, he gave up a lot of the things that could have given him a good life. He sacrificed a lot of that to waste his time at the US Capitol. And, and I, I think public life is really good. I'm not one of these people who constantly is, is denigrating politics. I think politics is important.


I think the state is a natural institution. I think it serves the common good and, but He Hasn't accomplished anything in his whole career. He gave up 54 years naming one big accomplishment that he can can point to for it. Gay marriage. I'm, I'm not kidding. Kind of, I'm not kidding. I actually, yeah, The prime goal was good, but they, they un unwound. I I read a piece by Maureen Dowd eight years ago probably. And I think that she's a wonderful writer. Obviously I have never yet agreed with one of her columns, but I usually enjoy reading them. And, and she wrote one that I found really touching during the second Obama term. and it was about her pity for Joe Biden because Obama treated him like an absolute doormat.


Yeah. And Joe Biden was a loyal and faithful and supportive vice president. He, he fought all of the fights he needed to fight on behalf of Joe Biden on behalf of Barack Obama. Barack Obama would continually emasculate him, continually subject him to humiliation and degradation. And yet Joe Biden continued to be a party man, a company man, and do what he was supposed to do. And there's part of me that has a certain pity for him now because as you say, for his entire career, he has been the guy who did what his party asked him to do. And those very people Truly did. Threw him under the bus, threw Him under the bus here, Joe, give up your faith. I mean, that's basically what they said.


When, when your faith contradicts liberalism, go with us. Change your opinion. Even on supposedly deeply held views at a whim. You gotta go. And he did it. And where does it get him? I mean, I guess this is all Fian bargains. He got The presidency, So he did get the presidency for what, for five minutes, what? 18 months or whatever he Was. I also say that, that on this point, I mean, he got betrayed by, by everybody in his life. And, and I have no sympathy for him at all on that point. But this is also just, I I, I wanna say because I, I think that we haven't, you know, we haven't really, we haven't heard from Joe Biden, at least we don't think we've actually heard his actual voice in a week. And it's a very odd situation to be ghosted by the president. And then he breaks up with you on Twitter and we don't hear anything from him.


And there's a, you know, a lot of theories about, well, he might be on his deathbed a lot, a lot of reports on Twitter about he, he's in a medical crisis. He's dying. They're covering it up. And, and, you know, I can understand why people would speculate about that, but it never made any sense to me. But of course, because of course if, if he was actually In the middle of that kind of potentially fatal medical crisis, that's great for the Democrats because it absolves them of the claim that this is a coup, it legitimizes the coup. It, it, it allows them to install Kamala Harris as a president for a few months, which I think helps her politically. So I don't think that's why he's disappeared from the public eye for a few days. I think it's because he's furious. He, he had covid, they shuffled him off into quarantine and while he's there and when he left for quarantine, I think he still thought he was gonna be president when he comes out.


And while he was there over the weekend, they officially put the hammer down on him. And I think on Sunday he probably would've wanted to talk to the American people to, but they didn't want him to because they couldn't trust what he was going to say. And obviously if Joe Biden comes out in front of the public, because eventually, and supposedly he's gonna talk to public tomorrow, if there's even a, a whiff from Biden that he is bitter about this, that he didn't want it, that he doesn't wanna go along with it, even a hint of it, then everything falls apart for the Democrats. Everything falls apart for Kamala. 'cause now she looks like she was scheming against him and pushed the old man out. So I think what happened is that they pushed him out and they have not really let him get near cameras for the last few days because they wanna make sure don don't know what they're working out behind the scenes.


But when he, when he is in front of cameras, he needs to play ball and pretend that he wanted this. And it could be interesting because I don't, you know, we, we know his pension for going off script. He did, he did say to Kamala Harris. I actually thought that was him talking. But he said to Kamala Harris, I've got your back. Which is exactly what Obama said to him. But he didn't realize Obama meant he was acquiring a target. Yeah, I've got your bag on March 15th with a knife. You know, I, the the reason I think it was him on, on the, and we were just talking backstage about this, I think it was him, because if you li there were some ums, there were some uhs that are hard to produce in say, 11 labs or any of the audio AI programs. But it sounded like he didn't have his dentures in.


It's our, like that. And we, which we've heard from him before and we've heard from elderly politicians before. And I think that's what was going on. I, I think that would be very hard to reproduce on ai. Yeah. I agree with We're five minutes and 25 seconds away from our big announcement for the night. It, it will live up. I know sometimes we hype that there's gonna be a big announcement and then it turns out that the big announcement is nothing. We literally don't have a big announcement. This is not one of those, we do have something big to tell you. We're gonna share it in five minutes and 10 seconds between now and then. VP predictions on the left. What do we think's gonna happen over here? What does Kamala need to shore up her chances? Cooper In North Carolina seems like a smart choice.


If it were me, I know people are talking about Andy Beshear in Kentucky. I don't really buy it. I don't, don't see what he brings to the ticket other than he's a white guy. And actually that does in a way, balance out the ticket though. Maybe not In the eyes of the Democrats perhaps for swing voters. Josh Shapiro in Pennsylvania. I don't buy 'cause the, because the Democrats don't like the dudes. I Don't think that he's a too moderate for them and he's too moderate. I don don't think that works for them. Cooper, he kinda looks like a president. You know, North Carolina might help man in North Carolina. I think there's a good chance. Is He a fighter? He's he is a, yeah, he's, he's kind of a tough guy. More of he, he's more of a tough guy than some of the, the pushovers. And you know, you could say, well the, the biggest fighter, the American psycho level, Patrick Bateman fighter is Gavin Newsom in California.


But I think a lot of these people, I mean to the point we were making earlier with Whitmer, Gavin Newsom's a real political talent. And he's a young man by today's standards. He's a child by today's presidential standards. Yeah. So I think a lot of them don't, don't really see a, a likely path for Kamala. and it can't be on the ticket. Right. Because he is Well, You can always actually can. Yeah. You, you can always work it like Bush and Cheney were both in Texas and Cheney just changed his residency to Wyoming and, and he was able to run. So, you know, it's, it's tricky. There were reports that Trump was still considering Rubio Trump is a Florida resident now. He was still considering Rubio as late as a day or two before the, the pick. And, you know, you can change it with little residency movements. It's, it's tricky.


But you could do it. There are people, In the party, by the way, I spoke to people who had, who were very close to Donald Trump, who were with Donald Trump three days before he announced JD Vance. And he told them that his pick was Glenn Youngen. And now taking a bullet through the ear will probably make a man think differently about his vice presidential bs. But this was after that. It was In, the, it was the day immediately after he was shot. I think that it just is the case that it was very difficult for Donald Trump to decide who he wanted. He probably made up his mind and then changed it a handful, a handful of times. And I, you know, if you're, if you're Trump and you're trying to think of who is my VP candidate going to be?


It, it is a little bit different than what you need. If you're Kamala Harris, typically you need a fighter to be your vice president. But Trump is the fighter. And so he is In the case of Mike Pence. He counterbalanced himself not with, not with a a hatchet man, but with actually someone who might have a more moderate appeal. It depends on which Kamala they're actually running. Yeah. That's the thing. Right. We have yet to see who, who she is going to be. It's also clever of them to, to finally push Biden out until after the VP pick. I'm elated by the JD Pick. I think he's terrific too. I really like him a lot. So, you know, I would go with him either way. But you, you are picking your VP based on the ticket you think you're running.


If you're, if you're the challenger campaign, you're running against incumbents, you're basing it on the incumbents. And so for them to wait until that they're now they are have the advantage to counter program the the the Trump track. Yeah. Yeah. What I, what I, politicians, except for picking JD Vance, politicians never do what I want them to do. 'cause I always want them to make the bold move. Yeah. It's not my job that's on the line. So it's easy. I think she's got the problem that Newsom and Whitmer think they have a path to the presidency and it's not her. And so why would they get on this, this train that they think is going to go off the rails. If I were her, if I were she, what I would do is I'd pick a woman, I'd pick a hoel in New York, maybe because, because then you've got something really startling, two women running for president and vice president then, then you have two Women who weren't voted, who weren't elected.


That's right. Perfect. All the, that's, that's the Democrat party on wheel. Right. You know, actually though on the New York Point is really good because I was talking to sweet little Elisa about this, who has a great political gut, which is why she just never says anything publicly. You know, just she, that that, that's a true market political genius. But she pointed out, had they not MeToo Andy Cuomo in order to cover up for his actual scandal, which was screwing up during Covid Right. And killing thousands of people. But had they had, they kept Andy Cuomo, who I think they really pushed out over bogus reasons. He would've been a, a pretty good pick. Your Little Jewish wife and my little Jewish wife Ben Shapiro.


Yeah. Agree. On this point. Ben. Ben called me 24 hours ago or 48 hours ago and said the exact same thing. He said, it's amazing that they pushed out Cuomo because this would absolutely have been his moment. Hmm. And they pushed him out front there, there were good reasons to push out Cuomo. Yeah. Those are not the reasons that they chose. Yeah. Yeah. Right. They still defend all the actual horrible things that Cuomo did. What they don't like about him is the, well, the things that they all do. And He's also, everybody hated him. I mean, he was a, everybody despised him in New York. He was just one of those guys that nobody likes. So we are five seconds away from our giant announcement for tonight. Hope that you're still tuning in and, and if you're over at Daily Wire dot com, as one of our members Thank you.


We'll be taking questions from you in only a couple of minutes. I suspect several of them will be on this topic.


At The Daily Wire, we have a mission, fight the left and build the future. Our company started on this mission nine years ago, shooting our first podcast, including yours, drew from my converted pool house garage. Since then, we've had a lot of watershed moments. We've taken on the establishment and fought the Biden and Harris administration and their tyrannical vaccine mandate. And one, we've created alternatives to the left's corporate hegemony with Jeremy's razors and our delicious Mayflower cigars. We've taken on Disney In, the destruction of innocence with our bent key children's entertainment platform now has over a thousand episodes of wonderful kids content, by the way. And over a hundred million minutes viewed, we brought you the most influential documentary of a generation. What is a Woman, Matt Walsh's seminal work, which helped turn the tide on the anti-human trans movement. Today is another one of those watershed moments In the life of our company. The Daily Wire is taking another giant step toward fulfilling our purpose. Our vision demands that we not just stand on the outside throwing rocks, but that we actually enter the arena ourselves to create and inspire and shape the culture that shapes our future. That's why today I am proud to announce that Matt Walsh has a brand new movie. And this time it's coming to the big screen. This time it's more than just a documentary. It's a social experiment. His target, the twisted, racist, and grifters who make their living, teaching Americans to hate each other and themselves. In the name of anti-racism on September 13th. It's coming to a theater near you and it's called Am I. Racist. Let's be clear what's happening in this country. It's a nazim. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up In the nineties, I never thought much about race. Sure you noticed, but never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me being a white, straight, cisgender man. It's the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. That's me. Am, I, Racist. I would Really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. Can you please leave? I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. If I wanna be


an ally, I need to look like one. What is racism? Argue. Luther King said not to judge people by the Martin Luther King said a lot of stuff. Is America inherently racist? What the hell is that? The word inherent is challenging there. America is racist to its bones. All of the So inherently, Yeah. The entire system has to burn. And I'm not gonna even use save this country. This country's not worth saving. This country is a piece of shit. Oh, sorry. Sorry. They gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification.


Where are you guys on your anti-racist journeys? So I look around the room and point to who we believe is the most racist person. In the room. We wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. Would you mind signing it? You will. What do you think about this issue of heteronormativity and how it intersects with the broader structures of racism in society? Oh, they gonna say I'm racist. What's up with white people? What are you doing to decenter your whiteness? Who's making it the center? Why are they doing that? What you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this view. White folks Trash white supremacy.


White woman. White boy. White entitlement. White centering, white silence. Is there a black person around her? What's a black person right here? Does he not exist? They gonna say I'm racist. Racist. Hi Robin. Hi. And what's your name? I'm Matt. Matt. Hi Matt. Nice to meet you. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They Gonna say you racist. Racist. That's Robin DeAngelo. That is Robin DeAngelo. That is the like head of the anti-racist movement.


That's her. How Did you get her? I can't reveal our secret. I can't reveal it. Yeah, of course I can't reveal it. But it was a, it was, you know, there's, it's, it's tough because there's so many things about this film that I wanna talk about, but I don't wanna spoil. There's, there's so much that's not in there, including the, where that particular conversation goes. And all I can say is it goes to a pretty wild place. But we, you know, we, we can't give it away. And, and look, we've been working on this film for a long time, over a year. This, this journey of mine into, into anti-racism and eventually into DEI. And of course, you know, the, the thing hanging over this film as we, as we started to make it, is that is what is a woman.


And we know that, that that's sort of the expectation. We've kind of live up to that. And so we're all, we're very cognizant of that the whole time. And that was one of our incentives to approach the film and approach this subject in a very, very different way. There are a lot of through lines, you know, if you liked what as a woman, I think there's a lot of things in this that you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna notice a lot of kind of things. Similar sort of style. But one of the big sort of differences here, I think is that we, we started with on this journey into anti-racism and just kind of asking people questions as we did in what, as a woman.


But in this case, we decided that, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna ask the questions and I I'm gonna get the answers and I'll believe the answers and I'm gonna let these people guide me on each step of the journey. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna take what they tell me and try to put it into practice and that just takes us down Mm. A rabbit hole that by the end of the, by the end of the film is, is it's pretty wild as it as it continues. I I have to say my, my security at the RNC had been your security on this picture. And they were singing, its pre, I mean, they couldn't stop saying how great it was and how fabulous they thought Justin folk who directed and it and you were, they just loved it.


People are not going to believe the Content of this film. I'll bet. And in part it's because in what is a woman, Matt sort of takes the approach of being the every man and hearing from the radical transhumanist what they actually Right. Think this is different because we, in some ways we know what the quote unquote anti-racist think they've had 40 years of promulgating their deeply racist view of white America. And so what, what Matt does here that I don't think anyone has ever done in any conservative film before, is he takes a page from the book of people like Sasha Baron Cohen, people even like John Stewart during the heyday of of Yeah.


Daily Show. The Daily Show. Thank you. He actually trolls them. He yes, he lets them speak in their own words. It's not, this isn't about selective editing, this isn't, but but he actually allows them, he makes fun of them In the room with them and they still don't get it because they have been so secure for so long in their position. And so this movie has a different attitude to your point, than what is a woman this movie Yes. Reveals what they believe Yes. Reveals how insidious is their worldview, but also mocks them. And the right has for too long been afraid to mock the horrible people and horrible ideas on the left. And so this truly is it, it is a successor to what is a woman in, in fact.


But it, but it is something new. It is something different in kind than, it's why we're saying it's not just a documentary, it's a social experiment. Part of what we're saying is it's not just, it is a documentary. It all really happened, but it goes so far beyond just being a documentary. And we're, we're very proud of it and very proud. I I have to say, as the founder of the company, it's, it's an amazing thing to play one of our trailers and to have that MPAA Yeah. Rating in front of the trailer because this is a theatrical film that is coming out in theaters on September 13th. Tickets will go in on sale in just a little over two weeks.


It'll be nationwide. But this is, this is an actual rated theatrical movie And we're very, we're very happy to get the PG 13 by the way, that was a yes. A little worried about hitting, getting hit with the R but you know, PG 13 is good. PG 13 is good and it is, it is PG 13. It's the right rating. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean the, that's why I was saying with this, with this film, it's kind of, it's with what, as a woman, it was asking a question remaining sort of a, a blank slate skeptical through the whole thing with this, it's really just a, it's a pretty simple pivot at the beginning of, rather than remaining skeptical, just, okay, I'll buy that. So this is what you tell me, America's inherently racist, so on and so on.


And I'll buy that so that, that takes me to the next person I have to talk to. And they tell me this. And, and just seeing what happens when you put it into action and also embody, because that's something that the left has done to your point, Jeremy, that the left has employed this tactic to great success, success of actually embodying what they believe to be a version of conservatism and then sort of shining it back into our faces. And it's always really cartoonish and, and not accurate. But, so here's a similar, a similar tactic of we're gonna embody what this thing is and kind of reveal its absurdities that way. I Think if it's as good as a trailer, it's gonna be a smash. The, When yous, when you hear the things that Sarah Rao, for example says behind closed doors, when you see the things that Matt is able to drive them to in conversation and they go along with it because their worldview will not allow them to stop even at the most absurd, absurd expressions of their belief set, even when they sort of know that they're moving into territory that's uncomfortable, they can't stop because he, he has so perfectly allowed them to step into the trap of their own making the trap of their own worldview.


Truly, the funniest thing to me that's happening In the world right now is that Sarah Rao and Robin DeAngelo and so many other people in this film, they know what they said. They know what they did, they know the things that aren't In the trailer. And I know that they just saw this trailer and went, oh crap. Oh crap. It's important. and it couldn't happen to a nicer era group Of people. It's important to note though, you didn't punk them. You punked them In the sense that the hair, they didn't know who you are and you had the hair, but you didn't punk them In the sense that you, you didn't make them say anything. Yeah. They said what they wanna say And there's no, no clever editing to make put words in their mouth or anything like that.


They said what they said Cy Row is that the, the scene at the beginning sitting around again, I don't wanna give too much away, but that's, that's people who are really plugged into this might recognize that scene there because that's called race to dinner with a charge white women to come to dinner and call them racist for two hours. And it was one, one when we first started making this film, my, my great dream, because I knew about this race to dinner thing, I heard about it years ago and I said, we, we have to get In the room for one of those things. I just need to be there for it. And we, you know, turns out you have to be, you actually have to be a biological woman. They, they, they pretty much specify that to be at the dinner. But there are other ways we discovered to get into the room even as a white man.


And the things that are said at that dinner are just, are, are, are funny from a distance, but also quite horrifying. Especially when you're, when you, when you see these women that are sitting there and just absorbing it. It's probably the most intense brainwashing session I've ever witnessed. Wow. And little piece of, a little spoiler here. Matt did get recognized once and they called the police really. Well, We've all done that. I mean, And it's all, and it's all on camera. We won't say where it happens or when it happens, but just know that for there to be someone who disagrees In the room is a threat to these people. That's Like the very presence of someone with a different opinion is an act in itself of physical violence.


It's called Am I Racist. It's coming to theater September 13th, be watching for tickets to go on sale in about two and a half weeks. In fact, we're hopeful that tickets will go on sale corresponding with our event at the Ryman Auditorium backstage coming to you live at the Ryman Auditorium Auditorium here in Nashville, Tennessee on August 14th. There are tickets still available right now for that. You can get 'em at Daily Wire dot com while you're there. If you're not a member Use promo code fight and we'll give you 47% off of your annual membership right now. That's promo code fight 47% because we're fighting for Donald Trump to be the 47th president of the United States.


We're gonna move into taking some questions from some of our Daily Wire members right now. I'm hoping we get a question from our friend Laurel, because it's her birthday. Happy birthday Laurel. Wow. Great. Many happy returns. What are the chances they toss Kamala aside if her internal, if her initial poll numbers are In the basement before the convention? Listen, they love to run thing people from the basement. That was their old 2020 strategy. It'd be very hard for them to set Kamala aside at this point. The only Obama has kept his powder dry on this once Nancy Pelosi went over and endorsed her. Already did too. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're all in and and I do believe that they're sort of saying at this point, you know, after all their Trump will destroy Democracy and Trump has Hitler.


They're actually saying, eh, four years of Trump, then we'll be back. Yeah. And I think that what they wanted was they wanted the bleeding to stop because of the guys lower down on the ticket. And I think that that's what they've achieved and I don't see why they would throw her aside from that. Yeah. It's, it's hard. You, you get one do over I don. I don't know that you get two do overs. That's right. Look, a lot has happened in nine days, so three and a half weeks is a long time until a convention. But it, it would seem to me once Hakeem Jeffries came out, Schumer both had the same line. They said, this is a grassroots movement to, to put KAA on the ballot from the bottom up, not the top down. That's why no one voted for it. And, you know, And we're not gonna dare give him a chance. Yeah. I I think it really, whatever the Obamas do at this point, I I think it's the fix is kind of in Yeah.


Can President Obama be appointed as VP on the Harris ticket? This is sort of an interesting question and Michael, you might know the law better than I, my my belief is no. Yeah, I believe He Is. No, because he is ineligible. But it is kind of a gray, he's not like descriptively prohibited, but since he isn't eligible to serve again as president of the United States, I think it's sort of like Yeah, he, I don't Think he wants it either. He, He, he wouldn't want it, no president would want it. And he, he would be constitutionally ineligible from fulfilling really the only duty of the office, which is to step well To President of the Senate. President of the Senate, and, and then also to assume the office. So I don't, I don't think, I think he likes his place in Maui.


Is that the Chris wig from Lady Ballers? Matt? That is, that is. Although I think it's kind of, I think We can, we should just tell him it's complicated. Yeah. It's a little 'cause the Chris wig from Lady Ballers is, it's more the other way around. So these things were happening. Yeah. The documentary was mostly shot and we thought it would come out before Lady Ballers when we started making Lady Ballers. And we thought it would be fun if Matt's character from Am, I Racist was the character in Lady Ballers. But then nothing ever happens the way that you think it's going to happen. And so it all got confusing and now It's really confusing because that character from Lady Ballers and Am I Racist actually becomes Matt Walsh of the Matt Walsh show.


Which we thought, we thought those were both gonna come out before the Matt Walsh show launched. So it's very, it's like inception kind of. Yeah. It's like, I Do feel like no one, I feel a little like Chris Nolan Inception. Yeah. Parallel universes are a hot thing in, in movies these days. So it's a little bit like that parallel universes. Can my 13-year-old go with me to see Am I Racist? Oh man. Yes. I, I would say, What does the MPAA say? Yeah. and It says yes. PAA says yes, The movie is PG 13. It is not rated R and I don't just mean that it's not rated R because we eked it out and didn't get an R rating. It was, it is PG 13. Now that said, not every parent is comfortable taking their kid to a PG 13 movie.


It is not PG there. It's, it's has a few racy moments. It has some colorful characters who say colorful things, Hey, Characters of color, I think is what you call it. Aw. And so I think that it is some parental discretion is, is well merited here, but It's, and I would say it's the, the parent, the decision to bring your kid. It's less about the language 'cause there's not a lot of it and that sort of thing. Not a lot, it's more just the, it's just the topic. Do you think you're, do you want to, is your child ready to be introduced to topics like that? So that's really, that's, that's, that's the decision there. This question's for Ben Shapiro and it's from our friend Laurel. Happy birthday Laurel.


I said it twice, although I think somebody just told me in a chat that it's not actually your birthday. Mm. Maybe your birthday was a day or two ago. And so I feel well scammed. Yeah, tricked. If you were a presidential nominee, Ben, who would you pick as your vp? Ooh, I I think that right now in American politics, is somebody competent. I mean, listen, the obvious answer is my favorite Governor In the whole wide world. Ron DeSantis would be a great VP because you know that he would take care of business inside the executive Branch. God forbid something happened to you. He would be an excellent president of the United States. But, but again, I think that a lot of the people that, that Trump considered would be very good VPs. And Tom Cotton from Arkansas is another person of whom I'm very fond.


I think that he's, you know, very hardcore obviously in terms of defending America's interests abroad. I think he'd make an excellent Secretary of Defense if Donald Trump decides to look that way. But yeah, again, I think that there are a lot of really good candidates. And as for j jd, I think JD Iss a brilliant guy and, and he's a good pick for Trump. I'm sitting right here. The question was, who would you pick for vp? I'm sitting right here. I teed up the question. Matt, your Chief of staff, we know this already, you're chief of staff and Michael Knowles is press secretary. 'cause that dude will say anything for money. Wait a second. Hold on. Wait. I, I guess that's a compliment. Isn't that I got a job In the admin. I'll take it. Matt, would you have shaved your beard if it would help disguise you more for the documentary? No, I would not have. We had this guy, this was a long conversation we had early on making the film, and we talked about what are easy ways that I can disguise myself.


And that of course was, was tossed out there. But I said that that's just a line. I won't, I won't cross because then I have to live, you know, if I didn't have to, the thing is I had to do the podcast at the same time. If I could just shave the beard and then do this, and then hide myself in shame till it grows back and then appear again on camera, then I would, but living as a beardless person Yeah. That in my day to day life, I can't imagine Yeah. What you guys go through, You know, not everyone's cut out for it. You know, not every, If you had, would you have used to Jeremy's razor? I mean, that's, that's, yes. It's not a true, the, the question's rhetorical, was Vance a mistake now that they're not running against a dead person? I don't think so. No. I I think Vance was a good pick. I I think Vance was a good pick because he is super, super sharp.


He's young, he's ambitious, he's capable, he's all, all those things that you want. And because Trump made a decision here that he wanted a, a pick for legacy. He wanted a pick for the future. He could have picked a guy who was gonna be a nice little foil for four years and then, you know, faded away into the bushes. But that's, that's not what he wanted. I'm glad that's not what he wanted. And, and JD, I think can create a vision of the Trump movement, such as it is into 20 28, 20 32, you know, and so that I think is great. I think it's also in, in an age where people are so sick of identity politics and wokes and whatever euphemism you wanna use, I actually think it's bold to pick just like a kind of normal looking dude from Ohio, who by the way, has bonafide In the mainstream culture because he had this bestselling memoir, hillbilly Elegy that was made into a movie.


Now the Libs hate him and disavow him, but you know, this is a guy who has real appeal, especially to the voters Trump needs to drive out, which is In the rust belt. Yeah, I agree. Here's the tough question And I, I kind of disagree. Well, let, let me throw this to you. Let me throw this question to you, Ben, because I think that it gets to the disagreement. As someone who believes In, the th In the free market, what is your justification for supporting someone as anti-free market as JD Vance? Okay, so that wasn't exactly where I was gonna go, but I'll answer that question as well as the last one. As far as the last one, and whether JD is a good pick in a competitive race, I think obviously there were other picks that Trump could have made that would've been more likely to reach out to the middle, more likely to create a feeling of solidity as opposed to sort of an aggressive attack dog as JD Vance is going to be for President Trump.


If you pick, pick Glenn Kin, I think frankly, that he'd probably would've won Virginia and would've given him a leg up in some of the other states. Trump was already running very strong, probably ahead of JD Vance in places like Ohio, Michigan Pennsylvania. Okay. As far as the actual free market question, I think it's yet to be decided just where JD is on the free market. If you read Hillbilly Elegy, that is one version of JD Vans. And if you listen to his speech from the RNT, that is a very different version of JD Vans. Hillbilly Elegy is essentially about how people who have been left behind have also engaged in a culture that keeps them down. It's a culture that has moved away from church, a culture that that no longer sees agency as the center point of of success in America, and instead blames the outside forces. That's the JD Vance that is very pro-free market and actually was very, you know, tied into the tech culture.


For example, he founded like an entire tech company after he wrote Hillbilly AGA's very tied in with, with the tech culture now in San Francisco, actually, despite, you know, all the, talk to the contrary, then there's the JD Vance who was speaking at the RNC who was talking about how essentially everybody had been left behind in these Rust Belt states, sort of Henry Olson argument that sounds very much like almost Sherrod Brown or like the union head who spoke a couple of nights beforehand. There was no mention of the free market, no mention of entrepreneurship. I think it sort of has to be left to the imagination exactly what JD Vance believes at this point. I'm not sure anybody really knows. He's done some interviews where he sounds a lot like Elizabeth Warren and then he is done some interviews where he sounds a lot more like Jeremy or me when it comes to the free market. My guess is the answer is something in between.


JD is certainly smart enough to understand the incredible power of the free market and entrepreneurship. I think he may be able to, he, he may be trying to sand off the hard edges. This would be the, the sort of optimistic view from my perspective as somebody who's very free market oriented, he may be trying to sand off the, the rough edges of, of the free market economy for particular constituencies located In, the Rust belt again, not something that I particularly love, but something I can understand With that said, if JD Vance is, is going so populous that he's sort of horseshoe theorying around all the way to Bernie Sanders, I think that everybody In the room would agree that's a problem. Yeah, I think that it, I do think that's, that's my concern obviously. I, I don't think he's gonna do that, but I do think the important thing for a long time, the big divide in this country is not right and left it's pro the founding and anti the founding.


I think he's pro the founding, I think he is anti woke, which I think is a huge deal. I mean, I think, I don't think people in media and people who are financially secure understand the power, the destructive power of woke. I think it is the thing that we should be, the battle we should be fighting. I think he's the right guy to fight it. I think he gets it. These the, but I I do confess that these are my concerns about him, that he's so anti-free market that he's a Bernie bro, but I just don't think I, I'm hoping he's not gonna go there.


No. So we're taking questions from our Daily Wire plus members. If you're not one, please head over to Daily Wire plus.com, Use promo code fight for the next 24 hours. We'll give you 47% off of your annual membership. For those of you who are members, we thank you. You're the reason that we're able to do these amazing things that we get to do at The Daily Wire, including make these documentaries like Matt's new film, Am I Racist coming to theaters on September 13th. A movie like this takes a lot of time and a huge investment of capital. It's a multi multimillion dollar affair to create something like this and to bring it to theaters and our Daily Wire plus members are really the backbone of the entire organization to make those sorts of things possible.


So here's another question from one of those members. Will using the 25th Amendment against Biden be a boost for Kamala as it makes her the first black and Indian and female president even without being able to say quote elected? Yeah, I think it's, it's, it would certainly be a big boost for her because I mean, it, it automatically makes her a historic figure because she is the first female president and that the emotional black male, I think is ramped up even more because then it's like, are you really gonna fire the first female president after five months? Which of course I would easily say yes, but I don't know if I'd keep her as long as I could pair 75 cents on the day. Right. Well that's True. She's cheaper. But With that said, I think it would, it would be a big boost for her politically, but I still think they should do it because even though I'm worried about the politics of it and how it would help them, I am also more worried about the fate of this country and actually having a president for six months who has announced himself to be mentally incompetent is just, it, it it it's way too dangerous to, to tolerate.


So I completely agree. She is more likely to win if she ascends the presidency say this week. And yet we, six months is a long time In the history of the world and this country cannot be without a president. It is an incredibly dangerous moment and we're blase about it because our, our every thought is fixed on this election. Well also because we don't think he's been president for the last year. That's The key. I I guess you it Is different, but it's, It's different when people know it. That's right. Different when they, it's different when our enemies know it. But The don't, don't you think maybe some people who only watch the establishment media, they thought that Biden was really functioning. But Vladimir Putin, you know, the, the FSBs still a pretty good intelligence service.


Xi Jinping, he's still got some pretty good spies and also they have eyes and ears and they don't just listen to NBC. They, they knew, you know, and, and so, and the, the, by the way, America In the world has been run horribly since Biden was elected and then this committee of whoever was running things. So it, it's not that it's all gone well, but I don't think it'll from now on go worse than it's been going. I guess some might say it couldn't go worse. Hmm. It can always go worse. Would JFK be disappointed In the Democratic party if he were alive today? This is such a hilarious question because I always say to people, I I am a JFK Democrat or as they call us now, a radical maga fascist, you know, white man that's basically he, JFK was a conservative.


I mean, he was a cut tax cutting strong defense, anti-communist guy who, you know, understood the civil rights movement had a point that was his, his big liberal thing And it had to have sex at least once a day or, well that was, He had Headaches was the one thing the women But doesn most attractive. And they also the me too stuff. He might not like that, But, but you know Sure. If you say compare the Democrats now to Democrats In the sixties, yeah. They were much more conservative. In the sixties. But if JFK were alive today, or let's say he were a younger man and he, no, he'd be a huge lib. 'cause all the Kennedys are big libs. Even RFK, who's not a doctrinaire or Democrat party lib, but he is a big lib to, he'd just be a big lib.


Like I, I Think. Okay, so you mean if you don't just transport. I was, I was just transporting him from His Yeah, I mean don don't know Grover Cleveland would probably be a Republican day too, but you know, at different time. Yeah. This is the problem with hypotheticals. Yeah. There's no such thing is sweet Daddy Walsh's look based on Ponzi from chu. Hmm. I feel dirty. I don't like all these Accusations of this, you know, Appropriation I Don think the inspiration goes the other way. I think it's fair to say that we've all been inspired by Matt. Will Matt's movie be in Canada? I hope not. Gee, can you imagine? They America's evil top hat. I think it's such a thing. Wait, Canada's on top of a marriage. I Oh Yeah.


It's, it's confus we haven't paid a lot of attention to. I've never geopolitics, I've, I've never known where the hell it was. Does anyone else think that there will be a tsunami of illegals voting In the 2024 election that will swamp all the Republican raises that matter, Not a tsunami. Yeah, I think it's a problem, but There'll be a bunch of 'em. But yeah, not a SI mean, the, the thing is that they really have registered illegal aliens to vote and there are all sorts of laws that facilitate this, like giving driver's licenses or ideas to illegal aliens. Then motor voter laws where you get automatic or encouraged registration. So they're doing it. I mean, there's no question that they're doing it. I just don don't know that it's really significant and I don't know that their get out the vote operation is targeted enough at illegals for that to, there, there are other ways for them to rig the election.


I think I am more cynical than you about this. You know, I, as early as 2009 put out or 2010 put out a movie on the topic of America's southern border. I think that it is unbelievable when you look at Texas going from being a red state to a almost purple state at this point. It's actually because of immigration that's happening. and it's not the immigration of Californians into California. It's, it's native born Texans. Yeah. Who are first generation children of mostly illegal immigrants. That's different. That's different. And that's a, that is a big problem. That's why they do it, by the way. Yeah. You know, Reagan had this line. He said, the Hispanics are Republicans, they just don't know it yet.


And that's true of certain groups like Cubans, which is why Obama shut down immigration from Cuba and killed white foot, dry foot. But, but generally speaking, no hi. Hispanic voters. Even though, even as they move largely, you know, in in great numbers to Republicans, they are overwhelmingly Democrats. The after the big 20 point shift, Biden was still leading 51. With, with, with the majority of Hispanic votes. And, and second generation, even down to the third generation, they still identify overwhelmingly with Democrats. Is there any legal argument Trump can use to litigate Kamala jumping into this so late In the process? No, no. I do wanna speak to this point though. I think there, there are some voices on the right.


Many of them are never Trump Voices guy, national Review guys from 2016 guys who I still like to read and, and I think in many ways I still agree with them on many things. I think they just let Trump rot a, a part of their brain and, and they're really defending what the Democrats just did. And they're saying things like until 1972 it was almost all brokered conventions and this is how it works. You know, the parties aren't subject to democratic processes. The parties get to pick whoever they want as their nominee by whatever process they want as their nominee. And that's good and that's how it should be. And my argument to rebut them is when we had brokered conventions, we had them before the legal filing deadlines, In the freaking states, the fact that the Democrats chose to stage their convention Yeah.


In late August after the filing deadline, meaning after the date at which it's no longer lawful to change on the ballot, who the candidate even is. Yeah. Speaks to the fact that it never in a million years did they believe that there could be a brokered convention. 'cause truly if they elected a candidate at a brokered convention, it would be illegal to put them on ballots in like one third of the states. The idea that the brokered convention is really still a thing. If remember back to, I believe it was 2016, but it could have been 2020 when, yeah, it was 2016. It was certainly 2016 when Bernie had won a considerable number of delegates.


Yeah. And they were concerned that if Hillary didn't win the nomination, In the first vote at their convention, she might not win it at all and Bernie might become the nominee. And what was Nancy Pelosi Pelosi's answer to that she was the president of the DNC that particular year and she came out and said, well, because We can no longer even have the idea of a brokered convention because we couldn't even get on the ballot. If we had brokered conventions, we're not going to count the votes at all. And instead we're going to do an an audible vote. And she said, and this, you can look this clip up. I swear I'm not making this up. She said, all those in favor of making Hillary Clinton the Democrat nominee for president of the United States, say, aye.


And you hear a resounding number of aye, it's a resounding number, but it ain't all of them. Yeah. Right. She says, all those in favor say aye. Aye. All those opposed say no. The ayes have it. It yeah. She banged her gavel. I remember. And you're telling me that they still believe In the idea of a brokered convention. It is nonsense. It is a way of justifying what is clearly cheating. Yeah. On the basis of the Democrats in this election by pointing to a distant past That doesn't even exist anymore. No. But until, and if it still existed, they would've had their convention in May or June like we always did back when you had brokered Con.


But until more than half a century ago, that's what they did. So, you know, come on man. That's exactly right. Also, Ima I mean, especially from the never Trump types, imagine a scenario where somehow Tim Scott become, it, it wins the vote to be the Republican nominee and then all the, the, you know, party elites get together and force Trump in instead. You know, is that, are these people gonna be defending that as any, or are they gonna be saying, this is another coup, right? Donald Trump is attacking Democracy and so on. Is Michelle Obama totally off the table at this point last week, under The table this late minute Last week. I still thought, despite all the reports, I thought there was still a good chance Biden would stick it out. I didn't, didn't occur to me they'd just shove him into Rehoboth Beach and take it away from him.


But, but I've been from the beginning, a lot of Republicans have said it could be Michelle, they're gonna, and I always thought that was a fantasy when Obama didn't endorse right away. I thought that, thought that was one ton. Me too. Oh, yikes. Mees maybe, but no, it, I I simply think it's, I I don't think she'd be a good candidate anyway, but I think at this point it's too late. I think that when they pushed Joe aside, they thought that they could possibly get Michelle in there 'cause Michelle would win 48 states. But I Disagree. I think that Joe Biden was sitting at his beach house being driven out of the party thinking to himself, which ones of these sons of bitches do I hate more? Kamala Harris, who has called me a racist and ridden my coattails into high office or Barack Obama who is forcing me out and stabbing me, In the back.


And he made a decision, which one of them he hates more. And he endorsed Kamala In the letter with which he resigned his candidacy. And because he did that, he basically cut off any idea. 'cause you'll remember In the 48 hours before Joe Biden resigned his candidacy, the, the DNC put out like a proposal for how to have an alternative kind of convention process where there'd be numerous candidates and you know, there'd be these Oprah Winfrey would host these round table discussions with them. But Joe says it's Kamala in his letter. I Did, I I I don't agree with you about the, you know, super nature of Michelle's candidacy, but I did have that moment when Obama did not ado endorse Kamala, where I thought he's running home going, please, please, the thing that I want the powers, Because Biden wrote Kamala's name.


Well, because Biden's aids wrote Kamala's name in that letter that they put his fake signature on and then took a picture of and released on X because of that. You will never have to find out how wrong you are about the Bill Obama. I did, the thing that bothered me the most about the potential Michelle candidacy is I, I don't care, you know, the race or whatever, maybe she could win what I just thought. I would then have to tell Jeremy that he was right on this thing that I dug my heels in. So that would kill, it would kill me. Like Joe, that would kill. Yeah. Yeah. This is a question from Matt Walsh, Matt, what events do you think occurred In the lives of these people who truly believe that white people are as racist without redemption? Is there a common denominator? I mean, what occurred in their lives was just intense indoctrination.


That that, and then they interpret things that are happening in their lives based on what they've been indoctrinated to believe already. So I mean, for example, in that race to dinner, as you'll see In, the film, there's a, there's a moment In the film in, in that In, the, at the dinner where all the women are invited to reveal moments in their lives when they were racist and they all, and they all have examples ready to go, and they go around the table and every example they give, it's like they were not being racist at all, just totally normal interactions that they had or whatever. But they've been conditioned to, to interpret all of those things, even their own actions Yes.


As racist. And even when they know that they don't actually have any hatred for non-white people, they know that in their own heart, but yet they still truly believe that somehow it's still racist because this idea of racism has of course lost all meaning. and it's just been, it's, it, it in their minds, it has actually, actually has nothing to do with what you consciously think about somebody else. That's Right. Sadly, the the person asking the question probably thinks that they're saying, why did these, what has happened to these black people? It makes them think white people hate them. But I think that the real answer is no, most of this is driven by white women. Yeah. Well, But it's it's the same, but it's the same answer there too, because for, for the non-white people who believe that we live in a systemically racist culture and so on, and if you ask them to give examples of when they've been victims of racism, they'll probably have many on hand.


And you hear this from the, from the activist types, and many of their examples are just totally normal interactions. I mean, we just talk about Michelle Obama, she, she was infamous for this sort of thing. I remember she gave a tearful story once about at an ice cream shop or something, and someone cut in line and, and she was first lady at this point, and she was resentful of having someone cut in line because she interpreted it as well, why else would you not see me other than a black person? Well, I was at Dunking Donuts three days ago and someone cut in line in front of me and, and, and, but you know, I don't have that framework for understanding it. So for me it was just, oh, this person's just being an asshole. But for someone like Michelle Obama, an activist type, they don't, that, that doesn't occur to them because everything is through this.


Do you remember the supermarket? There was this story someone asked her at the supermarket to reach up and get something off a shelf, and she was offended by this. And I thought, you know, sometimes people ask me for favors too That, that happens to me In, in grocery store. You know, the, the funny thing in this book, this wonderful book, morning After the Revolution by Nelly Bowles, she covers this and one of the things she says about it is it creates a system where you don't really have to do anything for anybody. You just have to transform your inner life, which is what white women basically are into This next question is for Drew. Drew, are we ever going to get a release date with a pin dragon cycle? No, Ben, what are the odds that we actually get, they changed the question on me.


What are the odds that we actually get to the bottom of the assassination attempt on President Trump? Man, I, I'm gonna say that the odds are like 40%. And, and the reason is because we are seeing so little at this point, they unlocked the guy's phone using apparently evil Israeli technology. And then once they unlocked the phone using the evil Jew technology, apparently, you know, they, they're still trying to discern what exactly was there because one of his phones is encrypted or we're hearing rumors about whether the explosives were preset, how they were built in his car. This is a very weird one. And remember, we're still years later, we still don't know supposedly why the largest mass shooting in American history took place, Las Vegas shooting. And so the, the, the, the high possibility that they actually do know and that we never find out, that actually is pretty high.


I will say that, again, I'm very anti conspiracy as a general rule, but the behavior of the CIA and the FBI during the last 15 years alone is enough to make almost to anybody a conspiracy theorist or at least believe that there's a lot of information that we are never going to find out about stuff like this.


Last question from our Daily Wire plus members, if you're not one, head over to Daily Wire plus right now, become a member Use promo code fight, get 47% off of your annual membership. And all of our members who are watching or wrote in with questions tonight, we sure do. Thank you.


This question is, how did Matt get his film into theaters? Is there a concern that they may prevent it from showing in theaters? Well, this question probably more for Jeremy because this, the great thing is I was on vacation when I found out that it was going to officially come out in theaters. So I was just relaxing and letting other people figure that out. I do think that one thing is that theaters that that they do wanna make money and so they see this as a film that people are gonna wanna see and so that's why they're releasing it, I think is probably the easiest answer to that. Yeah. You know, the making of this film was a little bit contentious. Matt had a very bold idea. He he did, he did something that was different than probably outside the comfort zone of everybody In the building, myself included.


When you do something really ambitious like this, not every part of it works exactly the way you think that it works. And so we had a lot of sort of creative disagreement as we brought the film to life. And as it turns out, all great art is born of conflict. Whenever you see somebody who gets to make exactly what they want to make, it's almost always garbage, right? Like, I mean there, there are exceptions, but there aren't many exceptions. And so creative, creative disagreement, creative conflict almost always improves the final, the final product. What Matt has made here in In. the final form, I think, as I said before, is something truly unique, something that we've never seen anyone on the right do.


And, and even on the left people struggle to do it well. Something that can be very powerful, that can make a, a true difference, In the way that people see this issue and this group of people who dominate this issue. So the idea of putting it in theaters was also kind of contentious because we started talking about putting it in theaters early In the process. And you're trying to decide if you're, if you're me, you're trying to decide it's a huge financial risk. To put it in theaters is a huge brand risk, right? If the very first original piece of content that we put in theaters has to be something that we feel like really represents, that puts our best foot forward. But as the film sort of continued as Justin Folk, our director, and Matt and the team, which includes, you know, Sean Hampton, Matt's producer, Brian Hoffman, one of our creatives here, who was one of the, the writers on Lady Ballers, several other people In the building, who put enormous effort into this as they continued to refine and continued to, to do the work and we were doing, we were, we were still creating scenes.


Like one of the, one of the best, I mean, I mean truly mind blowing scenes in this movie only came into existence In the weeks before we finalized the film because there was so much work to make this something important and something hilarious and something entertaining. And as, as that kind of came in focus, I think we all agreed we have to take our shot. We have to see if We can meet audiences and theaters. And the reason for that is theaters are one of the few places remaining where the left hasn't completely rigged the score keeping system. And it's important for us to be in places where, where they actually have to keep score, where they actually have to acknowledge our successes. Now the risk is if you don't succeed, that'll be on on display, right?


People will see that the film didn't perform at the level we had hoped it would, but if we do, that will also be reported. That will also be on display. And, and one of the things that the left has done to us more and more over the years is they hide all of the places where we win. They stop counting or stop publishing the results in all the places where we dominate and, and we have to go compete and you have to compete, you have to put points on the board. Also, we want to reach the broadest audience possible with this film. You saw the good that was done In the world by what is a Woman. The more people saw that film, the more change happened across the country on the issue, particularly of the trans of of minors, but I think sort of philosophically on the trans issue much more broadly as well.


So we, we wanted to be In the broadest release possible, and we worked with new partners outside the business and we worked internally with Dave Coleman, who's one of our, a a lifelong friend of mine and, and one of our great Daily Wire creative employees who is instrumental in helping us build Bent Key. And he went to work to figure out how to get this film into theaters. And as it turns out, there, there is an actual opening for great conservative art in theaters. And the reason is because the streaming platforms have made it v have so dramatically reduced the number of films that are considered for theatrical release. And so there's, there's an inventory of screens.


It doesn't mean that it's easy to get into theaters, certainly doesn't mean it's easy to succeed in theaters, but it does make me think that, that there, there is an opportunity in theaters that really hasn't existed for conservative filmmakers in, in our lifetime. I mean, you've seen a few exceptions to neh. Dea very famously has been able to make a run in, in theaters you, but right now you're really seeing more content be able to make its way. You've got people like Angel Studios, the Irwin Brothers, you've got our friend Mark Joseph's Reagan biopic, which is going to come out here In the next couple of weeks. You're seeing this move by conservatives to avail themselves of the theater because this openings been created by the streamers.


And, and how did we do it? We did it the same way. We've done everything In, the history of The, Daily, Wire. We've done it the same way that Trump could become the 47th president by doing the hard work, by doing the, the little things every day, putting one foot in front of the other daring. I mean, that's a big part. The movie Matt Dares in this movie. In a way you've never seen anyone dare in a film. We dare to make a film like this. We dare to make this kind of content. We dare to make our children's content, we dared to go pursue theaters and in this case we, we've succeeded to your question, is there a risk that the theaters won't carry it? We're past that point. The theaters have the, the three major chains have all agreed to carry the film and could they pull the rug out from under us?


I suppose that's possible. We have no reason to think that's going to happen. They've been good partners so far. They want audiences to come to theaters and I think that there's still a desire from Americans to go to theaters if, if Americans aren't going to theaters anymore, it's because the kind of content that's being offered to us just isn't the kind of content that gets us off of our couch and in our car.


I think Am, I Racist is going to, is going to be the exception. It's worth you going to see tickets go on sale in just over two weeks. You can get tickets right now at Daily Wire dot com for our live show at the Ryman coming up on August 14th. And you can still avail yourself of that promo code fight to become a member today with 47% off. There are so many big things that we're doing, we're doing them with your help and, and we hope that we're good representatives of you as we do it. I know you're going to love Am I Racist and that's it. We'll see you guys on August 14th when we come to you live from the Ryman Auditorium. Goodnight.


Hey Parents, Greenlight is here to take one big thing off your to-do list teaching your kids about money with a Greenlight debit card and money app of their own kids and teens. Learn to earn, save and invest. You can send money instantly. Set flexible controls and get real time notifications of your kids' money activity, set up chores and put allowance on autopilot to reward them for their hard work. Then learn about the world of money together. Get one month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/podcast.