
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things, Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call, visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank Branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hey folks, Ben Shapiro here. Don't miss our latest episode of Daily Wire Backstage. Join me, Andrew Klavan, Michael Knowles and Jeremy boring as we cover the top stories in politics and pop culture with enough laughs and insights to get you through these insane news cycles. Take a listen.


Well, that was 90 minutes. We'll never get back. Truly a, a difficult night, I think for President Trump. Kamala Harris accomplished, I believe what she needed to accomplish, which was just essentially having a pulse, right, showing that she is at least capable of giving an answer, even if it wasn't ever a particularly competent one or to any question that was actually asked of her. Whereas, you know, we needed to see Donald Trump take on. It was obviously horribly moderated, perhaps the worst moderated debate in history. But we needed to see that 2016 magic when Anderson Cooper tried to pull that same sort of stunt on Donald Trump in one of his debates with Hillary Clinton. And, and Trump took on all comers here.


He was fact checked maybe on 50% of the questions that he was asked. He never once, even when they lied even, and they lied explicitly, openly lied. He never once challenged them on, on the whole, I think a, a pretty difficult night. So here's my take on this particular debate. We're gonna talk about a lot today. We'll talk about it a lot tomorrow and a week from now. It's not gonna matter at all. And the reason it's not gonna matter at all is because nothing fundamentally changed here. The people of America still don't know Kamala Harris. Donald Trump has not done his job in making sure that the people of America actually know anything about her positions. 30% of Americans say they don't know anything about her positions, and they still don't know anything about her positions because the moderators never pressed her on any of her positions. And Donald Trump didn't either. On Donald Trump's side of the aisle, Donald Trump did not perform tonight.


He didn't do an amazing job calling her on her bs. The best thing he said all night was his closing statement, which is what he should have opened with. He closed with. Why didn't you do it? That should have been the very first thing he said in the debate. And the fact that that wasn't what he said right off the top was a mistake. He was also incredibly distractible. Tonight, he took debate on nearly every question. Every time she said something that you knew was gonna get his goat, he just let it happen. So for example, when she gave him the bait on his crowd sizes on, and people are leaving your crowds, they're leaving your rallies. He couldn't resist going after her about the crowd size. What about January 6th? About the election of 2020? These are all distractions. The only thing that mattered tonight for Donald Trump was defining her and he did not define her, which means that I still check the calendar was all the couple months till the election.


She's going to have to be defined. The big takeaway from this is not gonna be about Trump, who still remains Trump, and it's really not gonna be about Harris who performed the best, I think is possible for Kamala Harris to perform, which is to say she was fairly obnoxious. She lied a lot. She said a lot of things that were untrue. She, she was never called on any of that. The big takeaway is going to be the continued destruction of the legacy media on behalf of the Democratic Party. The legacy media have decided full scale. They're now apparat of the Democratic Party. They're so far up Kamala Harris's ass that they're doing active colonoscopies with their eyeballs. It's unbelievable watching David Muir ask questions to Donald Trump, like, why are you so bad in orange and mean? And then turning to Kamala Harris and saying, and why is he so bad and orange and mean?


It's absolutely in and totally insane. The media tonight were beyond the worst expectations that I had for 'em. I thought that they were gonna do like a baseline creditable job because CNN did Jake Tapper and Ash, they actually did that in the last debate. They actually asked questions and let people answer them. David Muir became an active participant in this debate. Lindsay Davis became an active participant in the debate. And then they never once fact-check Kamala Harris, who lied over and over and over. She lied. She said, for example, that Donald Trump was a backer project 20 12 25 a lie. She said that Donald Trump said there were very fine people on both sides of the Charlottesville riots, including the neo-Nazis. That is a lie. It's been debunked repeatedly. They did not say that that was a lie. She said that he had said that he was going to unleash a bloodbath on the country if he lost.


That's a full scale lie. They never fact check a single thing that she did the entire night. And actually, that helps Trump, and it helps Trump for a very simple reason. If you are a Trump fan, and if you think that Trump didn't actually perform unbelievably well tonight, which I think is true, I don't think he did an amazing job tonight. The easy out is yeah, because the media we're targeting him. And if you're a moderate watching this, I think that it had to be apparent even to moderates, even to independents. The media want Kamala Harris elected. They're doing their best to make sure that Kamala Harris is elected. So tomorrow we'll revert right back to where we were before this debate. We'll revert right back to Kamala Harris is vibes and she is joy, and she is policy vagary. And she'll never answer another question. She's gonna try and get all the way from here to the election without ever answering another question.


There will be no more debates. She's gonna declare that she won. The media will declare that she won and that Trump lost. Trump really has no interest in doing another debate because I, I frankly don't think that it's in his interest to do another debate at this point. So that was the last presidential debate of this election cycle. The bottom line is that when all is said and done, it seems like a lot of this is baked into the cake. And in the moment it's uncomfortable because it was such an opportunity. You know, if you are, if you're like mean and you're sitting there, you're like leaping out of your seat, why won't he just say it? Why won't he just say it? It's very frustrating. She will say something about how race shouldn't divide us. And you're sitting there going what? The actual living like you are a case in point of a person who divides based on race. It's what you do for a living. It's how you became vice president of the United States.


She will say things about Afghanistan. They'll ask her about whether she has any regrets and she'll say no. And instead of him coming back and saying, don't you regret the 13th outta American soldiers whose families you ignored, yet you're just waiting for him to take the opening. But the problem was that he had been set off earlier in the debate. He was incredibly distractible. He was following every squirrel down every particular rabbit hole. Again, the best moment I thought of the debate for Donald Trump was that closing statement where he finally laid out the big question. If you say you have all these big plans, why don't you do any of those things? But in the final analysis, I can be pissed at the media. I can feel discomfort with how the debate went tonight. This is still a tight race. It's not gonna become a not tight race because of this particular debate. Which means that tomorrow Donald Trump better get up and he better decide that he's going to do for the rest of the campaign.


The thing he didn't do tonight, define her, define her positions. It can't just let, JD Vance, by the way, is doing an excellent job of this. JD is doing a great job of this. Trump needs to do it. He needs to actually do it. If he does that, he can still win the race and he still has the upper hand. But this debate was a, I I'll say it was a blown opportunity at the, at the very least. I, I think that that part of it is, I, I seriously agree with you. I think the two things that Trump did accomplish was he got ganged up on, which obviously he didn't do. But I think that was really important. I think the you, we do not see, we do not see how far the media has fallen in the eyes of the American public. The fact that after that DNC, that ecstatic, loving that love fest of the DNC Kamala Harris didn't get a bump, is telling us something about what the American public is thinking about the media.


They are watching the media. They get it. They've seen it. All the stuff we all have been talking about all these years. I think that the people whose minds are open now can see it. So that was good for Trump. I agree that Trump could have ended her. She was so, she was better, way better prepared than she's ever been, but only as well prepared as I thought she was gonna be. I thought she did a, did the job that she had to do and he could have ended her. And that's disappointing. But he didn't attack her personally. And he did say, I don't agree that, look, I, when he goes off the line and he chases the squirrel and he does it, when his ego gets involved, it's always really frustrating. 'cause you want him to stick to his, his script. But he didn't do it throughout the debate. I, and for the first 30 minutes I say, which is the most important part of any debate, he actually stayed on track and said the things that he had to say, they were not as powerful as they would've been had you been saying them.


They weren't as powerful as they would've been if somebody with somebody who could keep from rambling as much as he does, he was his usual self, but a little better. That's what I would say about Donald Trump. And that's frustrating. 'cause it would've been great if he had actually done what we wanted him to do. I think you're right that this is not going to change the, the debate because of the bad behavior of A, B, C and because the people see this. But, you know, I, I wish he'd ended her too. But at the same time, I think that if I had to say over the time, time what we've got left, what the impression is going to be, it's that the media can't be trusted and she is running a media campaign, a completely con constructed campaign.


I, I don't think that's gonna get us where we need to go, but I think it's gonna be exactly as you say, we're gonna stay on track where we are now. I think Trump's leading, I think he's leading more than the polls say, remember, their polls are better than our polls, the ones that we see. And I think he's leading more than they say. And I think he's got a serious chance. This certainly did not destroy that in any, I I Sorry, go ahead Matt. I'll just say that I think the, the good thing for Trump is that there was not a meltdown moment. Yeah. There wasn't one thing that'll get clipped. I mean, a lot of things will get clipped, but, but he didn't, it was a poor performance. But there was not one iconic, like meltdown moment for, for him. Kamala. I, I agree with what's been said so far. I think she did as well as we could possibly expect her to do.


She also didn't have a great moment. I mean, the media will try to manufacture a moment out of it. She didn't have one, but, well, really, she had one. The moment of the debate, if there was one, I think was, was when she baited him on the rallies and when she said that they leave the rallies early 'cause they're bored, obviously they planned to say that for only one reason, not because that part is compelling to the, the, the voters. We don't care about that. If Trump's rallies are boring or not, we don't care. But she, she knew that, that Trump just cannot stand that, that you're getting him right where it hurts the most. The idea that his rallies are boring is just you, you, you are stabbing him right in the gut with that.


And I think he responded to that by rambling and getting very defensive. And from my read of it, I think he never quite recovered from that. He got, he was more visibly angry throughout the whole rest of the debate. His tone was, was angrier. He was a little bit off, off kilter. I don't think he ever got quite back to it, but it was kind of spread out throughout the debate. So it doesn't, so I think that because there's not the one moment that will just be repeated. It wasn't like with Biden when there was the couple of moments of him not being able to speak drooling, that did happen. It means that probably two, three days from now, nobody's talking about this debate. And you could say that even though Trump performed relatively poorly, if no one's talking about it three days from now, then it's kind of a tie effectively.


Yeah. And does a tie go to the, to Trump on this one? If he's sort of in the lead that was, Thank God she didn't attack his golf course. Yeah, of course. Right. That'd be the rest of the night. I, that was the moment when it shifted. So I would say Trump, Trump won pretty decisively the first 20, maybe 25 minutes. She was visibly nervous. Her voice was shaking. She physically, she might have been shaking. She was repeating rote answers that had nothing to do with the question and were obnoxiously irrelevant to the question. So he was winning. She shook him up. That was when I felt it was gracious of the moderators to allow her to try to debate for the first 20 minutes. And then they decided, no, we're gonna step in. And it was more egregious than K Crowley in 2012.


It was the most egregious I've ever seen a complete disgrace to for David Muir and that other lady, Lindsay Davis. Yeah, Lindsay Davis. What, What a clown show A complete disgrace. He, he won the closing statement. He, that was a very strong closing statement. Hers was, was fine, but it was, Are you okay? Are you okay, By the way? I have a question. Do you want that from your government? Do you want your government coming and be like, are you okay? How about like, not when you're talking to me. I'm not No. Go Away. The biggest takeaway for me, and it somehow, it had not occurred to me until that moment when she shook him up on the crowd sizes. Kamala Harris's superpower is that she's quite good at manipulating men. And I don't mean that as a cheap shot or a provocation. She started her political career by manipulating a married man, Willie Brown in San Francisco.


Much has been said about that. That's how she got her start. She became vice president. She couldn't win one delegate. Yeah. In, in the 2020 primary. But she became president because she baited Joe Biden on that debate stage. She called him a racist. She accused him of being the reason she wouldn't be allowed to be bused to school. And she put him in a position where he had to pick a black woman for vp and she was the only one that he could have picked. And then she, she laid out that trap for Trump with, with the question about crowd sizes. She is not great at retail, she's not good at speaking to people. She doesn't know a damn thing about policy. She doesn't have a platform. But she's pretty good at manipulating individual men. And especially when she was backed up with the full weight of a b, c news, it, it allowed her to make up for her deficiencies and land basically at a draw.


We're We're so good, so easy to manipulate. That's Right. I think that it would be true that a tie, I I think it is true that a tie goes to the person who's ahead. I'm not sure that I agree that Donald Trump is ahead. I don't think that the polls have yet reflected that Donald Trump is ahead, although certainly her momentum has abated and he has the opportunity, but he isn't taking the opportunity. And I think the thing I disagree with you the most about Drew is this idea that everyone sees through the media. You know, I think Gallup released a poll two weeks ago that said Democrat trust in the media is actually precipitously rising. Right there, there, they're, they're I'm talking About the people who are gonna decide the election. Yeah. Well, I don't, the people who are gonna decide the election are not Republicans.


No. They're independents. Yes. Yeah. And, and the question is also gonna be how many Democrats show up? So I think the big advantage that Trump had against Biden is that Democrats weren't showing up to the polls. Right? They were so depressed that they weren't gonna show up. They're not gonna have a turnout problem. I I think that, that after, after the performance that she gave tonight, Democrats are in a good mood. You can see they're in a good mood. They're gonna be in a good mood. You're gonna get a lot more vibes. It's gonna be vibes up to wazoo over the next couple of weeks. And, and this is where I'm, you know, at a certain point it becomes almost criminal politically to miss as many opportunities as President Trump is currently missing. Yes. It is his job not to miss the opportunities. And listen, we got two months to go. Maybe he starts hitting the opportunities. That's the thing you want. But since he, since Biden was swapped out for the, the brand new coat of pains on the broken up, jalopy masquerading as Lamborghini since that happened, he has not found his footing in terms of actually doing his job, which is to define her in the mind of the American public.


And he had every opportunity to do that tonight. And he didn't take any of them. He, at the very beginning, the very first question right out the gate, right out the gate for her was, are you better off economically than you were four years ago now That's right. His answer should, he should not even listen to her answer. He should not even listen. He should, as soon as they come back to him, as soon as he realizes what she's doing, which is she's now gonna avoid the question, which she did just start wandering all over the landscape in search of an idea for the next two minutes. As soon as they came back to me, should have said, you know what? I noticed, I noticed you didn't answer that very simple question because it has a very simple answer. Of course, you're not better off than you were four years ago. Yeah, you've done a terrible job, Joe Biden has done a terrible job. You're the current vice president of the United States, and then you should have dumped in what he said at the, at the end. You have all these big plans to change the country.


Where are you? Why don't you go do them right now? I noticed you've done none of them, right? I mean, like in the first five minutes this debate could have been over. And that's the part that really g that spread sticks in my craw.


I have to interrupt you here because I owe our sponsors to tell people about owing things. More than three quarters of Americans have some kind of debt. Things like credit cards, personal loans, medical bills. It's a terrible feeling. But you know what? Being in debt doesn't make you a bad person. You are already a bad person, but now you're in debt up to your wazoo. It's easy to get into debt, but sometimes it feels impossible to get out. Well, I'm here to tell you that it is possible and that PDS debt is here to help. Everyone's story is different. So PDS debt is going to look at your financial situation and tailor a plan that's going to work for you. Their free debt analysis will get you started with zero hassle. The most important thing about paying off debt is finding the way that works for you. You know, I know how it feels to owe someone. A lot of people don't know this, but when I first started here at Daily Wire, Jeremy told me I owed him my soul. Luckily, I was able to negotiate. So I paid off in little bits of my soul over the years. And of course, my firstborn son, if you want your debt negotiated, check out PDS debt today to reduce and manage your debt. Everyone with $10,000 or more in eligible debt qualifies and there's no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit accepted. Anyone with credit cards, loans, collections, or medical bills can stop waiting and start saving. Get a free debt analysis right now at PDS Debt dot com slash backstage. It only takes thirty seconds. That's p ds EB t.com/backstage. PDS Debt dot com slash backstage.


You know, Donald Trump missed a lot of opportunities. He's been missing the opportunity to define Kamala Harris since she became her party's nominee. He missed a lot of opportunities tonight, I think as, as you've described to, to clocker. But the biggest missed opportunity of the night had nothing to do with Kamala Harris. He missed the opportunity to run against the media. They fact checked him and fact checked him, and fact checked him. They fact checked him when he was right. They f they didn't fact check her, which she would outright lie. And she wasn't FactCheck. I believe she has not fact checked a single time during the debate. And you can say, well, people see that, but only people who are really plugged in really paying attention, watching the debate all the way through.


See those things you have to tell people, you know, the biggest lie told, I I think of the history of Hollywood was told by the dearly departed James Earl Jones, if you build it, they will come. He, he didn't actually say it, The Script writer. It was the script. That's a lie. You have to tell people about it before they will come. And Donald Trump needed to, every single time that he was interrupted or fact-check or corrected or essentially debated by the moderators, he needed to point that fact out. Because you need those sound bites. You need to empower your team to be able to make the montage to show again and again and again, what's happening. I think that's the biggest missed opportunity of the night.


It's, it's not the opportunity to frame Kamala, although that is a missed, it's the opportunity to frame who, who his actual opponent is, you know, which is No, this is, this is absolutely true. And one of the things about Trump that's different is he's being a little bit more restrained that has his good side. But the bad side is the, the press is his enemy. And the enemy, the people That's right. Somebody, obviously, he should be Saying it. Somebody obviously told him within the campaign. Yes. Don't hit the press because it's his mo to hit the press. I I don't wanna gloss over though the, the lie that they told that they, they didn't fact check all sorts of lies from Kamala. That's right. But, but when Trump pointed out that there are prominent Democrats, and there are states in this country where babies are killed after birth. And Lindsey Davis came out and said, that is not true.


There is no state where this is happening. Not only is that a lie, but Kamala Harris' own running mate, Tim Walls repealed protections for babies who survive abortions in the state of Minnesota. What, by the way, survives abortion in this instance means are born, are Born, right? So they try to kill the baby. The baby is born. There are legal protections in some states that say if the baby's born, you have to provide medical care as you would to any other human being. And Tim Walls, within the last two years repealed the, the, those legal protections that is Kamala's own running mate. It is the most egregious light. It blows k Crowley 2012 Out. But you know how they, you know how they get around that though, because what, in that case, what they do is they put the baby to the side and leave the baby to just die.


They don't directly kill the baby. And so that's, that's like the game they're playing. Well, if you just leave a child to die, you're not killing, which, which Trump, you know, I mean, it would be a great thing to point out. I will say that on the abortion question. That was Trump I thought had one really great moment, and it was actually one of the best moments I've ever seen from a Republican presidential candidate. I agree. Because I've never seen a Republican. I've been screaming forever. I want some Republican in a debate to do this. It's never happened once that I can remember. And Trump did it. He turned to her and said, okay, we've talked about the extreme cases. Would you support abortion in se at seven months? Totally agree. Thought it was a great, great moment. No, and she didn't, she didn't answer it. And she kind of, and she pivoted back to him. So he, he should have stayed there for longer.


But that was a brilliant moment and that's exactly what Republicans should be doing on This. I, I think in, in our disappointment that he didn't just steamroll or as she well deserved, I think we did miss a, a bunch of moments like that. That was the best. That was definitely the best. I've always, me too, I've always waited for somebody to say, oh, what's the date when you're ready to stop? But he did a lot of, a lot of good things on immigration. He did a lot of good things on the economy. You know, he wasn't, he wasn't bad. It was just that you, you sit here and you can see from the outside that a guy with real debate skills, which he has never had, could have just swept her away. I think. So you're disappointed, but you also, in being disappointed, you miss some of the good things you really Did do in sort of weird way. There's, you know, what you feel right after you watch the debate and then there's what you feel in the 24 hours after the debate.


Yeah. Yes. 'cause it's almost two separate processes now. Yes. The internet has changed the way that people watch debates. So I'll be curious to see who watched this thing, you know, soup to nuts the way that we just did. When you, when you watch the whole thing, the reason that those things disappear is because he will get in the punch. But it's in the middle of a long rambling thing That's right. About a bunch of other things. Right. The the thing you said is he, he actually said it clearly and concisely, that's I think one of the most clear, concise moments. He had the entire debate, but other, he, he would throw a punch and for a moment he'd be like, that's a good punch. But it was in the middle of kind of mush. And so, because it's very hard to listen to Charlie Brown's teacher, you know, at you that like, when he finally throws the punch, sometimes it gets lost in translation. However, this is what the internet is made for.


So half the stuff that he says that sort of memeable will be MeMed within an hour. Yeah. And so when we look at the internet two hours from now, there's gonna be a bunch of moments where you're like, oh, I, I forgot that Donald Trump said that, that I didn't really, really remember him saying that. Because, because again, it all gets kinda lost in, in the middle of this. Also, again, I think the internet is gonna do a very good job of dissecting exactly what the moderators did last night. I think that there's gonna be a montage, and if there isn't, then I'm calling on all our fans to make one right now, and I'll play it on the show tomorrow. A montage of every fact check. Yeah. Right. I mean, it was minutes of time that they were fact checking Trump. I want a montage of every time they interrupted him, he'd be giving an answer and they would say, we're out. I wanna move on. David Muir would say, I wanna move on. I want, he was in the middle of giving an answer about Afghanistan. Many other things, hammering Kamala Harris and David Muir would jump in and say, I wanna move on.


I have, so I have so many questions. Who gives a shit? Why you are you running for president? Why are you, why are you an important person? What makes you an important human? Did they fact Check her once? No, no, zero times. But the most egregious thing on this was in one paragraph she did the very fine people hoax. She did the, she did blood. The, the blood blood bath hoax Is The most ridiculous. She did the, she and she did the stand back and stand by. You're in favor of the proud boys hoax, which all three of those are nonsense. They didn't fact check that at all. And then when they did fact check him, they lied. Yeah. So they said, well, you know, the crime rates, she, Kamala Harris says the crime rates have gone down. And then David Muir repeats like a zombie. Yes. The crime rates have gone down and Trump says the crime rates haven't gone down. The FBI has not reported all the crime rates. Which is true.


Yeah, yeah. He is actually correct about this. But because again, all the, when all the fact checks are directed at one side. That's right. The media are clearly attempting to drive a narrative. And the narrative is her narrative. Yeah. 'cause her narrative at the beginning was he's gonna tell you so many lies and they were going to be complicit in all of that. Now again, he's gonna have to go out in the campaign trail. He's gonna have to prove it. Yeah. He's got his talking points. But you're making, it's two months left. But you're making Like a huge point though. That is, it really is important part of this thing I was talking about before, the debate about the, the way the impression sinks in over time, and it doesn't take that much time. It doesn't, it's not gonna take 50 days, but it has to do with the internet now, which it didn't before. Before it was kind of, you stick in your head, you think about it Now there's going to be a constant drumbeat of these memes coming out.


And I think a lot of them are gonna be in Trump's favor. And I think that it's gonna, it's gonna spread. People are watch the news a different way that we haven't quite caught Up with it. Can we say one thing about David Muir, by the way? It's not just what he did, but it's, it's the attitude with which he did it. Yes. Sneering, condescension ashamed of himself to have to be in a room with Donald Trump, proud of himself to show everyone that he was willing to stand up constantly to Donald Trump. I mean, they're, they're, I'm not the most effusive in my Trump praise, I think person at The Daily Wire, they're disdain for him. They're scorn for him. They can't even hide it.


It's not that they can't hide it, they don't even want to try to hide it. They want you to see it. Yeah, yeah. So that you know that they are good people so that you know that they're, And this is the thing that Trump is most right about. It's not disdain for him. It's disdain for us. And he's in the way and he's at, it's the people who voted for him that they hate and they've hated them for 50, 60 years. Yeah. And I ironically, I think the media, it, it might end up that the media bailed him out. Because if the story of the debate ultimately is that it was three against one, and this was the most unfair debate we've ever seen, which it was, then that's automatically a win for Trump. If that becomes a story. It's up to like, it's to your point, it's up to Republicans to make that the story, which shouldn't be too hard to do. Well, The, the thing that, the thing that's very difficult, I think about this moment is that because there are no more inflection points, the debates were held so early this year.


Right. You had the debate that knocked Biden out. That was in June. That never happened. You had a debate in June. That's crazy. And then this debate, normally it would be debate number one, right? You'd now have two more that were coming, which would give the incumbent ti trump's not even the incumbent, but the freedom, the incumbent. It would give him time to actually recover. This is gonna be the only debate, which means we've now run out of inflection points in this election cycle. Right. There are no organized inflection points. Oh, You sweet some. Yeah. I, no, what I mean by that is the words, right? Notice, notice how I changed planned inflection, inflection points. Yeah. There will be exogenous events that occur between now and November and nobody knows what they are that's leaving the election to the winds of chance. Yeah. And that's why it felt like, I think a little bit of a gut punch to, to a lot of us who want Trump to win, or Trump donors who organized fundraisers for him, you know, it, it feels like a gut punch because it's like when the opportunities in front of you, if you would just seize it, it's just right there.


It's right there. Just do the thing.


So speaking of opportunities, we have a great discount right now over at Daily Wire dot com for new subscribers. If you use promo code fight, you will get 47% off of your Daily Wire plus membership that gives you access to all of our content, our, our movies, documentaries, specials from judged through the United divided states of Biden. Ben's wonderful documentary series from earlier this year back when there was a guy running for president named Joe Biden. You get members only content and I think most importantly, you help us do the important work that we're doing. I believe it's important, nothing perhaps more important than our coverage tonight. Having our Daily Wire team at the debate so that they're able to bring real-time information to us. We'll be hearing from Cabot Phillips in only a few moments and other things like bringing Matt's new documentary, am I racist to theaters, as we will be nationwide in over 1500 screens on Friday. So please, if you're not a member, head over to Daily Wire dot com, use that promo code fight to get your 47% discount. And if you are a member, head over and ask us questions because we wanna hear from our members throughout the broadcast beginning right now with this first question for the entire group. What are your thoughts on Trump's I'm speaking moment? I thought it was cute. It was funny. It was good. I'll buy you a mag hat was good. I thought I'll Buy a mag hat was terrific. Yeah.


Obviously the I'm speaking moment was planned in advance because, you know, that is Kamala's trick, if you remember from her vice president debate against Mike Pence. She constantly used that line to sort of show that he was beating up on a woman, I think was sort of her. And he just took that right away from her, which I thought was a Pretty, he, he also, he, he can't help but put the button on the joke. Yeah. I Thought I'm speaking. Get it. Get it. Yeah. Sounds familiar. It would've, it would've been obviously a lot more telling if the mics had been on. Yeah. Right. But part of the problem is that the mics are muted, so when she's talking, you can't hear what she's saying back to him. I actually think the mic's being muted really helped her tonight because she kept trying to slip in things. You could actually hear it off mic. Yes. Her saying things like over and over and over, SRK ugly. Yeah. And by the way, the split screen for her, I don't think was particularly flattering.


I mean, she's making a lot of faces tonight. The one thing that she's studiously avoid, I'll give her credit for this. The crazy laugh is gone. Yeah. Have you seen the crazy laugh on the campaign trail? Yeah. That was like the most indicative tick of every time she was lying for her entire vice presidency. Yeah. And this is a woman who takes stage direction really well. I mean, they, they, they told her, do not laugh ever again for the rest of your life. And, And you'll be president And you'll be president and she's doing it. I will give that to her. It, It did remind me a little bit, her mugging on the split screen reminded me a little bit of Al Gore. Remember when Yeah. Al Gore did that? George Bush it kind. Yeah. It kind of, it did, it did. Was distracting and ugly. It was un unattractive and unappealing as a, an emotional thing. You know, just watching that, I don't know how much I would, I do wonder if they, you know, I'm, you process these things sort of as, as you think about them, I do wonder how it appeared to people who, you know, may not be in our financial position.


But I mean by that is if you're a blue collar worker in the Rust Belt and you're watching Kamala Harris speaking about the vibes and about Donald Trump and January 6th and all this kind of stuff, and at no point does she ever acknowledge anywhere in the debate if there's any problem for anyone in America. She Laughed at inflation. She did put her less smile On. I do wonder if that is a, a point that needs to be drawn out by the Trump campaign, which is you at no point assumed ag I mean, you say, come to us if you're not. Okay. There are a lot of people in the country who are not. Okay. And if I were gonna cut an ad based on that debate, I would say Kamala Harris use that clip of her saying, what I'm asking is, are you okay? And then say, America's not okay. No, no, no. America is not okay and it's not okay because of


you. But here's the thing. If you do want to be okay, then you need to be healthier. You know, let me talk about something else I'm passionate about, aside from political debate. And that of course is fitness. I've been regularly exercising for years now, as you can see from this chiseled God-like physique. It's become a major part of my daily routine. We should see the shockingly defined biceps. And you will if you become a Daily Wire subscriber. By recently though, I started to hit a wall in terms of the progress that I was seeing. I do work out a lot, but I realized there was a missing piece. The fact is, I eat like an idiot. You can see me doing it literally on the set. Right now. I'm having like jelly beans and, and popcorn all night long as I nerve eat. And all of the rest of this, you can exercise All you want, but if you eat like crap, if you don't have the information to eat right, you're making it way harder on yourself. So let me show you this, this device right here. This is called a lumen. Okay? Now what's cool about this thing right here, this lumen, is that it's going to help you achieve your health and fitness goals. It's actually really cool. You breathe into it, it analyzes your metabolism. It lets you know if you're burning more fats or more carbs at any given time, you can do it in the morning before or after workouts, whatever works for you. And then it designs a nutrition program for you. I use the lumen right before the show, it told me I'm at a level three, which means I'm equally burning fats and carbs. So for today, it recommends a lower carb meal plan because I haven't been able to exercise So naturally I immediately started, you know, defying it. But I I won't do that tomorrow. It even gave me a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Based on those measurements. Michael on the other hand, might use Lumen to discover that 97% of the calories he burns come from cured Italian meats. It's important information to have. Yep. Yeah. Lumen is gonna help you reach your fitness goals. It makes weight management a lot easier. It can help you improve your sleep and your energy levels. If you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen me slash backstage. Get 15% off your lumen. That is LUM me n.me/backstage for 15% off your purchase.


Can I say on, on a completely nonpolitical topic, you're in really good shape and nobody knows it. I know, Right? It is one Of the real, it it is truly one of the s it's truly one of the downsides of your religiou religion. This is getting kind, I'm sorry, this is, listen, it's only a little gay. There are, there are other downsides of your religious beliefs, which we should talk about off air. But the ever The ever the ever present flaming that Listen in any case. Yeah. But, But the fact that you've people are modest really works against you because you actually do work out as much as anybody I know. Yeah. No, I clock in it at a hefty 11% body fat, Which I don't, not bad means.


I don't know if that good or bad. It means basically I'm an Olympian. That's what I'm telling you right now. I, I'm somewhat curious to learn more. We haven't even mentioned the fact that I can still walk. I don't know. You're, you are also incredibly physically fit. Well, I work out a lot. You work out a lot and you walk uphill straight uphill. Yeah. Which is, we've been talking About doing a pushup contest for years now. So it's gotta happen one of these days. I mean, the other day we did the pull up thing, right? We did do a pull up contest. Pullups are hard, man. That's, we talk about how sexy I am. Why are we just talking about him? We did do a pull up contest. Right. I will tell you that Ben works out all the time. Drew works out all the time. And I used to work out with Michael Cole. True. We did K McGaw for about a year. And you're crumbling in serious. I have taken a punch from Michael Knowles.


Yep. Have you really? And somehow you Survived. Who won the, why was I not invited to the pull-up contest? First Of all? Oh, I mean, what's your, what's your top not what's your top number? What was Yours? I'll tell you, we actually have a pull up bar right off of the set. It would've been up by Paul. Would've way better than the debate. Yes. Well, Yeah. Anyway, I'm just saying I appreciate that. I'm, I'm like an old fat guy, but if I worked out as much as you, I would look into religions that involve less modesty. That's it. That's all I'm saying. Well, here's another question from our Daily Wire dot com subscribers. People who have availed themselves perhaps of the 47% off discount using promo good fight at Daily Wire dot com. Do you think this is all baked into the cake at this point?


Or, or is it all just theater? Hmm. I I think that it's like, I'll say 80% baked into the cake in 20 and, and maybe 20% not baked into the cake. Yeah. At this point is that a hundred percent the margins are not moving all that much. It's not as though Donald Trump dropped down to 40% or 35% because we were unhappy with his performance. Or that Kamala Harris ramped up to like 53% in the polls. What what may have happened is that Kamala Harris nationally went from like 46 to 48 and Donald Trump went from like 46 to 45. Right. Like that. It's also a turnout game this late in the race. People are already starting to vote. And so a lot, a lot of what's happening now is also just about motivation. Like the fact that we don't feel great today. And we may, to your point, we may feel better about all of this tomorrow, but you need to leave tonight with a good feeling.


You, you need your base, not just your base, but you need all of your potential voters to actually do something about it and vote. Right. I mean, I I think that this is one of the, one of the problems that Trump has had, and this is true basically since 2016. In 2016, Republicans felt like this is a magical opportunity not only to get Trump elected, but also to absolutely crush Hillary Clinton's dreams. Right? I mean, that, that's really so, so much of 2016 was Yeah. Yeah. We hate Hillary Clinton. She's been around for 20 plus years. She's the worst person in American politics. I will walk over broken glass to vote against that human being. And because Kamala Harris is kind of undefined, i I I think that there's a little bit less of that and it's more like, how's your passion level on Donald Trump? And so I think that's the biggest problem. And, and so because of that, you know, again, I think that he needs to ramp up the passion level for him or against her.


And that's why, again, I just keep coming back to when are we gonna get the full takedown of Kamala Harris? We so richly deserve. When is that going to happen? He started it tonight. He, I I actually wanna interrupt 'cause I have something, there's actual breaking news, which rarely happens to us. Kamala Harris' campaign is calling for a second debate. Of course they are. 'cause they think she won. Vice President Harris is ready for a second debate. We are looking for the American people essentially. I'm, I'm paraphrasing now quoting should see a second debate in October. It's smart. 'cause they know he's gonna say no. Right? So they just wanna make him put him in the spot to say, I don't think he, I don't think he'll say, no, I don't. He's gonna, no, because what's gonna happen is that I don't think he's gonna say where, and she's gonna say NBC and he's gonna say, did you see those moderators?


Are you outta your mind? Let's see. I don't think he'll say no. I don't think He'll see mind. I think he says yes. Yeah, because then first of all, A A BC is the most, the worst leftist biased network. They hired the former top propagandist for the Clinton White House to be their chief political anchor. So, and, and you saw those jokers tonight. So anything is gonna be more, more moderate Than that's risky for her kind. I'm kind of surprised a little bit, and he might Even, I'm a little surprised that she did. But I think he will take her, I'm happy to hear it might, he might even get away with getting at least one person, you know, like Brett bear in there. Which would, which would be Fine. I, I mean, well, I mean, I should, I don't think he should do another one. So I he can't directly say no, but I think exactly what you just said, like what I'm, here's what he could say. I'm not doing another one of those. There's no way.


I'm not doing a three on one thing. Again, that was, it's a setup. It's ridiculous. I'm not doing that. So we could, you know, we could do one on Fox or we could do it somewhere. That's, that's What he should do, is he should propose no moderators. No moderators that would, He should say no moderators. He should say there's a question. The question pops up on the screen. We each get to talk for one minute with a clock, and then we move on to the next question with rebuttals for 30 seconds each, like set a series of rules with no moderators because the, the game now is a game of chicken. Right. She's gonna say, I offered you the debate. Why aren't you taking the debate? Right? She stated this earlier and then he's gonna say, well, because your moderators suck and that was awful. And she's gonna say, because you're chickening out. Right? Man, you're chickening out. Yeah. And, and so what he needs to come back with is he needs to say absolutely no moderators, because you shouldn't have your aids in the corner helping you out.


Yeah. Another piece of breaking news right now, the, the biggest surprise perhaps at the political season, if you're, you know, been living under a rock for the last four years, Taylor Swift just officially endorsed Kamala Harris. Oh Wow. But who did Travis endorse? Yeah. You know, that's a woman who's never gotten men. Right. She's What I love about Taylor Swift is that she's always super late on everything. Yeah. Right. Have you ever seen the movie Pop Star? Never stopped, never stopping. So there's a great number from Pop Star never stopped, never stopping. It's an Andy Sandberg lonely island film. It's pretty fantastic. Oh, that's, it's total, total wildly inappropriate, not appropriate for children at all. And, but there's, there's one song that is aptly titled Not Gay, in which Andy Sandberg explains why gay marriage is awesome, but that he personally is not gay in the song repeatedly.


And the punchline is that the, everybody reacts to it and they're like, gay marriage became legal in the United States like five years ago. Why are you even talking about this anymore? And that is Taylor Swift in a nutshell. It's like she waits until it doesn't matter anymore. Six months. And then she, she signs it Chad, Six months, all the media could talk about was whether or not she was going to endorse. Yeah. Well, and and again, it's just bait, right? Because we're all gonna say what we're gonna say, like right now what I'm about to say, which is if you vote based on who Taylor Swift is voting for, you are one of the stupidest people alive. I'm insulted now. It's, it is, it is the stupidest thing in the world to say, who is this 36? She's the same age as my wife. My wife's a doctor with four kids. This lady's acting like she's a 17-year-old girl traipsing around singing songs about the latest dude she broke up with and we're all supposed to take there.


Her voting advice from her. Okay, now you can clip that. You can put it on. Media's gonna hate, hate. The significance of the, of the Taylor Swift endorsement is they're gonna go for, well, can we have the largest political campaign rally of all time? Right. Vibes, Vibes. Vibes, Vibes. 'cause you know, if it, if it's really a Taylor Swift concert, they can get, you know, a million, a hundred Thousand people. Yeah. Easily. Yeah. So that's the, yeah, that's the point. Well, no more breaking news. But we do have news, original news coming from our very own Cabot Phillips who is live in Philadelphia right now. Cabot, what do you have for us? Well, the second the debate ended, the spin room behind me was flooded with surrogates. It was very different than the Atlanta debate.


Democrats surrogates were rushing out, they were jubilant. I heard from a number of them the campaign press secretary saying Harris was strong and optimistic. Trump was angry and weak. They said it was a clear cut win. As you mentioned earlier, they won another debate in October. They said that they would even settle for multiple debates. The Democrats were very excited. Now it, it's worth noting also the moderators are getting a lot of discussion about the bias there. Sitting here in the room, I was with a thousand reporters watching this debate. You could also feel the bias in the room. There were multiple moments throughout the evening where Trump begins to speak and there was loud uproarious laughter from large groups of members of the press.


They were not even trying to hide the fact that they were having fun. They were mocking Trump pretty openly worth pointing that the worth pointing out that the moderators were not the only bias folks in the media. Now, the Trump campaign, they're not trying to spin this as a win. Guys, I, I talked to a number of them. I, I heard from a number of circuits. I talked to Tom Cotton, Tim Scott, the campaign communications director, Brian Hughes. All of their talk was not necessarily on Donald Trump's performance, it was on the performance of the moderators. All of them used the language. This was a three-on-one debate. They're saying however, that the American people can see through the fact that the media, once Kamala Harris elected, and that the substance of the debates, whatever the performance of Trump or Kamala was, will actually be secondary to the poor performance from the moderators more broadly, I will say that I've never felt better about Donald Trump's chances than hearing you say that they were openly mocking him in the spin room while watching the debate.


The, the absolute disdain that the media class has for the American people. It is not just the biggest story of tonight, it's probably the biggest story in the country and has been for a number of years. You can't talk about it enough. And so, you know, may their hubris do for them what it did for them in 2016. Cabot, who do you, who else are you hoping to talk to tonight? Hey, sorry, Sorry about that. Had a little bit of audio trouble there. JD Vance has just recently made an appearance. We're gonna be talking to Tulsi Gabbard in a bit, but I did wanna also point out the Trump surrogates. They were saying that once the American people actually get real, not real time fact checking, but fact checking after the fact, they will realize just how often Kamala Harris was lying.


For example, she said that she had never called for decriminalizing illegal border crossings in 2019. She said it is wrong to suggest that undocumented immigrants are criminals. Being an undocumented immigrant is not a crime. Later, she said that she had never supported mandatory gun buybacks in 2020. She said, we have to have a buyback program. I support a mandatory buyback program. And perhaps most notably, the Trump campaign here in Pennsylvania was talking repeatedly about the importance of fracking. And they said Kamala did want to ban fracking. And we actually have a clip despite her saying she'd never wanted to ban fracking. Here's a, a brief clip of her talking about that in the 2020 campaign. Will you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking your first day in office, adding the United States to the list of countries who have banned this devastating Practice?


There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah, and, and, and starting, and starting with what we can do on day one around public lands. Right? And, and then there has to be legislation. But yes, and this is something I've taken on in California. I have a history of working on this issue. And to your point, and you know, they, we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact of fracking is enormous in terms of the impact on the health and safety of communities. So the Trump campaign saying they're having to do the job of the moderators who only showed interest in fact, checking Donald Trump, they are trying to blast that message out. Expect to hear some of those conflicting quotes of hers from 2020 versus last night in TV ads.


They said they're gonna have new ads up and running in the next week, especially here in Pennsylvania. Hey Cab, it looks like Donald Trump just walked into the spin room behind you. We're gonna go get there right now if he is, and We'll get back to, we'll check back in with you in just a few minutes. Good work. Yeah. They're in my ear saying, you see the people running behind Cabot, Donald Trump just walked into the spin room, which is a thing you do have to love about Donald Trump love. Yeah. Oh, he, he has, he's fearless about this. Yeah. The tenacity of the guy is unbelievable. Yes. What you said, there is one factor that, that can help Republicans. So there's a lot of talk about how, you know, we were talking that you have to be excited to go to the ballot box.


Yes. Or you have to be super pissed. Yeah. And, and if it turns out that they just keep spitting on everyone and just spitting on everyone, then it may be that you took off enough people and stuff like, these debates don't really matter. Like in the end, it's just a giant pulsating middle finger. And, and, and so I think that's what Trump is, is gonna be banking on going forward. Again, every single state, every single one is within margin of error right now. So to trying to pretend that this is gonna, like, blow the race wide open or, or radically seminally change where we are in the race. I mean, this race has been extremely stable, really since the beginning of the race. And the only thing that changed was everybody realized that, that Joe Biden was senile. And then as soon as she was put in it kinda went back to status quo anti from like September, October of last year.


So, yeah, I'm not sure. There's, there's a big difference too, between the fact checks and the fact checks of the fact checks now compared to 2012. I remember 2012, I was watching that debate. Romney said, Obama, you did not refer to the Benghazi attack as a terror attack for a day or two, or several days after. And Candy Crowley lied and said, yes, he did. And then way after the debate was over at the end of the broadcast, she said, oh, by the way, I got it wrong. And everyone had tuned out at that point. That's right. Because everyone in 2012 was watching that debate on tv. Right. Myself included. Now, my father doesn't always watch this stuff on tv. People are watching this on the internet. The media landscape is very different than it was 12 years ago. And so sure, the, the real time fact checks were frustrating.


We were gonna pull our hair out here. But when you get those montages of all the fact checks, and then what Cabot was talking about, the fact check of the fact check Kamala says, I never said that. Spliced with, on all of our shows, probably tomorrow spliced with Kamala saying that, I don't know that. Then to Drew's point that the debate settling in the days afterward, I'm not sure that this is so great for Kamala. I'm not sure that this is so bad for Trump. You know, The, the thing you said before is really important because if I have a concern, it is that the vibes for Harris are very powerful. The enthusiasm for her is very powerful because she's not Joe Biden, because she's a fresh coat of paint. And Trump has been around a long time now. He was a breath of fresh air when he started. We all were like shocked by him. We didn't see him coming.


He was like a train bowling over the opposition. But anger is also a kind of enthusiasm. And I think, you know, if, if you are not angry at an media complex that is so huge, so dominant, so powerful, that hates your guts, if you're not angry about that, you're just not paying any attention at all. And getting back to the fact that, look, Democrats aren't gonna change their vote. Republicans aren't gonna change their vote. It's all in the hands of independence. At some point. Some of these independents have gotta be looking at this and saying, you know, I'm tired of being hated. That's what gave Trump his power in the first place. People are tired. This was, this is not 10 years, 20 years. This is 60 years of being told their country sucks. Their religion sucks, they're racist, All, you know, their religion, everything about them is bad.


People got ticked off. And Trump was a gigantic middle finger to all those people. They're still here, they're still saying the same stuff Trump has gotten, you know, we've gotten used to him. He's, he's lost that kind of shock that he had before. But I don't know if the anger wears off when you're being treated like these people treat Us. You know, the, the way that you could tell the moderators were truly, you know, horrifically awful tonight. And there were a million ways, what's the number one issue in the country right now? Clearly, like with a bullet, inflation. Inflation, yeah. Number one issue. Not one question tonight. Not one question on inflation. We got several minutes on Trump's tariff policy, his proposal for tariffs. The implication, of course, being that that's gonna be inflationary policy. At no point did they go to Kamala Harris and say, you presided over the worst 40 year inflation spiral that we've seen.


So what, what's the deal? Instead, they went to Trump's tariff policy. Then they asked her about Trump's tariff policy, and then he responded to her responding, which gave her a chance to respond. And again, I think that that was a mistake by him, because I think he kept taking the bait. She would, she would respond to what he was saying, right? And then instead of him letting it go and letting them move on to a topic that was maybe better for him than say, tariffs, he would fall in love with the topic. And then he just had to respond. He had to go. But again, the the questions I, I am absolutely bewildered and shocked at, at those questions, they were truly, truly egregious. And I agree with you that I think that the takeaway is gonna be, you can never trust the media again. Yep. Media trust is at, at all time lows. Whether Trump can translate that into, you know, votes for him is another question. But I think that for future election cycles, we, Joe Biden killed the, the election debate process.


Right? He killed the Presidential Commission. And so now I think that if you're a Republican, you should never again walk into a debate that is organized by opponents. Never again. And in fact, I don't, you know, I'm gonna, I'm moderators at all. And if you are gonna have moderators, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pose the, the Jewish solution to moderators. This is like an actual Jewish law solution. When you're, when you have to form like a court, what you do is you pick one, I pick one, they pick one, right? That's, that's the way that you end up actually forming a court. That seems like a pretty good way. If you're going to have moderators at All, you can have three. And you have one from my side, one from your side, and then the two of those people pick the person in the middle. That seems like a better way of doing it than we currently Hmm. Than we currently are. You know, I do wanna say something. I, I'm pick, Pick one. They pick one and they pick another one. Yeah, exactly. It's the current way.


I am excited to announce something tonight. I'm, I'm not excited about a lot what happened in the Bay, but I'm very excited. We do have a new sponsor joining us, which is just awesome. And this sponsor is working with your business to make it more efficient. So let's talk about something that's really cool that, that's futuristic, that's gonna save your business tons of time and money. I'm talking about artificial intelligence. If you haven't done any experimenting with ai, it is unbelievable. I mean, chat GT is unbelievable. And gr is all these ais are incredible. They're super efficient. They make your work a lot easier. If your business is ignoring it, it's miss it's missing out. This might be the most important new technology literally ever, because it's making intelligence like human intelligence available to everyone at incredibly rapid rates. It is storming every industry, literally billions of dollars are being invested. You need to buckle up. The problem is AI needs a ton of speed and processing power. So how can your business compete without cost? By rolling out of control, it's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. I'm talking about Oracle Cloud infrastructure, or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle best in the business. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed in less than half the cost of other clouds. If you're not using AI for your business, you really should be, or you're gonna fall behind your competitors. If you wanna do more and spend less like Uber, eight by eight Databricks Mosaic Take, a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/shapiro. Honestly, it's a must do for your business. oracle.com/shapiro, that's oracle.com/shapiro. Don't let the left outpace you in the Aras get on OCI today.


You Know, Knowles and I had a conversation. I, I, I don't think you'll mind my saying this where you, you mentioned the fact that you had checked on the price that of eggs, that what you were spending on eggs. 'cause my wife is making me spend $11 for eggs. And, and you, and you were shocked. And I said, the thing is, the fact that you had to check shows what the media, and that's us, is like, we have to check to see what we're paying for eggs. If, if you don't have the kind of money that people in the media have, you don't have to check what you're paying for eggs. You know, when you walk in what you're paying for eggs and what it's taking away from all your other expenses. That's the, that's the gap. That's the big gap is that's why people don't see what a disastrous administration this has been in the press.


And why Trump, you know, Trump is the first president who narrowed the gap between rich and poor, narrowed the gap between black and white. He, he never talks about it. He probably doesn't even know it, but he's, he's the first guy to do that in 60 years. And he is the, the first precedent in my lifetime to have his finger on the pulse of the price of a berger egg. You know, the, he has two on his airplane, One issue that right on this point drew that that didn't come up tonight. And it's a scandal. It didn't come up. Pertains to mass migration, which should have, should have been the lion's share of the debate. And the moderators tried to gloss over that. But what, what especially they could have focused on was the drug crisis and fentanyl deaths.


Because this is something that affects, it actually does affect people even in the media, even in the fancy clubs, who knows somebody, or at least knows somebody who knows somebody who has died of a fentanyl overdose. And, and certainly people in the forgotten parts of the country know a lot of people who have experienced that. You know, there was a, a report that came out just today that Kamala, while running in 2020, signed a, a candidate questionnaire calling for the decriminalization of Fentanyl. Wow. Not marijuana, not cocaine, not fentanyl. Yeah. And it just, this past year, what was it, 75,000 or thereabouts Americans died of fentanyl, overdoses, many, many more of drug overdoses. Overall poison.


The numbers are ticking up, up again, don't even, I don't think you should categorize fentanyl as an overdose. It's a poison. It's A poison. It's a poison, yes. Not an overdose. So the numbers are ticking up. Again, this is the poisoning, the, the, the permitted, negligent, and intentional killing of Americans doesn't come up. But here, here's the thing. In the end, the magical power that Donald Trump has above all else, and this has been true since 2015, is he's a camera magnet. Right. Wherever he goes, the camera, follow him. And what that means is that the only person who can really prosecute the case is going to have to be Donald Trump. It cannot be JD Vans. It can, that's right. I mean, we're, we're all watching JD and j D's doing a great job in a lot of these interviews. He watched these rallies. He's doing media, and it doesn't even make a dent. And the reason it doesn't make a dent is because the cameras can just ignore JD Vans.


Unless he's saying something about Tucker Carlson and, and his, and his friendly relations with Tucker or something, in which case they can use it against jd. You know, they, they're not going to talk about JD Vans. He's just not going to break through. The thing that Trump had, that, that I think is the, the underrated superpower of Donald Trump is that he had broken through before he was ever running. Right. He was one of the most famous people in the country before he ever declared for the presidency. And because of that, it meant that he had layers of insulation against whatever the media could throw at him. Because everybody already had a preconceived notion of who Donald Trump was. He still has the capacity to do that. But it means that no surrogate can do the thing. Surrogates can do the thing for Kamala. She can send surrogates out there because she's, she's, she's a nothing. She's a neish. She really is. She's just an empty suit. She's a neish. She's nothing. And what that means is that she can send out surrogates to go change her positions willy-nilly, or go on the, or go on the morning shows with Morning Joe and Jabber about what a vibes candidate she is.


And she can go into spice chops and hug people. And that'll be her entire campaign. No one on the right can do the job for him, which means the challenge is his. And so, in a very singular way, this election will be won or lost by Donald Trump. Either he is going to singularly in his own personage, prosecute the case against Kamala Harris, or it ain't gonna get prosecuted. Yeah. Because the, the, the other problem that you got is that he can toss hundreds of millions of dollars into TV ads. And the question is, who watches local TV anymore? Seriously, it's a major problem. Like how you, you can, you can throw that money down a rat hole, but the reality is the amount of money that's spent on local TV in say, Pennsylvania, on these TV ads, what's the ROI on that? Yeah. It's not as easy to reach people as it once was. And the internet is super fragmentary.


And so, you know, their, their ballot harvesting operation better be top notch. Yeah. Their get out the vote operation better be top notch. I mean, let's start putting the pressure inside for those of us who want him to win, okay? It's time to start actually putting the pressure where the pressure needs to be for him to win. And in order for him to win, we can pressure the media. We always do that. And we should, we should. That should not let up. The pressure should be on us from Harris. We'll do our job. Right. That's our job. Our job is to keep the pressure on them. But the only people who can run the get out the vote effort, are the people running the get out the vote effort. You can't do it. I can't do it. Nope. None of us can do that. The get out the vote effort needs to be topnotch. No excuses. The Donald Trump needs to personally prosecute the case, no excuses. Because in the end ain't gonna be excuses. Because if she's elected, she's gonna wreck the country. She really will.


It's actually one of the questions from one of our Daily Wire dot com subscribers is, will the VP debate have a significant impact? And it sounds like you're saying no. No. Nope. Not one iota. Does anybody remember Kamala Harris from the vi Mike Pence debate? Remember the fly she was talking? Remember the fly in that debate More than they remember, than more than they remember kale. He was Great on the fly. The fly the fly was one of the big stars of our modern politics. I mean, JD Vance will do very, very well. He'll be great. It'll, he'll be spectacular. And it won't matter at All. Not one iota. Not one iota. The one thing that'll be hard for him now is that Tucker has created this issue for him, right? I mean, like, like J Tim Walls will for sure hit him on his friendship with Tucker, because Tucker had this schmuck, pseudo historian on who, who did this dumb routine about how Churchill was the villain in the Second World War. And that's just like an, that, that's just an easy hit for Tim Walls.


He'll go out of his way, way to do it. It was a dumb move by Tucker. It was damaging to the Republican clause for whatever that matters. And, and you know, JD will be asked about that without a doubt. During that VP debate. Is that gonna make any difference? Not really. He's the VP candidate. Who cares. Yeah. Another question from a Daily Wire dot com subscriber, and you can become a subscriber at Daily Wire dot com using promo code fight for 47% off. That's 47. 47. Obviously we want Donald Trump to be the 47th president. Simple yes or no from the entire group. Do you think that the people of the United States actually believe her lies What lies? What lies? You know, they believe she wants to kill babies. She wants to kill babies. They believe that she'll adjust her policies based on whatever's convenient. She will do that. I, you know, I don't think she cares that much about fracking.


I think she just says what she thinks she needs to say. Power. Yeah. And so they, they, she says that they believe it and they're all right, I Guess. Yeah. I I I think that they don't believe her lies 'cause they don't care. What I, what I would say is that they, I think that Democrats, and right now I see it with like Mark Cuban for example. I I think that a lot of Democrats have the same feeling about her, that for a long time Republicans had about Trump, which was take him seriously, but not literally. Right. So that they, they're taking her vibes seriously. And her vibe is, I'm not Donald Trump. I am a, I'm a lefty. I'm a typical lefty. I'm gonna do exactly what a typical lefty does. Doesn't matter what she says. I mean, they openly say this, right? I mean, they'll go on TV and they'll be like, sure she's lying about all of her positions. But she does have to get, Bernie literally said this this weekend, right?


Bernie went on national tv. She being pragmatic. Yeah. Right. So she's, she's changing all of her positions. She's being pragmatic. And that's what she should do as a good box. She should lie about everything. And then once she's elected, she can execute the klo. Right. Like, that's the, I mean, a lot of, a lot of voters, let's face it, are MPCs they're non playable characters. Yeah. You know, and, and in some ways it's, it's kind of healthy, you know, they grew up with, in the Democrat or the Republican Party, you stick to your family, you stick to the people around you. That's kind of the way it should be in a country that's not on the brink of collapse like this one. But in normally that's not a bad thing. But there, the people who decide the election because of that are the playable characters. I don't think, I think a lot of the playable characters will not leave Laws. I do wonder if the people in the middle are just gonna, are just exhausted.


I'll bet you the voters turn out for people who are independence is like zero. Seriously, because because it like, I Mean, independent voters. Independent voters, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, because if you're a Democrat, you're jazzed because Kam law and Vibes and all that, and if you're a Trump voter, you're jazzed. 'cause you gotta stop Kamala and vibes and all that. If you're an independent, you're like, when does all this shit just end? Like seriously? Like I, I think that that was, that that, that has been the vibe in, in a couple of elections straight where it's like Americans are just like, can we just be left alone? Like a little normality. Yeah. And, and, and so, you know, I think That is what people vote for. And I, I agree. And that's kind of why I was hoping that, that there would be a little more Morality from, from tonight. I think in a way, if there, if Kamala goes on to be president, the historic thing about this debate retrospectively will be that it's a bit like Bill Clinton's the era of big government is over moment that she really ran as the, the government should leave you alone candidate tonight.


Which is of course absurd because she is the vice president of, well, Trump was right about this. Right. He said, I'm buy you a MAGA hat. That's right. Right. It it's an amazing pivot that at least says that some of our actual policy preferences do resonate with the American people. We've stopped advocating for some of our, the government should leave you alone positions. Yeah. That's a, that's a, I think become a weak spot for conservatives in, in the last six or eight years. And I think Kamala is showing us that, that that does still have, she's running the right, she's Running the right. Well that, that coalition that you're describing, Jeremy, which is that Reagan slash sort of Bill Clinton slash sort of Tony Blair slash short sort of Dave Cameron.


It's not even just in America, it's it's in the UK too. It, we kind of mock it now as passe and neoliberal and squishy. And it is, I think it is all of those things. It also does still seem to kind of resonate with the voters read These words like neoliberal and what most people just hear when they hear neoliberal is, I have no idea what you're talking about. Do you mean that you're gonna leave me alone and I'll just be able to go to the supermarket and things will be cheap? Or what? Like What do you mean like seriously, you think most people have any idea what the hell the word neoliberal means? People who use the word neoliberal have no idea what the word. No, I Well, we, I mean, we know what it means and we probably don't like a lot of it, we don't like, you know, just totally laissez-faire cultural hands on the, you know, we don't want to have much more migration. We don't want to have some weak middle ground where we kill some babies and not other babies.


We don't wanna give up the meaning of marriage. You know, we, I don't like it. I would like a more coherently conservative policy. And I'm sure Bernie and Comrade Kamala and her heart of hearts wants a more leftist policy. But a lot of those voters that we're trying to reach, they don't have the most coherent and consistent political philosophy. And if you can appeal to them, that can be very powerful. I wanted to just follow up one thing, Ben, you said that I, I think your Bernie Sanders impression is your best one. I think I appreciate that. I just, you know, I, my, my Obama, you got a Few that are kind of weak, but that one was good. Thank you. My yeah, my, my my Trump is not great. My, my Obama is quality. You have a good Obama. Kamala Harris has a good black woman. I heard her break up. I don't want, are you sure?


It's good. I don't think it's that good. I did love Trump's answer on that. If you want to be black, she can be black. She doesn't wanna be black. She doesn't have to be black. Does it really matter? I heard It, it actually was kind of a sophisticated answer. It was, They Just weren't letting them have it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. From Daily Wire dot com subscriber, this one for Ben, do you think the Jewish men and women around our country fall for the lie that she loves this one? Okay, it's time for my answer. You ready for this? Let's go. Here we go. Most Jews are not Jewish. Okay, let me explain this thing about Jews. Whenever you see a poll of Jews, what you mean are people who identify as Jews, which, and, and Jews, unlike other groups, you know, people who identify as Jews, they're not doing so religiously.


If you poll, people are like, are you Catholic? Typically the people who say they're Catholic are Catholic, you know, like they go to church. Like they actually pay attention to the things the Pope says. Well, they Were at least baptized. They, they were, at least They probably don't go to church. Okay. Okay. They, they take the religion seriously enough that, that when they are not Catholic anymore, they call themselves lapsed Catholics or atheists. Yeah. Okay. Jews don't do that. So for Jews, they'll be like full non-compliant. Hey, God is stupid. Like full, full on atheistic anti-Israel kooks. But for those Jews, the reason they say Jew is because what they mean is intersectionally not white. Right? And that is a, that is a serious share of like the American Jewish population who identifies as Jewish because it means that they're not part of the white Borg. And also we're not part of the like old antisemitic, you know, white people in country club thing, right?


And so I always differentiate between Jews who care about Jewishness and people who don't care about Jewishness. So for those of us who actually have a dog in the being Jewish fight, we're gonna vote like 110% for Donald Trump. Okay. My synagogue, there are, i, I can name, I can name them. I think there's one to two. This is a synagogue of 400 families and maybe one to two Kamala Harris supporters maybe. Okay. And that's fairly consistent around the Orthodox community. Like we all, we all see through it. I mean, we all know it. If, if you go down to Florida, every Trump fundraiser is filled with people with amahs, like every single one. It's, there's a reason for that. But one of the great, and by the way, you can tell this in the polls, there's a poll and it shows, it was a pupil poll. It came out recently showing what various religious denominations think of people of other religious denominations.


And so every religious denomination says they don't like atheism except the Jews who are pro 19 or plus 19 on atheism. Why? Because it turns out that a huge number of people who identify as Jews are in fact atheists. Right? Yeah. And so I, I think it's important to make that distinction 'cause people get caught up in the, like Jews as solidarity club for, for people who all think alike. And it's like, well, no, they're the ones of us who actually take the Bible seriously and care deeply about what happens to Israel. And think Kamala, Kamala Harris is awful on Israel. Awful. Her answer tonight was sheer, absolute unmitigated trash. Absolute trash. If she says one more, she, she keeps saying over and over what we're searching for is an end to the conflict in which there is a, a hostage deal and all the hostages are freed and Israel is still safe.


And also there will be a two state solution and unicorns will fart energy. And like what the, what are you talking about? You're talking about negotiating with a terrorist entity to maintain its dominance of a portion of the land in order so that you can then give them a state and then peace will break out. Like it's, it's, it's awful. And Tim Walls, by the way, is way worse than Kamala on this. It's an awful ticket on Israel. It's a truly awful ticket. I I, I wanna know, you know, on the right we've got these clowns who are antisemitic and they're always coming after me and yelling terrible things. And I, I wanna know if Jews are so bad for America, why is it the people who say death to America wanna kill the Jews? I never quite understood that. Just question, just asking questions. One of them, I forget it was some picture of you drew and one of them was making some argument about how, how terrible you are.


And, but it was being presented as very objective. But then I know I looked at the picture, I said, wait, what's that? And they drew a little yamaka your bald Head. They didn't, they didn't. They didn't. No, It was, it was just there. No, no, no. I didn't, I had no idea. Listen, I, we all saw the picture. It was from Backstage Live. Okay. And it's, it's all of us sitting in this format and right there. And he is, and he, for the life of me is wearing a yamaka. Yeah. And Drew and I had a conversation about this a few days ago over dinner. He said, do you see the thing where they put that yamaka on my head? I mean, it was kind of funny. They didn't put the yamaka on his head. Was that just Providence? The geniuses at The Daily Wire where I work, put a Daily Wire a DW watermark on the video.


That Is, that is a, a translucent black circle. And it just happened that in that exact, and this is where the antisemites are hilarious so much. It wasn't true. The Roers are funny as hell. Yeah. They're really, yeah. They're, they're evil Hate. Evil and hate are funny. It can be funny. Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they believe in a, a, a demonic ideology, but they are hilarious. And they found the one frame of the whole show where the watermark landed on Drew's dead. Funny dude, they're super Funny. They made a Hispanic gay guy the leader of their movement. Now, from now on, now I'm wearing this outside my shirt like a bishop. Now I look like a bishop. And when you're a bishop, you actually get to wear, I get to wear the kind.


Exactly. Then I get the ya You come full circle from another Daily Wire dot com subscriber, what do we do? Which should be serious. This is actually a, I think on the hearts and minds of a lot of people, what do we do if Kamala wins? This genuinely feels like we're on the verge of losing the country if the left takes the White House in Congress. So how do we stay calm in the event that Trump loses? You know, I was at a fundraiser for Republicans in Virginia the other day, and that this was on all of their minds. It was, you know, what do we do? First of all, they, they, they may not believe that he lost if he did lose, but I think he's obviously a possibility that he could lose. And I just think, you know, this is the kind of country where things go a lot slower than people want them to go.


Hopefully. And I, it really just depends on what happens to the Congress because we could, we could lose the White House, but hold Congress and hold the Senate and, and win the Senate. So there's a lot of different outcomes. And I think not panicking would be a good idea. You know, I got asked once recently, somebody on one of the all access shows, you know, should, should we revolt? Should we get our guns? And I thought, could you volunteer to serve at a polling place first before you go for your guns? You know, I think there are a lot of things to do to be active in, in, in American politics that still work, that are still there. But we should start to take advantage of. And also also, you know, this election's very, very important.


They're all really important. You're not gonna win every election from now until forever. Right? Like, you are gonna lose sometimes no matter what. That's just the, that's just a reality. So that's all, that's all kind of baked into the cake of the way the system works. So the way I look at it is, I mean it's, I mean, it'll be terrible if she wins and if they win everything, which I don't think will happen even worse. I mean, really devastating consequences. But what do we do? We, we, what do we just, what do we give up and, and move? Where are you gonna move to? Right? You just, you get ready for, for 2028, you get ready for the midterms. You focus on your own family, your own community. You just, you keep living and fighting.


Donald Trump is a fight, fight, Fight problem. Americans, I feel we have a ton of really great virtues and particular skills. But one area that we lack in is we sometimes lack in historical sense because we're a young country and we were founded in a, a unique way that had all these ramifications for the rest of the world. And, and we kind of forget how, how history works. I just happened coincidentally providentially to give this lecture on my favorite Italian poet, Dante. It was specifically on who, I dunno if you've heard of him. He's this guy. Tell Me all about him. Well, I no, I for two hours actually. Well, you recite his cantos. You, You can get that if you listen to my lecture on the ISI YouTube channel. But it was on his politics. 'cause this is a guy who rose to the highest level of the Florentine government and then immediately lost everything he got.


The pope attacked him, killed his fr the Pope's army guys killed his friends. Bill Dante took, took his property. Yes. Sent him, sent him out of his city. He never returned. Civil war was the recurring theme in his political life. And Dante had to make sense of this. And he's not the only one. Great political thinkers have had to make sense of this. Going back to Boll atheists and, and before that, if you are Christian, though, you believe that there is a meaning to history. You believe that there's a beginning to the story, the creation. You believe there's a turning point, which is the incarnation. And you believe there's an end. And we know how the story ends. If you're a Christian, you believe that this world, this fallen world of politics is, is subject to principalities and power and, and, and spiritual wickedness in high places.


You believe also that rulers are here for our own good and that a civil order and justice and law is here for our own good. And we need to do our very best to establish those conditions for justice. But it's gonna be really unpleasant a lot of the time. Right. And I, I fear sometimes 'cause we have a short revolutionary view of history. We think that we're just, it's all gonna be roses. And it's weird, it's weird that Christians who have a God who is crucified by the religious people, the political people, by the cro crowd, I the power of the whole world by his friends, you know, that, that they believe that everything's gonna come up roses. Yeah. That's Not the way It works. That's, I mean, I, I think that on a very practical level, the, there, there are a few things. One, the senate matters an awful lot.


Yeah. And people who are not paying attention to the Senate races bad mistake. Yeah. Right now the Republicans basically have guaranteed 50 seats because of Jim Justice in West Virginia. They're very likely to win the seat in Montana where Tim, she, he appears to be running away with that race. That means 51, which is great. You're gonna need a little bit more than that because you want some sort of cushion. Because we've had situations in the recent past actually, where Republicans had a 51 vote majority. And you get one person to peel off and join the Democrats in a complete, Jim Jeffs did this when George W. Bush was president actually. And you could see something like that. You really want more than that. I, on a personal level, have actually been doing something I've never done before, which I'm actually actually going out and actively campaigning with a series of Senate candidates in swing states. I already went and campaigned with Captain Sam Brown over in Nevada, who's a wonderful person and a, and a real American hero.


I'm gonna be campaigning in Pennsylvania with Dave McCormick. I'm gonna be Penn be hopefully campaigning with OV in Wisconsin and, and Mike Rogers in Michigan and with Bernie Moreno in Ohio. Like that's my hope. I want to go campaign with all those people. And if you can, you should go work for those Senate candidates. Because the worst thing would be if the Democrats get a triumvirate here, if they get all three, if they Congress and Senate and the presidency, they will do damage that is in fact permanent in nature. They will add two states to the Senate of the United States and stack it with another four Democratic senators making their majority near permanent. They will kill the filibuster. They will make changes to the actual system of American government that are incredibly dangerous. And so the question becomes, okay, let's say all that happens, then what? And then the answer becomes what always was the case, which is you are going to see individual states that just refuse to take the mandate to the federal government.


Right. That's, that's gonna be the next step. And you're already, you're already seeing, by the way, when the left to protest this, it's like, well, you guys have already done this. It's called the sanctuary state. You do it all the time. Right. You did this with regard to marijuana enforcement. Like you guys are constantly ignoring laws that you don't think a ought to apply to you. And so you'll just see that from the right, the right will just say, listen, you, you want to come enforce your garbage tax law. You come here down here and try it. Like see, see, see how it goes for you. You're already seeing this with the immigration laws in Texas and, and what Governor Abbott has been doing down there. So that, that'll be the next step. The nice thing about the United States, it's really big, it's really decentralized. States do have an enormous amount of power. And I think that I was a lot more pessimistic about these sorts of solutions when I was living in a blue state when I was living in California. It's like, oh my God, there's no place to go. And then it turns out there are in fact a lot of places to go.


You can take your whole company to Tennessee, you can move down to Florida. Right. And, and so, and, and that will give you a base from which to fight back using the mechanisms of the system. So the, the thing that I hate is when people say, this is the last election. If we lose this election, it's all over. And invariably the people who are telling you this are totally lying. There's Never a last election. You, You know, until the end of the world, you know, you know, it's the thing that I noticed, I noticed that literally everyone who said that if Biden won in 2020, it would be the last election and everything didn't matter and the world would end. They all went on the air that day after the election. They were still on the air. It was super weird. Yeah. None of them quit their jobs and decided to go to farming. Right. Like literally not one of them. It was amazing. Conservatives say this in the same way that Libs say that if a conservative is elected, they're gonna move to Canada. That's right. But you don't know the future.


No one knows the future. If Kamala Harris wins, we certainly know it will be bad. There will be policies that make life worse in the country. There'll be policies that damage particularly our values. It's possible if there will be pal policies, Ben, to your point, that actually reorder how the government works in this country. That could certainly happen. That that much is certain it will be bad from a policy perspective. If Kamala Harris wins beyond that, the extent to which it will be difficult is completely unknown. It could certainly be the case that Donald Trump losing the presidency in 2024 could be the beginning of something really good in the country.


A reorientation, you know, Donald Trump has been, this is our third presidential election. We've marched into battle behind Donald Trump. If he loses or, or, and, and even if they cheat, his job is to ascend the presidency. If he, if he fails to ascend the presidency, if he loses, you know, then it will be a good thing not to follow him into a for of course, yeah. Presidential election. Is it possible you say there's always an next election to the extent that you mean history continues? Of course that's true. Yeah. Maybe there's not an next election, right? I mean, systems of governments completely changed. They're talking about cutting the court. We could go into a, a Soviet style great terror where we spend 50 years under a dark cloud. The worst thing can happen.


I don't think that it's likely that it will happen. That's, I think that's the, the smallest percent chance of, of what the outcome could be. But it's possible, it's possible that Donald Trump losing could be the beginning of something very good that happens. You can't be cavalier about that because we, what we know for a fact is that bad policies will happen. Yeah. And you don't lose by, you don't, you don't win by losing, you don't losing. Yeah. It may be the case that you accidentally do every now and then win by losing. But as we say, often luck is a bad business model. Right. Sometimes You lose the global water in 64 and then you get Reagan in 80, but there's an awful long 16 year period between That's right. And a revolutionary period. That's right. And you can't be so cavalier. That's not your job in the moment. Our job in the moment is to support Donald Trump for president. Our job in the moment is to do everything within our power to try to stop the left from having the White House for four more years.


Yep. Should that fail though, it is important to remember that at the extremes, things can be very bad. Yeah. Most likely what will happen is we'll all get back up, we'll all go back to work. We'll all have to start reorienting. We'll have to start adapting as we always do, as as human beings. We'll have to find a way, Matt, to your point, to focus on our family, to focus on our faith, to focus on the smallest units of government, which in the end are the foundational units of government. We'll have to remember to be optimistic, not because the future is promised to be good, the future might be very bad, but because belief in God is fundamentally optimistic and act and we'll have to figure out where the fight is and go fight it. And We have to make more movies like Matt so that we can change people's minds and change.


That's Right. The battle. The, the battle is ultimately a cultural, always a culture battle. You know, a lot of people are very upset about abortion. I'll, I'll end, I'll end the night with this. People are very upset about the fact that the abortion situation in the country has changed. We didn't have a plan for what would happen after Roe v. Wade or, or for when the, the, the abortion pill became the chief mechanism of abortion. Right? That's right. And now that we're on the other side of both of those events in rapid succession, abortion is a much more complex political issue. It's not a more complex moral issue. The the moral issue hasn't changed at all. Abortion is a, a true horror, a true blight, but the political situation has changed dramatically. It used to be the case that you could have a politically absolutist view of abortion, which is not the same as a morally absolutist view.


I have a morally absolutist view of abortion, of abortion, but politics only allowed us to have an absolutist political view because of Roe. And what I mean by that is we could elect people who were proponents of abortion like Donald Trump, people who've been pro-choice their entire life before he ran like Donald Trump. But it didn't matter because in a situation with Roe v Wade, as long as he opposed Roe v. Wade. Yeah, yeah. This one concept, then he was pro-life. And now on the other side, we have this complicated moment where the very person who secured us the greatest pro-life victory of all time now, isn't morally advocating positions that make the pro-life community happy.


But that's the nature of the new political reality. And people wanna know, how do we win? How do we win now? Do we get rid of the people who don't have the absolutist moral view that we have? You know, do we have to, is it better to lose elections standing for what's right? And those are, it's easy to kind of be glib about that those can be, in certain moments, very complex questions. There will be times where we may have to choose to lose political power. And even Trump is making this point. That's right. Gotta win elections, guys. Just let me go. You know, but, but the ultimate point is this, it took half a century to overturn Roe. It will now take half a century to fight the next battle for abortion, which is, I believe fundamentally a cultural battle. We actually have to change the way people relate to the issue of life, which is different than changing the way that they deal with the issue of the Supreme Court vis-a-vis Roe v.


Wade. Yeah. We, we figured out how to fight that battle. We won it. We're gonna have to figure out how to fight this battle and when it, some battles can't be won immediately. And so whatever comes of this election, we're going to have to steal ourselves for the fact that every day that we're alive on this earth, we have to fight for our values. Yeah. That fight will never, that fight changes, changes for a moment, which is Panic, which is why panic is always the wrong thing. Because panic is always have to play the Long game. We have to play the Long game try. And it's why Matt's movie matters because he's fighting in the cultural sphere. This movie, am I Racist, comes out in theaters on Friday nationwide. If you looked for tickets maybe three weeks ago and it wasn't playing near you we're up to 1500 screens starting at only 204 weeks ago. So if you checked the internet and the movie wasn't playing near you three weeks ago, it probably is playing near you today.


If you look today and it's not playing near you, it almost certainly will be tomorrow. The movie is now in, in wide national release. And the movie matters so much and it matters because it isn't, it isn't a classic documentary. It is a true culturally relevant piece of entertainment content that uses tools cultivated by the left when they weren't in hegemonic power. Tools like mockery tools, like trolling tools that people like Sasha Baron Cohen, or Col, Stephen Colbert or early John Stewart really pioneered. And, and Matt is the first and only person in our movement to figure out how to effectively turn those tools now that they're the ones in power and we're the ones outside of power.


He's figured out how to use those tools to the same great effect that they were using them 20 years ago. And for that reason alone, you must go see this film. Agreed. And because the culture is where we have to fight the fight. So go to mi racist.com, grab your tickets, head over to Daily Wire dot com. If you're not a subscriber, promo code Fight gets you 47% off of your subscription, which is how you can support all of the work that we're doing and engage with all of our wonderful content. If you haven't registered to vote, go register. If you haven't volunteered at your polling place, go Regi. Go volunteer at your polling place. If you haven't talked somebody else into Go to Vote, talk him into go into vote, put one foot in front of the other, keep doing the work. Lift up hin eyes, you know, fix them on the things that we have been promised.


And don't worry so much about the things that we haven't. And just know that what a beautiful thing that we, that we get to live and we get to breathe and we get to fight for our values and fight changes the values. Don't Thank you guys for joining us tonight, and we hope to see you next time.


This show is brought to you by Helix Sleep. Sleep is so critical, but no two people sleep alike. That's why Helix offers several different mattress models each designed for specific sleep positions and preferences. Go to Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire, take their sleep quiz and find the mattress that's made for you. Whether you're a side sleeper, stomach sleeper, hot sleeper, or a cold sleeper, Helix has exactly what you're looking for. I took the Helix sleep quiz was matched with a Helix Midnight because I wanted a medium firmness and I sleep on my side. And I gotta tell you, it's made a world of difference. So what are you waiting for? Go to Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire, take the quiz and order the perfect mattress right to your door, shipped for free. All Helix mattresses come with a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. Helix even offers financing options and flexible payment plans. For a limited time. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. Just go to Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire. This is their best offer yet and it won't last long. Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire with Helix, better sleep starts now.


Wait to more on this in just one moment. First, do you know what's incredibly dumb? Obviously this verdict against Trump in New York City is incredibly dumb. But you know what else is incredibly dumb? Not having life insurance. A lot of life is unpredictable, but a good life insurance plan gives your family a financial safety net to protect against some of those unknowns. Policy Genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Policy Genius technology makes comparing life insurance quotes from America's top insurers. Really easy you can do in just a few clicks. You already have a life insurance policy through work, but that might not offer enough protection for your family needs, and it might not follow you if you leave your job. So you need a backup plan. Policy Genius has licensed agents who can help you find the best fit for your needs. When they make it this easy. There's not an excuse not to do it. Policy Genius works for you, not those insurance companies. They're not incentivized to recommend one insurer over another. You can trust them. Get peace of mind by finding the right life insurance with Policy Genius. Head on over to Policy Genius dot com slash shapiro or click that link in the description. Get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save. That's Policy Genius dot com slash shapiro.