
At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient from reducing in-person wait times at the Social Security Administration by 73% to already being done with this ad. Leidos making smart, smarter.


Alrighty, folks, it's President's Day and that means it's time for a quick round of Jeopardy, president's Edition. This video is sponsored by our friends at Home Title Lock, And the categories are Fast facts, presidential deaths, the White House First Ladies scandals and Founding Fathers. Okay, why don't we start with scandals since that's what people wanna get to first. Probably Scandals for 200. Phil, This president admitted to having an affair during his second term as president. Well, I mean, you can, you can say that there's actually two presidents who did this, but, but it's actually Bill Clinton here. Who is Bill Clinton.


Who is Bill Clinton, And that is correct. The, the other person I was thinking of it would be Grover Cleveland. Grover Cleveland, famously had an affair, and that, that actually was during his second term. I believe that he admitted it. Okay. Scandals for 400. President Joe Biden left billions of dollars in military equipment after, oh, I think my legs might be broken. Does somebody wanna take the category? We could be your, your Jeopardy hosts. Sure. Why don't you do that? President Joe Biden left billions of dollars in military equipment after withdrawing troops from this country. Where is Afghanistan? And that is correct.


We we're starting out easy here, Ben. Yeah, I'm, I'm figuring is Yeah. These ones are easy. Okay. Scandals for 600. This president created a mild scandal in the British press when he kissed Queen Elizabeth on the lips. Who is Donald Trump? Let's try that again. Do you know? Give you A hint. Okay. Peanuts. Really? Jimmy Carter did that? Yeah. Apparently. Wow. That's shocking. You can say, who is Jimmy Carter? Jimmy. Who is Jimmy Carter. I mean, he did say that he had sinned in his own mind many times, so, no. Weird, weird one. Jimmy. Okay. Scandals spray hundred. Yeah. President George HW Bush caused quite a stir with many of the nation's farmers when he stated his dislike over this certain vegetable.


Oh, wow. Hmm. This is kind of like niche. Yeah. This is, this is, this is niche because there were a lot of potato laden scandals during the HW Bush term. Remember Dan Quail misspelled potato? Yeah. I'll say potatoes. No, it's, it's broccoli. Oh, okay. Wow. I did not know that. These are definitely minor scandals too. When, when I'm thinking of scandals, I'm like, teapot Dome, and you're like, remember that time that Jimmy Carter kissed Queen Elizabeth on the lips? Okay. Scandals for a thousand. Well, maybe I should have made the next one. Oh, Yeah, I know Teapot do. This is Warren g Harding. Yep. Who is Warren g Harding. Kwa. Okay. Next category.


The one that I'm gonna totally bomb by the way, is First Ladies. I'm totally gonna bomb that because I don't care about that. That that is not a real category of Human First Ladies, we all, we all pretend the First Lady matters and, and not so much. Let's do presidential deaths. Go dark here. Sponsored by Policy Genius. This president, the principle author of the Declaration of Independence, died on July 4th in 1826. Okay. Well, actually two presidents died on July 4th, 1826. Boom. Roasted we're all roasted. No, I I actually did know that Both authors of the Declaration of Independence, by the way, I mean obviously they, this is meant to be Thomas Jefferson, but John Adams is also deeply involved in the, in the authoring of the Declaration of Independence, and they died on the same day, which is pretty incredible. That's like the notebook.


Yeah. Well, Adams's last words, where Jefferson still lives, Are they related their deaths at all? No, no, no. Just by, I didn't know if it was like a shootout or Something. No, no, no, no. It wasn't like, it wasn't like Burr shooting Hamilton or something. Well, you were correct. Who is Thomas Jefferson? You're skipping a little ahead in the category. Okay. All right. Next, This president died one month into his term. He gave such a long inaugural dress in freezing temperatures that he caught a cold and then got pneumonia. Who is President? William Henry Harrison. Ding, ding, Ding, ding. Yeah. He, by the way, he was, he was super old at the age of 68, and apparently he tried to keep warm by drinking a lot. He was very famous for winning that election based on basically having giant voter events where they handed out free beer.


Nice. That is smart. Yeah. Okay. Presidential deaths for 600, Along with Thomas Jefferson. These two presidents also died on Independence Day. Who is John Adams? I Told you, you were skipping ahead And Ooh, which other president died on Independence Day? Here we Go. Wow. Okay. That, that, that is an excellent question. Hmm. I can give you a hint. Okay. I'll take a hint. His initials are JMI Mean, there are two, there are two presidents with those initials. Exactly. Right. Exactly. Okay, so I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say who's James Monroe. Okay. I did not know James Monroe died on July 4th. Interesting. Okay. Cool. That's a, that that is a cool factoid.


I like that. Okay. Jess is just here to teach you things, Ben. Okay. Presidential dust for 800. This president died five days after eating and drinking a ton of cherries and ice cold milk. Is this a person who died while president, or is this a person who died after being president? I think as president, Who is Zachary Taylor. Ben, you are upbeat Guys. I wrote an entire book about presidents like, like on an evangelistic level, and it's my worst selling book historically, a project president. Yeah, Zachary Taylor, who suspected that he died of poisoning because of that, because he died of indigestion. Lord Hell, mercy. Presidential deaths for 1000. This president died in 1849. Many scholars believe he practically worked himself to death while president, Let's see.


I'm going in reverse where I'm missing the one president between John Tyler and How does this song go? Yeah, exactly. Washington. No, You do the hokey. Oh, so he wasn't present when he died. Yeah. Polk, he left off in 1848. You got that right then. That's on me. Okay, fine. That's not you. Okay. You got the points. Okay, Fine. We'll get to more of this in a moment.


First, did you know that American homeowners have over $32 trillion in equity? Criminals are targeting it with a growing scam. The FBI calls house stealing. Scammers can transfer your title out of your name using a one page document they file at the county, and then they take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The most concerning part, you won't find out about it until collection or foreclosure notices start arriving in your mailbox, leaving you with a financial and legal nightmare. The best way to protect your equity is with home title locks, exclusive million dollar triple lock protection. This service offers 24 7 monitoring urgent alerts, and if fraud should occur, their US-based restoration team will spend up to a million dollars to fix the fraud and restore your title. Our own senior video editor, Adam, trusts them to protect his home. You can too. So when was the last time you checked on your title? That's exactly what the scammers are counting on. The good news is we've partnered with Home Title Lock to offer you 25% off their services. Go to Home Title Lock dot com. Use my promo code Shapiro 25 to save 25%, and you'll also get a free title history report to ensure you're not already a victim and make sure you check out the million dollar triple lock protection details when you get there. Link below. That's Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code Shapiro 25.


All right. Let's do 25 for 200. There were this many principal founding fathers. Ben, the question doesn't say, Ben, This many principal founding fathers like signatories to the Declaration of Independence. Are we talking here? So I would say like core founding fathers, the main guys. There are a lot of main guys. That's the, like, I just 100% subjective. I guess I defined it. So moving on. Okay. Founding fathers for 400. This founding father son died in a dual three years earlier, 1801. At the same location. Yeah. This is true. Alexander Hamilton's son died in a dual in 1801. Bring back that. Okay.


Bring back. Do win. It'd make politics way more interesting. Or at Least like make them joust. Yeah. And jousting would be amazing. Okay. Founding father for 600 Of the founding fathers who became president, this one did not attend college. Who is George Washington? Yeah. He became a surveyor. Okay. Founding fathers for 800. The term founding fathers did not exist until this man mentioned it in his acceptance speech at the 1920 Republican National Convention. Well, I, if you'd not given me the the date, then I would've been screwed on that one. But who, who is Warren g Harding Crushing it. Okay. Again, for a thousand, Upon graduating from Harvard, John Adams became a teacher. Who taught this subject?


Hmm. What is philosophy? No. What is feminism? No, I'm kidding. What is lesbian dance theory? Yeah. What Is grammar? What is grammar? Hmm. Makes sense. He was extremely meticulous in his writing. Okay, we can do the White House. This president never lived in the White House as it was built after he Died. Who is George Washington? Okay. 400 Or 400. It costs this amount of money to visit the White House. What is $0? Nice. I tried to trick you there. I figured. Or if you're a foreign country, what is an unspecified amount of money to a specific person in the White House will then do your bidding White House for 600.


For 600. This president is credited with creating the West Wing Aaron Sorkin. Who is Martin Shane. Who's Andrew Jackson? Yeah. It is ya boy. Teddy Roosevelt. Oh, wow. Yeah. Much later. Okay. White House for 800. There are this many rooms in the White House. They're all tiny. I've been there. It's like a tiny person's house. When did You go? I've been there several times. Well, during Trump's first term, it's gotta be over a hundred, 132. I'll count that as Right. Over a hundred. I know. That's, we're doing prices right here now. Yeah, That's right. The White House for 1000. The White House was designed by this Irish American architect after he won the design competition in 1792.


Yeah. I'm not gonna know this one. This Is hard. I know. Some of these were very hard. Who was it? Who was James Hoen? Yeah. I I wouldn't have gotten that one. My architecture knowledge is, is limited. Okay. The only categories left on what? First Ladies and Fast Facts. Let's get First Ladies over with. I say that's fine. Okay. 201st ladies. This was the first first lady to live in the White House. Who was Abigail Adams. Yeah. She, she hated it by the way. She said that it was cold and terrible. Remember when Trump said that in his first term, he is like, yes. And he's right, by the way. He's totally right. Like, like it is a massive downgrade from Mar-a-Lago. First Ladies for 400. All right. Name one first lady that was not born in the United States. Who's Melania Trump?


There's one more. Would you know it? One First Lady who's not born in the United States? Hmm. Jackie was Jackie Kennedy. Not born in the United States. I don't even know who this is. Who is it? Louisa Adams. Oh, like John, like John Quincy's wife. Yeah. Yeah. She Was born in London. Yes, That's right. First lady for 600. All righty. This many first ladies were also mothers of presidents. Okay. Well, Abigail. Yep. Let's see. Barbara. Yep. And of course Melania, because Baron will be our first emperor. These Are not you First ladies for 800.


Name two of the four first ladies that passed away before their husband took office. So like long before. So that would be Joe Biden's first wife. Yep. And, and Martha. Martha Jefferson. Who famously passed away Very young. All right, first ladies for a thousand. This is the first, first lady to own and drive a car. Who's Eleanor Roosevelt. Try one more time. Who is, who's Edith Wilson. One more Third time's the char. Phil said Dug and Hop. Girl. Shake that laughing.


What Is that a hint? What did you just say to me? That was a hint. She said, girl, shake that what? Girl Shake that Affy probably never heard that song. No, I didn't know what you're talking about. Girl, shake that laughy Laugh now. More than one of You're saying it. Is that helping Taffy Taffy. Laffy Taffy. Oh, Taft's wife. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I wouldn't have known like even her first name and it wasn't Laffy. I don't think It's he. Where is your head cake? Okay. Fast facts. This man was the youngest president taking office at the age of 42. Who Is Teddy Roosevelt? This president appeared on the $500 bill, which was discontinued in 1969.


Who is Grover Cleveland? No. Who, who was on the 500 Bill? William McKinley. William McKinley. Wow. Okay. Ben. You totally need to get one of those if you don't have one already. In honor of Donald Trump, I have to get the McKinley $500 bill. That's cool. 100%. This president and his wife exchanged more than Poor John Abigail Adams. You pressed the buzzer Too early. Yeah, exactly. Their, their letters are beautiful. By the way, This president was an enthusiastic dog breeder, particularly of hunting hounds, to which he gave names like Sweet Lips in drunkard. Ew. Don't love that. Yeah. Not, not into that at all. That Sounds He's one of those people that lets them lick their face. Yeah, exactly. I was gonna say, who is Teddy Roosevelt?


Because that seems like a thing he would do, but probably earlier. Yeah, Earlier. Probably like the earliest Really? That that was a Washington thing. Yeah. That's so weird, George. That's so weird. That's so weird. George Washington. You know That weirdo George? That is. That is a weird one. Okay. Fast Facts. For 1000 A star football player at the University of Michigan, this president turned down offers from both the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers. Booz Gerald Ford. Wow. What's amazing about that is that Saturday Night Live made him famous for being like a bumbling, fumbling idiot. Every time Chevy Chase would appear, he'd fall over. Probably literally the most physically adept president in the history of all the presidents is Gerald Ford.


Right? He was an actual football star. So good job. SNL as always. Alright, Ben, you won Jeopardy today. You're moving on to the next Round. I played against nobody, so yeah, that was great. We still Want you to play against your dad One day. Oh, my dad. My dad might crush me at this. We're Gonna make it happen. Really? My, my dad is quite good at Jeopardy already, folks. That was me playing presidential jeopardy. I didn't do as well as I thought I would, but I'm gonna blame that on my staff. So there you have it. I've tried the other leg. Oh, You don't wake up dreaming of McDonald's fries. You wake up dreaming of McDonald's hash browns.


McDonald's breakfast comes first. Ba ba, ba ba.