
Welcome back to Daily Wire special inaugural coverage. We're approximately 30 minutes away from the beginning of the inauguration ceremony, and right behind us, president Trump's motorcade is arriving here at the Capitol Building where he'll be taking the oath of office. It's been a really chaotic last couple of days of trying to understand exactly what was happening with all of the location changes based on weather, and perhaps rumors are security threats to the inauguration. But at this very moment, president Trump and I am turning around to look. Oh, wow. Yeah. Hey, there He is. There he is. President Trump rolling up right behind us to the US Capitol, where he'll be sworn in as the 47th President of the United States in only the second non-consecutive second term in the history of the country.


I'm Jeremy Boring. I'm joined today by Ben Shapiro, Andrew Klavan, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles. We're the hosts of all The Daily Wire shows. Well, that's not even true anymore. There's so many Daily Wire shows. You can't really shake a stick at them, but we are the hosts of Backstage. That's Right. It makes us feel like a couple of real cool guys. And here we are on a very cold 22 degree day in Washington DC celebrating Donald Trump's historic inauguration is the 47th president of the United States. The winning is just starting. If you're watching us now, we appreciate it. If you're not at Daily Wire Plus head over there for your best coverage, you get 47% off using code 47 plus, you'll get a free $20 gift as our thank you guys. What a day. Oh, yeah.


Truly the end. I think of the Obama era, you know, there was the possibility that that could have been true in 2016. It ended up not being true. Obama was able to really surge back and in many ways be the most influential figure in Washington DC these last four years. Today, I feel that his era is completely vanquished. Donald Trump coming in, in a unique position for a second term, where he actually has a popular mandate where he is, had four years in, in sort of the political wilderness, to learn from both the successes and failures of his first administration and to face this unrelenting lawfare from the left, which really, I think, exposed what the left's true intentions are, not only for him, but for the country. And he comes in an energized second term president.


I, I actually would go even further. I agree with all of that. I think Obama is cooked, but furthermore, I think the Libs are more over right now than they have been in my entire life. Oscar de la Renta bragging about making a dress for the Second lady, Usha Vance. That's right. You've got Snoop Dogg playing an inauguration party for Donald Trump. You've got Bill Gates sucking up to Trump, calling him an intriguing, fascinating man. All of the corporate executives, all the big tech, of course, mark Zuckerberg, and then of course, the foreign dignitaries coming into the imperial capital for a shift. Not just in a a political party, but, but also I think a, a global shift toward the right.


And that's what you, that's what we're seeing. There's also what we're not seeing that I think is really interesting to, to your point about the Libs being over is, you know, we, we've been here in DC for a few days now. I'm told there was a, another Women's March protest, and I saw No, A people's march. Yeah. People's march now. I saw no indication of it. So what we're not seeing is what I think a lot of us expected, which was this like explosive nuclear outrage from the left, this huge meltdown. And instead you get a, you know, maybe a few thousand people walking around. And so it, it seems like on the left, there's this kind of resignation to the fact that yeah, Trump is here. And I I think he's just, he's, he's a normal part of the political landscape now. So the so leftists are having a problem casting him as this sort of abnormal aberration, this dangerous figure.


And so even on the left, there seems to be so kind of this resignation, this shrug of, well, this is, this is how it is now. Well, I wanna Give a big, I wanna give a big thank you to Joe Biden, like really thank you to Joe Biden because this last four years has been total shit. But, you know, aside from that, there would be no Trump too. Yeah. Except for Joe Biden. Joe Biden was a historically bad president. He's gonna go down in history as one of the worst presidents in the history of the United States, in the modern history of the United States. It's a, he is a running gun battle between him and Jimmy Carter. So he can easily say that he's now the worst living president of the United States. And I, I think that without him, none of this would've been possible. So we need, we owe a big thank you to, to President Biden with that. And I'm glad that we'll never have to say that again. 'cause he's not gonna be president against. That's gonna be great. But I think that there's really three things that I've been thinking about today.


One is the uniqueness of President Trump as a human and as a figure. It's just unbelievable. Like, you, you, you get used to this stuff, covering it every day. We cover it every day. Trump, as you say, has become part of the normal political landscape. And then you see the image of President Trump coming outta the White House and getting into the motorcade to Go to take the inaugural oath at the Capitol building behind us. And you think to yourself, man, this is unbelievable. Like the, the writing, the the writing here is just insane. The, you have a person who came from literally nowhere in politics, like had never held office to become president of the United States. He loses an election to Joe Biden in the most contentious election of, of our lifetime, without a doubt between BLM riots and COVID and changing the rules and the insanity that followed. And then he comes all the way back to the presidency of the United States as a singular figure.


There's nothing remotely like it in our lifetime. And then you think about the American people and, and what the American people have said here is that they are tired of the fake normality provided by the Democratic Party. We kept hearing all the, it was the, the pitch was always, Donald Trump is not normal. He's not a normal guy. He's super not, this is not normal. You kept hearing that during term one. And then you got Joe Biden, who's supposedly the most normal guy. He's so normal, he's a normal politician who's super normal. And it turns out everything he did was not normal. Everything, his presidency was a sham because he wasn't even alive. His, his executive orders vastly exceeded the scope of his office. The policies that he pursued were disastrous for the United States, both at home and abroad. In, in his waning hours, he pardoned a bunch of people Yeah.


With blanket pardons that he couldn't, that, that, it's nothing like nothing We've ever seen for crimes they're not accused of. He, he tried to add a constitutional amendment 72 hours ago by, by Presidential Fiat. And then they say that he's Captain normalcy. The American people say, you know what? We're tired of the illusion of normal. We just want normal. So President Trump is supposed to, in his speech today, talk about the power of common sense. This is supposed to be, the theme of his speech is it's gonna be a common sense pre. That's all we're asking for. That's all we're asking for. Even like, I'm a conservative, I wish you were more conservative. He isn't. He's commonsensical and utilitarian. And guess what? That's what the American people want. They want common sense, utilitarian pragmatist winning first president. There's also, as Far as I concern, one thing, the one thing we haven't mentioned here is us, the media, the fact that the left wing media that enforced all these illusions on the American people, threatened them essentially with any violation of their beliefs.


They're, they've been ized. They're going through the seven stages of grief, which are whining, anger, denial, denial, denial, denial. Yeah. They just absolutely cannot get around the fact that they don't matter anymore. And, and we do, and we do for a reason, not because we have the re reporting power they have. We don't, not yet, but we do have the power to debunk the lies that they tell. And we've done it bit by bit, piece by piece, skirmish by skirmish. And we beat them. We beat 'em down to the ground. Yeah. If I wish you guys could see immediately behind us the angles of it steep, but the presidential motorcade only just ending a motorcade, which began before we even went live. Certainly the longest motorcade I've ever seen as President Trump is arriving at the Capitol. And I believe from, it's a, it's a little sunny out here.


We can't see everything as clearly as we'd liken the confidence monitors, but I believe we also saw President Biden leaving the White House to make his journey over to the United States Capitol for the 40 for the inauguration of Donald Trump. We're gonna tell you more about that right after A quick word from our sponsor, Oracle. We'll be right back.


Even if you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, it's coming and fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? Oracle Cloud infrastructure, or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure, database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you are saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, Thomson Reuters, and Suno ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in HALF. If you move on over to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends March 31st. See if your company qualifies for this special offer at Oracle dot com slash president. That's Oracle dot com slash president. Again, Oracle dot com slash president and see what Oracle can do for you.


Michael, you're in many ways the most Trumpy of The Daily Wire hosts. You, you're often accused of being sick of fanish by me Ish Corrupted cq. Yeah, that's, But I do have to say, you've been the most bullish on President Trump's chances all the way back to 2020, that he would come back, that he would be president, elected president again. Yeah. It's a vindicating moment for you. I'm sorry to say. Yeah. But happy for the country. You make a great point. I I do seem very right and handsome and lively and exuberant. I think there's a lot to what Ben just said. This is a point I have been hammering since before the election, and I'm glad to see after the election, which is to me the, the phrase of 2024.


And the phrase of this administration has to be common sense. Mm. Ben, when you say you wish Trump were more conservative, you are speaking in a political ideological way. Now there's a, there is a kind of deep conservatism to, even to the notion of common sense, but there are a lot of people who voted for Trump who did not ever vote before, or who had voted for Democrats who've never read Russell Kirk or Edmund Burke or Hayek, or anybody who just kind of have a gut sense that something was wrong and Trump was kind of gonna make it right. And paradoxically was gonna be a normal president. And I think that's good, actually. I think that's, it's to be encouraged. We also want to apply reason to our political intuitions, but I'm all for that.


You know, I think back to the worst leftist revolutionaries ever, one guy in particular, Antonio Gramsci, who observed that a revolution can only succeed if it holds the common sense. And the left Totally kiss that away. And if Trump can make his remarks today and the theme of his admin that we're gonna be normal. It's okay to be normal guys. We're gonna use common sense. We're gonna, we're gonna defer to the wisdom of our ancestors and the things that have just kind worked out before. If he can do that, he is gonna hold not only the center, right, he's gonna hold the center, the center left. I think he could even expand that new coalition. You saw the executive orders. I mean, he's supposed to issue some 200 executive orders today. Now listen, as a fan of constitutional government, not a fan of that many executive orders, but that is a perfect response to what the Democrats have done in centralizing executive power since the Obama days.


It was Barack Obama, who after he lost Congress, said he would rule by pen and phone. And then it was Donald Trump who tried to reverse many of those things. And then it was Joe Biden who expanded it radically. Yeah. Joe Biden issued more executive orders while he was president than any president of our lifetime for his four years. And now Donald Trump has to reverse all that stuff. And so his executive orders right now are very commonsensical things. It's put remain in Mexico back in place. Yep. It's the, it's, it's from now on. Men pretending to be women are not going to be treated as women. They're gonna be treated as men. This is literally one of the, that's, it's amazing that by the executive order, that phraseology is the exact phraseology of the executive order. It says men pretending to be women. That's his exact phraseology. That is a wild difference. Wow. From the kind of pseudo respect that's been granted to the stupid proposition for the last several years, that Matt, of course has been fighting against so prominently, you know, the, the, the fact that, that these sorts of things were up for debate.


Yeah. And the fact that these are quick and easy wins for Trump. Now, the, the thing, you know, if I wanna speak pragmatically about Trump for a second, the thing that the big risk for, I think, for Trump is that President Trump wants wins. Right. He likes headlines and he likes wins. The one thing I, the one cautionary note is don't go for the quick and easy win over the long lasting systemic change. Because I think that, that there are gonna be a lot of shiny objects where you can grab the win right in the moment. Yeah. But you, the, the big thing that he was elected to do was, for example, clean out the deadwood of government. It's not just to issue an executive order and declare the thing over. I think that President Trump knows that. I think his cabinet knows that. But I think that's also gonna require the support of the American people understanding things take time. He also, he Also has a majority in both houses of Congress, and ostensibly a majority on the Supreme Court, they should be able to come back behind these executive orders and codify a lot of them in actual law.


And if they don't do that, I'm worried that Congress has actually become a vestigial organ, that that is incapable of passing legislation. He's Also shown that he's learned something. I mean, he's staffed his administration this time. He didn't staff it at all last time. And essentially allowed the Republican Party to staff it with people who hated him. Yeah. Now, he's got people who love him. And I think that that's an important thing that they, they keep saying, he appoints loyalists, I think, what are you gonna do? Appoint enemies? Of course, guys, guys in your administration are gonna do what you tell 'em to do. And he sent a lot of sticks of dynamite into these departments, which is exactly what they need, especially in the legal departments, especially the FBI, the DOJ has to be cleaned out this, this reign of terror. And it has been a reign of terror. I mean, let's face it, you know, it's one thing for the media that is protected by the First Amendment, but people were being raided in their homes for protesting abortion, punished for going to the Latin mass.


I mean, if it were only Knolls, I would say fine. But you know, other people, You would enforce it yourself back. I Would endorse, I would actually go in and investigate you myself. But no, this is an, an amazing, has been an amazingly oppressive regime. And the idea that, that Trump is abnormal for opposing it, and the people who support Trump are abnormal for opposing it, it is anti, this Is the most interesting thing about these, about the last 20 years of American government, is that Barack Obama and Joe Biden both present as moderate, which obscures their radicalism. Yeah. They're two of the most radical men ever to hold the office of the President of the United States. Donald Trump, on the other hand, presents as a radical, But It's pretty moderate. And yet He pretty moderate because, Because it takes a, it takes a crazy, and this is the thing I've been saying about him from the beginning, it took a crazy man to break this glass Yeah.


To break this incredible shield of dreams that's been put over the American public where they couldn't see what was happening. And There's also the, we're talking about the political side of it. I mean, in the culture, there's a real massive shift that's happening right now. Yeah. And it feels, it's probably not as sudden as it feels, but it feels very sudden. And so, for example, that executive order with that language on the trans issue is really significant. There's also, I mean, I, The Daily Wire just reported today, the latest poll, I think it was the New York Times on the trans issue. It's something like 80% now, majority of both Democrats and Republicans saying things like, we don't want men and women's sports and that sort of thing. A majority against, you know, transing the kids. And if you go back and look at the poll five years ago, it wasn't, it Wasn't like that.


I will say our company should take credit for this. Okay. Like, really, Joe Donald Trump in 2016 when he was running, said Caitlyn Jenner could use the women's restrooms. He did. I mean, and, and, and the reality is that it was the outside voices in the conservative movement that held the line on this. And we were leading the charge on this. Everything from, from Matt doing his unbelievable work on this issue to the rest of us covering this stuff. I mean, I remember being threatened on National TV by Zoe Torrid 2014. Right? I mean, so like, we've been fighting this battle for a very, very long time. It, It creates a problem for the, so here's the problem the Left has, right now, I think they have a few problems. One is that they run on emotions, and emotions can't be sustained forever. And, and so there's, I I think people are just sort of exhausted. But then the other thing too is, is what are they about? Like, what is the Democrat party about right now?


What's their, what's their agenda? What's their project? The good thing about Trump is he's always been able to speak very clearly and simply about what he wants to do. Build the wall, you know, secure the border. These are simple things right now, I think you look at the Democrat party. You, you were to get a hundred Democrats in a room and say, what is your party about? What do you guys stand for? I think you'd get 90 different answers. Well, Then that's why I think they're, they're freaking out right now. Because what they were about was being against Trump. Yeah, that's okay. That, that's really what they were about. I mean, since Trump won, every single waking moment for the Democrats has been, we oppose Donald Trump and everything he stands for, and we're gonna blame his victory on the Russians or on Facebook, or on some sort of corruption or, and, and then it turns out the American people threw up a giant orange, middle finger a second time and said no to that. So what exactly do you do when your entire case is, we just don't like the guy, the American people selected nothing.


Who is their leader? Who is their leader? You know, I, I like that Trump has changed the Republican party, but even if Republicans hate Trump, at least it's clear who runs the Republican party. It's Donald Trump. Previously, three months ago, you would say, well, probably Barack Obama runs the Democrat Party. I think he's basically out, Joe Biden certainly isn't running anything. He's probably not running his toothbrush in his mouth. You know, Kamala Harris isn't. So who is the figure? Who's the figure in media? Who's the figure? They just, they don't have one. So it, they're obviously confused, which is why I'm so excited about the executive actions today. 50 expected executive orders, and then additional executive actions once he's sworn in. The, the, the thing I love most about it is not just what it's gonna do to the border, not just he's inviting certain legal challenges potentially on birthright citizenship, not just the gender stuff.


It's that he is going in guns a blazing. He is organized. To your point, drew, he, he just outsourced hiring to the GOP in in 2016. But one of the big problems was he couldn't get people to work for him because the brand had been made so toxic by the dishonest media. That's a huge shift now too. The fact that Bill Gates is saying, wow, what a fascinating guy. Oh, how intriguing. We're gonna work together. If Bill Gates is gonna work, if Mark Zuckerberg is gonna work for, for Trump, then everybody is going to work with him. And so he is gonna be able to staff really, really good people. We're Approximately 12 and a half minutes out from the beginning of the inaugural ceremony inside the Capitol Rotunda. You're starting to see a lot of familiar faces.


I see Charlie Kirk in the room right now, several, several prominent lawmakers, Vivek, Elon Musk, already have walked, walked through a pretty remarkable moment in that this is taking place inside the rotunda of the Capitol. Normally you would see it happening directly behind us on the National Mall, on the steps of the Capitol. That's where these events are typically held. It's obviously why we selected this location, but there have been enormous changes and frequent changes and rumors of even more changes over the last 48 hours as the government has responded both to the incredibly cold weather here in Washington DC and we are told security threats against the president. I've given some thought to it. My guess is that you, the kind of drone warfare that we've seen taking place, like the individualized drone warfare we've seen taking place Yeah.


In Eastern Europe, probably presents challenges that we just don't know how to keep an event like this safe in the way that historically we've been able to, whatever the case, it's only the second time in our lifetimes that a president has been sworn in, in the rotunda of the capitol of the last being, the reelection of Ronald Reagan in 84. Yep. You know, going back to sort of the, the topic of the opening of culture to President Trump, I think that the most seminal moment in modern political history was that debate with Joe Biden. And the reason I think that is because for the first time, a bunch of Americans actually said the thing out loud, which was maybe it's okay to support the Republican. You started to see people say, that's right. You know, maybe, maybe it's actually okay, may like he's so bad that maybe we should actually consider this.


And then the attempted assassination of Trump, when you saw people suddenly come outta the woodwork, mark Zuckerberg is saying, that was pretty awesome, how, how Trump responded to that. Suddenly there was a cultural pain of glass that had been broken. And you can't unbreak the glass once, once you say, the guy might be cool, he might be doing something important and useful and amazing once you say that you can't unsay it. Right. If you, if you put somebody in the untouchable box Yeah. Once they're outta the untouchable box, you can't stuff 'em back in. And I think that that was one of the big problems that Kamala had. She kept trying to stuff Trump back in the box that had already been destroyed by the debate with Biden. And so Joe Biden did more damage to the Democratic brand in the last year. Like, listen, I think Kamala Harris would've lost him anyway, because she's a uniquely terrible candidate. And that goes back to, you know, the, the sort of modern media sensibility that you're talking about, drew, which is, without the podcast, without the videos, without the ability to expose people in long form the media would've been able to cram her down our throats 20 years ago.


She's the president of the United States because the media is able to hide her behind glass. Yeah. Yeah. And then just pretend away all of her problems in this election cycle. You've got long form interviews with her that don't exist, and then you have long form interviews with Trump or JD who are acting like normal humans. And that's, that's a completely different thing. So the cultural willingness to now say the thing, Joe Biden is responsible for that. So once again, I wanna thank the outgoing president of the United States. You know, we should, who's awful, we should talk who's awful and deserves all the ign nominee we can, we can, we can lale upon him for the rest of his life. You know, we Should talk a a little bit more about that assassination attempt, because I keep going back to this moment when Trump had covid and he came back and he said, don't be afraid of it. Don't let it dominate your life. And Jake Tapper went on and said, no, you know, it's right to be afraid.


It, it does dominate your life. You should be afraid. And I thought, that's what they're selling us. And when you saw Trump stand up after being shot and say, fight, fight, fight, I think a lot of Americans may have said, oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's who we're supposed to Be. Well, I mean, also I think just we're all religious people at the table. Yes. If you saw that and, and you didn't see the hand of God almost literally come down and grab Donald Trump by the head and move his head this much, a priest friend, to not have his head blown completely off on national tv. Like, if that, if that moment your, your confidence didn't skyrocket that this dude was gonna be president of the United States again. Yeah. I gotta say only, not only secular people probably saw that were like, well, he probably just has good shot of not winning. Great. A priest friend Of mine says, it is a wicked generation that seeks after signs and wonders.


But it's a stupid generation that ignores signs When Mark Zuckerberg wakes up the next day and says, ah, I think he's gonna be president. No, that was because he repealed Roy Wade. That was, I'm, I'm, I'm absolutely convinced you, Okay. You're going all the way. No, I think that was absolutely All right. Second chance. Second chance. I mean, speaking of second chances, I will say that it is rare, and I think this is, this is the rare moment, and this is why, you know, I think that we should approach this with a lot of excitement and, and encouragement, but also some trepidation, because God doesn't give country second chance very often. Yeah. Oh, that's right. And this is a second chance for the country. If you had told me four years ago that Donald Trump would reenter office with a Republican majority in the House, in the Senate, and with sometimes six votes on the, on the Supreme Court, I would've said, you're outta your mind.


That's crazy what you're saying to me right now, given this sort of political situation in the United States four years ago. And the fact that God has given this opportunity, the American people taken the opportunity to, to do this, it means that you can't blow the opportunity. Yeah. You cannot, you cannot, you cannot be distracted by the dumb kind of stuff that, that, that sometimes we get distracted by and political, like the meme coins or the tiktoks, like, just get, do the thing. Do the thing. That's the opportunity. Grab the thing, do the thing. And the American people are gonna be grateful for it. All they want is some sense of solidity in an evermore chaotic world. Yeah. And, and God giving us the second chance, like if it's not seized, I don't think God takes kindly to people who don't take their second chances. I I think also on the right, we have this responsibility to keep our fringes out of the, out of the center.


The, the Jew haters and the women haters and the black haters. I think we just gotta say, no, I know. There going, there's gonna be moments when they get the cliques, when they get the attention. We gotta just turn our backs on them. But the thing we have to, because our, our party has always been the party of liberty for injustice, for all. It should remain that way. We don't need to hate anybody. We can actually do everything we need to do without letting those people in. And something that's very encouraging is for every, you know, if people spend too much time on Twitter, one will think that the country is in a yes rather bad place. Yeah, good point. But, you know, you look at Trump himself, he, he does not really entertain fringes, hateful people, anything like that. Trump, as we've been saying now for 20 minutes, Trump really has grabbed the normal That's right.


Trump. He is kind of like the Normie president. I actually, I actually think this is a terrible, the, the ascension of Donald Trump is a terrible defeat for the sort of pseudo fascist voices on the far right. The, the antisemitic and racist voices on the far right. They've had a lot of prominence online in the last four years, because opposition fuels things like that. And in fairness, When You see, when you see the left ascendant, it creates this reaction. Yeah. And it creates support for a Reaction, especially when they're silencing people. That's Right. Yeah. But it's very hard to have a far right extremist protest against an ascendant and productive and effective right wing government. Yeah. Back in the rotunda. Right now, it looks like people are starting to take their seats. We see Elon Musk, Vivek Ramas, I saw Apple.


CEO, Tim Cook, it looks like has taken a seat as we're about six minutes away from the beginning of the inauguration of Donald Trump, They'll run late. My prediction, this thing ain't starting in six minutes. No, they're Have people, listen, I spent good money on this countdown clock that's playing a timely inauguration. And I have to say, this green screen of the capitol looks really realistic. It's be Amazing. And this green screen is also freezing cold. Amazing. Wow. Well, one of the things that that is amazing is like, we are literally counting down the moments until Joe Biden leaves. I can't get over how bad a president he was. Yes. Like, there were rumor you like, but really it's an amazing thing to have lived through a historically bad president, like a truly historically bad presidency. Two of them mean Barack Obama was truly, historically bad, but in a different and more insidious way On purpose.


On purpose. Right. Joe Biden, Like, I mean, there Were, there were rumors yesterday that leading up to this inauguration, Joe Biden was at the very last minute gonna crammed through a series of un resolutions targeting Israel. This was literal, this was the rumor. There was a meet the security council meeting that was happening this morning, and that was the going rumor. And it was like, that might happen. That's plausible. Right? I mean, that's plot. Any, he, this, some, some, he tried to actually add a constitutional Amendment by fiat. I love that. On Twitter in a statement. He clearly did not write. I love that Page. Do you, do you know why I love that? Did he, the reason I loved him trying to ram through the ERA, which had a deadline of what, 1977. And it was like 1982. I mean, they blew past it 40 years ago.


And so the national, it Was 1979. It was more recent than that. It was more Recent. Yeah. Yeah. And they, they did, they did extend it till 82, but they didn't extend it till 2022. So when the, when the archivist of the United States said, Hey, you can't just declare constitutional amendments into existence. Biden kept moving anyway. But it wasn't just Biden, it was Kamala Harris. It was Tammy Duckworth. You could tell it was an organized Democrat strategy to just Hillary Clinton. Did Hillary Clinton deny till you die? You know, just say that this is the, the case. Why were they doing it? Yeah. Because they had nothing else that actually happened to point to as an accomplishment. And they still think that's why. And they still think the media exists to cover it up. Well, I think they also, they, they have to reanimate the, their going argument since 2012 has been the war on women.


Right. That, I mean, that, that, that was the animating argument in 2012 against Romney. And it was an idiotic argument in the first place. But this has been their animating argument. They tried it with the trans issue. They tried to pretend that somehow the trans issue was a war on women, when in fact it was, it was a defensive women. And then after the repeal of Roe versus Wade, they decided that the overturning, they decided that that was going to be like the big winner issue for them. And it turns out the American people kind of normalized on that, meaning that if you're in California, you realize California made your abortion policy. Yeah. And if you're in Florida, then you realize Florida made your abortion policy. And I think Trump, again, this is one of those areas where being a conservative is different than being a pragmatic politician. Right. I wish that you were more pro-life on a federal level. And also if you're a pragmatic politician, what he did by taking that off the table is an issue in the campaign was actually quite important.


So It's, it's easy to forget to that point that it was, you know, eight months ago, you had the, the, the kind of, the idea, the popular wisdom was that because of Roe v Wade, that in fact, conservatives would be in the position that the left is in right now. Exactly. Total disarray relegated to irrelevance. And that was an argument, not just among liberals, but there are many people on the right. Yep. Who as were panicking over the fact that Roe v. Wade had been passed and saw it as a, a net negative. So the problem, and look How that turned out. I, I agree. And so I think that because of that, because they, they, they blew through the trans issue that's gone. The abortion issue is normalizing. So they ha But the only constituency the Democrats do really, really well with now is young single women. That is the only constituency that they have.


But don't forget, Trump won, try the era A why the hell not. Right. I mean, like, Donald Trump won 40% of women under the age of 30 according to the Associated Press. So even the, the most pro democrat group. Ah, but I said young single women. Right. Okay. So, so the, the reality is a percentage of people under 30 are married. That's True. Even in, even in our day and age, there are still a number of married people. That's true. That's A good point. So, yeah. I, I think that as Democrats double down on that, the big question for them is what's gonna be the next consolidating issue? And, and we haven't seen it yet. This is why, again, one of my fears is, and I think most important thing is continued economic boom. That is the most important thing. Because the only thing Democrats can consolidate around is some sort of economic downturn. They can't consolidate around social policy.


They lose, they can't consolidate around foreign policy because their foreign policy is a complete mess, and they don't even know what they believe. Yeah. So the only thing that they can consolidate around is if there were to be some sort of economic downturn. We're Saying the arrival of vice presidents into the Rotunda, vice President Pence walking in right now, it may have been Dan Quell who walked in. Right. It was Dan Que Yeah. Vice President Dan Quell walked in right before him. So Ben's, Ben's prediction that this would not begin promptly. So far, we, there's still a chance A minute 37. Yeah, we have minute. They're starting. They've only gotta get a handful. I mean, if Carter, they're not gonna wheel out Carter anymore. They, they're gonna wheel out Biden though, so He finally can do, There We go.


Wow. Oh no. Here we go, Bubba. And there's the happy person in all of America, Hillary Rodham Clinton, The, the one president Clinton, the one and only President Clinton President and her husband. Can you imagine just how terrible it is to be Hillary Rodham Clinton? Oh. Like, you're the person who ushered Donald Trump into power, and then, and then you lost to him. And then Joe Biden, who you really don't like, won in 2020, and then he lost to him. That's right. And you, this entire time have gotten to just be whiny. Like that's been your entire career has just been whining, By the way, do you know that it's amazing If, If Joe Biden had remained on the ticket, Barack Obama would still have a lot more political power than he Yeah. Does. Yeah. Yeah. I also, He played such an enormous card only to be defeated.


I agree with Biden that he would've done better than Kamala even after the debate, even with the dementia. I do too. I I do too. You do. I don't think he would've won, but I think he I agree. Agree. I think he would've done better than Kamala. Yep. It's hard to do worse than you did That, You know, I, I, I think that it's hard for me to say that he would've done better. I, I think that, I think because he was so senile, he was so gone, President and Laura Bush walking into the Rotunda. Now, president Bush had the best line of the first Donald Trump inauguration, which, if you'll recall, as soon as Donald Trump began reading Steve Bannon's speech, God opened the heavens and poured down tears from the sky. At which point, apparently George W. Bush leaned over to whomever was sitting next to him and said, that was a pretty weird, I like my favorite George W. Bush moment recently was at the funeral of Jimmy Carter.


Yes. Where he came out and slapped Obama in the stomach. I just thought, I thought I missed that guy. I'm sorry. I mean, I, I have to say that Republican presidents tend to be normies that Yes. W was an normie. He was an normie. And, and the thing about Trump is that he is weird on social media, but we all know Donald Trump. He's the guy at the end of the bar. Correct. We all know Him. No one has ever met Doesn't drink, no one has ever met Kamala Harris because she's animatronics, what's his name? And there's Barack and Michelle's not there. Wow. Nacho President Obama without Michelle or Jennifer Aniston there. Not Having those Erse, notably, I wasn't gonna say it. That is actually, Which is shocking because the other rumor was Of course. Yeah, Yeah. I know. She didn't seem like his type.


Let's put it that way. But, But you know, when I saw Michelle wasn't gonna come, I said, okay, well, it happens. She didn't Go to Carter's funeral, but that was, that was weird. Really weird to see him walk down alone. Yes. Yeah. It, It was really weird that she wasn't at Carter's funeral. Yes. Yeah. Truly. No, she, she signed out. She checked out out. She she's had it. Yeah. She's like, she's like, I'm done. And I don't like any of these people. I'm done. Yeah. Not more power to her. Yeah. She signed out. But the question is of what has she signed out? Yeah. And Now we're awaiting the arrival of our current president for only a few moments longer. Joe Biden gentlemen Might take a while. Yeah. Oh, well, here come the Supreme Court. Oh, the Supreme question. Okay. Chief Justice Roberts. Oh, Kavanaugh Alito.


Yep. Yeah. Go Kagan Gorsuch. Yeah. Only a few more moments before we see Donald Trump enter the Rotunda.


And a few more moments means you still have time to head over to Daily Wire Plus and take advantage of our limited offer. 47% off of an annual membership if you use promo code 47 at checkout. We're thankful to all of our Daily Wire members. 65,000 people watching concurrently right now at Daily Wire Plus, it's a, it's a wonderful experience. We've just launched new technology, a new app, and it's a probably the best place to catch this content. Now, that's never been true before, but we're really proud of this new great technology that we've rolled out.


It's kind of, it's kind of interesting to see these tech guys, Elon Musk and, and Cook from Apple. You know, it's, it's a, a new generation of, of Baron's, you know, it's a new Well, there's also something to, even when you mentioned that Tim Cook was there, I thought, well, it's good. Obviously he's not a conservative, but you know, he has to be there. 'cause he's a huge figure in American public life. Yes. Yeah. Runs one of the biggest companies in the history of the world. And we, we sometimes forget it 'cause we're so clean about our civics. But you know, the guys who run these big private institutions wield a huge amount of political power for better or worse. Of Course. Well, and imagine they all kicked Donald Trump personally off of their platforms. Right. Four years ago. And today he ascends to be the most powerful man on planet Earth.


I think you probably kissed the ring in that circle. Yeah. Oh, maybe we overreacted just a little bit, Mr. President. But I mean, you know, business is good, right? Business is good for America. These guys have built some of the most beautiful businesses in the world. What? And that, you know, it's great. They're coming around the Businesses that they don't have great power to do good. Yes. And, And what, what I want from them is some, some acknowledgement that what they're doing now is a permanent shift in the win. And it doesn't show back two years. Now You impossible all the time. That's not No, I think, no, honestly, I think one of the ways that they do that is actually doing public appearances with people on the right now. Oh, alright. And they refuse to actually like, get in public. And they're not doing that anymore. That's changing Is the Trump family? Here's the Trump family. Alright. Ivanka and Don Jr.


And Tiffany and Eric and Baron, who is enormous. He's tall. Yeah. Octavian Kushner. Yeah. He's probably home with the kids. I didn't see any of the spouses. Oh Yeah. There're no spouses there. Right? I think you're right. I I'm very excited for Baron to change his name officially to Augustus. I think That will happen. Is that 28th? Does that happen? I don't know. Yeah. The funniest thing that's happened so far was the exiling of Kimberly Gilfoyle to Greece. That, that is by far the funniest thing. I'm sorry. It's funny. Like, like you break up with the president's son and then they're like, and you shall be delegated to all. You'll now have that If I could get court of St.


James, I, I might be willing to go. I'm a married man Court of St. James. That's the best one, you know? Yeah. Tough. It used to be when England was England then. That's right. I'm not sure you wanna go me. Make, make Europe great again. You just start by making England great again. That Could really happen. This right wing movement across the west is so encouraging. Our colleague, Dr. Jordan Peterson plans to vote much of the next four years to that particular fight. Really? Yes. Interesting. I did. He thinks there's a real opportunity in Europe. I spent some of, last night I saw mistrust was in town where UK Prime Minister, Nigel Farra is in town. I haven't seen him yet, but he's been going around to some of the parties. So you, you do have Georgia Maloney is in town. You have a Jer was here. Mil Ele showed up. That's good. And Boy, yeah, love mil.


He He's doing great. He's doing fantastic. He's, it's unbelievable. He's doing what he's doing is insane. He he actually has him in the black now. He's crazy. What I wanna know is, did my favorite Latin American strong man make it nale? I, I I believe he is coming. All Right, here we go. I think B is coming. And, And, and my personal favorite Latin American strong man, Justin Trudeau, We really just teed it up. And that was great right there outta the park. That's great. Never as my father taught me, never pass up a chief. I actually was going to say, when he announced he was leaving politics, this would be the first time since 1959 that a Castro didn't run a western.


That's not True. The president of Honduras is Jomar Castro. Oh, there you go. So we have one more to take down. There is something unique happening across the world and, and you do see this kind of thing happen where very akin leaders across the world tend to get elected at kind of the same time. Yes. Yeah. And, and I think that that's gonna bode well for Europe. I mean the, the right wing movements in France, in Spain with the Vox party in France and the national rally in, in Germany with both a FD and the center and the center of Democratic Union. Like the, there is something happening and it is a revolt, a revolt of the people against the elitist nonsense that said, you can open up your borders endlessly and hand out cash like it's candy while becoming weaker and weaker in the world.


There. That was Germany's third try. They finally destroyed Europe, you know, two shots, man. And they figured this one out. But even i, I give 'em Franco Prussian, I think they, they were, They, they, They key us four times Even thinking, you know, that the Brexit preceded the Trump election so closely and you know, Orban and Maloney. But, but this goes back much further. You think of Thatcher and Reagan coming up at the same time. You know, this is And and why is that? Because we are one civilization and America is the global hegemon. So, you know, there's, that's obviously gonna lead trends and I think that bodes very well for Europe. I would like to see the phrase far right banned from the newspapers. Well, I like the word far right. If you're actually referring to the far right.


It really bothers me when you're just like, What? Describe You or me, us we're all far right? We are like the dead center of the mainstream. I was, I remember when you were the AltRight. That was my, one of my Favorite. I was reading about the alternative for Deutschland, you know, the a FD party and the lesbian libertarian leader who thinks that Hitler was a communist. She is a far right leader. I'm, Who knew his first lady, Jill Biden walking into Dr. Dr. Joe Biden. Man, I thought I've seen the last of Doug Mh Hoff and he's still there. I Apologize. Dr. Dr. Gil. Dr. Dr. Doug Emh Hof. There he is. There he is The worst Jew in America. Doug. I cannot stand that guy. I cannot stand That. I I I'm sorry to hear he is a Jew. I didn't realize he was. Yeah, exactly. He hasn't, he has, he's kept it a secret, big secret.


I mean, it was secret until like the last five minutes when they needed him to be. Yeah. Oh God, Doug, they Are running a fairly, I have to say they started punctually. Yeah. Yeah. Are you gonna try and take credit for that clock? I, that's it. I'm Just saying The clock is running saying running the government. Well, no, but it began right on time. Oh, Now you're shifting. The definition goes. No, No, these are like announced entries. There's a, there's a guy with a staff and he says, here you here you the right honorable doctor Jill Biden do, Speaking of how Pissed off he looks, by the way, look how pissed off Jill Biden is. Look how happy MH is. And he's like, I'm out. I was wondering if, if he were sad today, like when President Trump starts speaking do, what do you think the odds are that he'd become so enraged if he just start smacking all the women all around?


Remember at that time, the entire media just ignored that story. That's an amazing thing. That was Amazing moment. Yes. Will the mh h Harris nuptials last her defeat? Will they survive the defeat? I mean, as long as they find each other mutually useful. Seems to be the rule. And Democrats are, And Democrats circles That's exactly Right. Sometimes in Republican circles do, but mainly in political circles, just generally like the, the, the utility seems to outweigh the morality. I think Jill legitimately likes Joe and I think she voted for Trump because she likes Joe and hated Aids. Kamala aids Will Kamala go run for Something else? Yeah. As governor of California? No, you think so? And she'll stand a reasonable chance government because California Doesn't learn anything from California.


Ashes iconic. Which is why we all left California. Literally all Of us the greatest, the greatest state in the country. And they have literally turned it into a dumpster fire. Yes. Because The weather is a drug people, You think Kamala still has a chance and wait in the wake of No. What's even what's happening in California, you don't think maybe there's a little bit of an awakening there? Well, I I'm hopeful that there could be an awakening. If, if California can't wake up after the greatest manmade disaster Yeah. In living memory, then nothing will wake them up. The The problem is the Republicans tend to give up. They've given up on New York and they give up on California. We Republicans could win back California afterwards. Ah, sprint. Yeah, I sure like it in Tennessee. Yeah, exactly. I'm not going back. You Going back. You can tell me why I haven't missed it for 10 minutes.


Stop, stop Izing These darn Republicans who up in California, all I see you guys, The big problem is that they're, for the Republican party to actually win there, they'd actually have to run on the issues that matter. Like running these state Well and crime. And they never did that. They always run anything on like education. Right. You know, is gonna outbid on education. That's a, that's a giant fail. Kamala Harris will run there. And I think that she stands a pretty good shot of winning because you know, right now it's a high watermark for kind of love for Trump. There always is this honeymoon period. Trump's actually getting one. He didn't get one last Time. Didn't this Lesson, this time he gets one. That's right. But six months from now, the left will have reconstituted in some form or fashion and Kamala as running for governor of California.


Now that Newsom has completely blown, it could be the person who says, listen, I ran against him. I, I only lost because Joe Biden and it like, give me the shot again. And the intersectionality, like we, we all think DI is dead. DI is dead for reasonable people. For California is still very much a law. Oh sure. Yeah. Yeah. And so, yeah. And, And Donald Trump should endorse her if she runs for governor. So funny. Yeah. So Funny. You deserve it. You deserve it. I What happened to your clock? They're trying to, well they're trying to find Biden. He's wandered off. They were doing so well. It is kind of disappointing. I like to think that if we could hear maybe somebody saying a prayer or something and be like, oh yeah, well that makes sense. But I don't think so. They're all talking to each other. Yeah. It's probably just all falling apart on me. I did All My plans in this way.


Baron is like Nico. Nicola Yoic. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's like dominating everybody. God's amazing. Last night I was, love it. Last night I was talking to Gorka and Cow. What's, sorry? Gorka is a giant too. Calvin Robinson. I felt like a, a munchkin. I was Oh, I Didn't even see Calvin. Yes. You know, he, he shaved off that Afro. I talked to him for 20 minutes. It was when he walked away, I went, oh, that's Calvin Robinson. Our friends from the Blaze were at the parties last night. We were at the T-P-U-S-A gala last night. All all five of us I believe. And Dr. Peterson and our buddies, Glen Beck and Tyler Carin and Gaston Mooney who are like giants. Yeah, they're All giants. I know. We need to carry around Apple boxes when we're around these Nordic, you know, speak For yourself guys. Right. And Red Walsh.


The problem is that Matt, Matt's actually a small forward but in, in our lineup. He's the center. We're Very, we're a very undersized team. Right. Yeah. That's just what it is. Like, it's a Jewish basketball team basically. You guys do make me feel very tall. Thank you. You're Welcome. You're welcome. I did get get home in time to watch the, your team get humiliated in the, what was the, essentially of the Super Bowl. 'cause nobody could beat either of those teams. We were at our fancy ball last night. I was watching the, the game on the phone. Yeah. And I was was watching Matt get sadder and sadder as the night went on. Oh, last moment was And it was, it was, it was pretty, it was pretty, you know, I was watching Matt and watching his heartbreak and we were in the loudest room in maybe the history. Everyone's celebrating I'm dying and just Matt dying inside.


Yeah. I was like, this is the closing moment of his movie. Right. Like the, the like the camera stands out and it's Matt lonely in a crowd all sat on the inside. And I was like, at that moment I realized that Matt had out miserable me, which I didn't think was possible because I hate giant parties. Oh my god. Giant parties. The passion, man. Is it You must like, you like Giant. You know, I get a kick out of 'em a a lot and I like seeing people you know, who you don't ordinarily see. Yeah. So I've been to about a billion political soiree. Right. What is really interesting about this spate of them, we've gone to however many, you know, and half a dozen or dozen is the, the group of people is unlike anything you've ever seen. Oh. With Republican politics. Oh, so you're walking in there is Conor McGregor. Yes. You turn over, here's some like rapper or you turn over here, kid Rock smoking a cigar inside kid Rock, smoking a cigar in the, We were, yeah.


Yeah. I will say, I talked to a lot of people at the party last night. I have no idea what any of Anybody said. Yeah. You just kinda nod. There was the, I told Matt this, I Agreed to a lot of things. I had no idea. Idea. Yeah. Okay. I said this to you last night, Matt, but this attractive woman was speaking to me at one point and she, she was much taller than me again because Jewish basketball team. And she had leaned down and she was saying something to me. You were standing with me and I was trying for all, for all my might to listen. And we got to the point where she stopped talking and it became clear that she had asked me a question and I had not heard one. No, you couldn't hear anything. Syllable. Not a single syllable. I believe you, you said, I really wish I could have heard a single word you just Said, But sorry.


You know nothing. But even that, you know, these events are, are so schmoozey. That's just what these, these inaugurations are. And, but, but here there's just this, there's the slippery kind of slick DC event and then there's the Just Exuberant DC event. And this is the latter. It's very fully, So I think this was always part of the charm and Trump Yeah. On the way here. So we had to walk for a thousand miles through Yes. A blizzard. Uphill Both ways. Uphill. Ways barefoot. That's to get here. And you know, I, I was just taking a look at kind of the aesthetics of Ville because DC is now Ville. Yes. And this is MAGA country. So Jesse Smollett should have made his case this weekend. Right? He got it wrong. Polar vortex. Yes. This is MAGA country.


And, and you know, the thing about the Trump aesthetic that's hilarious. Is that just aesthetically it's really ugly. Okay. Like the, like the Trump hats, right? Like they they are I love them. I love 'em. But, but no, this is kinda my, my point is that everything aesthetically Trump is 1986 family reunion. Yes. In Minneapolis. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like that's, that, that's Everything at the Mall of America. At the Mall of America. Right. Like the hats are square and boxy. Right. They don't actually figure ahead properly. And the, and the ties are too wide and all the, and all the, all the signs are in like times New Roman font. It's like It's hip to be square. It's like the eighties. That's it. That's the whole thing. That's the whole thing. And so I, and so somebody was saying like, why are we playing God bless America, God bless the US A by Lee Greenwood for the 127th time.


It's like, because you know what? Most Americans actually like this kind of stuff. They like, They kinda like this Kind of stuff. It turns out that the aesthetic of the 1980s, we kinda like it. Yeah. It turns out that Huey Newton Was Huey Lewis was not wrong. We like hug, we like remembering. Yeah. I don't know about Huey Newton. Huey Lewis was right. We like remembering back to a time when our nation was still powerful and ascendant and confident. And our hope is that in Trump's second term, we're able to be that kind of, And now we can all feel like Patrick Bateman like, Hey left. You like Huey Lewis in the news. I'll say it is bizarre and surreal to walk around DC and everyone, everywhere is a conservative Fan. It's, it's like everywhere you go, it's such a change.


I, I'm looking forward to it. 'cause I live, you know, right near here, you know, and it's gonna change everything about my actual existence. I love it. Yeah. And we were Greeted as liberators. Who's this guy? I Don't know. This is a closeup on This. Where's his, where's his tie? Where's his tie? Yeah, That's, you're at The inauguration of the president of the United States. This is one of the, one of the things I Who are you? Oh, He's singing. Oh, he, Oh, he's singing. Okay. Oh, He's The opera singer. Oh, this guy's Good. We had to have an open throat Because I was gonna say, I was gonna say that's very Italian of him, but, but that checks out. That actually works. Oh man. I feel bad that I mocked this guy. Yeah, no, He's, I've heard him sing before.


Can I imagine being In the rotunda of the capitol with the, with those vast acoustic space listening to this, Can I get somebody to turn up my ear a little bit? I'm having a hard time hearing What's he singing? Because he's not the star single ever. No. But at the Trump rallies, he'll sing opera actually, like pretty beautiful Arias. Vegas. I mean that's normal. That's very Trump, right? Trump It is like memories from cats. Yeah. Yeah.


He'll do Trumps This is, he's such a normie, like he, everyone knows Trump, right? Like hi, his tastes are absolutely mid right. They're absolutely mid brown. Love it. Right. It's like, it's like he likes memories from cats and he likes Nest and Dorma. Right. And he, and he, and he likes my way, my Sinatra like everything that he does. That's Absolutely true. He Represents the people. Yep. Yep. He is, he is the avatar of the American spirit of the last 50 years. There's no question about, At least Even in his garishness. And, And he, and he always was, this is the thing that, you know, when we, those of us who underestimate it. So I went from estimating him properly to underestimating him to I think estimating him properly. Meaning in 2012 I wrote a column suggesting he should run for president to the United States. That's Right. That was when he was running, I think he was thinking about running against Romney and I wrote a column in 2012 saying he's the most likely person to win.


Yeah. That's, and then in 20 15, 20 16, it was like, okay, maybe he's passed his prime and he is too wild. And then he won. Of course. And the, the thing about Trump, that dude's been internationally famous. Yes. Oh yeah. For Literally 50 years. Yep, yep. For 50 years. I mean he, he was in rap videos. Yep. Right. I mean, this guy was in McDonald's commercials. He's home alone. This, this idea that home, the idea that he like came outta nowhere. He came outta nowhere politically, but he certainly didn't come outta nowhere culturally. Yeah. He was always a representative of a giant chunk of the public. Because you cannot be that famous for that long without being a representative of something in the public spirit that people actually like. Yeah. He he's what we said instead of Rockefeller in the old days you would've said Rockefeller. You know, now you then you said Trump all, all through the Eighties, you said, especially as a New Yorker, there has not been a day of my life that I have been conscious and not aware of Donald Trump.


Yeah, that's not an exaggeration. No. So when people said he is radical fringe guys, what are you talking about? Yeah. I, you know, he's still Trump from the block. He's still Trump from the block. Yeah. He, yeah, they, I I was watching some movie, I can't remember what it was. It was like a 1993 movie and just randomly they started talking about like, well maybe Trump will be president once Like that would, people would drop that routinely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like the eighties, so it should we be that Jack? Maybe not Roger, Maybe Five or so, maybe there was such a cultural disconnect that happened in the post Bush era. Yeah. That that and Hollywood turned so far left and culture turned so far left that we actually just forgot about the people who were really, really, really famous for a very, very long time in the United States. It also, it also exposed a lot of this law fair when they went after him with all these investigations, I thought they'd been investigating this guy since I was a a child.


Yeah. You know, they're not gonna find anything if he were, if he were dirty, that'd have got him by now. And he's just not that, you know, He's just not guy by the, we Just talk over this entire beautiful performance. I know. You know, he wasn't wearing tie heart. See, the Right doesn't care about the arts. That's what I keep saying. Maybe people going, who was that guy? It's like, how did he get in there? Well, I mean, it's better than the, the Lesbian Dances troop that was planned for Kaist. Oh God. Somebody else is coming. Who is this? I don't know. It's like a mystery curtain. I'm enjoying the mystery curtain. The curtain of mystery. It's the undertaker.


Hey brother. Starts pulling his shirt off. Who are these people? I don't know who any of these people are. Yeah. I actually don't know who. We're doing a great job of narrating this. Yeah. We're supposed, we're supposed to be telling the people at home. Yeah. So great job support staff for letting us know all these people are walking through. I'm gonna blame it on you. Blame, blame it on. So a bunch of random people that we don't know. Just walk, if you're listening, I'm gonna explain in detail. It just happened. A curtain open. Some random people we don't know walked through, But the mid head ties on, so that was good. Yeah. Nice random people. Random people who were invited to the inauguration of the president of the United States Inside the Rota. This is Vance. Ah, here's Our first lady, Vilania Trump entering into the rotunda.


Very Nice hat, very fat snazzy. She has excellent taste. You think we can, Do you think we could put her on some the covers of some Magazines? Magazines now? Oh my. I Mean, oh, it's coming. I guarantee Michelle Obama won't appear on them anymore. I, I guess there's room for the supermodel first lady. That Was, that was the pettiest thing about that. Yeah. Ridiculous. She got like Aubrey Heparin post. No, she's totally got post Bold to wear a hat too. Yeah. It says, it says that you're confident in your sense of style. Yeah. I mean truly. That's a great analysis though. I just wasn't expecting like actual fashion analysis from our fashion. Our straight fashion correspondent Jeremy Boring.


We depend on Jeremy for the fashion. I say straight straightish fashion, The fashion commentary. Yeah. Like color palette analysis, What that means for the future of the country. She, she's painting in bold colors. She's got the, the, the contrasting black and white just demonstrates how bold this presidency is going to be. It's, It's, it's a concession too from Joe Biden that she decided to wear blue. Jill looks so unlike on election day. She looks so miserable President. She does, she Looks absolutely miserable to the United States. Not miserable enough. Congress, I think property. Do you think that's Yeah, I think got what You're I merciful. You know, God comes for us all in That's Justice Jefferies, here comes Secretary is the honorable Jeff Jefferies.


I want you to play that when I come into our room for out. Yeah. I'm hoping for a Charles ii Trump comes, he says, ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, go home president The United States, The honorable Joseph R Jr. It's his, it's his Vice president of United States. The honorable Kamala Davy Harris. She's so unhappy. Wow. Terrible day for her. Pretty humiliating. Well we're gonna, we're gonna go ahead and kick this over to the live broadcast of Donald Trump's inauguration. Stick around afterwards we'll be back to give you more a name, commentary and fashion advice. We'll see you guys there. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Associate Justice Kavanaugh to administer the vice presidential oath of office.


Please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I, James David Vance. Do solemnly swear I James David Vance, do solemnly swear That I'll support and defend the constitution of the United States. That I will Support and defend the constitution of the United States Against all enemies, foreign and domestic Against all enemies foreign and domestic. That I'll bear true faith, That I will bear true faith And allegiance to the same and Allegiance to the same. That I take this obligation freely, That I take this obligation freely Without any mental reservation, without Any mental reservation Or purpose of evasion or Purpose of evasion And that I will well and faithfully discharge and That I will well and faithfully discharge The duties of the office, the duties Of the office On which I'm about to enter On, which I'm about to Enter.


So help me God. So help me God. Congratulations Mr. Vice President. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Chief Justice Roberts to administer the presidential oath of office. Please raise your right hand and repeat after me.


I, Donald John Trump. Do solemnly swear I Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear That I will faithfully execute, That I will faithfully execute The office of President of the United States, The office of President of the United States, And will to the best of my ability And will to the best of my ability, Preserve, protect, and defend, Preserve, protect, and Defend the constitution of the United States, the Constitution of the United States. So help me God, so help Me God. Congratulations, Mr.


It is my honor and pleasure to introduce to you the 45th and the 47th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump.


Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Well thank you very, very much. Vice President Vance, speaker Johnson, Senator Thune, chief Justice Roberts Justices of the United States Supreme Court, president Clinton, president Bush, president Obama, president Biden, vice President Harris and my fellow citizens, the golden age of America begins right now.


From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over the world. We'll be the envy of every nation and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer. During every single day of the Trump administration, I will very simply put America first. Our sovereignty will be reclaimed, our safety will be restored. The scales of justice will be rebalanced.


The vicious, violent, and unfair weaponization of the Justice Department and our government will end and our top priority will be to create a nation that is proud, prosperous, and free. America will soon be greater, stronger, and far more exceptional than ever before I return to the presidency.


Confident and optimistic that we are at the start of a thrilling new era of national success. A tide of change is sweeping the country. Sunlight is pouring over the entire world and America has the chance to seize this opportunity like never before. But first, we must be honest about the challenges we face. While there are plentiful, they will be annihilated by this great momentum that the world is now witnessing in the United States of America. As we gather today, our government confronts a crisis of trust. For many years, a radical and corrupt establishment has extracted power and wealth from our citizens.


While the pillars of our society lay broken and seemingly incomplete disrepair, we now have a government that cannot manage even a simple crisis at home, while at the same time stumbling into a continuing catalog of catastrophic events abroad. It fails to protect our magnificent law abiding American citizens, but provide sanctuary and protection for dangerous criminals. Many from prisons and mental institutions that have entered our country from all over the world. We have a government that has given unlimited funding to the defense of foreign borders, but refuses to defend American borders or more importantly, its own people.


Our country can no longer deliver basic services in times of emergency. As recently shown by the wonderful people of North Carolina been treated so badly And other states who are still suffering from a hurricane that took place many months ago or more recently, Los Angeles, where we are watching fires still tragically burn from weeks ago without even a token of defense. They're raging through the houses and communities even affecting some of the wealthiest and most powerful individuals in our country.


Some of whom are sitting here right now, they don't have a home any longer. That's interesting, but we can't let this happen. Everyone is unable to do anything about it that's going to change. We have a public health system that does not deliver in times of disaster, yet more money is spent on it than any country anywhere in the world. And we have an education system that teaches our children to be ashamed of themselves in many cases, to hate our country despite the love that we try so desperately to provide to them. All of this will change starting today and it will change very quickly.


My recent election is a mandate to completely and totally reverse a horrible betrayal and all of these many betrayals that have taken place and to give the people back their faith, their wealth, their democracy, and indeed their freedom. From this moment on America's decline is over. Our liberties and our nation's glorious destiny will no longer be denied and we will immediately restore the integrity, competency, and loyalty of America's government.


Over the past eight years, I have been tested and challenged more than any president in our 250 year history, and I've learned a lot along the way. The journey to reclaim our republic has not been an easy one that I can tell you those who wish to stop our cause have tried to take my freedom and indeed to take my life. Just a few months ago in a beautiful Pennsylvania field, an assassin's bullet ripped through my ear, but I felt then and believe even more so now that my life was saved for a reason.


I was saved by God to make America great again. Thank. Thank you. Thank you very much. That is why each day under our administration of American patriots, we will be working to meet every crisis with dignity and power and strength.


We will move with purpose and speed to bring back hope, prosperity, safety, and peace for citizens of every race, religion, color, and cre for American citizens. January 20th, 2025 is Liberation Day. It is my hope that our recent presidential election will be remembered as the greatest and most consequential election in the history of our country. As our victory showed the entire nation is rapidly unifying behind our agenda with dramatic increases in support from virtually every element of our society.


Young and old men and women, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, urban, suburban, rural, and very importantly, we had a powerful win in all seven swing states and the popular vote we won by millions of people to the black and Hispanic communities. I want to thank you for the tremendous outpouring of love and trust that you have shown me with your vote. We set records and I will not forget it. I've heard your voices in the campaign and I look forward to working with you in the years to come.


Today is Martin Luther King Day and his honor, this will be a great honor, but in his honor, we will strive together to make his dream a reality. We will make his dream come true. Thank you. Thank you. National unity is now returning to America and confidence and pride is soaring like never before in everything we do, my administration will be inspired by a strong pursuit of excellence and unrelenting success.


We will not forget our country. We will not forget our constitution and we will not forget our God can't do that. Today I will sign a series of historic executive orders. With these actions, we will begin the complete restoration of America and the revolution of common sense. It's all about common sense. First, I will declare a national emergency at our southern border.


All illegal entry will immediately be halted and we will begin the process of returning millions and millions of criminal aliens back to the places from which they came. We will reinstate my remain in Mexico policy. I will end the practice of catch and release and I'll send troops to the southern border to repel the disastrous invasion of our country under the orders I signed today, we will also be designating the cartels as foreign terrorist organizations and by invoking the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, I will direct our government to use the full and immense power of federal and state law enforcement to eliminate the presence of all foreign gangs and criminal networks bringing devastating crime to US soil, including our cities and inner cities.


As commander in chief, I have no higher responsibility than to defend our country from threats and invasions, and that is exactly what I am going to do. We will do it at a level that nobody's ever seen before. Next, I will direct all members of my cabinet to Marshall the vast powers at their disposal to defeat what was record inflation and rapidly bring down costs and prices. The inflation crisis was caused by massive overspending and escalating energy prices. And that is why today I will also declare a national energy emergency.


We will drill baby Drill America will be a manufacturing nation once again, and we have something that no other manufacturing nation will ever have the largest amount of oil and gas of any country on earth. And we are going to use it any use it.


We'll bring prices down, fill our strategic reserves up again right to the top and export American energy all over the world. We Will be a rich nation again and it is that liquid gold under our feet that will help to do it with my actions Today we will end the Green New Deal and we will revoke the electric vehicle mandate, saving our auto industry and keeping my sacred pledge to our great American auto workers.


In other words, you'll be able to buy the car of your choice. We will build automobiles in America again at a rate that nobody could have dreamt possible just a few years ago. And thank you to the auto workers of our nation for your inspiring vote of confidence. We did tremendously with their vote. I will immediately begin the overhaul of our trade system to protect American workers and families. Instead of taxing our citizens to enrich other countries, we will tariff and tax foreign countries to enrich our citizens.


For this purpose, we are establishing the external revenue service to collect all tariffs, duties and revenues that will be massive amounts of money pouring into our treasury. Coming from foreign sources, the American dream will soon be back and thriving like never before. To restore competence and effectiveness to our federal government, my administration will establish the brand new department of government efficiency.


After years and years of illegal and unconstitutional federal efforts to restrict free expression, I will also sign an executive order to immediately stop all government censorship and bring back free speech to America. Never again will the immense power of the state be weaponized to persecute political opponents. Something I know something about, we will not allow that to happen.


It will not happen again. Under my leadership, we will restore fair, equal, and impartial justice under the constitutional rule of law, and we are going to bring law and order back to our cities This week. I will also end the government policy of trying to socially engineer race and gender into every aspect of public and private light.


We will forge a society that is colorblind and merit based as of today. It will henceforth be the official policy of the United States government that there are only two genders male and female. This week I will reinstate any service members who were unjustly expelled from our military for objecting to the Covid vaccine mandate with full back pain.


And I will sign an order to stop our warriors from being subjected to radical political theories and social experiments while on duty. It's going to end immediately. Our armed forces will be freed to focus on their soul mission. Defeating America's enemies Miss, like in 2017, we will again build the strongest military the world has ever seen.


We will measure our success not only by the battles we win, but also by the wars that we end. And perhaps most importantly, the wars we never get into. My proudest legacy will be that of a peacemaker and unifier. That's what I wanna be. A peacemaker. And a unifier. I'm pleased to say that as of yesterday, one day before I assumed office, the hostages in the Middle East are coming back home to their families.


Thank Thank You. America will reclaim its rightful place as the greatest, most powerful, most respected nation on earth, inspiring the awe and admiration of the entire world. A short time from now, we are going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America, and we will restore the name of a great president, William McKinley, to Mount McKinley where it should be and where it belongs.


President McKinley made our country very rich through tariffs and through talent. He was a natural businessman and gave Teddy Roosevelt the money for many of the great things he did, including the Panama Canal, which has foolishly been given to the country of Panama after the United States. The United States, I mean, think of this, spent more money than ever spent on a project before and lost 38,000 lives in the building of the Panama Canal. We have been treated very badly from this foolish gift that should have never been made and Panama's promise to us has been broken.


The purpose of our deal and the spirit of our treaty has been totally violated. American ships are being severely overcharged and not treated fairly in any way, shape or form, and that includes the United States Navy. And above all, China is operating the Panama Canal and we didn't give it to China, we gave it to Panama, and we're taking it back Above all.


My message to Americans today is that it is time for us to once again act with courage, vigor, and the vitality of history's greatest civilization. So as we liberate our nation, we will lead it to new heights of victory and success. We will not be deterred together we will end the chronic disease epidemic and keep our children safe, healthy, and disease free. The United States will once again consider itself a growing nation, one that increases our wealth, expands our territory, builds our cities, raises our expectations, and carries our flag into new and beautiful horizons.


And we will pursue our manifest destiny into the stars. Launching American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the planet Mars. Ambition is the lifeblood of a great nation. And right now our nation is more ambitious than any other. There's no nation like our nation.


Americans are explorers, builders, innovators, entrepreneurs, and pioneers. The spirit of the frontier is written into our hearts. The call of the next great adventure resounds from within our souls, our American ancestors turned a small group of colonies on the edge of a vast continent into a mighty republic of the most extraordinary citizens on earth. No one comes close Americans pushed thousands of miles through a rugged land of untamed wilderness. They crossed deserts, scaled mountains, braved untold dangers, won the wild West, ended slavery, rescued millions from tyranny, lifted billions from poverty, harnessed electricity, split the atom, launched mankind into the heavens and put the universe of human knowledge into the palm of the human hand.


If we work together, there is nothing we cannot do and no dream we cannot achieve. Many people thought it was impossible for me to stage such a historic political comeback, but as you see today, here I am, the American people have spoken. I stand before you now as proof that you should never believe that something is impossible to do in America.


The impossible is what we do best. From New York to Los Angeles, from Philadelphia to Phoenix, from Chicago to Miami, from Houston to right here in Washington DC our country was forged and built by the generations of Patriots who gave everything they had for our rights and for our freedom. They were farmers and soldiers, cowboys and factory workers, steel workers and coal miners, police officers and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward and let no obstacle defeat their spirit or their pride.


Together, they laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and triumphed over every single challenge that they faced. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help, we will restore America promise and we will rebuild the nation that we love. And we love it so much. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So to every parent who dreams for their child and every child who dreams for their future, I am with you.


I will fight for you and I will win for you. We are going to win like never before. Thank. Thank you. Thank you. In recent years, our nation has suffered greatly, but we are going to bring it back and make it great again. Greater than ever before, we will be a nation like no other full of compassion, courage, and exceptionalism.


Our power will stop all wars and bring a new spirit of unity to a world that has been angry, violent, and totally unpredictable. America will be respected again and admired again, including by people of religion, faith, and goodwill. We will be prosperous, we will be proud, we will be strong, and we will win like never before, we will not be conquered. We will not be intimidated, we will not be broken, and we will not fail. From this day on the United States of America will be a free, sovereign, and independent nation.


We will stand bravely, we will live proudly. We will dream boldly and nothing will stand in our way because we are Americans. The future is ours and our golden age has just begun. Thank you. God bless America. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Well, there you have it. America has a new president, 47 himself. Donald Trump just inaugurated in the capitol. Rotunda right behind us in a unique and celebratory for the large, for the most part, ceremony.


And I think that the theme of it could best be encapsulated in a quote from Donald Trump during his 29 minute address. God saved my life to make America great again here with the first reaction, Ben Shapiro. So it's a pretty impressive speech from the former and current president of the United States. President Trump gave a 29 minute address very short for him. It began with him suggesting that this was the beginning of a new golden era for the United States. That obviously is his ambition. And then he recapped the last four years, which he characterized as dark, depressing. I think obviously he was right in all of that. And then he began to lay out an incredibly pragmatic course of action that he's going to pursue immediately. And that includes everything from designating drug cartels, terrorist organizations to putting back in place, remain in Mexico from declaring a national energy emergency to drill, baby drill.


Those are his words to a foreign policy that's led with strength. He mentioned the release of three hostages by Hamas over the weekend. President of the United States also drops some pretty charged language about what he sees as the future of American territory. He used the phrase manifest destiny to describe the possibility of expanding America's territorial holdings, including regaining some level of control over, for example, the Panama Canal, which he said we did not build for the use of China or ownership by China, which of course is exactly correct. The bottom line is this. President Trump said in the speech that he's going to be a common sense president, and that is what you heard. This is a president who is much more focused than he was during his first term. This is a president who actually has an agenda.


This is a president who is ready to make that agenda happen in real time. Now, I, I don't think that it was the most soaring rhetoric I've ever heard from President Trump, but it was some of the most pragmatic rhetoric that I've ever heard from President Trump. Again, it was a shorter address than he usually gives in these sorts of situations. And I think that played to his benefit because again, it allowed the American public to focus on what he was saying. He suggested that maybe the most important wars we fight are the ones that we never fight, which is a strategy of deterrence that he has suggested in the past and that he pursued with alacrity during his first term. He suggested that when it came to foreign trade, that we're not gonna impoverish American workers in order to make people rich elsewhere. We'll see how that manifests in terms of his actual trade and tariff policy. But the bottom line for President Trump is, was and will be utilitarian.


It's going to be about winning. It's gonna be about pragmatic winning for the American people. That's the theme that he kept coming back to. And he also, in the more inspirational moments of the speech, I think talked about what he sees as the future of the country and the past of the country. The sort of pioneer spirit that it takes to cross mountains and, and settle along rivers. The kind of pioneer spirit that it takes that to, to, for example, Go to the moon and plant an American flag on the moon. There's an aspirational nature that's combined with the pragmatic utilitarian on the ground stuff that I think is gonna make President Trump's second term unique and could in fact make President Trump's second term historically unique. It's, it's pretty rare to have a president who's both pursuing the sort of pragmatic on the ground things that are necessary to fix the broken toilet.


And at the same time pursuing the big ideas, the big bold ideas. And it's been a long time in this country since we've pursued actual bold ideas for a very long time, probably my entire political lifetime, we've been stuck in the position of sort of global managerial class. It's our job to sort of fix things around the world or fix things at home. President Trump did talk about innovation. He talked about dynamism. He talked about shooting for something that was larger. And again, there is to his administration a seriousness of purpose that I think a lot of people found lacking at the very beginning of his first administration. He's learned something again, the the key line was one that Jeremy mentioned a moment ago, and that key line was that God saved his life in order to make America great again.


And I think that because that happened because he narrowly avoided being assassinated in front of the American people, having his head blown off on national television. I think that he does have a seriousness of purpose. He could sit back on his laurels. He, he could right now say, listen, I won. I did the thing that I set out to do. I won one term I lost. And now I came back and I won a second term in historic fashion. He's not doing that. He actually has an agenda. And you can see that agenda unfolding in real time. We're noticing as this speech was unfolding, the White House site had already shifted over to a picture of President Trump with the label. America is back. And it's worth mentioning right here that on his way out the door, this broke pretty much as President Trump got up to speak, that Joe Biden actually pardoned all the members of his own immediate family in preparation for the idea that rep that Republicans were gonna go after them.


That's not true. The reality is again, that President Trump, I think is not going to be focused. And I hope he's not gonna be focused. And I think his speech suggests this. This is not a revenge minded administration. This is a forward looking administration that is looking to solve the problems of the American people that is going to put American interests first on foreign and domestic policy, and then again, is gonna be measured by its success. That was the word he used many times during the speech success. And that's always been President Trump's metric of what matters is success and winning. I don't think any of that is going to change in the second administration, but I do think the approach will change much more practical. He actually knows how Washington works now. He's appointing people who are gonna break the things that need to be broken. I, I'm not sure I've ever been more optimistic about the country in my lifetime, which is I think a far cry from where all of us were four years ago.


Our faith has been placed in President Trump as president of the United States again. And I think that the faith of the American people, I hope, and I pray, I think as all of us do, that the hope that the American people have placed in President Trump is well justified. Again. It's, it's an incredible, it's an incredible moment. And I think we are, we are all feeling that. Yeah. Can I, can I just say I, that was actually maybe my, maybe my favorite President Trump's speech of all time, because I thought that it was, it was, it was short, it was punchy. It got to the point. It, it, it, it was hopeful and optimistic in a way that, that we don't hear very often. We haven't heard in a long time from American president. My my favorite part of the speech by far is when he, when he use the phrase manifest destiny, great.


Because I think that we could talk about these practical things. That was the other great thing about the speech. There's a lot of practical things we're gonna do, but then there's also, okay, we talk about making America a great country. What does that actually mean? What does it mean to be a, a great country? I think capturing that, that feeling of let's go out and conquer something. By the way, let's, let's expand manifest destiny brings us back to when America was truly a great country. We haven't had, you talked about planting a, planting a flag on Mars, which I think is another of my favorite parts, this beach, because when was the last time America had a triumph, like a historic victory where everyone together as, as one people celebrated something, probably the last time was landing on the moon, which was a long time ago. So I think Trump is talking about having moments like that where, where, you know, the American people together are triumph.


Well, we Should not divide the high minded idealistic stuff from the practical, pragmatic stuff. I think to your point, Ben, the the focus that he showed in this speech is clear on both sides of it. So on the one hand he says, we will pursue our manifest destiny. That is an amazing 10,000 degree view. And then he says, we are gonna take back the Panama Canal that we built, that we gave up our lives for that. We didn't mean to give it to China. We're gonna take that. He says, we're going to, you know, secure our nation and our border. He says, we're going to label the cartels terrorist organizations. Yeah. That means that a lot of cholos with face tattoos are about to get a visit from us Special forces.


There's high-minded and there's practical, even on the tariffs when he said, we, we are going to rename Mount McKinley to be Mount McKinley. I was joking with Jeremy off camera, I said, and we're gonna pay for it through McKinley Tariffs. And then immediately said it, he brought into his practical tariff policy. So I think the, the focus and the actual coherence to this policy is so encouraging. I was here for it already. I expected it and I felt he delivered even more than I was hoping for from the speech. You Know, I, I have to say, first of all, I just wanna say this one thing. I love this freaking country I love. I just, I love it so much. I love the bizarreness of it. I love the chaos of it. I love the fact that a Catholic and a Protestant and a Jew and a black guy and a white guy are all praying to God together.


That, that to me, that's what I'm here for. That's why, you know, I left this country for seven years. When I came back, I knew exactly why I came back. I came back for this, I came back for this moment, but I also came back for this fight and all the fights that we have to go through to keep that thing alive. You know, this wasn't, this wasn't Lincoln's second inaugural. It wasn't like this beautiful let's come together thing. But even though I believe this is a country for all kinds of people, it's not a country for every idea. It's not a country for the idea that you can cut children into pieces for some sexual, you know, craziness that happens to pass through the university system. And, and their idea just in the same way. It's not ni a a a country for bigotry. It's also not a country to just let anything happen. Yeah.


And enforce it by, you know, bullying people into silence. So in a way, even though it was not a uniting speech, it was a speech saying, we just came through four years of garbage. Yeah. It was a speech. Redefining the borders, not just on our southern border, not just on our northern border, but also on our border of ideas. The ideas of freedom, the ideas is, is liberty. When that guy was saying, let freedom ring, let freedom ring, I was thinking absolutely let it ring. Because it's just been, we've forgotten, we've forgotten it. It's been four years. When the pandemic happened, the fact that people could be forced outta their churches, the fact that people could be forced into their homes, forced to wear masks, forced to take drugs they didn't want, that is not America. That was un-American. It should be excluded from any vision of the future.


I wanna talk about the fact that the New York Times headline tomorrow is definitely going to be most divisive inaugural address in US presidential history. We're gonna get to that after a quick word from our sponsors,


Helix Sleep, who helped make it possible for us to bring you this broadcast today. You know, between hosting the show, being a dad and everything else, life throws at me. I can't afford to waste a third of my life on bad sleep. When you spend 25 years in bed, your mattress isn't just furniture. It's an investment in your wellbeing. Here at The Daily Wire, we're proud to partner with Helix because they're simply the best in the business, consistently delivering quality sleep to our team and our audience. What makes Helix different? Well, they know one size fits all is nonsense when it comes to sleep with 20 different mattress options. Helix understands everyone's sleep needs are unique. I took their quiz about a decade ago. It matched me with a firm breathable mattress that's perfect for my knees. No more tossing, no more turning, no more back pain, just consistent quality rest. I wouldn't recommend something I don't believe in myself. My wife loves it. I love it. We put one in our guest room, now our guests are asking where we got our mattress. If that doesn't sell you, you should also know Helix gives you a hundred nights to try it out, risk free. They'll even pick it up if you don't love it. But trust me, you're gonna love it. Right now, Helix is running a huge MLK flash sale. Helix is offering 27% off everything Sitewide plus two free dream pillows with your mattress purchase. Just head on over to Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire. That's Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire for 27% offsite wide and two free dream pillows. Again, Helix sleep.com/ Daily Wire. Thank you Helix for sponsoring this coverage.


President Trump and President Biden, along with their wives and their vice presidents exiting the capitol here, posing for some photographs as they wait for their vehicles, which presumably at this point will take them to. I think typically what happens is the president goes and has a luncheon with legislators, but things are a little bit upside down this week. I'm not sure if that's exactly what's gonna happen or if they're gonna take him straight to his live remarks at the auditorium here in Nashville. He might go back to the White House to sign some executive orders. He's doing the executive orders, he's doing the executive orders. They've told us at 5:00 PM in front of the crowd at the arena, there's a great photo, I dunno if we have access to it, but they've brought the presidential signing desk out into the middle of the arena.


That's unbelievable. And it's currently set up wow. Where, where 15 or 20,000 people will seem Be gathering. You know, I think that the, the, the optics, because the optics were very weird this time. Right. You didn't get the sort of the big spanning vistas that, that are usually behind that the National Mall that we set up for and spent a lot of money to make sure that we caught on camera. And because because of that, I, I do think that it actually benefited Trump in some ways. I, I think that because the speech was quite practical and because it wasn't nearly as soaring as like a, a second inaugural by, by Lincoln or something. Because of that, the intimacy of the surroundings, I think played in his favor. Mm. It wasn't, he wasn't booming out about remain in Mexico over a crowd of 750,000 or a million people. Right. Instead, he was saying it directly to the American people in, in pretty intimate fashion.


I think that may be something that, that is worthwhile and that that really plays to his benefit. Because the truth is, when you're speaking common sense to people, you don't need to thunder it. You just need to say it. And I think that that what, what he did in that, in that speech, and again, keeping it focused like we had an over under bed that was going to be perfectly transparent with the audience. And I went way over, I thought, I thought for sure it's his second inaugural, he's gonna go for it. Right. Whatever William Henry Harrison's record is. We you gotta put your name at the top of the record books, man. If you ain't number one, you nothing. But he, but instead he actually went really, really short for him. And I think that that, I think that benefited him. Yeah. I think that that, that he's, I'm hoping that, that he's starting to understand that the power that he has is, is best used sometimes as pepper rather than assault.


You know, I I think his sincerity came across too. Yeah. I, I saw Trump at MS which is probably one of the coolest speeches he is ever given. And when he walked on stage, I'd never really seen him do that live, oddly enough. And I had this thought, I said, oh, he's Elvis. That's, that's why this works is he's Elvis and you don't, that doesn't totally come across on tv Well, on tv. When he, he brought up God a lot in that speech. And I don't think it was cynical at all. I think it was sincere. I think that guy got religion in a field in Pennsylvania. In fact, I don't know how you couldn't get religion in, in that field in Pennsylvania. And, and even there, he tied the ideal to the practical when he said, God saved my life to make America great again.


I think he believes that deep down in his heart. I certainly believe that deep down in my heart. And I think it really came across as, as truthful, by the way, I'm gonna say that I think the Catholics won the invocation game today. Yes, absolutely. Cardinal Cardinal. I think the best invocation, The prayer, the best prayers I think I've heard in it in Inauguration. Yes. And, and very, you know, I don't wanna use the word aggressive, but sincere and definitive. There was not the kind of reticence that I've heard. The first two in particular were masculine. Yes. That's what stood out about them to me. You don't often get masculine prayers, particularly at events like this. And now we're saying goodbye to President Biden who's about to enter the Marine one helicopter, which should take off not far behind the Exactly.


I'm trying to hold myself back here. Don't let the door hit where the good Lord It is. I don't know. It is a, it's a very heavy thing to consider leaving the presidency Of Course, but not for us. He's No, he's being, he is being replaced understand by someone who knows how it feels. Also, does, does he understand that that's happening to him? I mean, I think that's a central question. He, he can run Again, you only have one You America's Third non consecutive. I don't know if you were watching his face when the singer was singing the national anthem. He Looked like he was going to weep. He Looked like he was going to weep and not tears of joy. That's for sure. Yeah. And, and they were tough on him. You know, Franklin Grand came out and he gave that, he said, you know, this is, this is a great, we've been saved four years.


Were very dark. I mean, Trump Was, Trump was tough on Him. The First 10 minutes of the speech was Trump basically just curb stopping it. Yeah. It's like, here, here's all the things that are wrong with the country because of what's happened over the course of the last few, few Years. Looking right behind it, Here we have President Trump and Vice President JD Vance, seeing off President Biden, who's helicopter is about to take off. I think probably from our jib shot, we may even be able to catch goodbye you later and be able to catch the image. Well, Bye. Yeah. Bye-bye. Catch you later. Yeah. Now we're all looking for the helicopter to See. Is that the No, that's the, that's oh, That's the news. Helicopter covering it. Yeah. Well, I mean, it didn't warm up out here.


Theoretically, they could have done the inauguration out here. It got real nice. Certainly, Certainly the point you Made certain about security, The point you made about us being a small, intimate area. It made him sound much more confident that, you know, he wasn't en enforcing his will. He was just saying, I'm gonna do this stuff. And I I like that a lot. Even the little asides work better intimately. He says, you know, we're going to stop the, the persecution of political enemies. I know something about that. No, you're totally right. If he says it softly, it's different than if he's thundering that to a million People. That's exactly right. I totally, I totally agree with that. And you know, again, I think that he spelled out some very practical policies day one. That, and if you, if you list those policies, those are 80 20 policies. Those are 80 20 policies. The thing that, one of the things that President Trump, I think is really doing here is the thing that you're supposed to do when you get in office, which is focus on the policies where the vast majority of Americans actually like the policy.


Yes. And get off on the right foot. So when he's talking about border enforcement or remain in Mexico, or we're going to, we're going to go after criminal aliens. Right. He, he specifically said criminal as opposed to like all illegal aliens because he can see the polling, which suggests that it's a little bit wishy-washy about like all legal, like most recent criminal is like an 80 20 issue. Oh, that's right. He picked, he picked a bunch of 80 20 issues. And, and by the way, one of my favorite parts of the speech that we haven't mentioned yet was him talking about the death of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Right. The, the, the end of DEI and the return of merit is a huge, huge thing. And maybe the defining feature of what I, I think the defining feature of what's made America exceptional. Well, in the first place I also wanna buy, I said I do wanna buy some stock and superlatives.


If somebody has like an ETF in Superl, I'm All in life savings. I gonna be a lot of use of superlatives over the course of the next four years. But Once again, DEI is un-American. It's, it's just racism. It's just actually institutionalized racism and it should be just kicked out the door. The fact that, that we have to have an executive order to declare That people are male and female is like, that was, that almost made me sad. Yeah, it does. When Trump said there are only two sexists And from today forward, American government will recognize that one plus one Equal. That's where we've come as And we sort of have to That you have to. And now we get to the practical business of governing. And I think one of the things that Trump has a lot of latitude to do, and, and this is one place where he's unique, is because he has built such a broad coalition when it comes to the actual policy making at the congressional level.


Right. There's a couple different levels of, of policy. His executive orders, I think we're all going to be very, very happy with as a general rule when it comes to legislative policy, it's gonna get messy and it's gonna messy real quick. Yeah. Mike Johnson has basically no, majority has a majority of one vote. Yeah. One vote. And meanwhile over in the Senate there's a majority of three, but two of those three. But, but you also have Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins Pass small bills reinforcing the executive orders don't go for giant omnibus, but there's gonna be three years of negotiations every one of these executive orders turned in. But here's the, but here's the problem, the reason, okay. So here's why that's not going to happen. Yeah. Ideally, and this is where the battle is gonna be. And I think that we need to be practical about it. Here's President Biden's helicopter taking off.


If we bye. If we go into our wide shot, we'll probably be able to see. Well Coming around. There It is. Wow. See ya. Catch you later, dude, Buddy. Wow. The last time a helicopter took off from this kind of disaster was Vietnam. I'm gonna take a selfie with Biden leaving. Pretty remarkable. Bye. Catch you later. Tooles. See it. I couldn't come a moment too soon. All right. Woo. Hey, Catch you later. Woo too Lou, wow.


The crowd behind us equally happy to see President Biden heading back to Delaware. He'll enjoy some nice beach time. Yes. New Hardon Family. That's right. I'll say that some of the, some of the most He didn't pardon the grandkids though. He did not. Pardon him. We can still go after the grandkids. Let's Get 'em. I, I think one Of the most enjoyable aspects of actually being here, obviously it was kind of a cold vantage and we didn't get the beautiful view of the inauguration that we had expected to have, but we did get to feel the rudders as the former president left. And in the exact moment that President Trump finished saying the oath of Office a Cannon salute broke out on the grounds of the Capital 21 gun salute.


Terrifying Been Security forces. You wouldn't have been able to experience it unless you were just right here. So visceral. To get back to the legislative policy question, I think that one of the reasons you're seeing Republicans say things like one giant bill is because when you're trying to cobble together coalitions that are this broad, this diverse, it is incredibly difficult to pass narrowly focused bills without losing two or three votes who can then hold up the entire work. So I think that the goal here from President Trump, and it is gonna take the bully pulpit to do it, you know, our hope is conservatives is gonna be that conservatives do hold up the works enough to actually get some conservative policy in there. At the end of the day, in order for anything to get done, everything is going to be a crap sandwich. That's just the reality. Yeah. And it's gonna be especially a crap sandwich because they can only do this through reconciliation.


There has never been, as far as I'm aware, in in modern times to reconciliation Bills passed in the first year. It's usually one. And so what they're gonna try and do, if they can get away with it, with the Office of Management and Budget and, and with CBO is, is going to be whether they can get through border security and and reinforcement of the, of the Trump tax cuts. Everything else is gonna be executive policy. And that's just an unfortunate way that the, that the government has now come to operate. And, and that's gonna have to be the next step for, for the American people, is gonna be to, to elect a coalition of Republicans broad enough that you can actually go through a normal appropriations process when you're trying to pass a damn bill. That's right. Well, if you can't, then you don't actually have a legislature anymore. Yeah, that's, that is the problem. That's what it really comes down. But that, and that's not the president's fault, that's the legislature's fault for sending all their power away.


Yes. You know, I would also like to see, I would also like to see a bill, if not a law, if not a constitutional amendment, saying that laws have to be a readable size that you, if you have a thousand page law, you don't know what's in it. Like that continuing resolution. They can do it. Yeah. They went from a 1200, 1500 page CR down to 150 page CR overnight. I will say though, that AI is going to change this. You can now, this is, I'm not, I'm not being glib. You can take a 1200 page bill. Yeah. Upload it into grok and grok can, you can ask Rock any question you want about it. It will tell you everything that's in the bill. Right. Instantly. It is. It is a complete game changer. And I think that activists and watchdog groups will make faster use of this than actual congressmen.


We will know what is in these bills instantly from now on. Well, that's A hopeful point. So now they're gonna get longer is what you're Saying is right. Yeah, Exactly. So a huge day we have Donald Trump now the 47th president going in to have a luncheon with congressional leaders. And after which there's typically a parade which would go right behind us, down Pennsylvania Avenue. Now that's going to take place inside an arena here in Washington, dc But we also have big news at The Daily Wire because with this new four year term of President Trump, we're also going to be expanding our news division and really covering DC in a much deeper way than we've ever done before. And that includes having a brand new White House correspondent, which we've never had before.


And now we will have, and listen, if, if JD Vance's remarks on this are are accurate, maybe we'll even eventually get a seat toward the front. Because apparently, according to Vice President Vance and Donald Trump, they wanna kick the legacy guys to the back of the room, which, you know, wouldn't hurt my heart any. But we do have this wonderful new White House correspondence. He's been with The Daily Wire for some time now. In fact, he was with us for a while left and is now back and it's our very own. I know that I said on X that it was all the guys at the Babylon Bee who also would've been good at the job. They would've. But it is in fact our very own Mary Margaret Olohan, who is here with us right now. Mary Margaret.


Hello. Thank you so much for having me back on. And it's an honor to be Daily Wire's new White House correspondent. I don't take this lightly. I'm very excited to bring the news to our viewers. And after the last four years, I think it's more clear than ever that new media is so important. We belong in the briefing room. We need to be bringing the American public these stories and sharing with them the truth that Legacy Media has no intention of ever sharing with them. So I'm excited to be in there. I'm excited to be asking questions of the Trump administration, and I'm excited to be sharing what the Legacy Media is not going to be asking them as well. So big year for us, big next four years for all of us.


We're really excited to have you with the company, of course. And to have you in this new role. You'll be in the White House on a day-to-day basis, being able to ask the kinds of questions that we haven't been able to ask as conservatives in previous administrations. You look really, really cold right now. It is very, very cold. I'm standing outside of Union Station here in Washington, DC where we've been talking to all of these Trump supporters who, like you were sharing earlier, wanted to be on the National Mall for the inauguration. And unfortunately they can't be. But I will tell you, Jeremy, I have not spoken to anyone that was in a bad mood. Anyone that was discouraged, and I might add it is for reason out here.


But they're all beaming, they're smiling. We walked down to Kelly's Irish Times, which is one of my favorite pubs here in dc. The entire bar was filled with Trump supporters. They were so happy and excited as they cheered and watched Trump be inaugurated as the 47th president of the United States. And Tom, who's working the camera with me and I, we were saying it's some of our favorite footage we've ever gotten, these Trump supporters reacting to this inauguration. So really awesome day. And it's so exciting to be here. It's really unique for dc. I mean, it's the first time I've ever been here and felt like conservatives had a real presence on the streets. Red hats everywhere. Sequin vests, vests everywhere. It really is. It's maggot country in DC right now.


It is, it is. You walk out outside and you can hear people listening to the inauguration on their phone. A bunch of teenage boys just walked by us and they were singing the whole like, nah, nah, nah, nah. Song. Hey, hey, hey, goodbye. That Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. So it's just so much fun. And the MAGA hats are everywhere. I don't remember this in 2017. I know, you know, there was a strong Trump presence. But this is unlike that. And I think part of that is this coalition that Trump has built, whether it's the Maha moms or the parents united against transgender ideology or people who are just sick and tired of the economy being so bad and having criminals come across our border. But this, it's a really unified front.


And look, I lived in DC for 10 years. I am not used to this many masculine men walking around than just happy people being here. So it's a, it's a new scene. Well thank you Mary Margaret. We'll be checking back in with you. That's Daily Wire, white House correspondent Mary Margaret Olohan. And we're gonna Go to the Capitol again. Right now we're newly inaugurated. Vice president JD Vance is giving remarks. President of the United States. Donald J. Trump. No, he's right. I looked, I said, oh, look at this beautiful sunny day. We blew it.


We blew it. And then I went outside and we were freezing. You would've been very unhappy. The sun was very deceptive. I will tell you, it is cold out and I'm sort of saying, you know, that was so beautiful today. Maybe they should do it there every four years. Does that make sense? I don't know because you know, the outdoor thing is really good, but it gets a little cold around this time of the year, as some people have noticed. And a lot of times they suffer through it. There was no suffering in that room. It was 72 degrees. It was perfect. With the best acc, the best acoustics I think I've ever heard in a room. This is not so bad either. But I just want to say you are a younger, far more beautiful audience than I just spoke to.


And I wanna keep it off the record. I wanna keep that off the record because I don't want to have all those big shots up there. I don't want to think you're more powerful than them. You look better than them. And I love you Now. We just had a great time. We just had a great day. This was amazing. You know, when you think we took a, a journey, I mentioned in the speech, a lot of people said that was not a journey that was possible and it was indeed possible. I didn't really know too much about what they were saying when they say that, but a lot of people felt it. And we hooked up with JD very early.


I watched JD over a period of time. I endorsed him in Ohio. He was a great, a great senator and very, very smart. The only one smarter than him was his wife. That was, I would've chosen her. But somehow the line of the line of succession didn't work that way. Right. But now she's great and he's great. This is a great, beautiful couple and unbelievable career. I just said to him, you are very upwardly mobile. 'cause he hasn't been doing it that long. But he picked it up so quickly. Remember the first week was a little bit like the fake news was hitting him really hard. And I said, oh, this may be tough. But after that, it was smooth selling for him.


He took on everybody. He took on the, the meanest, I don't want to use the word corrupt because we're into a new system, so let's wait till the corruption begins. 'cause it will. But he took on some pretty mean people and he handled it well. I want to also congratulate Mike Johnson for the job that he's doing. Steve, we, we gave him a majority of almost nothing. And then I said, to make it tougher on him, let me take two or three of the people. Right? I said, he'll only have to suffer with that for about three months. How are they doing? By the way? Are they, is that moving along? Totally unified.


I said, do you mind if I take this one, that one and a couple of others. It's, he didn't mind. He can handle it. No, he's a man that's liked by everybody. I've never met a man like this. You've got two, how many is it two 19 or two 20 or something? Two 20. Two 20. And of the 2 22 19 Really like him. I noticed he got one negative vote once about two weeks ago. But I think even two 20 like him, if you wanna know the truth. And that's very unusual. I know a lot of nice guys in Congress and they have 35 people that hate him. So if you have 35 people that hate you and you only have one or two or three votes, you'll have five, I think. But that's, that's gonna be like, you know, the good news is when we get to that five number, it's gonna feel like a massive majority.


We will. You could be really nasty to a couple of them at least. Yeah. So it's gonna feel like kidding you head on the wall and stopping. It feels so good to stop. But he's done a fantastic job. And Steve Scalise is, he's our hero because you know, I was with him. You talk about being shot. I was with him. He got some bad ones. And his credible wife and she really loves him. You know, you never know about that. I've been with other people that were doing poorly and the wife is like looking at her watch. She can't get out of the hospital fast enough. How's he doing? Oh, I don't know.


He's all right. That woman was a mess. She was crying and crying. No, they're gonna take him. They're gonna take him. I told Steve when he finally woke up, it was a while too. The doctor told me it was the most blood he, they've ever transfused in any patient. They've never done anything like it. And here he is, the picture of strength. Right. And he's been a great friend of mine with a family because of a family. And what a job you did. It worked out pretty much, pretty much better than we even thought. And I did have a couple of things, you know, to say that were extremely controversial. And between JD and Melania and anybody else that heard Policer, it's such a beautiful unifying speech.


Police, sir, don't say these things. I said, I'm telling you it's gonna play great. They say you're right for this group of people, it's gonna play great. You're the only one. I hurt by that. Oh, but we had some beauties, didn't we? Melania? And she said, sir, calls me sir when she's angry, said, no, no, I'm only kidding. I better say, I'm only kidding if the press is gonna pick that one up loudly. No, but she said no. I I I think it's, it would be terrible. It's such a nice speech. I think it's, you know, it all depends on your delivery. How was the delivery? Was it good?


But she said, it's such a beautiful, such a beautiful speech. You can't put things in there that you are going to put in. And I, I was going to talk about the J six hostages, but you'll be happy because you know it's action, not words that count. And you're gonna see a lot of action on the J six hostage. See a lot of action. And I was going to talk about the things that Joe did today with the pardons of people that were very, very guilty of very bad crimes. Like the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs.


Where they literally, I mean what they did is they destroyed and deleted all of the information, all of the hearings, practically not a thing left. They deleted all the information on Nancy Pelosi having turned down the offer of 10,000 soldiers. You wouldn't have needed 10,000. You could have had 500 and it would've stopped because we may have a million people that day. The people that were there, you don't see any photographs. But we have a lot of great photos. But you don't see those photographs. They don't put 'em in. They show the people at the capitol. But I was talking about that. I was gonna talk about that.


They said, please don't bring that up right now. You can bring it up tomorrow. I said, how about now? In front of the very, bring it up right now. You know, this little time delay is good 'cause we're getting great reviews on the speech. Now watch, they'll take the speech. They'll say, I didn't like it because he left there and he's talked to people, but we're giving you a little more information than we gave upstairs. But no, they pardoned a lot of people, they pardoned before we even get to today. They pardoned, what is it, 33 murders, absolute murders, the worst murderers. You know, when you get the death sentence in the United States, you have to be bad 'cause they don't give it much any pardoned, almost everybody having a death sentence.


And if you went through the crimes that were committed, you wouldn't even believe them. The level of violence, the people that were killed, the innocence of people that were killed and children killed by these people. And he pardoned them for whatever reason he spared them. And, but they didn't spare the people that they killed. And you know, who knows what happens in the future. It's one of the worst because a lot of times they let 'em out early after that. You know, they say you're gonna be in for life, but then all of a sudden they get let out for good behavior and then they go on a rampage. It's one of those little things, right? But I was gonna talk about that. But I was really gonna talk about the, the level of, you know, what's going on?


Why are we doing this? Why are we trying to help a guy like Millie? Why are we doing Millie? He was pardoned what he said terrible. What He said. Why are we helping some of the people? Why are we helping Liz Cheney? I mean, Liz Cheney's a disaster. She's a crying lunatic and crying, crying. Adam Kinzinger, he's a super crying. I never saw the guy not crying. He's always crying. I looked at him, I remember years ago he was actually on my side. And then one day, you know, when you don't want to kill people in wars, they turn against you. Liz, Janie hated the concept of of not going to war with everybody. Let's kill everybody. Let's spend a lot of money on military equipment.


You know, where her father works, right? And but what she did was incredible. Think of it. They destroyed and deleted all of that information that went on for almost two years against Trump. And the reason they did, because it was all false. Like the person that said, I tried to strangle a secret service agent. That's one of the toughest human beings I think I've ever seen. I actually had a friend saying, please don't change that, sir, you are the coolest sucker in history. Remember she said, I put my hands around his neck because he wouldn't Go to the capitol. Made up fiction. And I was rebuffed.


And the guy on the right is a massive weightlifter, probably stronger than me. Do you think he's stronger than me? Honey, you know who I'm talking. Possibly stronger than me, slightly younger than me. Like I won't say how many years because I don't want to talk about that. But a lot of years. But I had a friend that said, why are you disputing that story? That's the coolest story I've ever heard. That I would attack a karate champion, get slightly rebuffed, and then throw my arms around a guy with a neck about this big. Even though there are bars, you know, there are bars, you can't really do that. Anyway, so, so I wanted to talk about that.


But all of that stuff got deleted and the reason it got deleted is they were all caught in lies. You know, secret Service testified and they said it didn't happen. Actually the two guys were very embarrassed. They're suffering because their friends are saying, did Trump really do that to you? But they gained a whole new respect for me. But it was just make believe stuff. And there were a lot of make believe stories made up. So rather than suffer the wrath, like the story when Nancy Pelosi, I offered a 10,000 soldiers. She knows that she admitted it on tape that her daughter made. She's a videographer or whatever you call her, which I'm glad she is.


Oh, she can't be in good stead with Nancy. But Nancy said it was my responsibility as she's leaving the capitol, she said it was, and it was, she's in charge of security at the capitol. But I offered them up to 10,000 soldiers even more one time I said more, as many as you need. But you needed four or 500. If four or five you 10,000, that would be more than the number of people there by lot. But we offered her 10,000. Think of it, 10,000 soldiers. In other words, J six wouldn't be J six. There would've been no J six, but she rebuffed them. She didn't like it. No, she didn't like it. Maybe she wanted that to happen, but she's guilty as hell.


And now we would have to go through the process because they destroyed all evidence. They deleted everything. There's virtually nothing left. The other fake story and so many other fake stories. And many people came out on our side and those people now would gotta find him. There's nothing left. So that's a criminal offense. If that were a civil case, it would be a criminal offense. If that were, if that happened civilly where you did that, it would be a criminal offense. So I decided I'm not gonna make this speech complicated. I'm gonna make it beautiful. I'm gonna make it a unifying speech. And then when they said we have a, a group of people that are serious Trump fans, I said, this is the time to tell those stories.


How, how I do that. But seriously, I like to, I think it was a tremendous success. I think we're very lucky we put it inside because it is really cold. We just went to, to the helicopter out of respect something that's taken place for a long time. I guess it's as old as helicopters. You used to get into a stage coach. Now you get into a helicopter. Times change. But it's pretty, pretty old custom. And it's a beautiful custom actually. It's a beautiful custom. I wish we could have had a, a better relationship. I wish we could have had a better relationship between Republicans and Democrats. I was with Senator Schumer. I said, Chuck, I think it's time we all start getting along a little bit.


'cause it doesn't make sense. I mean we literally never get a Democrat vote. They never get a Republican vote almost. And although there is a bill coming up very shortly that we have a lot of Democrat votes, right? That's gonna be a, a very beautiful bill. We're gonna have a deciding, I would say, within a week or so I think. And it's gonna be a very good bill. You all know what I'm talking about. So I just wanna thank you all for being here. You have been our fans from day one. All you've been all these people all over, you've been off of that. This has been, this has been a, has ever been anything like it.


There's never been anything like it. This has been a movement. Like no movement ever in history for probably any country, let alone this country. You know, if somebody's running for president and if they go out and they announce they're going to Arizona, they're going to Nevada, they're going to someplace. If you have 200 or 300 people, that would be standard. Ronald Reagan would go out. I mean, outside of the last couple of days where people get a little excited, but even then you have a couple of thousand people. But if you're going to go someplace, any place, any one of the swing states, any one of the other states, I mean the, how about the Nonw states? We won Alabama by 48 points.


We won Tennessee by massive numbers. Wyoming, we won by numbers that are, nobody's ever seen numbers. And you know, places like California, we did great. But yet when they send out like 38 million ballots and nobody knows where the hell they're sending them and then they come pouring back the whole thing, you know, they passed a law in California that if you work in an election bureau and if you so much as ask for a voter id, if you say Sir, ma'am, could I please look at your voter id? They have the right to put you in jail. You're a criminal. Can you believe that? There's only one reason that happens. They want to cheat. So they had it where voter ID wasn't accepted.


But now if you even ask for it, this is seriously a bill that was just signed, passed in in their legislature and it was signed. And I think when we get things cleaned up and we get back to a little bit of normalcy, I'm gonna ask the speaker to really get involved because I think we would've won the state of California. Because you know, if you look at my numbers with Hispanic, we're 56% and we were winning. We won the Texas border that had never been won as the governor said, he's doing a good job, the governor by the way of Texas. But as the governor said, it hasn't, oh did I get lucky?


Did I get lucky? Supposing I said, you know, he's not here but the governor of Texas has done a terrible job. Wow, look at you. You mean we couldn't get you up in the front row. I'll tell you, supposing I said, JD the governor of Texas, he is not doing his job. You heard what I said. See, I didn't know you were there. I said, he's doing, he's doing a great job. He's doing a phenomenal job. But now you're gonna have a partner that's gonna work with you. 'cause you didn't have, not only didn't he have a partner, he had people selling you a wall, right? We have a fence structure that we worked on, the governor worked on with me.


And I didn't love it, to be honest with you. One of a nice precast, concrete, you know, 40, 50 feet high like a beautiful, could have been a T-shaped y shape. I I, I love construction. I wanted that sucker to go up maybe 50, 60 feet. It would've looked beautiful, A nice y shape. And they said, the problem is, sir, they climbed that like a rabbit. I said, what do you mean? No way. And they brought some of these guys out. They climbed it like, and the other thing is you hit it with acid and the thing will disintegrate. You know, they have things for concrete so they need it. Very hardened steel. Very special steel. And then they did 7,000 pound concrete inside that steel, you know, inside that steel. And then they have a rebar that's the toughest steel made very hard to cut.


So this is why very little is cut. I mean it's right. And then they put a anti-climb panel on top. I hated it. I said, it's so unattractive. And, and I said, why would that work? I don't believe it works. And I went to watch the border patrol gave a display. We had actually two sets of climbers, the guys that climb up walls with drugs on their back. I mean they got like 60, 70 pounds of drug. And they go as fast as you can walk. They go B, BB or we have Mount Everest type climbers. And honestly the drug guys were much better. I couldn't, the drug guys blew them away, right? But it's true, the anti-climb panel, they couldn't get around it. They just couldn't want it.


You didn't have it. So sometimes you sacrifice beauty for efficiency. And we did. So we built this wall and we had, we built over 500 miles of wall. That's why we had such good numbers. The famous chart that came down, very thankfully, the chart that came down on my right Governor, had I not looked over there, I'm not speaking right now. You might be speaking here. You want to know the truth. You jd, you got a lot of great people in this party. But it was, I got very lucky. But we had the best numbers we've ever had. But I bought, you know what happens is when you fill it up, it's like water. You fill it up. Now we have 571 miles of wall.


And they would always say, you know, when we renovated a wall, so there'd be like a piece of plywood sitting there for 60 years or a two by four sitting for 60 years on the ground and rotting because you know, and they'll say you didn't build a new wall here. We're building 50 feet up in the air. 30 feet sections, 50 foot sections. All steel. All concrete, all everything. And oh, by the way, they don't even want me to say this, but what the hell doesn't take that long time? They're all wired for all of the equipment. We put wires in everything so they can easily wire for all of the different types of equipment. If there's a doubt we have a wire whenever we just look, you just find the wires all over the place, up top.


So we could just hook it up. We don't have to have wires on the outside, which wouldn't do too well, right? So anyway, so we built an extra 200 miles of wall and the governor wanted to buy it. He tried to buy it and they wouldn't sell it to him. He wanted to put it up himself. Could have done been done in three to four weeks, 200 more miles. Because when you do it now, they just keep going further out, further out, further out, getting around. So we did an extra 200 miles and it's, it was all bought and they announced that they're not gonna put it up. And that's when I realized they wanted open borders. And that's what I realized, that people are gonna come pouring through the wall like nobody's ever seen before.


But you've seen it. A lot of you are here because of that. I made it my number one issue. They all said inflation was the number one issue. I said I disagree. I think people coming into our country from prisons and from mental institutions is a bigger issue for the people that I know. And I made it my number one, I talked about inflation too. But you know, how many times can you say that an apple has doubled in cost? I'd say it and I'd hit it hard. But then I go back to the fact that we don't want criminals coming into our country. We don't want the jails of every country in the world virtually being deposited into the United States. And that man had to suffer with it. And he did an unbelievable job. I'll tell you, he was a very popular governor, but now he's like an unbeatable governor because of your border policies.


He was fantastic and he really was. So Governor Abbott's great. He's a great man, great leader. And but it did make him very more, did you do it? You didn't do that for politics, you did it 'cause you wanted to do the right thing. But I'll tell you, it sure as hell worked for politics too. It's self preservation. That's right. But no, because the people are demanding it. The people of Texas are demanding it. The people are demanding it all over. So anyway, so we built it and they wouldn't let us use it. They wouldn't let the governor use it. And other governors, they wouldn't let him use it. But he was the leader of the pack and did a great job.


And then we heard about a month ago that not only wouldn't they let it, excuse it, they were selling it. They were gonna sell it for 5 cents on the dollar. Now 5 cents on the dollar then. But today it would cost more than twice as much to Bill. 'cause we bought it like six years ago and it was just sitting on the ground. And that does not do well for the whole thing. But it was just sitting on the ground. And I heard about it and I called the governor and I called a lot of people, your attorney general, and here's the story, they were gonna buy it. And these are great business people. They were gonna buy it for 5 cents on the dollar or less. And they were calling us up.


We'll sell it to you for 200 cents on the dollar. In other words, it will cost you twice as much. So it's 200 cents on the dollar. I said, can someone explain that to a judge? I mean, how corrupt is that? You'd think they'd say maybe we'll sell it to you for 20 cents, 30 cents, but not 200 cents. So they were gonna buy something for 5 cents and they were gonna sell it to us for a fortune. They're gonna make, it would be, they'd have it down that in Fortune magazine, they'd put it of the deal of the year. Okay, you buy something like that. But it was so corrupt and so horrible. And when we told that to the administration, they didn't care.


They just kept going forward. They couldn't care less. And they kept going forward, they knew that they were trying to sell it back to us. They would've sold it back to us. You would've ended up buying it. You would've paid probably 50 60 cents, who knows? But they were gonna use it for scrap metal. But then they made a much better deal. They could just buy it and sell it to us for 15, 20 times what they paid 20 times. Think of it like 20 times what they paid. And we wouldn't let it happen. And the governor with his attorney general Ken Paxon, they made a fantastic good lawyer. He's, he's pushing around pretty good by people, right? He said, you got the, you got a great attorney general, they should leave him alone.


He was with me. And, but Ken and the governor went to court and a judge actually became incensed and, and actually called for an investigation. How could a thing like this happen? So he stopped it. So we're waiting to put that wall up and now that you have a new president, that wall will go up so fast. The governor will complain. Sir, this is Greg Abbott. Sir, please, the wall is going up too fast. Please don't do that. You know the story about winning. No, no. We're gonna win too much. We're winning too much. Please. Let's, people always love that one. We'll do this with a wall. Governor Abbott calls, sir, the wall is going up too fast. We can't take it.


We just can't take it. No. I think you'll be very happy if the wall goes up too fast, right? But we'll get that dude and we'll work with you on that. But it was a great decision by a great Texas judge, right? And it was beautiful, beautiful to watch. We see he stopped them right in their track. I mean they were literally loading the stuff under trucks. It was terrible. Honestly, it was terrible. And he wouldn't take it. So I'm so glad I mentioned that They have a really good governor in Texas. Not, and I swear I didn't know he was here. I swear to you, I sounds like a setup. I didn't know you would end. I did. I get lucky. I said the right thing. 'cause there were been moments when I wasn't so happy with him, you know? But not too many I can tell you that.


So anyway, it's good to see you too, governor. Great. But I just want to thank everybody. You've been incredible. I recognize so many of you so crazy. But this has been a long journey. And this was a journey that started in 2015, probably started 20 years before that. People used to say, you gonna run for president? You gonna run, run, run? And I always said, no, no, no, I don't want. And then one day I said, let's give it a shot. And what I talked about then was the border too. I think it probably was the number one issue for me back in 20 15, 20 16. I talked about the border. And now I talked about the border. But this border is much worse. We fixed the border, it was totally fixed.


There was nothing to talk about. 2020. By the way, that election was totally rigged. But these are the, that's okay. Yes, it was a rigged election. You know, the only thing good about it, it showed how bad they are. Showed how incompetent and, and frankly, historically, this is a much bigger event. If that would've gone. Like it should have, the only, the bad thing about it is some bad things happened. Like a lot of people in our country that wouldn't be in our country right now. So, you know, that's the, that's the bad part. But I will say that it started in 2015 and right from the beginning we went, went to the top that day one they announced Trump. And Trump went to number one and stayed there for the whole primary.


And then we took on Hillary. She didn't look too happy today. We took on Hillary, a very nice person. But we took on Hillary and we defeated Hillary. And then we did much better the second time in 2020. You know, we got millions more votes. We got millions, like 10, 12 million more votes than we did the first time. No president has ever gotten that many more votes. I, I got like 9 million more than anybody else had ever gotten. And they said we lost. And because of that, I said to Melania, what do you think? And she said, you wanna do this again? And and had I had we lost and had I felt we lost, I wouldn't do it again.


'cause that's like the ultimate poll, right? But I knew how well we did. And this time we, we made it too big to rig. It was so big. They tried, they tried, they tried like how in the buck they tried, they tried to do it. And around 9 0 2 they gave up. Last time they did bad things at this time they just said, you know, I don't know if you saw Mr. Speaker in Washington, they had placards. They were all set to March. They thought it'd be closer. A gentleman asked me, a very respected gentleman asked me yesterday, how come the polls were so wrong? They showed you winning, but not in a landslide. I said, because people that are true Trumpers are so angry at the whole polling system and about, and, and at the writers, the fake news that they don't want to talk to anybody.


So when you call somebody from Trump, who are you voting for? They say, it's none of your business. I'm not telling you. And that was probably 40% of the people they called. So they would discard that one. And they didn't show that. And then when the election happened, you know the vote came and it was much different, much higher than we're gonna win. But they thought, they really thought they couldn't believe. The one ran that I mean was so much higher. We won all seven swing states. We won the popular vote by millions of votes, which is hard for a Republican. I'll tell you who came through. The unions came through, the auto workers were great, the teamsters were great, the firemen were great.


I think every, almost every union was great. The only one that weren't great, although Team Sean was great in, and the teamsters, the head of the Sean O'Brien, the head of the teamsters was fantastic. But generally speaking the head of the union was against Trump. But the union would be with us for like 80, 85%. Look what we did with the auto workers in Michigan. Look what we did with the teamsters. The teamsters were unbelievable. They were a solid Democrat vote. And they voted for Trump. So we had a great experience. This has been, now we have to Go to work and get it done because we have to do something that's gonna be great. We're gonna turn our country around and we're gonna turn it around fast.


And I think this was a better speech than the one I made upstairs. Okay. I think this was better jd. I think this was much better. And I got to see my friend, so Governor, take care of yourself, you call me, we'll start working. You know what that means with him. He's gonna be calling me tomorrow morning at about six. And I said, how about next week you call me and we're gonna get it started real fast. We'll really help you a lot. You've done a fantastic job protecting something we just, it's not supposed to be for the states. And amazing job you've done. Thank you very much. And I want to thank everybody. And I have a first lady who's been incredible, I shouldn't say this, I'm gonna get hell when I say this, but her feet are absolutely aching.


You know those heels. And we thought we were leaving, we were going home. Sir, would you be able to go down and say hello to some of your other fans that are here? I said, oh, I didn't know that. Well did you get to see pretty clearly the picture? I hope. Good. That's good. But 'cause you wouldn't wanna make the same speech again. Right? But she said, darling, I love you so much, but my feet are killing me. I said, honey, let me just see how far does I ask the person? Oh, not that long. Maybe four or 500 yards. That's five football fields. I said, can you make it? She said, we're gonna make it no matter what.


We're gonna make it because we have to get right. Right. And then we went out to the helicopter though just prior to this and said goodbye. And it's a custom. And the wind is blowing like crazy. And with the hat that she is wearing, she almost blew away. We almost lost off her. Thank you. She was being elevated off the ground. She almost blew away. No. So we all appreciate it. 'cause you, she's been a great first lady, a beautiful and a great first lady. And they love our first lady. You know, jd, whenever I make a speech, I see hundreds of times we love our first lady we love and they do and they should.


She's great. So I just want to thank you. Thank you very much. I just wanna thank everybody and I felt that, I said to jt, should we give them the A treatment, the B treatment, the C, the D or the F, you know what the F is. Hello everybody. Thank you for being here. Bye-bye. I gave you the A plus treatment. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you Governor. Thank you all very much. There's just never been anybody like the gun. No. Amazing. We, we've been the, the president of the United States giving a second inaugural address off the cuff in the overflow room for people who didn't make it into the inaugural, into the capitol rotunda for the inauguration, which included governors and legis and, and I dunno about legislators, but many other dignitaries.


The speech started sort of like the interview with the quarterback after the game. A playbook, A post game interview. A post Post game interview. And then turned into praise for Congratulation of I think all of human history. Yes. But a very per, very personally aimed at Governor Abbott of Texas. Yeah. And then very funny remarks about First Lady Melania Trump. My favorite part was him making fun of his wife's Hat. Yeah, That's, Oh that's, that's Funny of your wife's har in a that Is dangerous. And then he finishes up. That is what people love though. The fact that not only was it inside baseball on the post game interview. Yeah. What'd you guys think about this? If the thing upstairs, but then even he did a post that speech.


Speech and this speech, I didn't know what I was gonna give you. Okay. A, B, C, D, F, you know what I gave you all the a plus Treatment. Bye. So we're gonna talk about the media's reaction to the president's first speech, which is already starting to happen. And you will not be surprised to hear that they aren't very happy, truly a unique inauguration. Yep. And it was in a way, I mean as the media is saying, it was a divisive speech and it was somewhat divisive for an inaugural address. I mean, you, one interesting thing about having a non-consecutive second term is that you have a president who does have a grievance. Yeah. He's coming into, he's coming into his second term, not fresh off of his first.


Yeah. But having been, he believes unjustly defeated in the election. I think we all agree unjustly, persecuted, and even prosecuted by the government since the time of, of his presidency. And so he threw some jabs. Yeah. I I think that, you know, not to, not to steal Michael Schick of, of citing annoying philosophers, but you know, the, the Hegelian synthesis never takes place here. Right? So normally you say there's thesis, antithesis, synthesis, right? You have like one thing and then it's opposite and then they come together in the third thing. Well what if it just went thesis, antithesis, thesis, thesis? 'cause that's what we just did with the, with the presidency. And I think that's the thing that, that President Trump is saying. I think what he's saying is, listen, you know, my idea is one Yeah.


My idea is one. Right? You tried my ideas and then you tried the opposite ideas. Yeah. And then my ideas won. And so why would I stand up here and pretend that there's some sort of coming together around the ideas that lost to me? You tried it, you tried it, you gotta to see both sides. And then you guys decided with all the bad things on the table, it wasn't as though anything was hidden in this election cycle. We had everything. Right. We had a full laundry. We had, we had a full airing of grievances about January 6th and we had a full airing of grievances about covid now about BLM and about trans and all that stuff. And you chose me. And because you chose me, now I get to say the thing, which is I won. This is not an experiment. That's right. Yeah. I won. Yeah. So here's what I'm going to do now that I won and all the things that were bad that you hated. And I, I think that there was a tacit acknowledgement by President Trump that one of the reasons he's back is because Joe Biden.


Yeah. Right. Is because Joe Biden, I mean my heart, my my heart soared a couple of times today. One was when, when President Trump actually took the oath of office and Joe Biden was no longer president. And the other was when we all personally saw the helicopter take off. When the helicopter took off a, a load was lightened from my heart. And suddenly like really? Because every day you woke up in Joe Biden's America and it was a what bad thing is this terrible person going to do to the country today, Literally 15 minutes before Yes, he ceased to be the president. He pardoned his entire immediate family, which is one of the most corrupt and now precedent setting events that we've witnessed in our Lifetime. In 20, in 2020, he literally said, you should not do this. Yes. He said, because there was talk then that Trump was gonna do this on his way out of office.


And Biden is like, you can't do that. That's terrible. And norm's defying. And now he uses Trump as an excuse to pardon his entire family. Well, I mean, here's the thing. Once you do that, that's right. Then you have now ex you have basically excused all criminality by all first families for the rest of time this will now be Dere Gore. This goes back to the divisiveness of the speech. You know, Barack Obama, the great deceiver was deceived Americans by saying mostly we fight over the 50 yard line. That was true until Barack Obama, you know, and the thing is, it's not like he's taking over from somebody who increased the welfare state a little bit or you know, had some programs that we didn't like or something like that. He's talking about people who are actually not just, and not just corrupt, but oppressive anti-American.


We're teaching our children anti-Americanism. He, there's no reason to include them. And the fact, you know, we were sitting around thinking, saying, oh, the New York Times just said, what a dark picture he painted American. I thinking nobody cares what you say. Yeah. Nobody cares what you say dark For you, I guess do Not represent the people. And the thing about the pardons too is that the, the precedent that it sets for such a frivolous reason. Because Yeah, it's not even as though, and we all know this and Biden knows this. Trump was not gonna go after any of these people. He wasn't gonna go after the Biden family was not gonna happen in a million years. The only reason Biden's doing it is just as a last little political stunt to try to make it seem as though Trump is this vengeful dictator who is gonna try to put his whole family in prison. I'm not, I'm not sure about that.


I think he did it because he had to do it because he had pardoned Hunter. I think he pardoned Hunter and then all of his other kids were like, well now they're gonna come after me. There, there is this weakness that, but Liz Cheney Fauci, I mean Mark Millie, well yeah. Chairman of the joint Chief's crazy. No, that, that, that's a valid, I do think that he has built up Biden's. He had to have some sort of world shaking excuse for why he wanted to run again. Because the, the tacit bargain of his election in 2020 was that he was only gonna serve one term. Yeah. Yes. And he got, and he could, and I mean he almost said it clearly during the campaign. Yeah. And then he basically changed his mind. 22 A transitional president. Correct. And, and, and then in 2022, he changed his mind and he decided he was gonna run again. So the question became, what is the thing that is motivating you to run again?


And he basically said it's that the tyranny that Donald Trump is going to bring upon the world Yeah. Is the reason I must run again. And so he can't let go of that idea. Yeah. He can't let go of it because the minute he lets go of it, then it really defies why he supposedly ran in, in, in the second place. Right. And so he has to keep maintaining that myth. I think people can't handle cognitive dissonance and Biden is no exception to this. And so he had, he had to just keep maintaining the facade that if he had not pardoned everyone in a 300 mile radius, then Donald Trump was gonna go after everyone. By the way, Anthony Fauci actively suppressed, actively used the power of government to suppress actually good information being put out by the very guy who's gonna end up leading the N nih Jay Bachar. And the the people he's pardoning did terrible, terrible things.


They really did. Yeah. And, and if, if you, if he says that he trusts the legal system, which he clearly does not, then he wouldn't have done this. That's right. It exposes the whole fraud of what he was and what the system is It also by these blanket pardons for crimes, no one's even been accused of a crime. Yeah. I mean there are, there's no investigation into fauci. No charges have been brought against Fauci. When you pardon someone for a hypothetical crime, you are removing the power of the people to have any transparency into their government. It's also to have any justice within the government. The Constitution says he can pardon people who have committed offenses against the federal government. And the archivist says that that means you have to have committed a crime to, to Get a pardon.


Does the Nixon precedent though ameliorate that somewhat had Nixon, Nixon hadn't been, hadn't been charged with the Crime. That that is the one exception I think except, well I guess Jimmy Carter pardoned all the draft dodgers, even even those who hadn't been Prosecuted. But but it was a narrow Pardon? It was not blanket Yes. A blanket Pardon? When Jimmy Carter specific thing that they did Yes. He pardoned them for dodging the draft. He didn't say anything that you may have done here to for Right. Has now been pardoned. Yeah. That's point. No, it's crazy. I mean it's, it's, it's the, it's the letter from the Three Musketeers. Right. The bearer has been, has done what has Been done. Right. It's, it's an insane thing to blanket pardon Hunter. Especially because I mean, for all I know Hunter may have, you know, committed the arson in Los Angeles given the fact that allegedly, you know, all of his paintings were insured and No One, that's a joke guys.


It's not real. Okay. 200 paintings in today. Who's the insurance Company On that? So a few months ago that was about $50 billion in, in art value. And today I think it's worth less than the canvas they were Painted on. What was it? Ne Niro said, what an artist the world loses in me. That's like Hunter Bot And Fauci probably is complicit in one of the great crimes in human history is the truth. I mean, it's easy to blame the Chinese because the virus came out of China. Fauci was almost certainly financing that and helping To Find he was demonstrably financing the type of research Yeah. That was involved in the release of, Of Covid. I mean, honestly, even you put that stuff aside that the thing that that Fauci did to shut down any possible dissemination of information or alternative points of view.


Yeah. That regard to shutting down the entirety of the country. That's the part that to me is, is if not borderline criminal, actually criminal. I mean that's, that, that's, that is, that is a wild thing that happened. And you can kind of feel the stain of the last four years washing away. It's gonna be, it will be fascinating to kind of think what the legacy of Joe Biden will be 10 years from now, or even to, I, like, we've, I think we all forgot he was pr for example, It's my next blind vote. I think We, we forgot he was president the day that the election was over. That's right. The entire world treated Donald Trump like he was president. Joe Biden was an afterthought. Yeah. I mean there were deals happening in the Middle East and Joe Biden just wasn't even a part of it. I I think it goes beyond that. People stopped treating Joe Biden as the president the moment Kamala Harris announced for the president's. Right. He disappeared off the stage of history.


But You heard Mike Johnson's story about the fact that he didn't even know what executive order he'd signed. It's a truly terrifying, it's a terrifying account. Yeah. And from a very credible source. And, And nobody has a, none of the press Corps has bothered to try to find out who's running the country. You Know, and Biden Biden did an interview, I forgetting what publication maybe a month ago where he was asked in the interview, well, could you have even served another four years? And his answer in that interview was, well, well, well, who knows? So no one knows the future. So Fi finally, he admits that, you know, long after the fact. And one, one of the things I think though, that we, we should do, and this here I'm gonna, I'm gonna tout a Jeremy boring original idea. This is, this is an idea that I asked out. It's like congressional leadership as well. What Democrats have demonstrated over the course of the last four years, if you didn't already know it under Barack Obama, is they do not care about the institutions laws and rules of the United States.


Right. They do not care about them at all. At all. And so what Jeremy has proposed, and I think it's quite a good idea, is that one of the key institutions that's upholding the, the capacity of the United States to, to function is the filibuster in the Senate. And we know for a fact that the Democrats were gonna nuke that filibuster if they got ahold of the Senate, the presidency. Yeah. They, they, they were going to do it. And so what Jeremy's proposed, and he, he, if you want to lay it out, you can, but I'm gonna do it faster. So in any case, the the, the basic idea that Jeremy Pro, which is a good one, is that the Republicans in the Senate should propose a constitutional amendment to enshrine the Senate filibuster in the Constitution. And if it's not cleared in 18 months, they should nuke it. Meaning that either, either we're all on board or we're not On board. Yeah. Let's go. Do we wanna preserve our norms, then let's do it.


If not, we're not just gonna wait for you to be one Because guaranteed the next time the Democrats have power, they're gonna kill it. You know, by by saying that if we don't do it, the Republicans will, which is exactly the, the shtick always the, this is the shtick. But you know, nature is beginning to heal. The sun is out, the sun is shining, the birds are tweeting. It's like the end of a Disney movie. Right. It's Like truly before they off character, the old Disney movie. It is actually true that on the, in the moment that President Trump gave his acceptance speech in 2016, it began to rain. And as soon as he started giving his speech to today, the sun came out. God's, God's writing is like God's writing is on the news. On the news. It is a great day for the country. And one of the things that's important to me is that people remember you're not gonna get everything you want.


Every president is a mixed bag. Donald Trump will be a mixed bag. You're gonna get things that you want, you're gonna get things that you don't want. There's gonna be disappointments, there's gonna be failures, there's gonna be unforeseen challenges. But you know, who would not have been a mixed bag? Kamala Harris. She just would've been the bag. And just in winning Donald Trump has changed the course of our nation's history. And so when the challenges come that are in front of us, when the disappointments come in front of us, when he does things that don't feel like what you thought you were supporting. When we get policy that won't be as good on economics is maybe what Ben and I, free economics is what Ben and I would like, or when he has to kill some people overseas and Tucker Carlson gets apoplectic because only our enemies say that we should kill people overseas or whatever bull that happens.


Just know that we do live in a better world than the world we would've lived in had this not happened. And that's not to say that Trump isn't going to do great things. I think he is. I think the beauty of a non-consecutive term is that he comes in empowered instead of it's not a stay the course to Ben. Your point is great. He doesn't just have a popular mandate because he won the popular vote. He has a popular mandate because a stark choice was given to people in the timeline and they chose Trump's policies. And so I think he's gonna have a very energetic second term. But whatever the outcome of it is, it is a far, far better day today than it would've been if we were swearing in either a second term of Joe Biden or a first term of Kamala Harris.


The next four years are ours. All of the opportunity is on our side if we will just seize it. So let's seize it.


Thanks for hanging out with us today at Daily Wire Plus we're gonna be bringing you more coverage throughout the day if you're a subscriber. Thank you very much. You make this possible. If not, we do still have that 47% off using promo code 47 at Daily Wire Plus we'll look forward to seeing you next time in Donald Trump's America.


Are you looking for a better quality meat? Good Ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using Code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed, oil free chicken nuggets, or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code Daily Wire. Good ranchers, American Meat delivered.