
Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few, because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


Welcome to the Daily Wires 2024 Election Night Coverage. I'm joined by our backstage pals, Ben Shapiro, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavan, Matt Walsh. We're gonna be going through this with you in real time, bringing you real time updates. As polls close as we get information, we'll bring it to you. There'll be wild speculation, of course, largely from Andrew. There'll be comedy, the comedy stylings of Matt Walsh, and we'll just try to survive until the election is over. Sometime between now and the certification on January 6th, we'll take turns. Stepping out, grabbing cat naps. It's never going to end people.


It's never going to end. By the way, a couple of quick announcements. According to Decision Dust HQ Trump has now won South Carolina. I know it was a shock. Hey, All right. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris has won Vermont in response. I know you, I know you're worried about that one. Trump has also, according to the Associated Press, won Indiana, Hey, hey, and Trump won Kentucky. Let's start drinking. So basically 49 states for Trump. What outta here is current is the current projection right now. Well, actually right now, let's hear from Mary Margaret Olohan. She is at Trump HQ in West Palm Beach. Mary Margaret, good to talk to us. Good to talk to you actually. I mean, I'm sure you're pleased to talked to us as well. Give us a sense of what it's like down there right now. Hey, Ben, and of course it's an honor to talk to you all down here in Palm Beach where we are at Trump headquarters.


You can see behind me, there's a whole bunch of people congregating, anybody who is, anybody who wants to be here tonight and be in Trump's Election Night party as they prepare, hopefully for a victory. And we've been talking to a lot of people on the ground here trying to get a sense of what's going on. I can, I can tell you the atmosphere is very hopeful, very excited. People are on edge, but I would say in a good way, they're just, they're really amped up for tonight. So we're gonna be here, we're gonna be talking to everyone and getting a sense for where this is going. So, how relaxed or nervous are they in the room? Are they, are they concerned? Are you getting like nerves or is everybody just basically opening it up? Are they, are they ready and rear to party already? Well, you know, these, these people are all from DC or they're from Florida.


They're always ready to party. But when we ask people, how are you feeling? When we ask people, how are you feeling? How's it going? What are you thinking about the race? What they'll tell you is they're quote unquote, cautiously optimistic. I've been emailing or texting with a whole bunch of different Trump advisors, and what they're telling me is they're feeling good, but they're still pushing people to get out to the polls. And that's what one advisor told me, not even five minutes ago. So the push is, get to the polls. Get to the polls. We want every single vote. We wanna make every single vote count. That's what Trump himself was saying last night in Michigan. He was saying, we've done the work, we've done the campaigning, we've gotten our message out. Now it's up to you guys to get to the polls and to make America great again. So Mary, we know that you've been closely following Trump's movements over the past few days.


Where is he right now? I mean, I assume he's in the back somewhere in Mar-a-Lago. Yeah, so he's over at Mar-a-Lago with his close circle. His close knit friends we're told that they're all gonna come over here if he wins, hopefully if he doesn't win as well. But we know that he'll be over here if he does in fact win, there's gonna be a whole party, they're gonna be celebrating, and we're hearing that top Trump surrogates are gonna be coming here as well. So people are starting to trickle in. It's exciting to talk to them, hear what they think about how this race is going. And you know, the night is still very young. So the people we talk to are just very hopeful and excited. And obviously when it comes to Florida, everyone's excited there because it's the best state in America. It's, it's not just because it's where I live, mostly because it's where I live, but also the results are already coming in from Florida.


Florida is currently 42% in Donald Trump has about a 200,000 vote lead on Kamala Harris got 52% are 47.1%. And Jill Stein bringing up third place with 16,000 votes, the Jill Stein vote coming in strong across the country. So Mary, you know, does the Trump campaign, you know, have any idea as to, you know, how long this is gonna take? And that's the big question everyone's asking is are we gonna be here for the next like eight days? What, what are you getting a sense of there? Yeah, So nobody seems to know the answer to that, Ben. And we've been asking a lot of people, I think we're all hoping this will be over very quickly. You know, I was texting Donald Trump Jr earlier, asking him how he's feeling about the race. And he told me he thinks things are looking good as long as there's no quote unquote bs.


So, we'll, it remains to be seen how this night will go if we're gonna be in a long drawn out process. But I, I think the answer is no one knows. And and that's really the situation right now. Well, Mary Margaret, it's good to talk to you. I'm sure we'll check back in with you quite shortly as the night progresses. It's, you know, enjoy yourself, you know, drink heavily, but, and I, I didn't give you permission to do that. That's an HR violation. Anyway, have a good time over there in, in Florida. Well, thank you. I will. I got the good assignment. So we're having A great night, folks.


Daily wires footprint at the Trump headquarters was made possible at PS Debt. Get a custom plan to become debt free right now at PDs debt.com/daily wire. It only takes 30 seconds. That's ps EB t.com/daily wire PDs dot.com/daily wire.


And now a bunch of people are in seats that they were not in before. It's just, it's, it's like a magic trick. Every time we come back, there is somebody who has inhabited a different body. So we have Clay Travis, who has joined us in his most elegant regalia. I did. Yes. And did I not get the memo on the velvet thing though? I, I saw your velvet. I've had this, unfortunately the last time I was sitting with all of you was two years ago. Yeah. That, and I was super optimistic on that night. Take it off, Get it, Get it. I'll get you a gene tank. Well, I'm either gonna be like a, I I'm gonna be a kid rock's honky tonk tonight. So it's gonna be one of the most amazing nights ever. And I'm gonna be on the stage like Donald Trump has won and now Kid Rock. And I'm gonna be like, this is a, i one of the great nights of my life, or I'm gonna be like the fan who paints his face and then the camera finds him when the team is lost by like three touchdowns.


You like To bear, man, at the very end of that game. Yeah. You're A grown man who painted his face and you're like, I've just gotta question a lot of my s Are you, are you optimistic though? How are you feeling? I, I am optimistic. The more we get into the votes coming in, the less optimistic I am. I don't know if, does that make sense? Yes, it does. Like, I, I wanted, we've only had one race in the 21st century where I think both sides said, you know what? I agree with the outcome. 2008, at least b Barack Obama won comfortably. And it feels to me like we're gonna be in another one of these, Hey, if we had made that field goal, man, we would've won if we miss a field goal. And it feels like that's basically every race in the 21st century. So I, I was hoping, and I still do have some hope that Trump might have really kind of punched through and, and it's all anecdote, but I bet you guys are similar.


I know people who didn't vote Trump in 1620 and are voting Trump in 24. Like I know a lot of those people. The hardest part for, for people like me, since I, I don't trust feelings. Feelings are bad. Yes. And it's all anecdotal. That's the problem. Yes. I can, you know, I'll, I'll get, I'll get high, like with the anecdotal evidence, I'll be walking around somewhere and somebody who I'd never expect will come outta the woodwork and be like, I'm totally voting for Trump and I'm really excited about it. And I'm like, remember, that's anecdotal evidence and it doesn't mean anything. But I do not know a single person who voted Trump. Trump, Kamala. Yeah. And so that to me feels like if I had to go to my gut, it is that Trump is gonna win by the skin of his teeth because enough people have seen that he isn't Hitler and have been willing to make a shift since the last two elections.


Well, also, Cabot Phillips is here I Am. They tried to get black Jeremy, and they said, we'll get slightly younger white guy, Jeremy. Yeah. E exactly. Jeremy has grown taller and his beard is slightly fuller. And he's, and he's de aged actually. So Cabot, you're usually the informational guy. Bring me information. I need data. Yeah. Well, one thing that I was thinking of when, when Megan was talking about the female vote is the fact that we can tend to think of both genders as kind of monoliths. But looking back at the 2022 midterm exit polls, Democrats obviously dominated with women in the aggregate, but when you looked at their performance with married women Yeah. In the 2022 exit polls, married women, went for Republicans by 14 points. It was unmarried women who they picked up by a 37 point margin.


Yeah. And so it can give this separate idea of how women vote as a whole. And I actually, I was on the ground in North Carolina, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, talking to hundreds of voters. And I realized that one of the easiest predictors for how someone was going to vote if it was a woman, and I would walk up to 'em if I saw a wedding ring on their finger, or if I saw kids with them loading up their groceries in the parking lot. Yep. The majority of those people were voting for Republicans. If I saw a woman who was single, younger, clearly not married, they were overwhelmingly Democrats. So The good news is, married women vote Republican, unmarried women vote Democrat. The problem is fewer and fewer people are getting married. Yeah. So that is not, not a good Trend line for the Republicans. And, and there's a real mystery here too.


And the mystery is why is that divide so remarkable? You know, is it, is it that the women change when they get married? Is that it's a different kind of woman that's getting married to begin with? Someone who's more traditionally oriented? Is it that the married, the unmarried women are angry with the system because they're single? Right. I think there's something about that. And so they're in a category, you know, if you're, if you're not allied with someone, if you don't have a partner, then you have reason to be what you have reason to be resentful. Do you have a reason to, to, to doubt the validity of the system as a whole? Are you, are you trying to trumpet that sexual freedom that's hypothetically part of being single? Like there's something very strange going on here with unmarried young women.


And I don't, I don't exactly get It. I think part of it is the failure of the aspirational just generally in American society. I think so much of our voting now breaks down to just go back sort of the Elon Musk of it, the, the failure of aspiration. If you fail in you're attempt to do something, there are two things you can do. You can either do what a successful person does, which is say, what can I do differently in order to improve my lot? Yeah. You know, as God tells Kane to do. Or you can go out and try and kill your brother and you, and you can basically say it's the fault of the system. It's everybody else's fault. And so yeah. If, if as a system, you, you say that you don't even aspire anymore to get married. Yeah. That's not something to even aspire to. Then there has to be some substitute for the thing that you're supposed to aspire to. What is the life that is now the substitute for what a married life would've been?


And I do think Sex in the city. Well, I, I think that's exactly right. And so if the, if the, if the substitute happiness, the aats happiness you're being provided is sex in the city, well then of course abortion is your number one issue. Because abortion is the thing that destroys, that destroys the possibility of you being forced into, I mean, let's be real about how marriage used to work in this country. A huge percentage of people got married because they knocked up a girl. Right? I mean that, that was like a huge number of shotgun weddings in America in 1940, extremely high. Especially in the South where we are right now. A hundred, a hundred percent. And you know what, that's not actually a bad thing. 'cause it turns out that that's sort of how natural law would tend to suggest that things work, right? That, that if you actually knock somebody up, you should then get married to that person, then you should raise the child together. That was reality cuing you back into, to what you should be aspired to doing anyway, abortion cuts that completely off, which is why if you wish to uphold the sex and the city lifestyle, it's, it's the number one issue.


We're gonna take a quick moment to highlight, by the way, some cool stuff going on here at Daily Wire. We will be back in just a moment with that awkward intro. It's really funny. It's really funny by myself laughing out loud hysterically today. It's one of the most important contributions to cinema in American history. Your Goal is to conduct an investigation into something key to the culture war. There are so many great moments in there. Were these people real that are in this movie. It's a great film. Highly recommend everybody go see this movie. Mazel to is, thanks Ben's.


People would say, Am I racists Now, streaming only on daily wire Plus


In the beginning was the word. Christ is a master at using short, mysterious stories. They change the listener who takes them seriously. My experience with the biblical text is that they're inexhaustible sources of wisdom. If I find something in them that is an obstacle, it's because there's something in me that has yet to be transformed. I just don't get it. The person that you do not think could ever be virtuous, whoa, let me show you. This is the person who is fulfilling the law in the prophets, But seek first is kingdom and his righteousness. And all these things shall be adding to you as well. I don't believe in that promise. I'll just be honest at this point. That has not been part of my experience.


This parable I've been trying to understand forever while we were talking and while we were sitting there, then it hit me. I saw It. Name me one ideology that has supplanted Christianity, that has done good for humanity. This Jew is very frightened of the post-Christian society. He was the God man, the model, the example of what we ought to become and what we can become. It's Okay. It's safe for you and all of your doubts and apprehensions to open up and to let these stories in. He is the temple, he is the Torah, he is the covenant. He is prophecy fulfilled If you're doing this. And it isn't also the love of wisdom, it's also an attempt at wisdom without love in both ways.


You're going radically wrong. Power Of love. It sounds slip cliche when You say it. Little 60 there. I don't wanna be in a Hallmark card. I tell you, We've got our work cut out for us, gentlemen. This is one peculiar time and one peculiar text. And I sure hope for up to the task.


That was a nice little treat. That was the world premier of the teaser trailer for Jordan Peterson's new series on the gospels, which, you know, I, I think Dr. Peterson, that your series on Exodus is one of the finest things that we've ever got to be a part of producing. And I've only made it through about a quarter of the gospel episodes, but they're just tremendous. Can you tell us a little bit about what that process was like?


Well, the first thing I'd probably like to do is to thank you guys for having enough courage to undertake the endeavor. I mean, it's a big risk, you know, and it isn't at all obvious that a 16 part series on Exodus with nine academics that's bad enough to begin with. You know, would, would, Would be something that could attract an audience. That there could be any, what business case for. But you guys, you know, you threw yourself into it and then we doubled the length on you and you went along with that. And I know it's been spectacularly successful and that's been great. What was it like? Well, it was a privilege, you know, because the people at the table were top rate. Like, I, I was really fascinated to be in the seminar because every single person that spoke always had something to say that I really wanted to listen to.


I really found that, like I learned that with the Exodus seminar because I learned, I learned so much there. It took, it literally took me months to digest it. It had a big influence on the book that I am publishing on November 19th. It helped me clarify a lot of the stories that I didn't understand. And then of course, the same thing happened as we walked through the gospels. And it was, it was great. And I hope that we did as good a job or better both on the discussion side and on the production side with the gospel seminar as with the Exodus seminar. And I think we did, and we got down to brass tacks. And it's, see, I've learned this is a revolutionary thing. You know, I've learned that all the evidence supports the notion that we see the world through a story.


In fact, a description of the structure through which we see the world is a story. So then the only question once you know that, and I think that's indisputable on scientific grounds now. And so once you know that, the only question becomes, well, what's the story? You know? And, and the cultural insistence is that it's one of power. And the biblical insistence is, is that it's one of sacrifice. And those both aren't, right? Like it's one or the other. Right? There's alternatives, hedonism, nihilism, which is sort of the absence of stories. But I think the idea that this community is founded on sacrifices, it's so substantive that it's self-evident.


And then the issue is how do you investigate the structure of sacrifice? We did that a lot in the gospel seminar. I I don't want to get to any spoilers or anything like that. Yeah. But when you, you're delving into this question, are you looking at it from the perspective of, you know, which is, which of these two views is more conducive to the kind of society I wanna live in? Or are you asking which of these two views is right? It's deeper than that because I don't think there is a society that's predicated on power. There's force. I can force you to do something that I want you to do. But that doesn't mean that we have a society. Yeah. A society is based on mutually acceptable sacrifice upward.


And it's worth delving for a moment on what do, what I mean by sacrifice. And it's pretty straightforward. Like if we're in a communal relation, it's not all about you. And it's not all about me. I mean that, and that really is the definition of a relationship. If it's all about me, it's not a relationship. If it's all about me, it's about my whim and, and my power to impose it. If we're in a relationship, I have to give up something that's immediate to me for the sake of the relationship and the sake of the future. And that's why sacrifice is at the foundation of society. It's virtually a truism. And it's also the same in relation to work. Because work is the sacrifice of the future.


It's the sacrifice of the present, the present to the future, right? So we, we sacrifice our own immediate whims to be communal and we sacrifice the immediate present for the future. And so sacrifice is the foundation of society. And I, I just can't see how that can be otherwise. The counter proposition is absurd, right? Which is the idea that all social interaction is a consequence of power that is, there are more dismal views that it's all sex and hedonism or that there's no meaning in anything that those are, those are pretty catastrophic views. But the idea that all social organization is a function of power, first of all, I think that's a confession on the part of the theorist.


I agree. A confession and a wish. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. And I also think that you, I also think it's untrue. It doesn't even work for chimpanzees, by the way. And the evidence for that is pretty clear. And it's also the most, I just can't imagine setting up a social system on a more dismal view of humanity and community then that of power. The only way we can work together is if I force you. Well, who wants that? Well, we know who wants. Yeah, exactly. We want who? It's tyrants. It's whim possessed tyrants who want that. What do you like? If you want the opposite? Well you sacrifice upward, Ben, you were talking about having children. It's like it reorients you in the world, right?


Because all of a sudden there's something, there's someone who's clearly more important than you, and a timeframe that's clearly more important than you right now. And that reorients you radically and that's a sacrificial orientation. And so I was great doing the, the yeah. The gospel. Well That's my, my invitation to be in the academic roundtable was, was lost in my email inbox, but I, I would've been there otherwise. Did They go into promotions or, It was probably there, yeah. Spam or Spam By the way. And just a quick indicator, and you can talk more about this, just a couple of pieces of good news if you wanna be in a good mood. Okay, so piece of good news, number one, Osceola County, which is one of the most Hispanic counties in America's, a 55% Hispanic.


It's heavily Puerto Rican. Donald Trump is on the verge of winning that in Florida, which means that, that he is, you know, outperforming it may, maybe this Puerto Rican, you know, issue with regard to Tony Hinchcliffe making a bad joke at the, maybe that has some consequences for places like Pennsylvania. I know there have been worries 'cause there are 200,000 Puerto Rican voters in Pennsylvania. So that's a piece of news number one. You Know, the thing is Puerto Ricans have a good sense of humor. I'm from New York. I've spent a lot of time around Puerto Ricans that, that non traverse was so contrived. I'm glad to hear some data actually back up that Insight. Yeah. A a couple other pieces of data, as of 7:25 PM Eastern Time, according to Decision Desk HQ Trump currently has a 61% chance of winning the presidency. So the numbers they're seeing, obviously they think let's go.


That's very good. Are looking pretty good. What was the source that is Decision Desk hq. So this is, and they're constantly adjusting that. Yes, They are. And Decision Desk has been our partner tonight. If you're seeing any of the numbers that you're seeing on your screen or maps that you're seeing on your screen as we go through the evening tonight are by way of our partnership with Decision Desk hq. And one other piece of data. I know we're not supposed to do exit polls, but I'm gonna break my own rule 'cause it makes me happy. And again, the rules don't apply to me since, you know, as a co-owner of the company and a very famous person, they, they let you do it. So, so according to the CNN exit poll, Georgia independence broke for Trump by 11%, which is a 20 percentage point swing toward Trump among indies from four years ago. Ryan Gersky late of CNN.


Great. He, he's, he has, yeah, I, I, I enjoyed it. He, he is, he's suggesting that there's a possibility that that geor that Georgia gets called relatively early, as in, within the next hour and a half or so, One more exit poll, since I am not a employee of the company. Yeah. We literally, And I can't fire me for this. Can we Make his life miserable? Yeah. Probably, probably 25% of black voters in Georgia, reportedly male voters went for Trump. Wow. If that is true, and the independence is true, Trump is going to win Georgia, which would be huge. And the numbers would suggest based on how well he's doing in Florida, there's a famous ban, Florida Georgia line.


If you've ever spent any time around there, there's not a lot of difference between North Georgia, north Florida, and South Georgia. So if Trump's gonna win by 10 in Florida, I think he's gonna win. By the way, Georgia, Just give a shout out to my boy Ron DeSantis, who has turned Florida. Yes. It's the best state in America. Okay. Ron DeSantis turned that state from a dead heat in 2018 to a place where registered Republicans outnumber registered Democrats by a million. I think it's a million 0.2 at this point. And Miami just went red in an 18 point swing Wow. From 2020. Okay. You guys Need some more illegal immigrants. By the way, Hillary won Miami Dade by 30, right. Just in 2016. Well, this is, That's like a 35 point, you know, for, for like a points of the future.


Putting, putting aside this election, which, you know, a little early for that. But, you know, one thing that is, that is positive that we should keep an eye on is, I know it's looking a little ahead. 2030 census is gonna radically redo all these numbers. Okay. 20 30 cents. So I, I've mentioned this before, my worst case scenario, which has been scaring everybody all over the internet, which is that tonight Donald Trump wins North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, Nevada. Yep. And she wins two 70 to 2 68. But the 2020 census was actually done wrong Because of Omaha, because Nebraska didn't go one win in the state. And, and, and also because, so the census in 2020 Yeah. Was done wrong. Okay. And they've, they've acknowledged this, okay, this is perfect. This is like, they've clear, they've said this, the census Undercounted Florida, it undercounted Texas, it overcount New York, it Overcount Delaware and Rhode Island. And so if they'd done it right, Florida has two more electoral votes.


Trump doesn't need to win any of the blue Wall states in order to win the election. Okay? And so there's likely to be a lawsuit on that basis. Will that lawsuit be successful? I doubt it. But there will be a lawsuit on that basis if that's the result of the election, which is actually not super improbable given, given the current odds. Now what that means for 2030, however, is that as population continues to bleed south, as it continues to bleed to red states, if we do the census correctly in 2030, a bunch of this math gets redone. Florida now has three or four more electoral college votes. And places like, like Virginia have fewer, right. California loses electoral college votes. So, you know, for all the sort of despair that you hear all the time from people, you know, things move, things change. And I'm old enough to remember when Florida and Ohio were swing states, and now those are bright red.


And I, I think in the future, by the way, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin are all trending. Red Virginia. The other hand is, is trending blue. I think that that's the most likely Virginia looks like Colorado, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan look very much the same. Trending red. And that's that 25% black male exit poll is, is not a big surprise. I mean, we've been talking about the, the gender wars and with respect to women, but the Kamala Harris campaign made a decision to make no attempt at all to win a single male vote. Yes. They did not put out even one single ad, the entire campaign targeted at men. Excuse Me, Matt, excuse me. You clearly didn't look at Pete Buttigieg and Tim Wool's One few different Parents. They, it was very Effective, I thought.


And Of course, ev they they put out a few ads that were allegedly ostensibly for men, but even those who were actually talking to women. And that is a strategy that should cost them the election. We'll see if it Doesn. I also would hope, and by the way, you guys do great work. If you haven't seen Matt's movie, it is absolutely hysterical. You don have tell me. I I I know, but I mean for everybody out there, I mean, what was that movie again? The, am I racist? Very good. By the way. I heard right now Rachel Mad album, movie Rachel Maddow. Really big fan. I heard a good, good job by that. I do love it. But I do think if that were to hold, what it would do is destroy identity politics, which I think ultimately we're Talking about my movie still or the other. No. Well that helped. Okay. But black men voting for Donald Trump has the potential to blow up identity politics, which I think is the root cancer that is polluting so much of American discourse.


Yep. You may have noticed that. Joining us now, we have classicist historian and host of the Young Heretics podcast and author of Light of the Mind Light of the World. My good friend Spencer Klavin. Spencer, welcome to the show. Hey guys, Great to be here. I am not in fact Jordan Peterson. You may have noticed I've transformed over time. Yes. Although you'll have an interesting take on this. Thank you Clay. Thank you guys. Clay just got up and left. I don't know. He's gone is something, you Know what, Clayman, I don't like it either. I gotta hang out with Kid Rock Boys. When, when Dr. Peterson was with us, and of course Dr. Peterson will be back later on in the evening. We were talking about sacrifice and, and the sort of Christian narrative that undergirds society. And one of the things that, it occurs to me that Christians are called to sacrifice among other things in many instances, is their sense of self.


Hmm. And religion often gives us a very false sense of self and, and Christianity. S that the false sense of self is that we're good. Hmm. And sadly, I think when Christianity is misused, it's actually misused to reinforce the old religious notion that we're good. And if we're good, then of course we don't need intervention from God in the form of Christ. Why I bring this up right now is because a lot of Christians hang onto this view of themselves that they are above having to get their hands dirty and worldly affairs go. And many Christians for that reason don't engage in the political process. They think that if they engage in the political process, especially in a moment where you have choices that are let, let's call them suboptimal, maybe from a Christian value perspective.


I mean, Donald Trump, you can say many good things about Donald Trump. We've said many of them here. He's not a great moral icon. He's, he, he pro-choice sort of background has really reasserted itself in this election, which is very difficult for Christians. Christians I think this country, particularly evangelicals do not know yet how to reorient their politics in the wake of an event they never thought would occur, which is the overturning of Roe v. Wade, which changed everything, which changed everything. It makes abortion now a political issue and political issues are messy issues. Hmm. When, when abortion was a sort of abstract judicial issue, Christians took a could, could afford to take an abolitionist point of view.


And it was politically beneficial to do so. And it was politically beneficial to take an abolitionist point of view. Now listen, politics aside, morally I'm a complete abortion abolitionist. Yeah. Right. You can't be more pro-life than me. I don't want exceptions for rape. I don't want exceptions for incest. I am 100% abortion bad all the way. Full stop. But as a political issue, we now have to make a decision. If I lived in California and there was an opportunity for a 14 week abortion ban, I would vote for it. Yeah. Yeah. And if it passed, I would then start working on a 12 week abortion ban. But many Christians are simply not willing to give up their image of themselves as pure and perfect and holy and above it all and get their hands dirty with the difficult compromise that's necessary.


And politics. And I am concerned that if Christians don't vote, we won't win. There are still 18 minutes to vote to get in line to vote before the next round of polls closed. If you're a Christian and you're, and you've been on the fence about the idea of voting, please go stand in line. If you're not in a state where the polls have already closed, please get in line. You have an obligation to vote. Our obligation is not to our view of ourselves. Our obligation, if anything, is to confront our view of ourselves, realize our need. And part of what we get out of grace in Christianity is the opportunity to actually participate in a world that isn't perfect. You only get to participate in that world that isn't perfect if you believe in some sort of system of grace.


And I wanted to say that while Dr. Peterson was here, but it's, I didn't get to, I'll have to Do so I'm saying it to you. Terrific. What, what do you say to this? Well, for All that conservatives have spent, what, four years at least now, the wailing wokeness and identifying all of its flaws and talking about what a terrible, ugly, self-destructive ideology it is. Which it is. And all of that is true. And we should point that out. We still have not as conservatives or as Christians reckoned with the fact that wokeness offers people something. Wokeness has a selling point. And it's exactly what you are saying. It's an answer to the question, what must I do to be saved?


And for most of my adult life, we've pretended that that question doesn't matter. That we can sweep it under the rug while we pursue material pleasures and technological advancements and that God is dead or over or irrelevant. And we don't even have to think about virtue or abstract eternal ideals. That idea turned out to be catastrophically wrong, even among the people who said that they believed it. Yep. And this is why the new atheists and all the Harris, Sam Harris' and Richard Dawkins of the world have now been stampeded by a mob of young people, desperate for somebody to tell them how they can be good. And woke politics stands right in that gap and says, all you have to do is take the knee.


You simply have to proclaim your guilt. You have to confess your systemic racism, or you have to assume your position on the sacrificial pedestal as a minority or whatever. And now you will once again be in the grand cosmic dance of, of virtue and pollution and sacrifice. Christians are supposed to be different, I think is what you are saying. That's right. The Christian pitch is actually something radically other than that, in, in a way that almost no other ideology or religion offers. GK estrogen says, before you get the good news, you have to get the bad news. And the bad news is that whereas virtue is absolute and just God's justice is perfect altogether in his righteousness is entire.


We are at an infinite remove from that in the world. And the incarnation is the point of the incarnation. God wouldn't have had to take on flesh and die if he weren't willing to meet us at that imperfect juncture and take the next step toward his perfection from wherever we are, whatever mess it is, however snarled and tangled we are, and boy are we in our past sins and the sins of our fathers and our ancestral guilt. God in Christ takes one step toward God, the Father with us. And in terms of politics, this caches out as the ancient virtue of prudence, which is what you are talking about, the Christian Church fathers and the aristotelians of the ancient world.


And I think the rabbis of the Talmud would all recognize what you are describing as a classic instance of prudence. You don't get the world that conforms to your ideals. You don't even get a world that approximates to your ideals. You get a world that is a thousand miles away from your ideals and you have two choices. One is to no out and be responsible for whatever the world is as it is because you have no effect on. And the other is to get your hands dirty and admit that you were never clean, to be clean. And And on this point you bring up good old Aristotle. Yeah. He doesn't just say prudence is a virtue. He says prudence is the paramount political virtue. It is the most important of the political virtues. Yes. And so we cannot afford to have Christians just throwing their hands up in the air in a kind of suicidal politicalism that is really a homicidal politicalism.


'cause it's gonna take a lot of good people down with them. That's it's here. And Jordan Peterson was here. Who's this guy? You? Who am I? Who are you Never seen this man in my Dr. Spencer. He, he is li he is tall and very well educated and has a bit of a beard sometimes and hair on my head. You may Yeah. Has a distinctive voice point. Yes. So obviously no relation. No relation. No relation. We're so thankful for tonight. I, I think what Spencer meant to say was, go vote. We still have time. We're so thankful for tonight's sponsors that we're gonna take a moment to tell you about some of them right now and then we'll be right back.


Why? Hello everyone. We wanted to take a moment to tell you more about our sponsor. Lumen Lumen is a revolutionary new product that is going to help you with your fitness goals. When you look up workouts or nutrition plans online, you'll find a million different plans, a million different stats. Now Why is that? Let me tell you. Well, everyone is different. If you and I sat down, ate the exact same meal, our metabolisms are different and they burn those carbs and fats differently. That's so true. A huge barrier in optimizing your fitness is not having the data. That's where lumen comes in. Behold, the lumen just blow into the lumen device. I typically use it after working out to see how I'm burning energy afterwards. For example, it might say I'm at a three level right now, which means I'm burning carbs more than fats right now. I should eat mostly fats the rest of the day and avoid the carbs. With lumen, you can trust the signs. It's gonna show you what kind of calories you're burning, how your body's operating daily, what you need to do to get the most out of your exercise and diet. It'll even give you personalized workout plans. So all the guesswork is out the window. If you struggle to find time in your busy schedule to pump iron Lumen will make sure you get the very most out of every workout. If you want to take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/daily wire to get 15% off your lumen. That is LU me n.me/daily wire for 15% off your purchase. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring daily wire's election coverage.


Run Oracle database in any cloud. So you can bring AI to your data anywhere. Develop AI powered apps, use cutting edge gen AI features like Vector search and modernize your apps with Oracle database running in every popular cloud platform, O-C-I-A-W-S, Azure, and Google Cloud. That means you run your workloads where you see fit with built-in ai, high availability in the leading performance you expect from Oracle database. See what you'll be able to do at oracle.com/multicloud.


We're now joined by daily wire host and reporter Megan Basham. Megan, welcome to our Election Night coverage. Thanks. You hosted the pre-show with Cabot. I thought it was terrific. I did. And now I I love just being in this den of testosterone. Thanks for Having me, Michael. Fair you. Yeah, exactly. Michael, Michael has a pretty high level of estrogen, to be fair. But quick update. So Florida best state in the union. Just gonna keep saying it. My home state, because I, my I and my own personage and with my family brought something like 20 Republican voters to Florida. Just our, our immediate family and, and surrounding friends. Florida is just blowing it out for Trump right now. Florida, Miami-Dade is, is flipping to Trump right now. There are two major ballot measures that were on the ballot in Florida. It was an attempt for Democrats to, to claw their way back in.


One was amendment three, one was Amendment four, amendment three was a legalized marijuana petition. Amendment four was a legalized abortion. Both look like they're gonna go down to defeat because Florida is a red state and it ain't going back. Meanwhile, over in Georgia, the results look pretty ugly for Kamala Harris. Thus far, some of the swing counties are, are moving toward Donald Trump. There's also some problems, apparently in New Hampshire. There's some, there's some towns in New Hampshire that have had some pretty significant swings to Donald Trump. If you had to game this thing out right now, it looks as though basically Kamala Harris' hopes come down to extraordinarily heavily turnout in Philadelphia, Detroit, Milwaukee. That may be the entire election, right there it is. Just do enough people show up for her in those three big cities, specifically because the rest of the map looks like it is trending toward Donald Trump over 2020.


Well, that's really encouraging to hear. I I hadn't picked up the latest, so I'm really glad I came onto the set to get that update, especially about Amendment four. So, and all the Christians say amen. Yeah, that's right. Again, like they credit where credit is due, Georgia and Florida are two states where Donald Trump was at odds with the governor of that state. And the governors of those states have done yeoman's work in actually shifting the voting population of those states. Brian Kemp, the governor of Georgia, who endorsed Donald Trump was at odds with him. He's done really good work on the ground in Georgia, even though Donald Trump has been very much at odds with the state, the Secretary of state of Georgia, and of course Ron DeSantis ran against Trump. And then DeSantis endorsed Trump and has been campaigning for Trump. And that state continues to get redder and, and redder.


So again, the early numbers, it's, it's way too early to say anything like, things look great. But again, if you are, if you are looking at like early trends, early trends for Donald Trump, people are showing up to vote. They're showing up to, and by the way, if you're in Pennsylvania, you still have 10 minutes to get in line. Get your ass in line if you're in Pennsylvania right now. That's right. 'cause that state matters. That is, that is, that is the keystone state for this election. And speaking of Pennsylvania, we're being joined now by Cassie Akiva who is joining us from Dave McCormick's election party headquarters in Pennsylvania. Of course McCormick running for Senate in that state. Welcome Cassie. What's going on there? Thanks for having me right now. The doors just opened. It's very rowdy here. We have a very loud band behind us. The campaign told me that they're feeling pretty good.


There's been a really good turnout in the rural area, so things are looking good here. The parties just getting started. What have you been saying on the ground in terms for support for Trump from Gen Z voters? Yeah, so we went to a Trump rally yesterday in Pittsburgh and we wanted to talk to voters about why they were voting for him. And halfway through my interviews I realized that every single person I interviewed was Gen Z. There were so many Gen Z's there. So it had to be a video about Gen Z support. So take a look right here. Are you supporting Donald Trump? We are, Of course, yes.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah, absolutely. Oh yeah, big time. Yes I am. I already voted for a hundred percent. I am Trump, Trump, Trump. All the way. Donald J. Trump. Donald J. Trump 2024 baby. Hey man. And why are you supporting him? You know, it's foreign policy. I don't want us to go to war, you know, I don't wanna be drafted, gonna lower our taxes. He's gonna make life more affordable again. I think mostly the economy, the stuff that's happened in the past couple years hasn't been good for our country. I just think he's for the people and he is gonna make this country good again. Prolife is a very big thing for me. The economy is dead right now. Come on in. You'll have done absolutely nothing for this country. I just don't think I'm gonna be able to buy a house. Is this your first time voting for Donald Trump? Yes, ma'am. First election after it is my first time. It sure is. This is my first time voting.


It is, yes. First time voting. Yes it is. Yes. Yep. Why is it important for Gen Z to vote for Donald Trump? Because we're the future. If you Wanna be proud to be an American, again, vote for Donald J. Trump. It's easy as that. All right, Cassie, that's unbelievable. We're gonna be checking back out, checking back with you throughout the evening. Thanks for being with us. Thanks so much. I may as well mention here at the decision desk HQ has Trump continuing to go up in the possibility of winning Calci, which is the betting market. Calci has Trump at a two to one favorite now in the betting markets. The same thing is happening over at Poly Market. So you know, none of that means anything, but it also doesn't mean totally nothing. Like if we're going, if we're going the other way, certainly we would be seeing the celebration breaking out.


You know, it's a little too early for us to tune over to M Ms NBC and see, see like the bullets of sweat coming down people's face Like Rob Hazen airplane. But don't, don't Get cocky. I Know know, You don need people to vote. You don't, I, I've been saying this for months now. You do not win presidential elections by supporting candidates. You win presidential elections by voting for candidates, and there's still time for most of the country to vote. Every single vote is going to matter. Elections in our lifetime have been decided by so few votes. If you make the decision to sit this one out, you may very well be making the decision for the people who represent your values or or more broadly support your values to lose. Ben Cassie is at McCormick's campaign HQ in Pennsylvania.


You actually did some campaigning with McCormick, didn't you? I did. And that is a tight state. So Da Dave is running an extraordinary campaign in Pennsylvania. You remember early on when, when Trump was struggling to find his sea legs against Kamala Harris, who's actually McCormick's campaign that's putting out most of the great kick ass ads against Kamala Harris. McCormick is a business person, so he really is data driven. And so he's, he's really kinda broken down the state into granular detail. He's run a very solid campaign against Bob Casey, who of course is a long time top level democratic politico in the state. He was the governor of the state, he's the senator of the state. Now that race is a toss up. It's extremely tight. And so Pennsylvania is gonna come down to the wire. And of course their voting procedures take four for that. Apparently some precincts that are there now going to extend out until 10:00 PM tonight because of failures over there.


So that means guys take, take some Red Bull because we may, we may be here just a little while. But yeah, Dave, Dave's a terrific candidate. He's really authentic. I had the chance to spend some time with pretty much, yeah, I would say every swing state candidate with just a couple of exceptions, and David, the, this crop, this crop of, of swing state candidates this year, this is now 2022, this is now we rated the local Looney Band. We actually, well we actually went out and got a bunch of good candidates like Eric h Eric Huffy in, in Wisconsin, who I think is gonna win in Wisconsin. And Bernie Moreno in Ohio, who I think is, is almost certainly going to win. That's me being confident. But I think he's, he's almost certainly gonna win in Ohio. I'd say the o like the baseline for Republican senate wins. I know we haven't even talked to Senate races yet. Baseline for Republican senate wins tonight is 52. That, that includes West Virginia.


That includes Tim Shehe, who I did campaign with in Montana, who's an amazingly good candidate. Yeah, Tim Sheehy is terrific on the stump. Really charismatic, excellent story. He was obviously in, in, I believe, a Navy seal. So you know, he, he's gonna win, I think walking away in Montana. That takes you to 51 Bernie Morenos. I think it's gonna win in Ohio. That's your 52. The question is, if you get to 53, 54, if Kerry Lake sneaks in maybe even 55 tonight, listen it The, the stakes where the Senator concerned are so high, should Donald Trump fail to carry the White House? The Senate could be the only institution that really stands between a president, Kamala Harris and the worst excesses of her policy agenda, including adding states to the country.


And if Donald Trump wins the presidency, he's going to need the Senate in order to confirm his justices, confirm his nominees, advance his agenda, and give us the kind of conservative victories that we're looking for. Ben, I was really proud of you for being out on the stump the way that you were. And we actually put together this video of some of your appearances throughout the election. This election is the most important election of our lifetimes. Everybody says that every single election cycle, but this one actually is, Imagine Harris wins. Here's what we get to do in the Senate.


We get to say no. If Democrats were to, God forbid, getting a triumvirate, the kind of damage they would do to the country with the House of the Senate and the presidency would be almost unthinkable at this point. She has already vowed that she would kill the filibuster. If she were given that opportunity. She would then stack the Senate with a couple of extra states. She would stack the Supreme Court. We're at Really very high levels of violent crime. We need to secure the border with the wall and border patrol. The standard of education across all of America has gone in one direction, decline. What's At stake is not just slight differences in the marginal tax rate, what's at stake here are fundamental values, fundamental American values. There is a civilizational battle going on, and this election is part of that battle.


When I was a kid, my dad used to say to me over and over again, he said, Ted, when we lost our freedom in Cuba, I had a place to flee to. If we lose our freedom here, where do we go? That's what the stakes of this election are. There's a party in this country that wants the future of America to be stagnation, social decay, foreign policy weakness. And then there's one party and there's one group of people who want America to build, to explode forth the greatest America has ever been. This is what President Trump's means when he says, make America great again. We Want a secure border. Safe streets, Cheap. Gas cops are good, criminals are bad, boys and boys, girls, Girls.


The Senate races are incredibly important. And it's, it's not glitzy glamorous work to go out and stump for. You know, it's, it's a great thing to go out and stump with Trump and, and you were able to co-host a fundraiser for him this year, have him on your show, do a, do an appearance on the anniversary of the October 7th massacre with him and, and, and get some great time with Trump. But it's really the sort of behind the scenes stuff that you did in this election on, on your own dime, I should say. That's not a thing. The world, It was a little expensive. Yeah, I mean, I was shocked by that. But, but yeah, it's, it, it is cool. And, and going to these different places, I mean, first of all, the amount of respect that you should have for candidates who do this day in and day out is really, really high. I mean, that is a rough job until you've been on a bus with one of these candidates just stopping place after place after place.


You know, going to with Sam Brown in, in Nevada and, and you know, going around to three separate events where he tells life story three separate times to three separate groups of people. I mean, it's a grind. It's a real grind. And these people put their lives on hold to go and, and do that sort of stuff because they're taking it upon themselves. And by and large, they're not doing it because they're career politicians. I mean, a lot of these people are incredibly successful in their day job. Eric Covey is a very wealthy man. Bernie Moreno is a very wealthy man. Dave McCormick is a super wealthy guy. These are people who have made it and they've decided they, they actually would like to give back to the country by, by going and, and doing this sort of stuff. So, you know, we should give them, it should be hats off to a lot of these people. I think we, we never think about that. We hold them accountable, we should hold them accountable. They, they represent us and they're supposed to represent our values, but these are people who legitimately take a better life and turn it in for a worse life in order to make the country better.


And that, I think requires us to, to take our hats off to 'em. Plus the American people just kick ass. I gotta tell you, like, being out on the trail with these people is really, really cool. There's some really cool campaign experiences. Pretty amazing. I mean really, really an amazing country. Truly. Yeah. Like one that stands out was with Bernie Moreno in northern Ohio. And this was just kind of an amazing thing. So I was in northern Ohio with Bernie. I speak, it's like a thousand people in maybe a town of 2000 people total and a thousand show up to this event. And I, I get up and I give my talk. Everybody has a good time and I'm about to take off, and one of the people from the town gets up and says, we wanna give you a present. It's like, okay, well, you know, I've been to a lot of events where they give you a plaque or they give you like a piece of paper or something, you know, something. And he said, no, here's an Israeli flag. This Israeli flag, we're giving it to you. Because on October 7th, the one of us was, so, like, the day of October 7th was so upset about that, he took this giant Israeli flag, stuck it on the back of his Ford, F-150, and a town that has zero Jews, zero Jews in northern Ohio, and started driving it around the town in solidarity with Jews and with Israel, and people in the town were so moved that pretty much every member of the town signed the flag.


Hmm. So I have this flag signed by like a thousand evangelical Christians in and, and Catholics and in, in northern Ohio, just in solidarity with, with Israel, with Jews. Like it's great country. It's a, it's, it's a, it's, it's a great country. This, this country is just, it's just effing fabulous. It really is. It's such a great country. And that's why it's so hard to watch when it's threatened by people who don't share any of those values and really think that Americans, that those exact people are the bitter clingers, are the garbage, are the truly bad people, the bad guys in the story. And it's just such trash. It's not true. And that's why, you know, Donald Trump being a middle finger to those people is the thing that they deserve. They deserve that middle finger. They deserve it good and hard. I hope they're gonna get it tonight. It's speaking of which, by the way, Loudoun County has Loudoun County in Virginia.


Yeah. Just had a nine point swing. Right. Whoa. Loudoun County. Okay. So people are showing up. So keep showing up folks. Yeah. Don't stop. We have no idea how rare this is. I think. Yeah. I mean, that is what you just described, what happened in no other country, not only currently in the world, but in the history of the world. There's not another country that, that would do that. And so much of this garbage that gets thrown at these people about how nasty and and hateful they are comes from this place of utter ignorance. I mean, deep enforced, chosen ignorance and arrogance that the ignorance sort of abets. It's because they don't want to think of themselves as worse than anyone ever. They've chosen not to know about anyone else ever in the history of the world.


And so they look at people, you know, all of whom have their flaws and their foibles, Americans included. And they think, you know, you know, oh, these backwards hateful hicks. They're just, you know, spiteful Americans. I, I challenge you to travel the world and find another country where, where that will happen. Especially with, with the Jewish flag. And, and Selena, Selena Zito has a thing where she goes out and she talks to people and she found that no one else had done it. No one else had talked to them and seen the lives they live, which are interracial and completely accepting of all different kinds of people. And they just don't know. It's Unbelievable from like the whitest areas of Ohio. Yeah. Down to, I was on the border with Senator Cruz on Sunday night and, and it's like the Rio Grande Valley, which is totally Hispanic and everybody in the crowd is Hispanic.


Like they have the same values because those values are the values of America. Yeah. And the value is family, community, hard work, virtual, like those are the values that built a and and leave us the hell alone. Yeah. Combined with all things autonomy. Yeah. Right. Autonomy. We're now joined here at Daily Wire HQ by Brent Buchanan of Signal polling the most well-respected poll outfit in America. Welcome to the show, Brent. Good to talk to you. Hey, Good to be here. So let's talk about the situation in Georgia. Obviously, you know, there's a danger for Republicans and getting high on their own supply. You're kind of reading what's going on on Twitter. What, what is sort of your overall early take on, on what you are seeing outta Georgia right now? So there's a couple key counties to look at in Georgia. I actually grew up in one of them, and that is Fayette County here. And in 2016, Trump won this county by 21 points.


He only won it by seven in 2020. And with 75% reporting, he's only up by two. Ooh. So when, when you're looking at a county like this, you're, you're basically extrapolating this to quote the suburbs because this is on the south side of Atlanta, but it's, you know, a good 30 minutes outside of Atlanta. But then you compare that to Baldwin County, Georgia, which in 2016 Trump lost it to Clinton by two, he lost it to Biden by one, Brian Kemp won it by seven. And currently Trump is plus six with 79% reporting. So you start to see where you have these conflicting data points, some that are good for Trump, some that are good for Kabbala Harris.


What's interesting is that the, the Georgia rurals are coming in pretty heavily democratic on election day voting. Meaning that the people who turned up on election day to vote in the rural counties in Georgia are more democratic than they normally would have been. And then when you look at some of the performance of the black counties, if if the county's about mid-sized, it's performing pretty much like it did in 2020. Right now, and in the really heavy black counties, you're seeing actually a Trump underperformance. So it's kind of a mixed bag. Right now in Georgia, we're really early at this point, I think there's only nine or 10% reporting. But the, the exit polls take that for what it's worth, do show some signs of hope for Trump.


So when, when you look at all that I know, you know, we're asking you now to project out into the future, what are, what are the indicators that you are going to look for as the vote starts to come in that's gonna give you a better idea of, of the picture that's emerging from this kind of chaotic data? Well, we're definitely gonna want see what the Northern Arc counties, so Cobb, Gwinnett, Fulton County, kind of the north end of Atlanta. Those are the things you're gonna be looking for. As of right now. None of those have reported. And then we're gonna continue to watch what the rural counties have done. Because if you look in some other places like Indiana and Kentucky that have already reported a lot of counties, the rurals are actually up in those places about one or 2% above their 2020 turnout percentages.


The question is, are the suburban counties and are the urban counties at or above 2020 turnout? And, and we just don't have enough data in yet to answer that question. So, I mean, that seems like the, a lot of the elections gonna come down to precisely that question. Not just in Georgia, but all over the country. Right. Are are, is the suburban vote up? Is the rural vote down, you know, given what you're seeing in some of the other states, you know, obviously, so Florida, for what it's worth was just called Trump. Is, is just blowing it out in Florida. 'cause Florida has turned into a deep red state just over the course of the last couple of election cycles. You know, it, it's, there is this idea that there are these bellwether counties. How much stock do you take in the idea that there are bellwether counties where you can look at a county and then extrapolate that out nationally or to other swing states? I think once we have a hundred percent of, of the vote in on a quote Bellwether County, we can extrapolate it.


But so far, there's not many in the country where we have 100% reporting yet. But if you look at Osceola County as an example, in Florida that's north of Orlando, it has, I believe, the highest percentage of Puerto Rican population as a percentage of the whole of the county. And it moved even further. Right. Miami Dade continued this march to the right. One thing also to keep in mind about Florida is the fact that it has about a million more Republicans registered now because of the pandemic. And so it, it's to your point, it is no longer a, a purple or a swing state. It is 100% a red state now, especially with those trends that You were talking about.


Yeah. It looks like speaking again, I'm just gonna keep mentioning 'cause it's awesome. Amendments three and amendments four, both likely to be dead in Florida. Those are both trash, which means excellent. Basically permanent Republican rule forever for the rest of time a thousand year reign of, of Ron DeSantis in Florida. It's so that, that's really good. Well, I, I did want to ask you, Brent, about, you know, this, this sort of amazing statistic, the Loudoun County in Virginia has, has moved really toward Trump a lot. What does that mean? You know, for, for not close washers of politics, you hear Loudoun County a lot. 'cause obviously it came up a lot in the gubernatorial race between Glenn Young Ken and Terry McCall. What does that mean if Loudoun County moved right from the last election cycle? So it moved right. Because you're seeing a depression of Democrat turnout there.


Hmm. Not because it has the same number of people who voted and they shifted their votes. So that's definitely something to watch as what does that democrat to Republican turnout ratio compared to the historical. Virginia in general is actually having a higher election day turnout as a percentage of total votes than they have had in the past. And they also count the, the way Virginia goes is they count early votes first and then they report election day votes after that. So I would expect to see that the, the Dem turnout in that county goes up some, but Loudoun County is actually 11% Indian Asian American population. And so if, if that holds, and Trump is doing better in a county like that, it's going to be very indicative of some, some of these Sunbelt metro areas that have high Indian populations.


And if she can't juice them in, in Loudoun County outside of Washington DC she's gonna have a trouble doing that in Atlanta, in Phoenix, and in some of these other, Raleigh Durham is another one that has high Indian populations. So Brent, obviously we're super early in the night. Can you give us just like a, a quick preview into what sort of things you're gonna be seeing over the next hour? What are you looking for in the next hour? Which areas which polls are closing and and what's gonna come out? Yeah, we're gonna learn a lot from North Carolina and Georgia because they're on the East Coast and they're going to report earlier. They're gonna report more often and we're gonna know who won those earliest. And so a lot of these counties that were watching, like Fayette as an example in Georgia that was very heavily Trump and has been slowly less Trump over time.


Once that gets to a hundred percent reporting, where does Trump stand? And that'll give us a really good idea of what's some of these swing states, suburban counties are looking like. But what we're seeing overall is that turnout is likely to exceed 2020. Wow. Which a lot of people said that if we even got to that point, that it would be historic. And so we really find ourself in this place where under 2020 turnout, it's a hundred percent Trump win. At 2020 turnout little bit of a Harris advantage. You get above 2020 turnout and we're in unprecedented territory, which it's kind of hard to see who that gives an advantage to until we start to see some of this urban, rural, suburban turnout differential above how, how high each of them go above 2020 As Brent Buchanan.


We're gonna be back with you in just a little while and keep these updates going.


Our election map coverage this evening is possible, is made possible by our sponsor Lumen Hack your metabolism with one simple device, understand your body more with lumen.


Can we, first of all, that wasn't positive enough, so if we could not go back to him again, that'd be great. But Florida, we, we talked about how great Florida is. 'cause it's deep red and all that. Also, they're gonna have all their votes counted. Yes. Like soon. Yeah. And this is the third, I think the third most populated state in the country. And so it's just like, there's no excuse No. Why every other state in the country, well, there can't count all their votes. If Florida Can, there is an excuse, Florida is able to count their votes so quickly because Jeb Bush was their governor for eight years and then Ron DeSantis has been their governor for what, the last six years. And as it turns out, Republicans can figure out how to run elections.


Yeah. Di Democrats in swing states cannot figure out how to run elections. Almost as though democrats in swing states are incentivized not to figure out their elections. You know, there's a lot of talk about how we shouldn't have voting machines. And I remember when I used my first voting machine in California, you would make your selections and then the printout would happen. And the printout was a sort of dot matrix barcode sort of situation. You had no way of knowing what the printout said. And so again, as we discussed earlier, there's at least the, at least the opportunity for evil, at least the appearance of evil. I used a machine here in Tennessee to vote, first of all, Tennessee has an amazing election pro. The, the ballot was basically three pages, not one of these 75 page monstrosities.


It was three, there were three pages worth of things to vote on. So it was super easy, right? Like Donald Trump, Marshall Blackburn don't raise my taxes and then hit print. And when you hit print, it prints out the, the ballot for you to turn in and you can look at the ballot and see where it printed all of your selections right there on the ballot in in dot Matrix Inc. It said Donald Trump, Marsha Blackburn, don't raise my freaking taxes and stop asking me. And then I went over and turned it in. So there was no opportunity, even with an electronic system, there was no opportunity for impropriety. The electronic system was just a different way of arriving at a printed ballot that could be read by a human. But it's not only, again, there's no reason why any state in America can't be doing it.


But it's not only red states, it's every other country on earth that has free legal democratic voting. They all count their Yeah, yeah, yeah. I said, and they get it right. What part of, what part of Democrat controlled swing state Did You, did you confuse with three countries that run democratic Elections? You know, I have to say I'm watching the vote in Virginia and it's close, you know, it's, it's, it's 32% of the vote is in 47 2. Donald Trump has 51.1 is Kamala Harris. And there's still the counties that are open are right in the middle of the state. I, you know, like I, you know, Katie Gorka, who is both the brains and beauty of the Gorka organization is, is is working very hard in, in Fairfax and doing just an amazing job.


Even though she knows the county will be lost, she believes if she can bring out enough people that will, and you know, obviously feed in to a Trump victory, I, you know, they, they have done a lot of stuff including go to the Supreme Court to make sure the integrity is good. I voted in the bluest of the blue parts of the state. I thought I felt very secure. I felt the election was being very well run. You know, there was absolutely no question of identity or anything like that. It was really well done. And gee, now he's like three points. No, that's still four. Just about four. So I don't know, I I I will, I will not be bowled over if the state that elected Glenn Young and the moment I arrived has now become Not That you're taking credit, are, you know, I am.


No, no, that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm taking credit. Well, In fairness, our very own Matt Walsh and our very own, our who, who's our wonderful reporter who broke the loudness. No, it's just me. Don't worry about Luke. No, Luke, Luke, Luke, Luke, ak goodness. We've been on the air only two hours. Yeah. Luke AK actually is the reason that Florida became a potentially red state. But yeah, listen, a as has been said all night, the polls were so close going into this race that an an error in either direction could result in a very wild swing. Yeah. And it, you know, it's very early yet, and we should keep in mind that in many of these states, the system is sort of rigged to look like it is rigged by, by that I mean they tend to count in-person votes first, which tend to be more likely Republican.


And then after that, they start bringing in the early and, and absentee mail-in ballots, which tend historically to be blue. And so you end up in this situation where it looks like we're winning and then they suddenly discover all the ballots, even if that's not actually what happens, which again gives the appearance Yes. Of Evil Again, you know, and, and the opportunity for evil, Something about this election that makes it so hard, I'm sure for the pollsters who are all being risk averse and basically saying, oh, it's coin toss. Don't yell up at me. But, but something that makes it really difficult to model, model out this election for anyone is that they changed all the rules last time. So in order to be able to model out elections right, you have to have precedent to base it on. And we really don't have precedent anymore.


And this election is being conducted differently even than 2020. So for instance, early voting and mail-in voting usually gives a big, you know, advantage to Democrats this year looking at, at early voting out Nevada. That's right. That that's actually not what it should's the opposite. So we really just don't know. Right. Which, Which is unpleasant for pundits and Pollsters To say, But we, we do know this. I mean, one of, one of the, maybe the only case that I thought should have been adjudicated was the case in Pennsylvania where they changed the rules against their own constitution. And Clarence Thomas agreed with me, and he's a pretty bright legal mind. Not, you know, not like me, but I saw very, he's a guy. Yeah. He's up there. And, and I think that, that the GOP has been much more on top of that leading up to it.


I mean, as many people have said, you know, it's easier to put a car together before it falls off a cliff. And I think that that was what they were doing after the last election. And I think the GOP is, you know, needs some praise there for actually paying attention, manning the barricades, making sure the legal i's were dotted. And I think that's really happened to some degree. I'll add too, I spoke to hundreds of voters in states like Georgia and in Michigan and Pennsylvania, and one of the questions I asked all of them was, how do you feel about your vote this year? How do you feel about the integrity of this election? And I can't tell you how many of them brought up the fact that the RNC and that Donald Trump were pouring resources in to having poll watchers. And that message is trickling down to the average voter where you might think there'd be a fear of them saying, well, if you really think that the election was right last time, why would you vote this time?


But that messaging from the top, they are aware on the ground that the RNC has invested so many resources into this. And I, I, I do think that contributes to, you know, higher turnout than we might have seen. Let me ask you a question. You go out and you interview voters. Do, do you think you're getting random sex selections of voting? We try our best. So in all the states I went to, we would go to different grocery stores, right? Gas stations, just walk in, walk, walk around in, in different counties. So I'd pull up data from different counties in 2020 and we'd try and get as representative a sample as possible. And to our conversation about the polls, like why it's so difficult to get an accurate representation. I think that even after eight years, you might get this idea that, oh, well the silent Trump voter doesn't really exist.


It's become so normalized. They're still out there, they're still talking, you know, they're much more confident. Now, I actually got to the point after all these interviews where I could tell who someone was voting for based on how they shot me down when I requested an interview. Ah, so about two thirds of people wouldn't talk to me. I'm just very intimidating. And mainly I walk, walk up to a parking lot. Two thirds would say no, but I'd still ask all those people, well, who are you voting for? And most would tell me the people who initially said, oh, I'm in a rush, or I, I can't talk. Those were mostly Harris voters, the people who said, I don't wanna talk to you. No, you're a medium person. Yeah. Or I don't want to talk on camera. I, people were overwhelmingly for Trump. I had an an 80-year-old lady who accosted our camera guy making sure that the camera was off.


And then she said, okay, it's off. I'm voting for Trump. I had people mouth the word Trump to me. Mm. They wouldn't even say it out loud. And these were in fairly red areas in Georgia, Pennsylvania, Michigan. And so I do think there is still a sizable chunk of people who would not with a gun to their head, tell a pollster who they're voting for. And that's the question, have the pollsters figured a way around that, that Right. I Tru Trump is now within 2% in Virginia with 36%. And I, I'm not a poll reader. I don't actually, you know, I I look at the RCP things and, but that's pretty close. Yeah. Not, not, not to belabor the point, but Florida has 88% of their voice votes counted. Pennsylvania has 7%. Right. It's just, there's no excuse for that.


That's outrageous. No, but Florida's on the east coast, right? That's true. That's, Yeah. By the way, I, I just was thinking, if I may inject the absurd, because it's such a serious evening that the, the daily wire evening does not function as baseball does. When you are removed, you can return to the game. Just a thought. And actually, since the rule changes, we also have a designated hitter. Unfortunate, We're so thankful for tonight's sponsors. We're gonna take a moment to tell you about one of them right now, and we'll be right back


Folks, even if you think it's a bit overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. It's not in your industry yet. It is coming and fast, But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs? Spiraling out of control time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? Oracle cloud infrastructure, or O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you are saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including MGM resorts, specialized bikes and fireworks ai. Right now, Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move to OCI for new US customers with minimum financial commitment offer ends December 31st, 2024. See if your company qualifies for the special offer at oracle.com/election. That's oracle.com/election. And thanks to Oracle sponsoring daily wires election coverage.


So results are starting to come in, we're starting to get some data, and as we've heard, a lot of the data is conflicting, but there's every reason for a certain amount of cautious optimism. People, I, I stepped out a bit ago, and we have a wonderful party taking place immediately outside the studio where a lot of our sort of friends of the Daily Wire, you know, people who live here in Tennessee, some of our family, even some influencers who came in from around the country are together having camaraderie, watching the results. And someone asked me, you know, how, how are you feeling? And I said, well, I'm not feeling sanguine. You know, I don't, no, How would you be crazy? I'm not, I'm not crazy. Yeah. Also, I think one of the reasons that we've been able to be successful in business is because as a general rule, I always take the position that we're a point behind.


Yeah. But in, in every success, I'm the wrong guy to have in the room. Sometimes they'll come to me and they'll say, Hey, we really need to give a pep talk to the team. And my pep talk always goes something like, you know, we could have done better, but we did do something good. So I'm not one generally for being overly optimistic, but I do think there's, there is optimism. So they're out There, they're drinking magars, I just saw, and so then I was one, if Trump does win, I think I will have a glass of the scotch that Matt has here. And if Trump loses, I think I will drink gasoline. I dunno if we have That. If, alright, so here's my, here's my vow, then if Trump wins, I will drink anything you give me.


Alright. Which is more than I have drunk in 50 years. I, I, I love tobacco. I don't like alcohol. I, I will drink. You'll raise a glass. I, I, there's no question about it. You know, it's, it's funny you, another moment of levity. I, I said after 2016 f for years in speeches on the radio that the night Trump won might have been the happiest night of my life. And I would add, including the birth of my two sons. Wow. So the left, something they said went ballistic, the left when Prager is so, so evil that he was happier when Trump won than when his own sons were Born.


Have you told your sons this? Oh, they think it's a riot. They tend to believe it. You know, this may have been covered while I was out, but I'm only just now seeing that West Virginia Governor Jim Justice won his state's senate race, which is the first flip of a seat for the GOP. We've been talking about how important it is that we hold the Senate. Whether the, whether the result of the presidential election goes our way or not, the Senate is of vital importance either for stymieing the Harris agenda or advancing the Trump agenda. So picking up a seat in West Virginia with Jim Justice is a, a great step That, you know, had we lost that seat, we could all go home.


That's that, that was the seat we really No, no. Clearly it was a guarantee. Is there a state that you guys who IIII do believe are, are more expertise in the political realm. I have more expertise. Is there a state? I mean, I don't say California or New York. I mean a real, a a possible state that if you learned now when for Trump, Virginia, That would be it. Yeah. It would be for all of you, Virginia. Certainly If he won Virginia, I I think we could go home. I, we could have. All right. Alright. I will say that I was just at the Daily Wire party, as I said, and our dear friend, aka AKA black Jeremy did tell me he thinks there's a chance New York goes for Trump. So I don't want you to think that no one is Sant.


Yeah. I think There is a certain amount, there's a certain amount of San, it's Now in Virginia, it's now 48.5 for Trump, 49.8 for Ka Harris with the poll. 37% of the votes. Guys, I Just wanna say, I think we can go home now In general, You know, there, there's also, we were talking a little bit about it, go home and watch, watch the coverage at home. We go to sleep or what we were talking about with, with some of the Senate races, there were some real opportunities. Oh yeah. I mean, Wisconsin, look, that's gonna depend a little bit on the top of the ticket too, but Eric Hdi Hass run a, a good campaign there. I feel good about Bernie Moreno in Ohio. I even feel pretty good about Mike Rogers in Michigan.


I'm not saying, I feel the odds are still stacked against him in Michigan, but he's got a Real shot. You think, you think, you think Sher Brown could lose? I think that Bernie Moreno has run a great Republican campaign. I think that there is a chance that Sherrod Brown loses. I'm not saying I would put money on that. I would put more money on Huffy than I would on Moreno, but I think he's run a good campaign. And I think Rogers, for that matter, you know, Michigan has trended a little bit blue, but I think Mike Rogers has run a good Campaign. Michael, I have to say to that point, that Rogers Slack and race, I saw an all time troll billboard in this race. I was in Dearborn last week, you know, all around, every single sign is in Arabic, and there's all the flags for different Eastern countries.


In the heart of Dearborn is a giant billboard with a picture of Kamala Harris and Slotkin, and an Amer and an Israeli flag. And it says Kamala and Slotkin, always friends of Israel. Nice. And it looks like a Harris ad. And the bottom says something like, you know, paid for by Friends of Harris. And it says, these women have always and always will stand with Israel right in the heart of Dearborn. Wow. And I saw it, and I initially thought, does, does the Harris campaign have the worst strategy ever work with their billboards? And I looked it up later and it was a, a Republican pac. You know, I I just to add to Matt's, keep his mood up because he gets depressed, it's ugly, you know. But my, my friend Jeff Anderson of the American Main Street Initiative, he is, was one of Trump's chief statisticians when he was in office.


And he, we've been talking every Sunday basically. And he's been saying, oh, well I, you know, I don't know. And tonight he said his, his prediction is that Trump has a 55% chance of winning the election. He's a very good poll watcher and, and quite has not been op optimistic. He's been very neutral. No, By by my math though, drew, I'm not a poll watcher either. That means that Trump has a 45% chance of losing. I don't Like that. No, I like the 55%. However, it's now virtually tied in Virginia. I don't even know what I'm looking at, but it's virtually tied. Wow. It's now 49 point 18 to 49. And and do you think four years ago at this point, is that it would be, it would've been different. Well, you know, Andrew, do you know how to work this laptop? You, Don County or something?


New York To New York Times? I went to liberal place Virginia tied at The moment. Yeah. And, and I'm looking the, the most blue states are blue districts are, are In, i, I am projecting Trump to win Virginia. If he, I'm projecting you, If You've declared it, I'm, I'm declaring it right now. I'm calling, I'm projecting optimism. You can't call, but I just Like you declare it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Dennis, What's the answer for you? Is there a state that if it goes blue or if it goes red, you Think that No, there isn't. I I I really, I know what I know and I don't, I know what I don't know. Which is a gift in life. If you, If anyone could achieve that.


Yes. So I, I I, my my read, my inclination is always the forest, not the trees. Yes. So I, I, I do believe I understand the current shaping the west in general and America specifically. But the, the question of what state will do what or what state matters to make the call that I, I asked to you, not because I have one in mind, I really wanted to know if you had one in mind, because then I'll watch that state avidly. Yeah. So, and you all seem, or at least the majority seem to say Virginia, But that, because that's such a reach. I mean, I, I if, if if Wisconsin came in and Trump won Wisconsin and we took the Senate seat, and I, that would, that, that I think is more realistic.


And I would feel really good going into the rest of the night On the, on the other side of that, if Donald Trump loses North Carolina, it isn't impossible for him to win the presidency. But I think that it would be almost impossible. Not, not even necessarily because of the electoral math, but because the Republican it's indicative it would be indicative, It would be indicative. That would be a terrible thing for us to see early in the Evening. So is is North Carolina determined by Roy Durham? Because I, I don't know what else, what, what am I missing? Mecklenburg County, Oh wait, U University in North Carolina. Chapel Hill. So right. Chapel Hill, is that what it's called? So it's all the big university towns are, are, have been poisoned by the university.


It's All that little triangle. Right. You know, chapel Hill and Rock. Oh, oh. So that's a tri. So that's it, basically. Because I can't imagine the rest of North Carolina is Democrat. What do you think about it? Cabot? Well, I think, yeah, Mecklenburg County is another big one there to watch where Charlotte is, I agree with you that I think from an electoral standpoint, you can pick up 16 electoral votes with Nevada and Arizona, which you could well do. Or Georgia is 16 as well as North Carolina. But it's more about what it would mean. Yeah. And the indication and the black vote. There is another one that I think is interesting to keep an eye on. They have the eighth highest rate of black voters in the entire country. Georgia's third. So I'm interested to see the turnout of black men in Georgia and the Atlanta area compared to North Carolina.


Also North, North Carolina. Sorry, just north. Please, before we go off North Carolina, another reason why that'd be a bad sign is that, you know, and we, we moved on from it in like 45 seconds like we do from everything. But in North Carolina, that's where the Biden Harris administration had their Hurricane Katrina moment. That's correct. And if there's no price to pay for that at all, like for, for for George Bush, that was a major scandal that lasted months and months. We still talk, we still remember it. And if there's just no price to pay for that, that you could have that kind of devastation in American communities that goes or basically abandoned by the federal government. Yes. If there's no price, then what do we, Okay. If there is no price, it reinforces the point I made the, the hour two hours ago when I was on.


And that is the ability of the press to brainwash even in a free society, which was revelatory to me. 'cause my field of study with Soviet affairs, I learned Russian to read Pravda, the communist paper. And I, I, it was a given to me that you could only brainwash people in a tyranny. It is now not true. I, I know for a fact you can brainwash people in a free society. The fact that the press made a big deal about Katrina and nothing about this shows you how profoundly the press will influence people even when it happens to them. The press defines it's eerie. The press defines reality for the people who lived the reality, not just for the people in other states that didn't have a storm.


It, it, it's, it's a very scary part of human nature. A little interruption for some results out of Georgia. It, it continues to trend in Trump's favor right now. So we've got 55, 44 for Trump. That's with 54% of the votes in, i I believe an hour ago decision deci, decision desk hq, our partners here gave Trump something like 69% chance of winning Georgia. That that continues to hold pretty strong. Hmm. If Trump, if Trump pulls Georgia, he's in the fight. The night's on track, the night is On track, he's in the fight. Yeah. And North Carolina right now actually trending in Harris's direction. 51 47. But that's only with just over 10%.


Yeah. Report. I mean, they're, they're just getting started in North Carolina. Trump, Trump is not ahead in Virginia, but the times are saying that they, they believe that race liens toward Harris because of the remaining votes favor Harris. Yeah. Matt, to your point about North Carolina and the devastation there, I was on the ground two weeks ago in Swano, Asheville, the surrounding communities there, the devastation, I mean, still a month and a half later, most Americans have forgotten about it. And the federal government also seems to have in many ways. But the amount of people I talked to on the ground there about the election, and these were in very red areas. Asheville obviously very liberal, but the surrounding counties, those were some of the reddest in the entire state. None of them had even thought about the election. And this was two weeks ago when I asked them, Hey, do you know if your polling location's damaged? Are you gonna be able to go vote?


They were all like, oh, I forgot that there's even an election going on. And so I'll be very interested to see what the voter turnout looks like in those counties. Not necessarily because they aren't able physically to vote. Because I did hear on the ground from a number of Republican officials that they were getting the voting centers operational, but that they're so devastated by other things that it's just the last thing on their mind right now. And is it still, the area still looks like a disaster zone? Or what does it look like? Yes, it was, it was a disaster zone in entire communities. It looked like a, a nuclear bomb had gone off. So right now it's still, they were just wrapping up the recovery of bodies when I was there. So I went out with the team of cadaver dogs with the group of veterans there.


But the, Do the people have any resentment towards the federal government? Or how do they feel? Who do they blame? I expected that there would be more, to be totally honest, I expected there would be more when I got there. And anytime I brought up their opinion of the federal government or their opinion of the Biden Harris administration, they, with the exception of one or two people, they just said, I don't wanna talk about politics right now. They said I lost my neighbor, or my house got destroyed. I I don't wanna talk about politics. And so there might be that resentment there and you know, that might be in other areas, but for the people who were actually hit, I didn't get the sense that they were thinking about the political aspect of it. Although, I will say, I talked to a number of victims who said it was five or six days before they met a single government aid worker.


Yeah. And that the only people helping them, it was the, the redneck Air force that I was embedded with for a day for veterans who just flew out Chinook helicopters that were private to Yes. Run recovery missions. Those were the people that were on the ground first. And, and Remember, remember how Bush was excoriated? 'cause he only flew over New Orleans at first. Like, but Biden didn't show up at all, I don't think. And Kamala did that ridiculous, you know, camera, which By the way, flying over it is a, is a totally sensible thing to do. What do you wanna do? Repel down into the middle of the flood Zone. Yeah. But Kamala Wright, Kamala made no attempt to even pretend to Care. So some numbers also coming out from the New York Times, my, my favorite thing to do on Election Night is to look at the, the liberal websites Yes.


And, and outlets. So right now, the, the Times says it's still a tossup, obviously, but it's, it's estimating Trump 2 79 Harris 2 59, the New York Times is giving Trump a 59% chance of winning Harris. A 41% chance. What matters here is that it's trending in Trump's direction. So, so it's, it's breaking away a little bit. The New York Times is predicting a Trump victory. Yes. They're right now, no, it says it's a tossup, but they're giving a clear, a decisive. Did I have Something to drink now? I know we're getting close. I really wanna Know to drink whatever we give you, right? That's right. No, no, absolutely. You can hold me to it. I really wanna know why he stopped drinking before we take him up.


That Just becomes so, So violent. When I would Sit at the table at the, Even my friends, I attacked them with it. So You've never had a, a Jager bomb maybe. We'll, you Know what, it's, We Have that at the Don't ask any questions. We'll, I was wondering why everybody at the party is naked now. I don't know. So I wanna take a few questions from our daily wire plus members. The first one here, drew, I'll ask this one of you. If Kamala loses, does she 25th Amendment Biden and become president for the remaining three months of his term, which isn't three, I guess it is three months of his term. Interesting. Probably not. I mean, the country seems to be running perfectly as well as it was. I shouldn't say it's running perfectly well.


It's running as well as it was under by back when we had A president When we, back when we actually had a president. So obviously it's being run by a cabal of leftist bureaucrats, you know, secretly manipulated by the Machiavellian Barack Obama from the Cellar or some, some, something like that. And so I, I don't think they wanna do anything that dramatic. I actually do believe if Trump wins convincingly, there will be wiser heads on the left who start to understand that they are seen, that when they try to silence us, they are seen trying to silence us, which was not true five years ago. I do think that it's true, and Ben Ben said this yesterday while we were on Tim cast IRL together, that the left, you have to give them credit for being professional at politics and they are willing to run more moderate campaigns.


Yep. If they think that that's the path, the path to power. You know, in my lifetime, I mean by today's standards, bill Clinton was basically a Republican Yeah. President, particularly during his first term. You know, he famously said the era of big government is over, that they're willing to do that if that's what it takes to win. But you know, when, when you get to the stakes in the election, I just want, you know what, why do I want Donald Trump to win? I mean, obviously I liked not being engaged in wars. I like decisive action to actually defeat Isis. I liked killing Soleimani and Iraq. I liked the tax cuts, I liked the judicial appointments, I liked the, the executive orders. But I really want Trump to win more than anything for these two reasons.


I want the left to have to wake up in four years and see Donald Trump leave office. Hmm. Because they've essentially said that he won't, I mean, they've said this guy's Hitler, he is a fascist. He's a dictator. If he comes into power, it's, it's the end of everything. So it the same way that I want to get to whatever the day is when it's too late to save the planet from global warming. Yeah. Just so they have to stop talking. Like either way they have to stop talking about it, they're gonna keep talking about it. I also want the, but the number one reason I want Donald Trump to win is because I want an end. FDR got elected to a fourth term. Let's not elect Barack Obama Yeah. To a fourth term. Yeah. B Barack Obama has essentially been the power in the Democrat party for the last 16 years.


The reason he was so quick to, to advance Kamala Harris for this role is because she's a vacuous brain dead, probably drug and alcohol adult non-person. I mean, she, she literally is the non-person player or whatever at the, the, the non-person character, which means that Barack Obama just gets four more years of essentially being the most powerful person. Not, not vested with the power of constitutional authority. Yeah, yeah. But vested with just the power of influential authority in that party. I want that to be gone. If you defeat Kamala Harris now in four years, the Democrats are gonna have to run an actual candidate. And an actual candidate will have their own opinions and their own ideas and won't just be a puppet for Barack Obama and his former staff.


That's why Barack Obama doesn't want that to happen. It's why he wanted Joe Biden, even though he doesn't, he hates Joe Biden. But he liked the fact that Joe Biden was already dead. Yeah. He likes the fact that Kamala Harris is, is an idiot may maybe has never been alive. Yeah. So it would just delight me if we no longer had Barack Obama, The, the chief reason I would wanna see Trump win. There are many, many reasons you named most of them. But the chief one is because without violence and without violating the First Amendment, I want the news media to know how much we despise them, how much we distrust them, how much we see them lying. I I I do not know how to send that message any better than to Reelect Donald Trump and to say, You know what? 'cause it means they were irrelevant. They were Irrelevant. Yeah, that's right. Yeah.


So was the question raised? I if, if she, if she loses, would they make her president for the last three months? If she, would she, if she wins, would they make her president? Well, Why would Well, I thought she, I thought they should be. Yeah, I thought it. No, you, you're correct. So it it, it, I I had a, I had a thought on that, that it would be in our interest that she were president for three months, then they can never say again. Never Blacked woman president. They would have lost that. I idiotic pointless. I i if there's something I loathe it is tribalism.


I remember when a beautiful human being, Joe Lieberman Yeah. Was, was named vice presidential candidate under Al Gore. I mean, and, and, and I knew Lieberman personally. He was a, an one is talk about an honorable man in politics. Everyone recognized that I didn't vote for him, my relatives did. And one of my relatives who was, who's a very, very bright and wonderful human being said, Dennis, we finally think about it. A Jew vice president of the United States and, and you are voting for the, the Republicans. And, and, and I didn't bother arguing, but I realized I don't think that way. I don't, I don't believe I need to look like my leaders.


I don't believe I need to be the same ethnic group or religious group. There, there is, there is no part of me that understands why that is a beautiful idea. But Dennis, don't you think that Valium addicted brain, dead young, young women of mixed ethnicity deserve to see a president who looks like them? It's been too long. Really? You know, isn't Pretty concerned. Insinuations out of your Commentary isn't this time isn't? You get this, the argument, the one that drives me, that you, well they, we want a Supreme Court that looks like America or we want a this that looks like America. Right. Do do, wait, and I know I'm one of the 10 million people who've asked this question, but it's nevertheless worth asking, does anybody rooting for their NBA team care if the team looks Like Seriously?


Right. And That's not what they, that's not what they want anyway, because it looks like America means that any institution is 13% black and they want to be a lot more than that. Yeah. Yeah. I But if we go around the table to talk about why we want Trump to win, I and they've, we've already covered a lot of the good reasons, but I also think it'll just be hilarious if Trump goes two and oh against female candidates. If the first two female presidential candidates are defeated by Donald Trump, That would be a good one. Hilarious. My answer relates to Jeremy's a little. 'cause that was a really insightful point, Jeremy, when you said, I want Trump to win so that the Democrats so we can all see the day when he leaves office and that will prove them wrong. And he didn't declare himself, Caesar, I want Trump to be president so that he declares himself Caesar and reigns forever.


And Baron will take over after him and we will have a glorious boxed tamana that will auger great goods for the the world. That's why I didn't kick the question to him. We're gonna take a minute to show you some of the cool stuff going on here at Daily Wire and we will be right back. We want to be the world's greatest media company. This company represents a whole new generation. We're building alternatives and the alternatives are working. Americans have enormous economic might. They just don't have any alternatives. And we're gonna give them to 'em. It's going to change everything and buy my new razor. Instead, they'll like what we make more. They'll trust what we make more.


We'll hit the target every single time. Let's make a movie. We are just getting started. We decided to spend a hundred million dollars making kids content. We're gonna knock it out of the park and no one else is gonna do it. 5, 4, 3, 2. It really has been an unbelievable four years since the last presidential election. If you'll recall, four days after the 2020 election, we moved the daily wire out of Los Angeles, which had been my home for 20 years. Drew's home since the mid 17 hundreds.


Ben's home his entire life except for that brief stint at, at Harvard. And we moved to Nashville, our, our adopted home home of the company with a great governor in Bill Lee, a great attorney general, great state government here. A a real welcoming red state, even though of course Davidson County is a blue county. And in that time on, on Election Night 2020, we announced that we were first moving into entertainment and we've really accomplished an incredible amount since that time. Not only has Matt, I think made the two most important documentaries, basically of my lifetime. Not only have we made movies with Gina Carano made, you know, acquired the rights from Dallas Sonya and bonfire legend to the, the Remarkable Run, hide Fight.


But we also have made the Pin Dragon cycle, which will be launching next year. We, we brought you Bent key, our children's app, which is one of the things that we're the most proud of.


All of this work is made possible by our Daily Wire members. We'll be taking more questions from them throughout the evening. If you're not a member, please consider becoming one. We're running a great special today. If you use promo code fight@dailywireplus.com slash subscribe, you will get 47% off 47 because we hope that Donald Trump is the 47th president. I recognize that there is some risk in the promo code. And believe you me, if the night doesn't go the way we want, we will change the promo code very, very quickly.


So we've got an update out of Decision Desk hq. They're putting Trump's chances in North Carolina at 73%. Oh, that's good. Whoa. Pretty good. Pretty good. Georgia also looking pretty good. Don't wanna count our chickens. But Another shout out for my boys in Florida. First big polling Miss in the evening. Those RCP averages had Trump at plus eight and Rick Scott at plus 4.5. They're both gonna win by plus 12. Whoa. Wow. Whoa. That's great. Florida. How, how do You feel about Florida? Yeah, I Love, it's the best. Let me just tell you how much Florida kicks ass. Okay. This is how good Florida is. Florida put up four constitutional referendum abortion on demand and legalized marijuana, and both went down inflaming defeat because Florida is as stated, amazed ball. I'm, I'm pretty amazed that, you know, I, I thought the abortion one would go down.


I didn't think the other one would go down. Well, So again, DeSantis got on his horse and he like actually did the work Yeah. In that state. And Brian Kemp, by the way, did that in Georgia too. Like serious, seriously full credit to Brian Kemp, who trump crapped upon for literally years. And, and Brian Kemp went out and he, he's been stumping for Trump. I mean, he is been doing the work. So, you know, that that is, that is the, let's put this way, the good graces go both ways. Again, just go one way. That's, we've talked about Donald Trump, you know, forgiving his enemies and, and people who have opposed him. And it also works the other way. There are a lot of people who, you know, Donald Trump did not treat amazingly well over the course of the last few years who have shown up for him. I mean, we all remember he didn't treat Ron de Sans particularly well. De Chances went out and he worked very, very hard for Donald Trump in the state of Florida.


And, and it makes a a big difference when, when we, when we unify, it's better. It's better. Yeah, That's right. Do any of you have a theory? I had 'em on my show today and I almost never have politicians on it. It's not, I'm not anti politician. I don't have that silly view. They run the gamut like any other group of human beings, but it's just who, Who are scump sucking bottom door. Yeah. Yeah. But, but I I, it's just not the nature of my show. Yeah. But I so admire Ted Cruz. He, he is such a fighter for good things. Is he really in trouble in, in this race? Ted Ted Cruz was in trouble in this race. I consider Ted my only friend in government. And it's again, I, I think that as far as come sucking bottom dwellers go, the head is tops.


He's tops in my book and, and a friend of the Daily Wire. And he, he was in genuine trouble. I mean, for one thing, you know, there has been an enormous shift in Texas and the shift in Texas is not that they've imported a bunch of Californians. As it turns out, the Californians they've imported are largely conservative. It's that they have this uncontrolled border. They've had it now for so long that it is beginning to erode Texas. It's, it's not, I mean it is still decidedly a red state, but it is purling up. And Ted was trailing behind Trump in the state. In poll after poll, the Democrats decided to run Colin Alred, who is something of a cultural figure. He was obviously a Tennessee Titan NFL football player.


So the, the kind of guy who could get some sizzle down in Texas, and it became the most expensive Senate race in the country. Right. That's What he said. They, they spent an enormous amount of money trying to unseat Ted. And one of the reasons Ted is vulnerable is because Trump kind of shied him at the RNC, you know, back in 2016. And because Ted has played so hard himself with people like Mitch McConnell and his colleagues in the Senate, that they didn't give him a lot of Yeah. Support from the institution in this race. And so I do think that at the beginning of this race, and even as recently as six weeks ago, they, there was a lot of very concerning polling for Ted coming out of, coming out of Texas.


You know, I got to get involved in that race actually in my own way. Not, not as a representative of the Daily Wire, but as a friend of Ted Cruz. And I wrote an ad for him, which I, I think turned out maybe to be the, the, the ad, the state level ad that had the most money spent on it out of any race in the country this year. I was really proud of the ad. It was The, I assume you, you probably saw the ad, it was the ad where Colin all read tackles a little girl in the football field because he supported transgenderism in sports. That's Right. And it was a, it was a brutal ad, I'm not gonna lie, But It turns, turns out, it turns out it was very effective and the super PAC spent a lot of money on it, on airing it in Texas.


And, and I think that Ted has run a great campaign in Texas, and I do not think he goes into the evening tonight in trouble. It would be, in fact, I'll go so far to say, I think that if Ted Cruz loses his race in Texas, Kamala Harris is gonna win the presidency. They're gonna win the Senate, they're gonna win that. Like Yes. Whereas I don't know that that was necessarily the case even as recently, six weeks, eight weeks ago, weeks ago. Right. But he's, he's put in the effort, he's running great. Good. Having Ted's been all over the state And Ben campaigned with him two days ago. Yeah. In Macal, like massive, massive energy for, for Ted Cruz. By the way, one piece of, of interesting NB cpol, again, the, always with the proviso that exit poll is our chicken end trails, but the Pennsylvania independent voter exit poll out of NBC news Trump 50, Harris 44.


Hmm. If that holds, Trump's gonna win, Pennsylvania's gonna win the presidency. Wow. Wow. So, you know, let's, let's hope that that holds well meanwhile, Brent Buchanan from Signal, he is with us and he has some updates from Georgia. Brent, tell us all about what's happening in Georgia as more of the vote is coming in. Well, we're starting to see some of the northern counties begin to report, which is what we had talked about earlier. And so we look at places like Cobb County, Georgia here is beginning to report. So this is a very large county that in the past has voted for Joe Biden. Lemme look at the numbers here. So this was a, a seat that, or a, a county that Joe Biden won by 14 points.


And you can see that currently he is doing some quick math here. I love tenths of a percentage. He's currently up by 16 points or she's up by 16 points in this seat. So one of the biggest trends that we're beginning to see across Georgia specifically is that there are some places where she's doing better, she's improving upon Biden's margins. The vote share is higher, but then you're starting to see some of these rural counties come in also too. And so we've got Forsyth County here as an example, and this is a, a county that, that Trump won by 33 points and currently he is up by 37.


So you can see you've got kind of a counterbalance effect here of two Northern Arc Georgia counties. One Red America is getting redder and Blue America is getting bluer is what this tells Me. That's a really good point. And then you throw in, again, let's go back to Fayette County that we were talking about earlier. This is a county that Trump won by seven and now you can see how tight this margin is. And so if we're talking about Blue and Red America, Fayette County is the county in between blue and red America. And it has shifted somewhat in, in her direction. So overall, we're seeing a lot of the same trends and that the rural are doing better. But, but this partisanship gap of, if, if you were in a blue county, you're getting, you're, you're voting even more heavily blue, at least in the swing states.


And again, I go back to what you brought up in, in the last segment talking about Loudoun County. That's a really interesting place because they had 220,000 votes in 2020. That's down to about 212,000. So an 8,000 vote drop. And it, and it looks to have almost come exclusively off of the back of Kamala Harris. And so Donald Trump is performing at his ballot, actually a little bit above the ballot share that he got in 2020 in a county like that. And then you combine that with Florida, which is just wildly read, and you begin to see how the national polling has showed a very tight presidential race. And we saw a lot of this in 2022 also where Republicans were at plus two nationally on the generic ballot and ended up in that place and then just barely won the House of Representatives.


And so I, I don't think this election is turning out so far to look much like 2020 or even 2016. It's got a lot of 2022 vibes to it at least, that we're starting to see come in. And that's very strong Republican votes, but it's not showing up evenly across the country. And so I'm really interested to see what other states that aren't like a Florida as they come in, you know, we're sitting here at, at Georgia in total of about 63% reporting. This margin continues to get closer as the votes are counted. And I think this is gonna be a really indicative state as we begin to go through the night.


But it, again, it, it feels a whole lot like 2022 right now where republicans are performing very strongly, but it's not necessarily netting us yet in the places that we need it to net us vote. It's just increasing our margins in places like Florida and Loudoun County that actually don't matter that much overall. So. Well let's talk about sort of, you know, the, the, the question of, of voting by race. We've seen some max polls that show that Trump is performing strongly so far in Hispanic districts. There, there was an exit poll that somebody had cited earlier that suggested that, that he was doing well with black men in, in Georgia. Well what, what did the turnout look like? Do we, do we know yet in terms of exit polling or any other data, what, what the turnout looks like racially in a state like Georgia, which is obviously a, a very heavily demographically black state.


Yeah, a lot of those counties haven't reported yet, especially the rural black counties. So if, if we come down to some of these counties down here, so Coffee County, we can look at some of the census data of what this looks like. I mean, this is 28% black. This, what's really interesting is that this county actually looks a whole lot demo, at least racially like the state of Georgia. It, it does over index on Hispanic and under index Asian. But it gets the black percentage about right when you're thinking about what the voting population is going to be. And then as we look at the, the results for Coffee County, it hadn't come in at all. So that, there's just several places where there's not a ton of votes. I mean, they're, they're expecting what, 16,000 votes here for Coffee County as an example.


But there's just a lot of holes in the map still. And, and even when we look at places like Fulton County here, 74% reporting. I mean, this is turning out pretty much like you would project, so this Fulton County is Atlanta and then goes into Buckhead and, and a little bit further north into that, that top part there that you see. And so we we're, I would say we're still pretty early in the, in the night if we're gonna say that there are good Republican data points and good Democrat data points. If I had to compare the two, I would say that there are more good Republican data points so far coming in and, and they tend to look like it's trending even more so that direction. And We do have a couple of of calls from the Associated Press.


The Associated Press is saying that Virginia is gonna go for Kamala Harris. And they are also suggesting that I, I believe, what was the other state there, there's another state. They, they just called for, for Kamala Harris, Illinois, I believe Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Hampshire is the one that, that was sort of my outlier. There goes my map, it would've been fun. My, my map was in my dream map, he wins New Hampshire, they called New Hampshire for Kamala Harris as well. So what exactly happened in New Hampshire? There were some dreams. Some of us had dreams. Those dreams have been dashed of New Hampshire turning red. Well again, it's 33% reporting. So it's, we, we can't really look into it and say what happened. I, I think it's just, if you're looking at states that aren't actually that competitive and have not had hundreds of millions of dollars spent on them, they're kind of performing like you would expect them to perform.


Not a lot of money was spent in Florida. This go around and I think that depresses the Democrat and left-leaning, non-affiliated voter turnout there. And a place like New Hampshire. There's just, there wasn't much advertising. We, we did a huge study in 2022 after the election and looked at where large amounts of spendings went compared to races that didn't have a lot of spending. And you saw if it was a red seat and it didn't have any spending, you actually saw severe drops in Democratic turnout because they had no reason to show up. Like they knew it was gonna be a guaranteed victory. And so places like New Hampshire, a really good example where not a whole lot of money spent, not even, not even a ton of money in the congressional races comparatively were spent.


And so it's, it is just giving you what you would expect it to give you in, in a final result. Well, Brent p Kennan will check back in shortly.


Our election map coverage this evening is made possible by our sponsor Lumen Hack your Metabolism with one simple device, understand your body more with Lumen.


It's Interesting that you know Trump and is running ahead of Kamala in, in Virginia. And the the Times is, is saying that she's, it still leans her way, but they're not saying she Well, I mean, they've actually called, I mean the AP called it for her, the AP called it. I mean well, but that's why again, we're the amateurs. I mean, like really if, if they're calling it, the reason that they're calling it is because the counties that have already reported tends to be the more red counties. They're bunch of outstanding blue counties. They know how that's gonna Go. Now look, looking at the lib outlets, I'm checking in again with our friends at the New York Times. Yeah. They are continuing to increase Trump's chances at the presidency. They're now putting it at 60 40 Trump. Their ev breakdown is 2 79 to 2 59 before New Hampshire came in.


They had it up to two 80 as a possibility. But okay, we're at 2 79. Still. You were seeing a little breakaway here. Even coming from the, the liberal outlets, It says it's a toss up, but it's the, the meters moving closer to Lean. They've got the needle back. The needle is back the fi needle head 99%. Where that's, I wanna get to where a degenerate gambler crowd. You Know, Megan, what, what are you hearing from the evangelical, you know, we've heard so much about the evangelicals being kind of told not to vote or told that they should vote woke or whatever. What are you, what Are you hearing? I mean, that's a very real thing. Yeah, I it's both from a standpoint of you have pastors and I can tell you some very well-known influential pastors, people like Andy Stanley who, he, he has a church of about 38,000 in Georgia, and he had a book out last year called Not in It to Win It, why Choosing Sides Sidelines the Church.


So I think that that has been a major factor. Jeremy was talking about this earlier, the messaging that you're getting from a lot of these pastors, that it's dirty to get your hands in politics rather than understanding that, look, we as a constituency have to be able to, to leverage our political power for the cause of righteousness. That's, that's not what they're arguing. And at the same time, you also have literally, and you and I talked about this on your show, hard left secular foundations who are funneling money into gambits and efforts to try to push this narrative that it's, it's better for Christians to abstain from the political process that Jesus is neither left nor right.


And of course, the implication there is that the left and right are moral equivalents and they're not. But I think you have a lot of pastors who are unwilling to stand up and seem like they're partisan and push back against that narrative. This you've been a very sensitive subject. I had Jack Hibs on one of the, the best known pastors in the country for an hour last week on my show, begging fellow evangelicals to vote. But this notion, Jesus is neither left nor right. And it doesn't matter whether you're Catholic, Protestant, or Jew. I, for 17 years have conducted Yom Kipper and Rosh Hashanah services in Los Angeles.


And I'm, I'm I, I never talk, I never talk politics by the way. That's one of the reasons I founded this synagogue was not to talk politics. But I'm, I'm obviously conservative in every, in, in, in religiously and, and morally and one of my subjects, and I choose them very carefully. 'cause most of the people have heard me on the radio and in speeches. So I, I I need something really big, but not one that I've addressed. How does one explain when religion specifically Judaism and Christianity or Christianity doesn't make people better? It, it's a, it's a, it's always bothered me.


The first book I wrote, I was 24 years old. The nine questions people ask about Judaism and, and one of the questions was, if religion is supposed to make people better, how do you account for unethical religious people? And that, that has bothered me since high school. The Bible is so clear that God wants us to be good. My favorite verse in the entire Bible is, those of you who love God must it's a commandment. The Hebrew is in a command, must hate evil. If you don't hate evil, you don't love God. So for a, for a pastor or a rabbi that's irrelevant or a pope to say that Jesus doesn't take sides.


It, it, it is, he doesn't take sides on whether you cut girls' breasts off. If they save their boys. That that's frightening. It's a problem. Could you deliver that message to the evangelicals? Oh, I, I I do, I I speak to Christians more than to Jews. I will say that there is an aspect of Jesus, which is, you hate to use modern political vernacular to talk about ancient religious figures. But there is a liberal aspect to Jesus in the sense that Dr. Jordan Peterson often says that the, the purpose of the liberal in a healthy society is to speak for the underrepresented is to, is to speak for anyone who, because in any sort of hierarchy of, of any kind, there are going to be people who get disenfranchised.


There are gonna be people who, who the system looks over and someone has to remind those of us who are in power, those of us who are ascendant to, to remember those people and to care for them. But that's about where the, that's about where the comparison can stop. Religion is fundamentally a conservative exercise because it posits that the greatest wisdom that's ever, you know, been presented in human history is behind us. And it, Right, there's also there a transcendent eternal moral. That's The nature and all, you know, it's hard to square that with the liberal project, which is in itself largely a rejection of religion. I mean, you think of the French Revolution is where we get the terms left and right.


And what does that come from? That comes from the National Assembly where the Catholics sat on the right and the atheists sat on the left. And that was, that was pretty much the, the breakdown. Speaking of the French Revolution, our friend Tim Pool is joining us now. And not a moment too soon because the polls are closing in a number of states just in the last few minutes. All, all throughout the central part of the country, including, including Texas. My, my home state, which you'll be shocked to learn, is being universally called for Donald Trump. So, you know, there were going into the election, there were all kinds of things that people were, you know, maybe New York will go for Trump and maybe Texas will go for Harris. Yeah. All that is wish casting. We still, we still live in a world where Gravity works. Yeah.


Here's some quick calls. Trump wins Wyoming, Trump wins. Kansas, Trump wins. North Dakota, Trump wins. South Dakota, Trump wins Nebraska, Trump wins Louisiana and Kamala wins New York. So Donald Trump's big dream of winning New York while that one went down in flames, because that's a really stupid idea. Hey, Kamala Harris In Texas, Kamala Harris went Ohio. Harris did Trump, Kamala Harris did campaign in Texas. Is that All just, that all just came in right now? Yeah. All just, yeah. As you were walking over. Right, Right, right. Well, how you, how, how you guys feeling? We've been tracking the decision desk forecast giving Trump's about 70% chance to win. And it's going down a little bit, but it's staying about two to one. So what do we think? I don't know, man. What do you think My, the, the whole time, the scariest thing is the quote unquote shadow campaign.


Right? Time Magazine writes that article 2020 had a shadow campaign. We go to bed trump's ahead in all the, all the numbers, and then we wake up and he is not winning. Based on what I've seen on the ground, based on I went to Philadelphia and there were Trump signs in downtown Philadelphia and the surrounding residential areas that, that to me was crazy to see an urban center that was Republican or that people were unafraid. And so that, my gut just says, Trump's got the edge, whatever that means. But I don't know. The Republicans have the procedural capabilities that Democrats have. I think Ben, you were saying they're way more professional. Yeah. That, that is worrying to me. Yeah. And so there, there, there was some Gallup data that suggested that a much higher percentage of Democrats had heard directly from the Kamala campaign than Republicans had heard from the Trump campaign.


The, the Democrats are granular on this sort of stuff. They know how to ballot harvest. They'll knock on doors. They, they'll do whatever it takes to get their people out. Republicans, it, it always feels like, okay guys, just please just go like, and the, and the more we just shout, vote at people that somebody out there, it's, you know, you'll open your window, you'll shout, vote in some person in Pennsylvania will hear you and then immediately run to the polls. With that said, I mean the enthusiasm that that Trump, you know, does enable in the voting population on both sides, but largely on the right is unprecedented obviously in, in American history. And, and you are, you are seeing that show up if you had to game it out Right now, Trump is a slight favorite. I think everyone sort of acknowledges at this point that Trump is a slight favorite, but it's a very slight favorite.


So like the needle, the New York Times the Defense Needle. Yeah. They right now have it leaning right between, it's a toss up and Lean Trump. Like they, they have it very slightly favoring President Trump. He's very slightly favored to win Pennsylvania. He's, he's slightly favored still to win Nevada and North Carolina according to the New York Times. Right. So I'm not citing a left wing source right there. And of course, it, it, it seems as though we're having a better time tonight than the people in SNB BBC are. Yeah. From what I'm hearing from my, you know, I'm getting a lot of text from People. That was part of the reason my joy. You, you know, the whole night I watched the left wing media be I, it was, Oh well we're just gonna, we're gonna live stream MSN bbc if, if if, if this goes the wrong way, we're just gonna like put a live camera outside Kamala's headquarters and we're just gonna watch people scream into the night.


And it's gonna be just wonderful. I, There will be joy. It's Not Be so happy. There'll be Joy. Do you guys all know the term Schaden Freud? Yeah. Joy at others' misery. So I don't generally have that, but that night, eight years ago. Well, And if they do it tonight day, it's like, it's like the purge. Right. All, all moral rules are off. Yeah. By the suffering of others. I, I have been very honest with myself for the past several days. I, I have relatives and friends who are big libs. You know, I'm from New York. I lived in LA a lot of Democrat friends and I won't bring it up with them and I won't come up at Thanksgiving. Right. I won't. Exactly. However, I have two buddies Yeah. Who were New York Democrats and I am, I don't even, I don't wanna get ahead of myself, but I am salivating at the prospect of rubbing it in their faces so hard.


So I don't, they're the only two. I think it's, otherwise we have to have a politics of grace and every, but there will be some Schaden Freud. I think it might be unavoidable. Well, as a, as a warning to others, we must engage in Schaden Freud. Do Not repeat this exercise again. It's like punishing your child. You don't wanna do it. You really don't wanna do it, but it has to be done. It Hurts you More than it hurts you more than our That's right. Exactly. This is why I really hope that Trump wins the popular vote. If Trump wins the electoral college and loses the popular vote, I know I'm gonna go to Thanksgiving and they're gonna say, you guys only win because of some archaic procedure. We are the popular Man. A procedure called the Constitution. You guys only win 'cause of your government. I Want Trump to win the popular vote. So I can just say you're wrong about everything. And we, and we are right about everything.


Well, it doesn does right now, Ohio, by the way, You have that too. You, you have a lot of relatives who are, who are on the left. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. So wait, Oh yeah. So do you know, oh, so this is a fascinating question. I love, I love this sort of thing. 'cause I always ask people about their own per personal lives. I'm fascinated the only human being I know, and you must understand how many I've asked, including people I meet, which is a lot on the radio, just people calling in. Literally the only person I know all of whose relatives are conservative is my wife. Wow. Really? Yes. Lucky her. The no kidding.


She's gonna live till 170. There's no, she has no misery At that point though. What, what's the point of going to Thanksgiving? You know, you can Look forward. It's great. Yeah. At Least turkey's good. I feel like Biden's having a bad election. Oh Yeah. Is this true that bi Joe Biden was wearing red? So Joe was, Joe was when Joe, when Joe voted So, so for for sure 100% Joe voted for Trump. One. Gotta be, Gotta be right. She despises Kamala Harris. At the very least, they wrote in Joe Biden, there is no way they won. Hundred. I I heard she wrote in Joe. Yeah. And she wore red. Yeah. That, that, that would make the Most sense. That's amazing. Yeah.


Yeah. So, you know, She wore red. That matters. Right? It added new thing. Well, Swearing the Republican colors. Right? Like Yeah. No, I didn't know that. Remarkable. Remarkable. It's like a nudge, nudge, you know. But d doesn't but doesn't Donald Trump often wear a blue tie? I mean, I, I I just now he's got the red tie, the yellow tie. He always has a red tie. Really? Occasionally the blue, you know, something people forget about I wearing Election Night history. He switch it. Yeah. It was always up in the air. Sometimes, you know, when Reagan won, it was blue was Republican and red was Democrat, Which is the way it ought to be. Yes. I The red The reds. But it was, it was the 2000 election, I think it was Tim Russer in particular.


That was really when it started to solidify as red for Republican, blue for dem. And I totally agree with you, Dennis, that they are lit, actually reds, so it fits them. And red is an, it is an unattractive color. Oh, I'm wearing a red shirt jacket. But I mean that bright red you, it's like a stock sign or something. Burgundy. This is burgundy. This is more like a plum. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Burg you know, Ohio, it looks like Bernie Moreno is, is gonna cruise to victory over Shared Brown. Then let's go. That was, that was a close. Really? Let's go. I Think she Brown is gonna be ousted. All right, baby. Wow. That's big. Yeah. That that'd be, that takes Republicans to 52 in the Senate. Wow. Which is a more durable majority, obviously. Wow. West Virginia was fairly obvious. Yeah. When they, they called that. I'm like, I live there and Yeah. Shane on our show, like, there's no cities in West Virginia.


You've got nothing to worry about. No, no, that's a great line. Yeah. So we're being joined right now from Harris HQ in DC by our very own Spencer Lindquist Spencer. How are thing shaping up over there? Yeah, that's right. So we're here in DC right in the middle of the swamp. And people have been really trickling in. Now most everybody is here at the party, and it is a large crowd. I spoke with some people earlier and they said they were cautiously optimistic. It was three young women who go to school here at Howard and they all think Kamala's gonna take it, but really none of them seemed too confident. So it still have a long night ahead of us before we have any results. Have you been able to talk to any attendees inside the party?


Yeah, some of the attendees inside the party, you know, it, it really is a large crowd. They're, they're listening to music right now and really kind of just hanging out, waiting for these results to roll in. You know, we saw Illinois be called for Harris, a couple of other deep blue states be called for Harris. And, and they're sitting here watching, kind of waiting for these results to roll in. And people seem to be, you know, they're, they're excited. A little bit jittery even, and cautiously optimistic I think is the, the general tone of those here on the ground. I don't mind that they're jittery. What do you think is the most likely victory map if she does win? End up winning tonight? You know, reporters and analysts all week leading up to this election have said that Kamala Harris' most direct path to victory really could lead through those three key rust belt states.


There's three, three swing states. So you've got Michigan, Wisconsin, and of course Pennsylvania, which has 19 electoral votes. And if Kamala Harris won those three states, you could have Trump winning North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, even Nevada. And you would still come away with a very, very slim margin. But at Kamala Harris victory nonetheless. So those three states really are key. And they're gonna be ones that we're gonna be keeping an eye on tonight. And as you've been looking around DC for the last day or two, you know, we, we see reports about shopkeepers boarding up their businesses. Are you seeing that? Yeah. Yeah. We were hanging out really right around the, right around the White House in downtown Washington DC and there was a number of different businesses ranging from, you know, small restaurants to office buildings.


And they were putting up plywood. You know, we saw violence here in DC after Trump's inauguration in January of 2017. We saw violence around the country directly following Trump's election in 2016. So there is an indication that if Trump does win this election, there could be more left wing violence here. And that's exactly what those businesses are preparing for. If they start boarding up the windows at the White House, please text us. That's the thing. I'm gonna wanna get a headstart. Well, Really Appreciate Spencer. We'll check back in with you in just a little bit.


Daily wire's footprint at Harris HQ was made possible by friends at PDs debt. Get a custom plan right now to become a debt free at PDs dot.com/daily wire,


by the way, a, a good exit poll alert, this one from NBC News suggesting that Donald Trump may win up to 45% of Latino vote. Wow. That is a big number. That is a very, very big number. Mostly Puerto Ricans. Probably. Yeah. What did Bush get in oh four? He got a huge Number, but I think he, I think he had about 45% somewhere around There. Okay. The historic, that was the biggest ever, right? Yeah. Yes, yes. Wow. Well, it it's a major realignment. I mean, they, again, the, the Democrats for a couple of reasons have totally misread the Hispanic population in the United States. Yeah. I mean, they misread them on policy because they think that they're just a bunch of left wing San Francisco liberals, so long as you keep the border open. But they also, I think made a huge mistake in 2020, misreading the Hispanic population by, by using this, this dumb ass notion of bipoc.


Yeah. Right. This idea that like every member of minority was the same as every other member of minority. So Asians were the same as black people. It's the same as Hispanic people. First of all, Hispanic people ain't even the same as Hispanic people. Right. Of course, Cuba is not the same as Argentina, which is not the, not the same as Venezuela. I mean, these are all different countries with completely different histories and they think different ways and, and the attempt to lump everybody. And then I think in 2020 when they were like, listen, if you're Latino, you must believe that Black Lives matter is the most important thing in the world. You start to see the shift then. And I think you saw a lot of Hispanics go, I, you know. No, the answer is no. That's, that's not the same thing. I think Latinx was probably offensive to a lot of Hispanic people as well. They said so, I mean, they're like, what does that mean? Yeah. Who Are you talking to? You know, we do know though, actually, that the Democrats are aware at some level that Hispanics are not all the same.


Because Obama, as he was opening up immigration from everywhere in Latin America, did close the door on the Cubans. He said, no, for the first time, forget about those Cubans, you're going back. But everyone else, Venezuelans, please come over. Meanwhile, another NBC news exit poll in Wisconsin suggesting this dacia burns of NBC news suggesting that Trump has doubled his black support in Wisconsin. Wow. Trump is pulling apparently about 20% of the black vote versus 78% for Kamala Harris. Four years ago, he won 8% of black voters in Wisconsin. I mean, you're, you're At percent, You're looking at identity realignment. Yes. Happening in real time in this election cycle. It's amazing. And so the final identity, the Democrats are just banging on as white ladies, white single ladies. That is, that, is that really honest to God?


Well, black Lady, black ladies too. We, we Call them say single ladies, we should say single ladies are, they are the constituency of the Democratic Party. That's right. Which is why Kamala Harris' campaigned so hard to get those people out to vote and campaign almost solely on abortion because she's dropping support like, like flies with Hispanic men, with black men, people With capacity for reason. I mean Also, and, and it's not, it's not, it actually is not distributed evenly, like among, among single women. It's not as though everybody of every race who's single. I think that there is, it, it, it really depends on how likely you are to get married as a single woman, as a member of those populations. Right. If you're like, this is a question that we were talking about with Jordan was married, women obviously vote very much like their husbands. Is that because they're being, you know, forcibly abused by their husband?


Or is it because the 10 of women, the types of women who tend to get married tend to be the types of women who vote like their husbands And people also marry people like themselves a little bit. Well, but marriage also changes people. Yeah, of course. I think that's an important part of it. Of course. And children, and children change people. But it's, it's also increasingly a self-selected group. Meaning the kinds of people who want to get married are also the kinds of people who are gonna tend to vote Republican a little bit. I say the New York Times, Kelly IAT is now your governor of New Hampshire. She's a Republican. So that's, I, you know, that's, Trump doesn't win the state, but IAT is the governor Of, that's the first Republican governor They've had Chris Like five minutes ago. No. Oh, yes. Okay. I'm sorry. I do wanna say the worst thing that I saw, New York Times needle has now shifted over to leaning to Trump in the, it is now lean Trump 66 to 34.


Wait, what's 66? 34. 66% likelihood, according to the New York Times. Why do you keep saying it's what? No, well, you kept saying, he said it's just slightly, I don't under, that's not, they're Saying leaning Trump, but they're saying the, like the likelihood given that lean, it's so it went from toss up into the lean category. This is all this like stupid needle. We Talk about why 66 lean, that's all I'm asking. 66 is not lean. That's two to one. It, they're saying it's not, they're not, they're not saying Trump is gonna win, you know, 66%. No, no, no. They're saying it is a 66% chance he'll win. Yes. But that's not lean. No. I mean, I don't know why that's, I guess, I guess lean is 54, 46.


I Dennis the same needle once said that Hillary Clinton, I guess 9% My point. Okay. I agree. I agree with that. I, I just, it's just the word lean. I juxtaposed that because You do think the, the last time we talked about this needle, it, it was to watch it just go like b you know, in 16. I don't wanna move too far from this conversation about the, the gender gap in the electorate without talking about the hands down bar none worst political ad of my lifetime put out by a PAC supporting Kamala Harris that encouraged women to lie to their husbands. I think divorce is a grave evil. Something that we could argue about one of these days.


I might divorce my wife if I found out that she lied to me. I would not divorce my wife for voting for someone with whom I, I deeply disagree that, I mean, that would be a challenge. You'd have to 'cause you, you in a marriage need to have a common set of values in a common mission. But to find out that your spouse just lies to you Yeah. About who they vote for. Did you see the discuss it whisper campaign that the Washington Post was reporting on? They said after that ad went out, women were putting post-it notes in bathroom stalls saying, your husband won't know, your boyfriend won't know your vote is a secret. I kind of feel like if I went to the bathroom and I saw a PostIt on the wall, I would not consider what it was telling me. But Washington Post that It was, what's wrong with you is it, You know, that's not what women were doing.


And if it worked for them, I guess This, this is a reminder though. I agree with you. That ad drove me so bonkers, so vi but but it, it's so perfectly exemplary of the Democrat party because, you know, the, the fundamental political unit is the family. Of course, it's not the individual. Right. The, the political unit means it's the family. And the Democrats have been so relentless in their results on the family, taking your kids away from you, promoting divorce, discouraging marriage, promoting abortion all down the line, all the way up to, Hey folks, our best argument for victory is you divide up your marriage. Right? Right. And that will divide up the country. And we win, You know, the New York Times, if you follow the New York Times, they, they run at least three articles a week suggesting various kinds of sex that will probably destroy or enslave you unless you're married.


If you're married, they keep saying, you know, you don't have to have sex when you're married. They, they literally will have these articles. Well, you know, but you might wanna consider it a throuple. You know, If you're, if you're childless and alone, maybe a decent evolutionary strategy is to break up other people's marriages. Well, I'm, I'm dead serious about that. Right. Like, you, you, you have no idea what sort of machinations people are capable of. Wow. When what they're fighting for is the probability that they will end up in a couple. Like there's no holds barred. And it certainly is a useful strategy. If you're not in a couple and other people are, then one of your strategies is to do everything you can to break that up. Hmm. Why wouldn't you? Yeah.


Right. You're gonna, what are you gonna solidify the situation? And you might say, well, that's counterproductive in the long run. It's like, well, maybe you're not concerned about the long run if you're that desperate. 'cause desperate people tend not to be concerned with the long run link. We do have this terrible mystery that conservatives haven't unlocked, which is the absolutely ab barr pattern of attitudes and voting patterns that characterize women between single women between the ages of 18 and 34. It's like there's a big problem there, and it's a real mystery. It can't just be passed over because they're, what they're doing is radically different than what everyone else is doing. And it's enough to consistently swing the elections. Tim, we were talking about this last night on your show, this idea that, you know, people like Chelsea Handler and others keep talking about how, you know, they do drugs and have sex with themselves all day.


Yep. And they're so genuinely happy. And, and, and my argument was that they actually are happy. I don't think that they're lying. I I think that they don't know that there's an entire realm of human emotion that happens in marriage. And then when you have children that they, that they're not even aware of, they, that they live In happy is a trivial emotion. Yeah. Happy. Of course. And the, the fact that we're obsessed with happiness, even on the psychological side, is an indication of how trivial our culture is. I mean, one of the things that you see quite consistently in psychological research is that children without chi, couples without children are happier than couples with children. It's like, well, you shouldn't have children. It's like, no, you shouldn't use happiness measurements as your index of outcome.


Of course, you're less happy because you, like your three-year-old is fragile. And if you have a three-year-old and a 1-year-old, it's like, well, you're juggling catastrophes all the time. Well, seriously, you don't have time to be happy. It's like, but happiness is a fleeting hedonic emotion, and it's not an indicator of participation in a process that's gonna stabilize your life and the life of your family across decades, Rich, a richer life and decades. It is, it's the permanent adolescence. Yeah, that's right. Becoming generations. They are, they're, I I look at wolves and I look at dogs and the story of how dogs came to be domesticated. They say that dogs are effectively just permanent adolescent wolves. Hmm. I see. That's what's happening to humanity right now with the current trend, telling people not to grow up, play video games, stay home, stay single, live in your, in your own internal world.


But I believe that is spiritual suicide. That's the Peter Penn story, right? Yeah. It's the Peter, you know, and Peter Pan has Tinkerbell the porn fairy Serious, Dead serious. I mean, he's king of the lost boys. Right. Well, that's a form of king. It's not perhaps the kingship that you'd choose, you know, and he foregoes the, the possibilities of maturity to re remain in this childhood fantasy. The only Thing our media telling is Istic Our media is telling everybody to keep doing it. Yeah. They're, they're telling you you're selfish if you try to live and have a family and experience what you should be doing. And also, I believe your moral duty, which is for those that are religious to, to, to be fruitful and multiply, but for the sake of humanity. If you look at it from a more secular point of view, something like Elon Musk, if we do not reproduce, civilization collapses.


And they're telling people to just be hedonistic and to be permanent children. But, but I, I, you know, I kind of disagree with you a bit about this because people who do these things, I've known a lot of them. I worked in Hollywood for quite a while, and I've known a lot of people that live like that. I don't think they're happy. You know, I think, I think they have that kinda surface, brittle, smiley happiness. But you only have to question them, talk to 'em for 10, 20 minutes. And the depth of despair underneath that, it's like, it's like thin ice over a block. Well, that's why the measurements are out. The measurements are terribly out of whack. It's like you got, if you're gonna do research on something as fundamental as human wellbeing, you bloody well better make sure your measurements are, We also need to establish they're not, we have to establish the definition of happiness. Right. Which is like, these guys are talking about happiness as though in the, in the way we talk about it in modern times, which is some fleeting little emotion or you get tickled or something.


But, you know, happiness, we used to understand as rational activity done with excellence in accordance with virtue. Exactly. Exactly. Aristotle wrote a very good book about this. And so we used to believe that, that actually there was an end to mankind. There was like a purpose for man, there was a purpose for marriage. We could know things by their purpose. That ground has totally shaken underneath us. So it it, when we disagree over what makes us happy, unfortunately the problems even more fundamental. We don't even agree on what happens. And Maybe this is actually why I, that's, I always, always say this in a way that you, 'cause we talk about this from time to time, and you guys disagree with me, but you know, for example, 2023 was the hardest year of my life. I mean, it was genuinely traumatizing, really hard.


And I still would've told you I was ha I was miserable, but I was also happy. Right. I, I was, I was certainly not at my best, but I was still would've considered myself a happy person even in my misery. And I, I think that it may be that I'm just defining happiness differently. I don't think of happiness as some What was, what it that would've, what was it about your life that would've motivated You to go through your situation? I suppose that what I would say is that I was fulfilled. Right. Right, right. Well, that's a multidimensional issue, right? I mean, you can tolerate a lot of pain, even if Right. Your relationships are intact and you're moving towards a purpose that you regard as worthwhile. So, so one of, one of the things that's worthwhile to understand purely from the perspective of the psychophysiology of happiness is that the positive emotion that's produced by drugs like cocaine, for example, which make you happy, that positive emotion is always experienced in relationship to a goal.


Right. So that the happiness that, that, that people strive towards is only possible psychopharmacological if you observe yourself moving towards a valued goal. And so that, that has a number of implications. One of which is no goal, no happiness, no happiness, right? Or, or maybe happiness of only the most fleeting and easily substituted kind. We also know from animal research, for example, that it's very difficult, it's very easy to get rats that are isolated in a cage addicted to cocaine. And you can get them addicted rapidly to the point where they will basically not drink water or eat or engage in sex. They'll just push a button to get cocaine until they die.


But if they're living in their wild habitat and doing like normative rat things, it's almost impossible to get them addicted to cocaine. Interesting. And so, and so, even at the purely level of pure pharmacological reward, if you have animals in a habitat where they're pursuing their intrinsic, biologically determined goals, then they're participating in processes that make them very resistant to alternative forms of fleeting happiness. Yeah. And we've blown that all apart in our society. And we don't know how much that's enraging. I really think it's enraging young women in particular. We have no, we have absolute, so we know that for example, half of th half of women who are 30 and under now don't have children, half of them.


Wow. Right. That we hit that milestone last year in the west, half of them will never have children. That's the prognostication. 95% of them will regret that. So we've al we're already in a situation where we have doomed one woman in four to permanent isolation and alienation, isolation and alienation. And we have no idea how angry they are about that. Yeah. But like, you can be sure that they're angry at a level that's so deep that you can barely comprehend It and, and you're not even allowed to talk about it because you're offending them by saying that the whole, the childless cat lady is not in a good position to judge the future. And this thing about time is everything. Right? I mean, you have kids and it's difficult, but it's a beautiful experience. It's a enriching experience and it's the, the experience that turns life from two dimensions into three dimensions.


And at some point it's incredibly rewarding to have done it. You know? I mean, I can sit and look at my grandchildren without doing anything for our, I I, I actually, I actually said to my wife, we have to go because I'll never accomplish anything ever again. Because I'm just happy watching the kids, just watching the watch play with Legos. You know, it's like, Well, I'm, then I'm the rat with a job and maybe the reason that I consider myself even when I'm sort of miserable to be a happy person is connected to the fact that I'm not a fun loving person. Yeah. Like, I, I don't get any sense of joy out of drinking booze or going to loud clubs or having a good time is not your idea of having a That's right. Having that is exactly right to me, having a good time is doing is being about my purpose. Yeah. That, that's the source. Of course.


Well, and and that's why having children has increased my happiness. Well, you both Alluded to something that's fundamentally important on the measurement side too. It's like almost all the things that people do in their life that they look back on with, let's say self-assurance and something approximating reasonable pride are things they accomplished under difficult circumstances. They were hard. Yeah. Now those aren't necessarily the things you pick for your hedonic pleasure. Yeah. But when you look back, you think, well, that was extremely difficult and demanding and challenging. And there was a fair bit of suffering moment to moment while I was going through it, but man, I'm certainly more than pleased that I managed it. Yes. And there is this thing, there's this, this thing, I, I call it joy. The poet used to call it gusto, which was just being alive.


You know, being in that moment and thinking like, yeah, here I am. You know, I compare it sometimes when you go to a movie and you watch somebody, character dies and you cry and then you come out and people say, how was the movie? And you say, it was great. Yeah. You know, and I like, life is kinda like that. A lot of times you're paying attention. Yeah. I think of, I think of happiness as a, if you're doing the things that you ought to be doing, then you're happy sort of regardless, regardless of how you may feel in any given moment while you're doing that thing. And if you're doing the things that you, that you ought not be doing, then you're in despair, whether regardless of how you feel Yeah. In the moment. And I I, when, when, when that question comes up, I think back to our, our first film was a woman when we went to Kenya to the, the Maasai tribe. And there's a lot of conversations we had with the, the tribesmen that didn't make it into film.


'cause it didn't really, wasn't exactly relevant to the topic of transgenderism. But I remember multiple times when we were talking to the, especially the women, and I would ask them, are you happy? And every single time they would respond by saying through the translator, they would respond by saying, by telling me about the, the things that they do. They say, well, I I'm taking care of my family. I have a family. Right. I have children. Right, right. I, I take care of the home. That wasn't even the question. I said, are you happy? And and their immediate response is to talk about the things that they do. I'm performing my Appropriate function. Right. Function for then there's no, the idea that they could be doing the things that they ought to be doing and not be happy, it's like, doesn't even make sense. It's just Gonna, right. Well, well that's that, that also indicates that in our society we've abstracted the emotion away from its performative foundation.


You know, and we, we treat happiness as if it's an abstraction. It exists in and of itself. And that, and there's foolishness in that. And you already, you also pointed to something else that's very interesting. You know, when you ask people, it's very hard to ask people a question properly and get an answer that's reliable. It's very, very hard to do that. And psychologists have concentrated on doing that for decades. It's, it's a whole field of endeavor. One of the things you discover, if you do research into what people mean when they say that they just wanna be happy, is what they actually mean is they don't wanna suffer. So you can imagine that there's two elements to happiness. One is not too much negative emotion and the other is some positive emotion. And if you push people into a corner, they'll pick absence of negative emotion over presence of positive emotion every time.


'cause pain is, pain is extraordinarily salient. And so part of what people mean when they want to be hap when they say they wanna be happy means, is that they want to be secure in their foundation, which is not at all the same thing as pursuing the hedonic pleasure. That's, that would be duplicable say with cocaine. I, I, I have to interrupt. Yeah, I was gonna say 'cause there's an election hack. Oh yes. And decision desk HQ has called North Carolina for Donald Trump. What? Still maybe a huge piece of news, Truly a must win state, in my opinion, for Trump, North Carolina. Now firmly in, in hand. And another great sort of victory. Not, not only national victory, but even personal victory. They're also declaring Ted Cruz has, yes, there one We go Alright.


In Texas, as we said, while Dennis was here, you know, Ted was actually kind of on the ropes a little bit in a very hard fought campaign. But in these last weeks, I mean, he's done an enormous job down in Texas. An enormous job campaigning a very smart politician. And he's, and he's retained a seat for a third term. And most Importantly, Jeremy, at least from your perspective, your only friend in the US Senate, my remains in the US Senate, My, not just the US Senate, my only friend in government at any level, top to bottom. And so with that good news, we will take a moment to tell you about our sponsors. We're so grateful to them. They've made it possible for us to bring you the show live tonight outside of our paywall. And here's a little bit more about one of them. We'll be right back.


Last year, half of American consumers took on debt to pay for the holidays. This year it could be you. And going into debt can be very, very tough. It is never too early to start planning to get out of it. Our friends at PDS Debt can help with a personalized solution just for you. Maybe you made some bad decisions, maybe you had some bad luck. Having bad debt does not make you a bad person. What matters now is finding a good solution to get out. If You make payments every month and your debt isn't going down, PDS has solutions for you. They have customized options for anyone struggling with credit cards, personal loans, collections, or medical bills. Anyone with $10,000 or more in eligible debt qualifies and there's no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit accepted. Start planning now. Get a free debt analysis right now at PDs debt.com/daily wire. It only takes 30 seconds. That's ps dbt.com/daily wire PDs debt.com/daily Wire. And thank you to PS Debt for sponsoring the Daily Wire's Election Night coverage.


Thanks again to our sponsors for the night who have made it possible for us to bring you the show live and or our daily wire.com members. They make it possible for us to do the work that we do every day. Like they paid for the set. You know, they do a great job. They pay for our content. We're very grateful to them. We're gonna be taking more questions from our daily wire.com members throughout the evening. And if you're not one, we'd ask you to consider becoming1@dailywire.com slash subscribe. We'll give you 47% off tonight if you use promo code fight, because of course Donald Trump with a little good Lord willing and quick don't rise, as they say, will be our 47th president. Ben? Yes. So what Are we learning? He's Gonna just gonna put it out there. He's going on the Sunbelt states. Okay. So this is just gonna come down to what we always thought was gonna come down to that. Those blue wall states, she has to win all three.


That is her only path to victory. She needs to win all three of those states. The great irony, the thing I'm rooting so hard for more than anything else, is that it comes down to Pennsylvania and she loses Pennsylvania because she wouldn't pick the Jew. It would be the most wonderful Thing In the entire world. I would love it so much that her signal, moral inability to condemn the pro kamas quadrant of her base loses her the election because she just couldn't pick the Jewish guy from the swing state with the 60% approval rating. Yeah. But I serve her, so. Right. She felt like she was on the ropes in Minnesota. Right. Wasn't that why she Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Must She needed the weird guy from Minnesota. She didn't need the very popular governor of the obvious wing state. What she required was the super weird guy who looks like an inflatable off the side of a freeway to use car lot.


And that's, that's the one she needed In fairness to Kamala. So she offended all the Jews. Why couldn't you have just said in in fairness, Fairness. Inflatable. Yeah, in fairness. Good. But it, it, not only did she offend all the Jews by not picking Shapiro, 'cause she wanted to cozy up to the pro Hama side. Also, let's not forget, one in four voters in Pennsylvania's Catholic. And she decides two weeks before the election to say, Hey, you say Jesus is Lord, get outta my rally. You gotta go to that Trump rally. I mean, what was worse than that is who says she never tells the truth Time. What's even worse than that is when she went on national TV and they said, will you make any religious exemptions for abortion? Yes. Right. And she was like, Nope, nope. The nuns are gonna be aborting the babies. They're like, whoa, it's going Down.


The problem with the Rust Belt thing is the Rust Belt has those three states have voted exactly the same since the seventies, haven't they? Has there been a single exception? Has there been a time where Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania didn't vote in lock it up with one another since we've been alive? Except for, That is a great question. Sure. But, but, but I'm trying to think of a situation in which the election was super close. So, so in 2016, obviously they went one way. In 2020 they went the other way. Yeah. In 2004 they actually went for Kerry and it was Ohio that won the election for, for Bush. So, you know, when, when everything is this close, when when everything is, is this tight?


I mean, there, the, the, the thing is when we talk about presidential history, and you'll say, is there a precedent for this? The sample size is just too small. I mean, that's the reality. They'll say, well, this is the first time this has happened in 20 years. Okay. Fines, that's like five election cycles. Right, right, right. Yeah. The sample size is super tiny. There's not 180 baseball games a year. Exactly. Let's check in with Brent Buchanan. So Brent, tell us about life. Well, what's, what's going on? Well, it, it, you know, it, it looks as though the Sunbelt is, is locking up for, for Trump is what it's, it's starting to look like that. I mean, that's calling Georgia obviously a little bit early in Arizona, really, really early. But it looks like those, those states are looking fairly good for Trump. What do you make of, you know, the, the Rust Belt and the Sunbelt right now?


Well, Let's talk about North Carolina specifically. 'cause this ties back to something that I, I don't even know what time it is right now, but a few hours ago that we, that we spoke of, and that's turnout potentially and likely being higher than 2020. So if we're looking at North Carolina specifically in 2020, turnout was about 5.4 million in North Carolina. If you take the, the percent reporting now add in those estimated votes remaining, it puts you at 5.8 million. So when we were looking at our turnout curve, we knew that once you got to about 5.6 or seven, that put it in somewhat Kamala territory. And then if you went beyond that, you almost had no clue what was gonna happen.


Well, now we actually have a clue what happens when you go above 2020 turnout and it benefits Donald Trump. So let's look at a couple counties here. I wanna start with Brunswick. And so this is a really strong reporting Republican County. And you can see here, lemme show you the historical comparison. There's actually not that much difference. If anything, it was slightly closer. But this county actually as of right now, has netted out a thousand more votes for Donald Trump than last time, even though the margin's a little closer. And so I think this is really indicative of what happens when turnout goes above 2020 numbers. Let's zoom in here to Wake County, which is the seat of the state with Raleigh.


And you can see here that Harris is doing a little bit better. Trump is doing a little bit worse. It's only reporting 75% right Now, what's likely gonna happen is that this improves for Donald Trump in this final 25% that's coming in. And then if we come over here to Pitt County, so this county is about 30, let's see here, we'll go to the census data for a second. So it's 37% black on census. So it's a, it's for a state that is below that. Overall, this is a slightly more black county than the state as a whole. And then when we look at this historical comparison, what you'll see in Pitt is that this was a margin of about 9.4 for Biden in 20.


And that moved to 5.6 margin for Harris. And what's really interesting is that it had already moved three points to the right, between 16 and 20. And so when you start to put this math together and you see that these Republican counties are performing very well, and even if they don't perform at the same margin for Trump, they're actually netting out more votes into the overall count. And then you look at a place like Pitt County that, as you can see is blue on the map, but it is less blue and it is becoming less blue. And I think this is a really, really good example of this educational attainment realignment that's been happening in this country where if 20 years ago you were a college grad, you were probably a Republican 20 years ago, you were a non-college grad, you were probably a Democrat.


Those bases are beginning to shift. And as we look at that, what our experimental exit polling shows so far on our, on our internals is that that realignment among non-white voters is even more extreme than the continued shift that we see with white voters. So as we look at these three counties here, Brunswick in the South, a very heavy Republican county netting out more for Trump, wake County, the rest of this reporting gonna be better for Trump. And then Pitt County, this is the third election in a row with Donald Trump on the ballot where his margin improves or, and even his raw vote improves. Here you start to see how once we get into this explosive, crazy wild, who knew we could go above 2020 and turn out the answer is we're starting to see a trend that it is benefiting Donald Trump.


Who's turning, who's turning out in large numbers. Is there a particular demographic? We don't have that yet. We can look at some of these counties and that's why I really like Pitt specifically here, because it is more black than the state as a whole. And if this was like 2020, if the numbers were coming back like that, I would say that, I don't know why they would've called North Carolina, but you can look at this as an example and say, okay, I start to see why they went ahead and called North Carolina despite the fact that it's only 61% reporting right now, because we're talking about 5.8 plus million turnout, which is just incredible. Yeah. So Brent, one of the things that, that people are pointing out is that it is a very good time for Trump, not just that North Carolina's been called, but that it's been called so early, meaning that the, the, the patterns in data seem to, to be benefiting President Trump.


The, the sort of theory of the electorate, which was that a a high turnout election was going to benefit inevitably that Democrats is obviously not true. And and you're seeing this reflected in some of the data. I mean, the needle over at the New York Times, the, the all powerful needle is now officially leaning Trump a 67% chance of victory for President Trump according to the v New York Times needle. And they are also suggesting that President Trump has a slight up chance of basically, Brent, if, if you had to speculate at this point, we'll just rank speculation. Kamala Harris needs to win Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. Order to win this election is, is is if you had to ballpark this thing, that is the most likely scenario at this point, is it not? Yeah. Once North Carolina's off of the map, it, it puts her right into that VTA blue wall.


That in 2020 is what won the election. More so even than than Georgia and Arizona was going back to winning Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. And right now, as we're looking at Pennsylvania, you can see that it's a complete coin toss at this point. And what's fascinating is that we're likely to see massive, massive turnout above 2020 for this state also. And so as we compare a place like Pennsylvania to North Carolina where the increased turnout really benefited Donald Trump, we don't have enough vote in yet in Pennsylvania to say the same thing. But they're both experiencing increased turnout over 2020. But we're seeing slightly different results. I mean, if, if, if the theory was simply that more turnout is the over 20 is better for Donald Trump, then we could go ahead and call Pennsylvania two.


But as you can see on the decision desk HQ right here, win probability, it's a complete coin flip. Well, Brent, really appreciate it. We'll get back to you very shortly with the latest updates.


Again, thanks to our friends over at both PDS Debt and Lumen for their sponsorship of our program here tonight.


So yeah, lots of breaking news. Obviously Senator Cruz has been declared the victor over there. That means that Republicans have probably a minimum of 52 seats in the United States Senate. It it also means that Republicans are doing better than expected so far in the house. So there were serious questions about whether they're gonna be able to retain the house majority. So far it looks like at least a coin flip as to whether they're able to retain that house majority, which is actually better shape than a lot of people were expecting at this point in time. Again, for those who missed it, North Carolina has been called, the map is basically what you thought the map was gonna be before this evening. New Hampshire's been called in favor of Kamala Harris. North Carolina has been called in favor of President Trump. The Georgia votes are still coming in, but at this point you have to say that President Trump is in fact favored in Georgia, Arizona.


He was leading pretty heavily in the early balloting anyway. So the chances are very good that he's going to win Arizona as well. That means that Kamala Harris right now has to win in the Blue Wall states. She needs to win all three of those blue wall states. That'd be Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. There's not enough data yet. There's some early Pennsylvania voting data that is coming in. They've got about 2.2 million votes counted there, 2.3 million votes counted there. According to the the latest numbers. You're looking at a com kalo with a very slight advantage so far. Things are going better than we had hoped we have. The North Carolina win is the thing that I was the most worried about. So in the same way that Ben had his, his positive outlier, that if Trump won New Hampshire, he thought that that would be like kind of the, the runaway indicator that we were gonna have a runaway goodnight.


To me, North Carolina was the obvious. Trump loses North Carolina. It just pretends terrible things. So having that off the table, huge, having Ted Cruz pick up that seat into, or hang onto to his Senate seat in Texas, huge. The fact that we will almost certainly be able as Republicans to hold the Senate absolutely huge. The house we're being guaranteed in the se Yeah. The Senate. That's right. We're now guaranteed in the Senate. You want a Big piece of data. Here's a nice piece of data for you. Again, exit polling, grain of salt, giant grain of salt, CBS news, exit poll in Michigan, younger voters age 18 to 29 are narrowly going for Trump. Mm. Crazy. That, that is a crazy unbelievable, That craziest number. That is a crazy stat. I haven't, which, and that would be, that would be a Gaza stat, right? That would be, that would be seriously, that would be all of the left wing insane people on the left who wouldn't vote for Kamala Harris because they think by some bizarre turn of the imagination that she's too pro Israel.


I'm not, you have to be a psychotic nut job to think that Kamala Harris is too pro Israel, but somehow they've come up with that one and I'm grateful to them. Yeah. I hope that Joe Stein wins a million votes in the state of Michigan that she and Cornell West just run away in, in, in that election. But Also it'd be young men. I mean, young men might be Yeah, that's, that's what I think. Yeah, I'm wondering about that with regards to the increased turnout too. If it's the same young men who are going back to church, We have the gender dynamics On that. So yeah, no gender dynamics on that one yet. But you have to imagine obviously that you're talking about a heavy male turnout there. It turns out that there are no white dudes for Harris. There is just white dude for Harris and Just Doug Emh. Maybe technically If she, if she keeps her mouth, Honestly, it doesn in line, right?


Kamala Harris. Oh yeah, no, I I think the last thing Doug Emh wants is to be stuck in the White House with Kamala Harris for four years. I really think that he's tired of this by this point. The, the New York Times that that needle come on needle. Yeah. The needle currently has Donald Trump at a 70% chance of victory Wow. In the electoral college and Harris at plus 0.2 in the popular vote estimate. So there is every possibility here that Donald Trump ends up winning both the popular I and the electoral for the first time. How do we feel about Virginia Republican since 2004? How Do always feel about Virginia? I I was just gonna say that was just what I was gonna say. 62% of the vote is in Trump is up 2% and they're still calling it for Come On. Again, I don't, I'm not an expert on the counties and I would assume that all the counties that they have not yet counted are like Fairfax, like big dem counties just No, they're not.


That's what I'm saying, looking at the map. It, that's not what I, I, okay, so elect election expert Andrew Klavan is, I'm calling Virginia. No, no, no, I'm not. I I've said I'm not a poll reader. I get it. I'm just telling you what I'm looking at and I I I I will say that Ms. N BBC is already starting to rip on the electoral college. So, so That's a good indicator. Once, once they start yelling at the electoral college, you know that things are not going amazingly well over there. There again, the, what we are saying is, is something that was noted earlier on, which is a, a shift in favor of Kamala Harris in the suburbs, but mildly huge turnout for President Trump. Again, this is the magic of Trump. Okay? The thing that Trump can do that no other Republican candidate of my lifetime can do is bring out low propensity voters. Okay. The, the MIT Romney plan in 2012 was bring out high propensity college white voters Yeah.


And get those people to vote in larger numbers for him. Then they voted for John McCain and Donald Trump's plan was to abandon all those people and go get the farmers to vote for him. Right. And as it turns out, that's actually good point. His magic. He's like that, that and the Democrats, and by the way, and Hispanics like again, the, the, the, the Hispanic, we are watching a sea change regardless of, of the final line in this election. Some of the trend lines that you're seeing in this election are astonishing. Yeah. I mean, Donald Trump winning, let's say 20% of the black vote in Wisconsin crazy. Or you say Donald Trump winning 45% of the Hispanic votes. If the, if the entire theory of democratic politics since 2012 has been, we cobbled together minorities and single white ladies and that that is our, and that is our coalition, and then you break minority strangle holds, what are they left with?


I mean, as the, as we move forward, they might be able to sneak one out, maybe, maybe e one out, but what does that be tied for, for the rest of their agenda? And do we think that they swivel more to the center or do they move further away? By the way, Trump has just been announced as the winner of Iowa. So sad news for, for the No, what's The, what's the gap? I, i, I don't have a gap yet. There's Only only Percent of votes. I called it a 10%. But like, we'll, we'll, Donald, Donald Trump winning Iowa may be the political shocker. I'll tell you of the 2024 election, The poll, that outlier poll that said Kamala was gonna win Iowa, it did spook me. These, I don't know, I've been, It was designed to spook. That was the whole point of it.


And it succeeded And people kept saying it was a respected poll, but in fact it's has not been that accurate at presidential elections. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is in the, in the New York Times needle needs the needle. The needle, the magic needle come on needle. He, he has slightly favored in Wisconsin at this point as well. Wow. Wow. So it's possible that my original map was was right except for New Hampshire. So I'm still rooting for my original map, but, but you know, now that I've lost New Hampshire. Yeah. If he breaks Wisconsin off from Michigan and Pennsylvania, that is a path to the White House as well. Yeah. Then he's in the White House, by the way, the Florida Puerto Rican vote this again, just, just to point out that the media narrative is not real. The Florida Puerto Rican vote, Harris won that demographic 52 43 per the exits 52 43 among Puerto Ricans in Florida.


Biden won that group 69 to 31. So it went from Dem plus 38 to Dem plus nine by that. He was all of, they thought it was a funny joke. And now we're joined by he sick of the garbage. Now we're joined by the host of Dr. Phil, Dr. Phil himself. Thanks for being with us. Hey, good to see you guys. Things are getting pretty interesting. I understand. How's it looking to you, you guys over there? You know, I, I'm moving steadily from cautiously optimistic to openly optimistic. And it's an uncomfortable feeling for me, to be honest with you. You know, I can, you can see them squirming. Yeah. How, how are you feeling about things? Well, you, same way I heard somebody earlier say they were nauseous, optimistic. So, You know, Dr.


Phil, I have To, I think kind of Described, you know, I, I was at the MSG rally when none of us were expecting you to be there. There was whatever, you know, eight hours worth of speeches. And when you came out, I think it genuinely shocked the crowd. Not because we thought that you were a, a big leftist or something like that, but that it, it entailed so much risk for you to come out at this point. You've been a huge figure in media for so many years. What pushed you over the edge? Well, you know, I, I wanted to do something that woke people up because I think this has been such a divisive campaign. And, you know, when I came out, I said, look, I'm not here to endorse, just to endorse Donald Trump.


I don't like everything he says. I don't like everything that he does. And I'm honest about that. I'm honest about that with him. But I don't like bullies. Yeah. And I don't like the way people that vote for Donald Trump are being ostracized, canceled on the internet, attacked and, and all of that. And I said, that's bullying. And and people can say, well, Donald Trump's a, a bully. Well, you know, you gotta have an a an imbalance of power to be a bully, otherwise you're just in a fight or an argument. And I, I, I said, there's, there's a big difference. And I, I wanted people to understand we've, we've got to start having some civility to what's going on here.


And I made it real clear, whoever is elected president, we have to get behind. It's a bad look internationally if we don't support our president. And I won't like it if it doesn't go the way I want it to go. But that will be our president. And I won't like everything that either of the candidates says or does. But I'll also support America's president. And I said, our most, one of the most important days in my life was 9 12 0 1, not nine 11, but nine 12, because the morning after nine 11, we woke up and we were all Americans. And I hope that doesn't, we don't have to have a big catastrophe for us to have that feeling again.


And Dr. Phil, one question for you is obviously you, you really believe in individualism. That's, that's something that ranks very high in your list. It, many of the stats that are coming in right now show that, that we are watching a major political realignment in real time on a racial basis. That, that this sort of stranglehold idea that that Democrats were gonna win enormous, overwhelming sums of minority voters across the spectrum. That's just not true. The biggest stat of the night so far is, is Trump winning maybe 45% of the Hispanic vote and up to 25% of the black male vote. According Kirsten Sol, Solt Anderson, my, my friend, the pollster over at Echelon Insights, she's done some exit polling suggesting that black men, 23% are gonna vote for President Trump nationally, which is an unheard of number. What do you make of this sort of political realignment?


Well, I, I think you're saying exactly right, Ben. I think it is a political realignment because people are saying, look, I'm tired of people telling me that because I'm part of a demographically defined group that I can't think for myself. And you, you've heard me talk very loud and long about the fact that we have to teach critical thinking in this country. Again, we've got to inspire people to be critical thinkers. That's why I've spoken out so much about these ridiculous campus protest groups that are demonstrating on behalf of Hamas. These are terrorist groups. And we, we we're not teaching young people to be critical thinkers anymore. And we've got this half of America that are truly identity politics.


People are smart enough to think for themselves. And we're seeing it now where people are rebelling against this expectation that because I'm black or because I'm female or, or, or, or because I'm a certain age that I have to vote with that block. That's not true. People can think for themselves. Well, the Democrats are also, I suppose, running a foul of their own intersectional claims. It's like there are black men and it isn't obvious that men are doing that well on the Democrat side. And that's because the Democrats don't really seem to like men. And so maybe it's like, well in they've done everything they could, you might say, from an ideological perspective, to attack, to attract the, the black vote.


But they've abandoned the ma the male vote. And maybe the black men are men first and black second, right. From the intersectional perspective. Or at least 23% of them seem to be considering that. Well, it's an interesting prospect because gender is actually real. And while race, while race isn't not real, it's not fixed. Yeah. Mm. And so we're we're told that it's not definitive. It's not definitive. Yeah. We're told that that gender is fluid, but it's actually race that over time is fluid. Yeah. Well, We know that men are men. Barack Obama is gonna be very disappointed in black men because we know that he No, no, no, no. Brother. The brothers. Yeah. Brothers. There's not brothers. That's like men. Men. Democrats don't understand this. Like, there's nothing men hate more than being nagged.


And Barack Obama is literally wagging his finger in the faces of black men saying, you need to get out there and vote that if you wanna speak to men and motivate men, that's the very last way to do It. No, no, no. You have to send Michelle to do that. Yeah. She then did, right? She got up there and she lectured black men about how they were irresponsible and terrible. Which of course is definitely what they want to hear from Michelle Obama. By the way, CNN is now reporting that Harris has warning signs in Michigan. She's underperforming Joe Biden in a place like Washtenaw County, which is a very heavily democratic area. So obviously as goes Michigan, so goes the country it that it's possible. Again, fingers crossed. You know what's strange about the polling though? What's very odd about the, in terms of black voters is that Kamala Harris came out and she said that the brothers were supporting her because she had recently been in the barbershop and she made this claim about a week ago.


I did not have the resources to fact check it though. My gut instinct tells me Kamala Harris has never once in her entire life been in the barbershop. Yeah. And it would seem that the hard numbers we're getting here suggest the brothers breaking at least in a significant way for President Trump at Point. And by the way, New York, York Times needle in Iowa estimated margin Trump up nine in Iowa. Remember that time when he was supposed to lose by three? That is an 11 to 12 point miss by Anne Seltzer in Iowa. And remember that was being used as a bellwether to determine whether there was gonna be extra turnout for her in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. So if he's winning Iowa, Emerson, right. Had Iowa at plus nine, Emerson also had Donald Trump winning all three of those rest belt states. Let me jump in here and let me jump in here and get you a couple of calls from our desk here, because Chris, you've got a couple of calls for us here.


Yes, sir. Thank you, Dr. Phil Merritt now calling the state of Missouri. And it's 10 electoral votes for Donald Trump. You see that on your screen here? That's what, 20% of the precincts reporting and also Delaware. And it's three electoral college votes for Kamala Harris. And you see those numbers right there, Dr. Phil, I should also point out that North Carolina, we're getting really close to closing that one out. That one's leaning towards Trump at last report. We're getting really close to closing out Colorado. And at the top of the hour, which is now just one minute away, polls will be closing in Montana, Idaho, Nevada, most of, I'm, I'm sorry, most of Idaho, Utah, and Nevada. Yeah, that's great. And you know, guys, if Ben, if if we close out North Carolina for Trump soon, that can be a real building block.


Yeah. We, we've already called in the March to two 70. You've called North Carolina. Oh yeah, we called it right. North Carolina's been called. So for as far as we're concerned, we're not talking about North Carolina Anymore. It's over North Carolina's done. But yeah, basically it, practically speaking, you, you take North Carolina off the table for Kamala Harrison. She has one path and one path only. That's the rust belt state. She has to win all three of them. And right now she, what If she wins all three but loses Virginia? Well, I mean, well, right now there, there are some more C nnn exit poll numbers, again, with the giant grain of salt. This is the bi marital status. Kamala Harris is losing married voters 55 to 44. She's winning non-married voters by 55 to 41, which is actually shockingly not.


That's closer than Horrific. Yeah. You would've thought that was like a 25, 30 point gap by the way they were pushing this. Meanwhile, the, the gender gap definitely exists, but it is heavier according to CNN for males. And it is for females, 54 to 43 for Trump among males. It's 54 to 44 among females for Kamala Harris. So again, this is gonna be, if, if Trump wins, it's because men showed up to vote. Yeah. That's really what this is about. Yeah. Men actually showing up to vote. So the, the, the kind of going theory of the Democratic Party is that women are high propensity voters. Men are low propensity voters. They've constituted the majority. Women have constituted the majority of of people who vote in the last several election cycles. Men showing up unmasked to vote is a, is a complete shift in the way that that elections Are. Can, can I just say by the way, that we, we tend to, when we talk about this to sound like we're being very hard on women.


I, I'm actually, I believe that it's a man's responsibility. I love Women. Are You kidding? No, it's a, it's a man's responsibility to do things like vote. And we, we happen to live in this time where men have essentially given up so many of their responsibilities and in, in part 'cause they feel disenfranchised. Although that's hardly an excuse. You know, men have given up their leadership role in the church, which is one of the reasons that you see the church in America no longer taking the stands for tradition and decency in the way that it historically has. They've given up their responsibility in the household, which is something that the Kamala Harris at least packs aligned with Kamala Harris have been trying to openly exploit with their, Hey ladies, just don't tell your loser idiot. Yeah, yeah. Husband who you vote for.


And they've certainly given up their responsibility, their civic responsibilities. You know, you don't, it used to be that one of the backbones of the country was men engaging in civic social groups. Yes. Which have largely collapsed. There's an update coming out of the RNC right now. Michael Watley, chairman of the RNC says there were potential shenanigans in Pennsylvania and the Republicans have just scored a legal victory. According to Mr. Watt Chairman, Watley Center County officials were planning to stop counting ballots throughout the night in violation of state law. We, the RNC threatened to sue, that was enough officials have agreed to continue the count as required. Our attorneys will continue fighting to quickly eliminate issues at the polls as they arise.


This, this, is, this what you want To hear? Well, speaking of Pennsylvania, our friend Ryan Gersky, formerly of CNN, he, he says that Lackawanna Pennsylvania, which is the first county in Pennsylvania that is near to completion, that has shifted from a Biden plus 8.4 to a Harris plus three, that is a 5.4 percentage shift toward President Trump. Again, the, the, the trend lines, you know, you hate read trend lines, but yeah, I'm be I'm becoming, you know, nauseousness optimistic as, as Dr. Phil suggests. Yeah. That, that, that's not a bad place to be. And guys, I'm gonna have to wrap outta here to talk to somebody. But before I do Matt Walsh, I, I just have to congratulate you on your movie.


Am I a racist? A comedy to DEI for what? An absolute masterpiece. Congratulations on what, what a what a success with that movie. So thank you for that work and, and congratulations on the success. Amen. Thank you so much. And I, and we, we are in fact paying all of our guests to say that. So if you're wondering, So by, By the way, I expect my, I expect my $8 by the end of the night, Dr. Phil, thanks for making time for us on this important night. So, well, thank you guys. We'll be in touch. The thanks so much. Quick point to make on, on Texas, you know, we can take it lightly. That, that Senator Cruz won his third term in Texas.


Democrats dumped $80 million into that race. And so the fact that they keep pouring money down rat holes in non-competitive states because they get a little bit over their skis is quite a good thing. 'cause all those dollars could have gone to Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin. So the fact that they decided to spend it there instead is, is a good thing. The, the New York Times needle continues to steadily Yeah. Slowly creep toward the right, meaning more toward President Trump. And it's, and it's, it's entertaining to watch. And, and, you know, we're gonna have to at some point split screen what they're doing over at M-S-N-B-C and just find out how they're dealing with the, with the emerging evening. You know, the, the New York Times headline right now is Trump wins Florida and Texas, other big prizes still out. So they're not saying anything about North Carolina yet, although, again, very likely that it's gonna win.


Moreno is up right now in the, in the vote in Ohio by about five percentage points in Ohio. This AP Here, what was that? What are you reading? I'm looking at the New York Times right now in, in Pennsylvania. Bob Casey is up by two, but only 43% of the vote in, so that is certainly not as positive. Hmm. Tammy Baldwin up by 1.1, only 37% of the vote in, again, we're in the real early hours here. And guys, I have a feeling we may be in for a bit of a long night here that this sort of hopes that that just because they move so damned slowly Yeah. In these rust Belt states, Sean Trend, excellent poll analyst over real clear politics says if Trump wins, which looks increasingly likely with every minute, it's gonna be with the most racially diverse Republican coalition in a very, Very long time.


By way, Ben, when you mention we might be here for a long night, at least you're not saying we might be here for a long five nights, because if, if, let's say Wisconsin goes the way that it's looking, even though it's early, then we, then we know tonight. I spoke with Senator Marsha Blackburn earlier on my show today and Senator Blackburn's, I said, are we gonna be doing weeks of this? She said, Michael, my prediction is by midnight tonight, you're gonna get to two 70. That's what I, and I I, I was skeptical at the time, but it is increasingly looking like we very, very much could know the next president tonight. Well, the good news is that Joy Reed is saying that Florida has an extreme right wing fascist government, and she's well calibrated as always Joy Reed. She well, aptly named Joy. She's, so, the, the, the amount of joy in the Democratic Party these days is truly off off the charts.


It's You got the whoopee you got the joy. Yeah. It's, It's done in the morning. It's really quite wonderful. I wanna circle back to this idea though, that we had to sue them to force them to keep doing their legal, their, their Well threaten to sue, threaten, Threaten to sue them in order to get them to live up to their legal obligation to continue counting tonight. Yeah. They don't care about the appearance of impropriety. No. Okay. They, they certainly don't. And I, I think, again, this goes to a deeper point here. So if President Trump does pull it off, obviously it's the greatest story probably in the history of American electoral politics. Sure. Because the first time was fluky and weird. And that was an amazing story. Him coming all the way back to win again, only Grover Cleveland, the, the, the famed. And, and by the way, they didn't, they didn't try to throw Grove Grover Cleveland into prison four times.


Yeah, A hundred percent. But I think that we, we may be in danger of overlooking the actual big story in the magic of President Trump. And that is how, how just unbelievably much the Democrats suck truly how much they suck. I mean, like, they, the, the fact that they don't go back to the drawing board. They, they have Donald Trump who they think of as the richest environment. Like he's a target rich environment. Just, they, they wanted him to be the candidate. They wanted him, they desperately wanted him. They didn't want Haley, they didn't want DeSantis, they wanted Trump. And they got, again, they are just the monkey's paw every time they wish on the monkey's paw. It comes through in the worst possible way for them if he ends up. But I think that we ought to focus for just a minute on how much they suck because we're focusing a lot on president, really, like, as the, their program, how bad it is.


How much of this is not a reaction about how wonderful Trump is, as much as it is just a reaction to how terrible they've been. Joe Biden was a shit president, sorry to put it that way. He, he was, he's a terrible president. Kamala Harris. It was a terrible vice president. So, yeah, again, like I I, I think that half the story here needs to be that, because what I would love is for the Democratic Party, it'd be better for the country if the Democratic Party, instead of attributing it to the magic powers of President Trump self-corrected and said, you know what guys? We've lost the thread here and we need to start reentering the realm of reason. It's pretty simple. If, if Kamala loses and if she's losing a, a huge portion of the, of the black vote and all these things are happening, it's because, you know, the Democrats haven't done anything to make people's lives better.


And that's the, that's the basic thing you're supposed to be doing. And, and Trump understands that. It's the, the basic pitch is I'm gonna make your life better. Here's how. And the Democrat pitch is always just resentment and victimization. And it's that emotional kind of pitch. The the question is, who would lead the Democratic self examination? The New York Times, the LA Times, the Washington Post. Harvard University CBS. That's the problem. Well, now see, I, I think there is a, there is a thing that could be done, and it's the top levels of the Democratic party. So what they showed in Ousting, Joe Biden, we all called it a coup.


'cause it kind of was, but it kind of wasn't meaning that's how a functional party works. They didn't like their nominee. Yeah. The upper echelons of the party ousted their man and then they put somebody else in because that's the upper echelons of their party. The job they party is to win elections. If you keep losing elections to Donald Trump, perhaps the upper echelons of the party might wanna take another look at how things are going. By the way, here's an interesting exit poll out of New York. So now there have been some exit polls on the Jewish vote. Obviously I have a bit of a dog in this particular fight. The, the current exit polls outta the state of New York have Donald Trump winning 43% of the Jewish vote in the state of New York. That by is by far the most populous Wow. Jewish state in the country. You know, I'm disappointed in, in the Jews who voted for, you know, Kamala Harris. But then again, you know, I I had predicted that that Trump's ceiling with the Jewish vote just because Soviet few Jews actually care about Judaism or Israel was gonna be about 40%.


Anyway. So if Trump approximate to anywhere in that neighborhood, that's a huge shift considering that usually there, the Jews go like, you know, 70% for the Democrats in, in any possible election. The New York Times, by the way, has now moved its needle estimating that that President Trump is likely to actually win the popular vote again if he wins the popular vote. And Popular college are Popular. Yeah. If the, if he wins the popular vote and the electoral college, that's the first time a Republican has won both the popular vote and the electoral college since 2004, it has been 20 years. Hmm. And at that point, panic has got to be sending in for the Democratic Party, especially because they can't even claim this is a low turnout election. This is an extraordinarily high turnout Election. Highest turnout Election ever. Highest turnout election ever is, is what this is going to end up being.


And you Know, you have to remember, the Democrat Party is governed by its minority. The radicals in the Democrat party are the minority. They're not the, the most number of people or the most number of, but now The Democrat minorities are becoming Republicans, which is even better The, the estimated Trump margin of victory for the, for the New York Times. Right now they're suggesting Trump plus 1.8 in, in Pennsylvania right now, 49% of the vote counted That Is that, is that is by the way, Are are they, if you know, are they having AI analyze this? That's a good Question. I I, I have no clue. I have no clue how they're Doing any of this stuff. They're very curious. I'll, I'll bet they are. And, and if they are, it actually adds a little more credibility in my opinion. I'm sorry to say.


Yeah. President Trump has won Montana, by the way. So that, I knew you were waiting on that. I knew you were waiting. Well, we're waiting on be waiting on the Senate race in Montana. Isn't That? Well, that one's done. He's gonna, she, he's gonna' got, Oh yeah. Got it. Can we, can we throw up the current electoral map? Yeah. Because I think this is actually worth taking a moment and seeing exactly where we stand right now. Look at that. It's, it's, there's nothing here that's particularly surprising, but that is actually a very good thing. Lots of states are starting to get called, they're not going in directions that we, they're, they're not defying wildly what our expectations were. This race was always most likely to come down to what happens in the Rust Belt.


And it looks like that's exactly what's gonna happen. The, the betting markets for the moment have President Trump a heavy, heavy favorite. So, you know, poly market has President Trump at like an 80% favorite. Again, the, the numbers continue to move in President Trump's direction. If the theory of the Democrats was that high turnout favors the Democrats, they were totally, totally wrong. Yeah. Because they, They were totally wrong. It was, was interesting what his name Brent was saying before the, the pollster was saying before that they were right up to a point and then not right. Yeah, they were right. If it went higher than 2016, and then if it went higher than 2020, it was unknown territory. And it's guys, I guess showing Up. You know, a friend of mine, a very good financial professional, a very good investor was pointing out to me last week that he, he was feeling increasingly good about Trump's chances, not because of the polls, you know, the polls were all over the place.


And you had that crazy Iowa poll that worried us all so much, not even because of poly market or any of the betting markets, but because financial markets seemed to be pricing in a Trump victory. And not only were the rich people putting their money there, but the rich people were putting op-eds in the Washington Post, like Jeff Bezos's op-ed decision not to endorse that. It seemed as though institutional financial interests with a lot of information, much more information than any of us seemed to, to see a good chance of a Trump Hit. Look, listen, the minute that Jim Kramer said that it was likely that Harris was gonna win, it was over Guaranteed. Right? We knew that It should have dumped all money at that point. You just roll your money into the market against Jim Cramer because no one has ever gone broke betting against Jim Cramer, the most obvious pick in the entire world.


So again, as these results continue to flow in, it's, it's exactly what you probably would've thought at this point in time. The Democrats had put a hell of a lot of faith in North Carolina in possibly flipping Georgia. Remember, she's already doing worse than Biden. It's just a question of how much worse she does than Biden. Remember Biden won Georgia. He won Arizona. He, he won a bunch of, he won a bunch, bunch of states that, that Trump had won in 2016. Those states are gradually coming off the table for Kamala Harris at this point. An Interesting thought experiment is, will the Democrats be doing better now if they just kept Biden In? This is a great question. It's a serious question really. Because where she is, where she is picking up votes is in the suburbs, but where she's lagging is with males.


And it turns out, like I thought an early indicator in this election that she had a massive problem on her hands was the Teamsters Union. So I remember, remember this, they did, they did a poll of the Teamsters Union members when it was Trump versus Biden. And Biden was leading Trump something like 47 to 35 or something. And then they did another poll after they flipped out Biden in favor of Kamala Harris. And suddenly Trump was beating the living hell outta Kamala Harris beating like 60 to 40 among the Teamsters. Why? Guess what? Every teamster's a dude. And it turns out that it's not just that they, it, it's not, they don't want a woman president. They don't want this woman president who seems to scorn men. This seems entire campaign has been about how much they hate men. I hate to break it to everybody, but if you watch anything about this campaign, it is not just about an appeal to single women.


It's about how much they despise men when they tried out Doug Emh Hof and say, this guy is an example of masculinity. Masculinity. Well, he's allegedly beating women and knocking up the nanny. And then meanwhile they're suggesting that your garbage, if you're voting for Donald Trump, or when they tried out Tim Walls as a, as an example of masculinity, the assistant football coach who can't even properly use football terminology and who can't even control his limbs, breaks into uncontrollable spasms every so often. And his obnoxious wife Turn the page, turn the, like, could you have found a more obnoxious group of human beings to set upon the United States? Joe Biden is many things senile, horrible at his job. Obnoxious. He's actually less obnoxious now than he's senile than he was before he was senile.


And he's certainly less obnoxious than this crew. Yeah. I I think Biden probably would be doing better for all the reasons you point out, which means that, oh, It's gonna be so fun. Dude, may Maybe one of the, maybe the, the most disastrous political strategic decision made in modern times was for Biden to challenge Trump to a debate before, except for this, before the convention. 'cause if he hadn't done that, then he's still in there. Yes. But, but was it Biden who challenged Trump? Or was it the Democrat apparatus? Yeah, That was, I think, better find out or, or let people know what we already know. What, what's so disturbing to me about this issue of men is the closing pitch that you saw the Democrats make to young men. Yes. Which was essentially, here's your weed and your porn.


Go have your little disgust, treasure palate Disgust. A hundred percent. And That if that had worked, that would've been the most demoralizing thing, I think for the future of the next generation. And, and part what I am actually pretty optimistic about is that young men seem to really reject that cynical play for their vote. I mean, these are the, this is the first generation of young men that we have seen that are more religious than young women, even the first that we've seen that are more pro-life than boomer men, than Gen X men. So that alone gives me a lot of hope. Also, men don't want to be told that their chief priorities are porn and, and pot.


Even if they're potheads and they look at porn every day. Yeah. They're probably at some level ashamed of that fact. So they don't want that to be their identity. And You know, even just generationally, there's only so long people can live without meaning, you know, this is this, they really sold us a life without meaning. Our bodies don't mean anything. You know, how, how can you even say that to someone? Your body has no valence as a, as a spiritual entity that you are born a man, but you have no manly responsibilities. You're born a woman, but you have no womanly role. I mean, what, who would, who can live like that? You're Born a woman and you may not Be one beyond that. It was God's mistake. But They, they've done something that that's truly amazing with, with single women, which is that they've, in order to overcome that spiritual emptiness, they've actually treated abortion as a sacrament.


Yes. Right. It's, it's not, it's not like pornography. So for, for young men, it's deeply insulting because no one thinks pornography is a sacrament. They just know that it's a vice. Everyone knows it's a vice. Yeah. You like it, you don't like it. It's a vice. Everyone knows it's a vice pr pen is not a vice is silly. Everyone knows it. Men feel like clear abortion also is a vice, but it's been treated as a sacrament. Why? Because what it is is a sacrifice you make on behalf of your own individuality. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing that they've sold to a bunch of young women. That's a, I think it's a horrifying, I think it's a, I think it's a terrible sales point for every possible reason, but it's a sales point. It is not true for young men. If you run a commercial to young men and you suggest that, you know, young men are gonna be stopped from masturbating to pornography, which is they ran a literal commercial along these lines.


Yes. That if they, that if they, that if there will be a Republican legislator who takes away your phone and stops you, I feel like 80% of the public might be on the side of the guy taking away your phone and stopping. And especially the men, the men who were addicted to porn, they would say, thank you. All right, thanks. Actually, I'm glad I can't control myself Again. And that's not even a case for making things illegal. That's just a, that's just a case for, for what people think of the activity, how nobody thinks the activity is like an affirmative good. Like it's a wonderful, wonderful thing. And so for Democrats to paint that as like the essence of the human experience for males, we'll deprive you of the, of the meaning of being a husband. We'll deprive you of the meaning of being a father. We'll deprive you of the meaning of being a provider. Yeah. We'll, deprive the meaning of being a defender of your home, but you can really jack off a lot. Yeah. Like, that's, that's the thing that we're training you who like what man in the, in his heart feels like.


What a great message. You know, Speaking of vice though, the biggest surprise results so far for me tonight, and I say this with special joy as an owner and founder of Mayflower Cigars, which is now competing with the devil's lettuce in a lot of markets that Not in Florida where it's legal. That's right. I thought they were going to vote to legalize the sin spinach throughout the state. And they, I I'm actually floored that that's the only big surprise to me so far. Well, Because, because the voters there can look at where it's been. Like I said before, it's about making your life better. You can look at where it's been legalized marijuana or decriminalized all across the country. It has demonstrably made those communities worse. Yes.


Anyone, anyone who's anyone who's done any traveling can see this. You can smell it. And I say this to someone who I admit that I was in favor of weed legalization only like two or three years ago because I, and I bought a lot of the arguments that, well, it's not much worse than alcohol. I don't particularly like it, but it doesn't. But then they do it and you go around to these communities Yeah. And they're just completely consumed by this stuff. It's obviously made everyone's life worse, especially the people who actually do it. There's something else that's happening in Florida too, which is the Republicans who move there are saying, no, you, you're not opening our our foot. You try to get your foot in the door, we'll cut off your foot. Like no. The answer is no. You try to do This. This is so new. I I want you to know, 40 years ago when I began radio, I asked my audience, which was, has always been largely conservative, would you rather catch your teenage child smoking a cigarette or a joint?


Everyone said joint. I said cigarette. And it was, it, it was one of the only times where I knew 90% of my audience disagreed with me. Yeah, yeah. But I mean, they, they still respected me and all that, but they just thought I had lost my mind on that issue. I was right then and I am right today. Yeah. It, it is, it is so awful. Marijuana, the damage that it does to the, to the human spirit, the cigarette does no damage to the human spirit. One third of cigarette smokers will die prematurely according to the American Lung Association. That is sad. But I, but I rather gamble on my child 40 years from now being the one out of three to have lung cancer than losing his spirit, his energy, his drive, his mind at 18.


Yeah. Record. And so here record's the latest update. So according to Nate Cohen, chief Political Analyst for the New York Times, he does a really good job. He's still very early in Pennsylvania, but in the first few counties, we voting is complete along with hundreds of completed precincts across the Strai. A state Trump is running ever so slightly better than he needs to win at this point in time. Which state Is this? That's Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. That's in Pennsylvania In right now. The, the New York Times is estimating in, in a variety of states that Trump is likely to win. They're estimating that he's likely to win Wisconsin. They're estimating that he's likely to win Michigan. Their estimated margin of victory right now in Wisconsin is 1.4 in favor of Trump. That has been moving up steadily. The estimated margin for victory, the New York Times, is currently estimating in Pennsylvania, is Trump plus 1.9, which is not an insignificant lead.


Wow. And I, it again, the, the numbers are moving in Trump's favor by, by the way, too early to get super duper excited. You'll see the big smile breakout on my face when we start to get really, really excited. And then of course, we have a moral obligation to show our friends over on M-S-N-B-C and, and Revel in their misfortune. But, but the, What percentage of votes in Pennsylvania counted? So right now, Pennsylvania has counted approximately 54 percentage percent of the vote in w Wisconsin. They're currently at 48% of the vote in Michigan, we are currently at 21% of the vote. And of the three states, the New York Times is estimating the biggest lead for Trump in Michigan at 2.1%. So again, the numbers are, the trends still early. It's only 9 22 central time by midnight, we're gonna know a lot.


But you're seeing 2.1 for Trump in Michigan, That that is their estimate right now. Wow. For his estimated margin of victory. 2.1%. What are you looking at? No, I'm just, I guess I'm, I'm looking at an outdated map. Yeah, Yeah. You need to reload it. The, the meanwhile, they're, they're putting Trump right on the verge of a Lean R in Michigan. They right on the verge of Lean R in Pennsylvania, right on the verge of Lean R in, in Wisconsin. So if the numbers continue to come in the way that they're coming in for President Trump, he's gonna be the president of the United States. So Here, here's the great, here's one that I'm speculating on. I, I'd love your input. If he does win, what will they say is the reason?


So they're gonna blame it on the American people. They've run out of reasons. Yeah. So then no, really, this is, I No, I agree. They'll What? They'll blame it on the American people. They blame it on us right now. Toxic the popular vote I Yes. Right. They, they, no, that's right. You're, you're exactly right. You, they, they've run out of things to blame except for the American people. So they tried social media in 2016 and it failed. And they tried the Russians in 2016 and it failed. And then in 2020, they said it was the revenge of the American people. The Normies are back. Okay, well, you know what, we're gonna cut here, right here too. Senator Ted Cruz, he's giving his victory speech. I was campaigning with him two days ago. So I feel a moral obligation to give Ted his moment in the sun. Ted ran a great race here, pulled it out against Colin Ro Let's go live to him. Victory. But a mandate, a mandate from the people of Texas.


And let me be crystal clear about what that mandate means. First, we must secure the border, not with empty promises, but with concrete and steel and law and order, and with the unshakeable resolve from knowing we are protecting those. We love the cartels who poison our communities, the traffickers who prey on the innocent, their days are numbered.


Second, we must unleash Texas energy. The answer to America's energy needs isn't Venezuelan's oil fields or the ayatollah in Iran, but rather it is right here in Texas, in the Permian Basin and throughout the state of Texas. We will drill, we will frack, we will produce, and we will lead the entire world.


And we will never again let foreign dictators hold American energy independence ho hostage. Third, we must defend our God-given rights. Not some of them, not most of them, but all of them. The right to speak truth in an age of enforced lies. The right to worship the Lord God Almighty, with all of our heart, mind, and soul, without government getting in the way and the right to protect our families without asking bureaucrats for permission.


But above all, this mandate means fighting.


Alright folks, we are back. That is Senator Ted Cruz, who has won his race in Texas for a third consecutive term. Again, we are very thankful for tonight's sponsors. We're gonna take a moment to tell you about them right now, and then we will be right back with more breaking results. If there's one thing we can all agree on this election season, it's that taxes are terrible. That's why we've partnered with Tax Network USA. Well, just like the Daily Wire fights for your beliefs and your rights, our friends at Tax Network USA will fight for you. If you're struggling with the IRS, they have teams of attorneys and expert negotiators ready to help settle your IRS issues quickly and in your favor. Even if you haven't filed your taxes in 1 5, 10 years, they can help. Well, if you're wondering what gives Tax Network USA the Edge, it's their preferred direct line to the IRS. They know which agents to talk to, which to avoid. They won't back down until they secure the best settlement for you, which could save you thousands. It is indeed pretty terrific. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debt for people like you. Don't wait until the IRS closes in Give Tax Network USAA call, it's free. Talk with one of their strategists and see how they can help. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/daily wire. It's time to put this nightmare behind you. Again, that's 1 809 5 8 1. Or visit tn usa.com/daily wire Thanks to Tax Network USA for sponsoring the Daily Wires Election Night coverage


Run Oracle database in any cloud. So you can bring AI to your data anywhere, develop AI powered apps, use cutting edge gen AI features like Vector search and modernize your apps with Oracle database running in every popular cloud platform, O-C-I-A-W-S, Azure, and Google Cloud. That means you run your workloads where you see fit with built-in ai, high availability in the leading performance you expect from Oracle Database. See what you'll be able to do at oracle.com/multicloud.


Well, Alrightyy folks. So the latest is President Trump in the New York Times needling. Lots of the needling going on over there in the New York Times needle. Donald Trump is favored in Wisconsin, in Michigan. In Pennsylvania, yes, in Nevada as well. Dave McCormick has also moved into the lead in Pennsylvania as well. The numbers continue to look very strong for President Trump across the board. That's the most racially diverse Republican coalition in the history of the Republican Party, or at least in the modern history of the Republican Party. What we are seeing is a complete failure of the Kamala Harris campaign in terms of getting out minority votes in large numbers. People are not showing up in the suburbs in the way she needs them to show up. Right now.


Right now, the New York Times suggests that President Trump's margin of victory will be 1.5 in Wisconsin, 2.0 in Pennsylvania, 2.0 in Nevada, 2.3 in Michigan, 2.6 in Georgia, 3.2 in North Carolina, and 4.1 in Arizona. Those are all big numbers for President Trump. It continues to the, the, the numbers continue to move in one direction, in one direction only. So we are gonna continue to obviously watch these numbers as as they come in you, one of the funny things about the way that X works, by the way, is because X is no longer chronological, you have to check the timestamp on every single tweet. Yes. So something like Kamala Harris, people are feeling good and you check the timestamp was like six hours ago. They're not feeling so good at this particular moment. Can we Go back to the question Dennis asked was a interesting one.


Who, who are they gonna blame if they lose? And you were saying, Ben, that they're gonna blame the American people. Yes. Which I think is, is is mostly right, but specifically they're gonna blame men. I mean, that's what it's gonna be. They Yes, they're going to blame men. And you and you think about what Hard to break in decision Desk has officially called Georgia for Trump. So we knew that was done, but that's done. Okay, go ahead. Sorry. Who called it for Trump? Decision desk? It's called for, Georgia's been called for Trump. He's got North Carolina, he's got Georgia. He's gonna take Arizona. Once again, just to reiterate, it comes down to the blue wall states. And Trump currently has momentum in all three blue wall states. Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt. You just gotta give the data. Don't interrupt. With presidential election stuff, that's not what we're here for. Now, we're here to listen to me.


I No, when you think about what happened at, after 2016, immediately you had the women, the women's March, you know, all the crazed feminists go into like the Me Too movement, you know, feminists were, were out for vengeance. And I, I, I think of this happens again, that's what it's going to be like on steroids. And, and it's going to be, this is the, the, the men did this, the men's fault. And it's, it's gonna be kind of like the, the early 2020s, BLM blame whitey except targeted at men, black men included. Right. But but probably large, they will still attack white men in particular. Oh, sure. Yeah. The of course, white men in particular. Actually, I don't think that that's right. I think they're gonna attack black men in particular.


Really? Well Obama did. Yes. Because I think that they, there was no expecta. White men are already evil. Yeah. Their expectation was that black men were going to get them over the finish line if they just nagged at them enough. And in a way, and when people feel betrayed by a population, yeah. They tend to be much angrier at that population than when they had no expectations. They already knew that the white men are the bad guys. If black men show up 25% for Trump across the country, they're gonna lose their ever-loving minds. And, and here's the thing, they are banking on the idea that women are inevitably just gonna continue hating men at the rate that they want them to hate men. Yeah. I mean, really that's gonna be their program. Their program is if we just yell at men more, and women really, really are afraid of men and they're scared of men and all this kind of, but there is this natural thing that happens with men and women. I don't mean to explain the birds and the bees on the air, but it turns out that a huge number of women actually kind of like men and, and actually would like to, you know, sometimes get married to them and then maybe have babies with them and all the rest of that sort of stuff.


And so, I don't know how much Prozac you can dispense out there. I mean, I understand that like a huge number right now of, of Americans generally aren't antidepressants, but there's gonna come a point where people are like, Hey, maybe this isn't the way that we ought to go. Maybe I should try, you know, like forming a normal human relationship with a person as opposed to being so woke online that all of my fulfillment comes from wearing a pussy hat at a march or something. Right. Well, I was gonna say, I think part of what you have happening with young women is there is an actual desire for male leadership and they're not seeing it. So to me, maybe part of the silver lining that could come out of this is if at least the GOP learns that hey, there may be something beneficial in not solely targeting our political messaging to wine moms, maybe if we can actually turn out the male vote, men will step up and take some more ownership for where we're headed politically in this NA nation instead of deferring to, let's say Eve.


Okay. By the way, Not to put too fine a point on. Right. I think that's a very good point actually. You Know, by, by the way, looking at, at how the various Democratic Senate candidates are performing vis-a-vis Kamala Harris, they're all outperforming her by leaps and bounds. That is true in Arizona, where currently Ruben Gallego is outperforming Kamala Harris by almost eight points in Ohio. She, brown is outperforming her by seven in Texas. Ka wait, He's outperforming by seven and losing, This Is why I keep asking about Really? Yes. Because yeah, because that's a, that's a Trump plus 10 state. That's like a, like, yes, Moreno's gonna win that state by probably two to three at the end. May, maybe more, maybe more. Meanwhile, Colin all already outperformed her in Texas by four to five points. Again, what, what is the show? It shows that she is a weak candidate.


She was always a weak candidate. If Democrats were gonna swap her out, then they should have actually swapped her out. For somebody who isn't awful at her job, how many times the, the, the utter insane confidence that Democrats had. Yeah. To take a person who has failed every time she's put on the national stage and be like her. Yeah. That's the one on the base of intersectional characteristics. That is the stupidest thing. Like just, you go back in your mind for a moment to just, before they'd swapped out Kamala, and they were talking about getting rid to buy, and everybody was like, yeah, he's gotta go. That dude ain't even, he ain't got a working brain or anything. And then they were like, okay, so who could it be? And there was a bunch of talk about, well, maybe it'll be, you know, Gavin Newsom, or maybe they'll try JB Pritzker, or maybe they'll get Josh Shapiro, or maybe it'll be, maybe it'll be somebody who's good at this.


And they're like, no, it must be Kamala. And at the time, everybody was like her. Her, I mean, was arrested development her really? And as it turns out, her is the proper response to Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris 1.0 Giant fail as a, as a presidential candidate. Kamala Harris 2.0 as vice president, giant fail. And it appears, again, don't wanna speak too early, if this continues. Kamala Harris 3.0 Giant just fail in the history of presidential fails. I was talking to a friend of mine who does not work in politics, and I said, I don't know, I'm actually starting to feel pretty good about this because I think that maybe Trump could pull it out. And he looked at me because he's normal, unlike, you know, unlike us. Yeah. He says, oh, hold on.


Wait, Michael, you're telling me that this super unpopular lady that nobody likes that never got any votes that got thrown in at the last minute, who says all the things that people don't want to hear? She's gonna lose to the really famous, popular guy. You don't say so. And I, at the time, I said, Hey, you're oversimplifying it. You don't, but you know, if the, the election continues to go the way that it's looking right now, that might in fact be the postmortem, is Oh yeah. Common sense still holds. Yes. My brother, not a political guy, same kind of guy. And, and he texted me, I, I mean, I was blown away to get a political text from my brother in which he watched Trump on one of these comedians podcasts.


And he said, oh yeah, he's gonna win. Because that's the show everybody wants to watch for the next four years. You know, even a friend of mine from high school, he now lives outside of Milwaukee. He is, he is politically as moderate and independent as they come. He, he is the swing voter in the swing state in, in Wisconsin. And I, I was catching up with him for the first time in a year or two. He was over. We were having a cigar. I said, so what's your take? You're the don't hear what I have to say about politics. What do you say? And he goes, you know, I don't know. I don't follow Trump that much. I mostly watch like football. I'm here for a football game. You know? I don't know. I guess just my main takeaway from her is she seems kinda like a ding bat. That was it. That's all she, he knew about the race. Seems like a, a fairly solid take.


Yeah. Basically. Yeah. I think the de Democrats are learning a lesson that I learned from watching Breaking Bad, which is you can never have a, you gotta go the full measure, not the half measure. And they went to half measure because they took Biden out, but they couldn't imagine taking Kamala out too, because she's a black woman. But they all knew they should, but they just, they didn't have the gumption to do it and do the whole thing. And, and you, you know, it gotta go to the full measure This, or is it this, did they think Gavin Newsome, Josh Shapiro, any of these people who were pretty serious preserve 'em? Did they think, yeah, keep your powder dry, send up Kamala? No, no. Think, I think they knew. They knew that. They knew they needed to put one of them in.


They just did. They couldn't Do it. Couldn. But they, here's the thing, they didn't, they didn't have the balls to abandon their, their crappy political theories since 2012, which is get the minorities and single ladies out. They didn't have the balls to abandon that. And the only person who was gonna bring that they thought was Kamala Harris. By the way, the current New York Times needle suggests that Donald Trump has an 84% chance of victory in the presidential election. This is all quite enjoyable thus far in the evening. Let's hope that it trend, the trend continues. Joining us live from Arizona, our friend Dylan Law Group, founder, friend of hers, of ours here at DW Harm. Dylan, welcome to the show, Harmit. Thanks for having me, Ben. So we went from a cautiously optimistic to nauseous, optimistic to a little bit more openly optimistic as the evening is going on.


How, how are you feeling about things harmit? Well, we've actually started strong and continued strong here in Arizona. We had three weeks of early voting and Republicans outperformed even in Maricopa County and throughout the state. And tonight, the mood has been incredible. We feel really good about certainly Donald Trump winning. And many of our congressional candidates, you know, some of the races are close and some of the counties did their shenanigans. But we truly had an effort here with outside groups and the RNC and the Arizona GOPs organization with thousands of workers in the field to really get our low propensity voters in.


And so, I, I couldn't be more happy because I was here in 2022 and it was an absolute like meltdown, crying, totally different scene over here than it is tonight. So, Harmit, you know, one of the things that you've been very focused on in the, in the runup to this election was ensuring election integrity. Obviously, that that takes an awful lot of work throughout the election cycle, and it seems to be paying off tonight. You, you, you have people on the ground all over the country who are really working to ensure that, that nothing fishy goes on. You know, why don't you tell us about some of the stuff that you've been doing across the country in order to ensure that. So, leading up to this election month, there have been lawsuits filed for the last couple of years throughout the country that have focused on the different things that the Democrats corrupted in 2020.


And, you know, frankly, shame on our side over the years, not spending the amount of money and effort that the other side did to corrupt our elections, but making sure that state laws are followed, making sure that ballots are not counted after election day. Making sure that we have some kind of security that ballot harvesting is eliminated wherever we can do that. Making sure that outside groups like the Zucker Books effort are outlawed in as many states as possible. So for all the, for all the sort of static that Georgia gets as not being Trumpy enough, they actually did a tremendous job in reforming their election laws.


And that is, I think you're seeing the net result of that tonight there in another state. So here in Arizona, we've repeatedly gone to court to tighten up the enforcement of Arizona's quite good election laws. And since 2022, several improvements were made shortening the time for curing and tightening up the standards. We actually have a lot of more work to do in this election cycle because Arizona, for the first time, has some specific standards on matching signatures to the ballots, the mail-in ballots. And so that is actually a great election integrity measure. And, you know, everyone's scrambling around over the last three weeks and the next five days to make sure that people cure those ballots and get them in. So I love that.


Here on Election Night, what we had was dozens of attorneys on site where I am, and I'm sort of leading this effort. We have been blocking and tackling since 5:00 AM all day today. Literally sending lawyers out into the field and witnessing things that are happening, negotiating, telling election workers, they can't, you know, tell people with MAGA shirts, they can't come and vote, things like that. We even had a hearing tonight in Apache County, very late in the day. The Dems tried to keep all of Apache County open later on the Navajo reservation, and we limited it to nine sites where they had had some problems earlier in the day. And even those late ballots may not get counted. So it is a tremendous amount of organization by the Arizona GOP.


They literally deployed thousands of trained volunteers in multiple shifts today in the field. And so that level of organization is like a military operation. And it went off without a hitch. Every single slot was filled. The lawyers in the field, the lawyers here, and everyone is smiling at the end of the day. Everyone worked well together. So I'm so, so proud of being a part of this effort. That's Harmony Dill. She's been doing an amazing job over at Dillon Law Group. Harmony, really appreciate all your hard work during this election cycle, and hopefully it's too early to say it yet, but hopefully a little bit later tonight, we can all pop champagne remotely and enjoy a big election victory for Donald J. Trump and the Republican Party in the Senate, as well as in, as in the House, really appreciated hermit.


Thank you. So Michigan exit poll among Latino voters from CNN Trump's 60 here is 35. Wow. What the, what I mean, honestly, the, the, the shifts that you are seeing in these voting numbers are insane identity politics. If Trump wins with an, I keep I putting eyes on it. 'cause again, nothing sure holds Sure if things continue the way they are, Donald Trump put a stake through the heart of identity politics, which is hilarious. Okay. That's insanely hilarious, because do you remember that time when the entire left suggested that he was a vicious, brutal racist? He was a, you remember that? You mean that was like today. And remember that time when they suggested he was a white identitarian?


Yes. Right. Everything he did was all about white identitarianism, despite the fact that white identitarian have all disowned him during this selection cycle for being to pro Jew. And, and now it turns out that he's forming these single most working class blue collar, multiracial Republican coalition in modern American history. Well, hold on then. Yeah, I'm, I'm enjoying it a little Bit. The New York Times now says the needle is saying likely Trump, but then you zoom in on exactly the point you're talking about. It says 88% chance of victory. But all the libs told me that 88 is secret code for, for Hitler. Yeah. So maybe that's it. Maybe it's hidden deep beneath the New York Times saying Trump will likely be the next president Again. So much of this has to come down to how bad the Democrats have been.


I, I can't get over how bad they're, I can't get how over how bad they are at this. Like they, they picked the candidates they wanted to run against twice. Twice. They did it in 2016 and then they lost to him. He did it Again. Bill, bill Clinton encouraged Trump to run in 2016. Yes. Apparently Fox is saying that the Harris campaign is no longer responding to request for, Oh man, go baby. So that, that is, that is, You're drinking already. Pass me that bottle. I'll just pull a little sip. Just a little sip. You guys are going for a little bit early, but you know, now that I'm on, I'm going for the, it feels like bad luck. Ben. Let me ask you, This time I had the, this time I'm going for the Macallan. Is that bad All, sir? Okay guys, guys, there's still an election going on for derelict behavior.


Sorry. Yourself, I'm so sorry to Interrupt. So remember that time, sorry, go ahead. Well, So, okay, so if they can't go to identity politics, I is that permanently killed for the Democrat party, how do they get back those Hispanic men, those black men, how do they move on after this if they don't have that particular play to run? So I, I, I think that the thing that Trump has done that is of electoral benefit, but questionable conservatism has been his spending agenda. Right? He took that off the table by basically just competing directly with the Democrats. He's like, I'm not gonna touch Medicare, I'm not gonna touch Medicaid, not gonna touch Social Security off the table.


When he did that, it took away their biggest talking point, because there are really only two forms that demo Democratic politics takes these days. One is identity politics, and the other is Bernie Sanders socialism and Bernie Sanders socialism is only popular in its most like populous form, which is you have all these benefits and no one can touch our benefits. And if they touch up benefits, then they must lie. You don wanna throw Granny off a cliff E Exactly. And Trump was like, I don't wanna touch any of those things. I'm gonna leave. Well, I, the truth is both parties are totally wrong on this, but the dishonesty of both parties means that if you meet parody there, it's very difficult for them to outcompete on a lot of these socially conservative issues. Trump has taken a moderate position on things like same sex marriage on abortion. He's basically said, we're not touching it at the federal level.


So the question becomes, what are the things they're really arguing on that things they're really arguing on now are things like tax rates, should your child be trans and foreign policy. And guess what? Democrats lose on all those issues. So it's hard to see how they climb back in other than just circumstance. Right? Something goes wrong for Trump, there's an economic crash while he's president of the United States. There's a natural swing back to the other side or, or whatever. Now I I also think that we're in danger of, you know, not earlier I've said we should attribute a lot of this to democratic failure. But I think that we also have to attribute some of this to the power of Donald Trump. Obviously the man's unbelievably famous. He he is like the most famous person in America before he ran for president. Yeah. He he most famous Person in The world. In the world.


And so you took that person. Can some other Republican capture that in quite the same way? The thing about Trump is it made it almost impossible to full scale demonize him in the way Democrats wanted to. Yeah. Because everyone was just kinda like, you mean the guy from home alone too? Yeah. Yeah. They were like, he's Hitler, Trump is Elvis. You mean, you mean the one, you mean the one from like, you know, the apprentice that that guy that guy's Hitler is, is your case like, not Berlusconi like, like Hitler is, is where you're going with this. And so because of that, that gave Trump a bit of a superpower. I don't think that that superpower exists for nearly anyone else in American politics. And so the risk for Republicans is that they do to themselves what Democrats did over Obama. They think this is the new natural status quo as opposed to a thing they have to keep fighting for.


Right. And Democrats refuse to acknowledge that Barack Obama was in fact one of one. Yes. Donald Trump assuming his victory is in fact one of one. Yes. And all of his detractors, you know, people who have criticized him over things. I've criticized him over a lot of these things. The dude was always one of one. Yes. He's one of one. I mean, that's just a He's an American original. Yeah. He, he he's the, he's the most iconic figure of the 21st century bar. None without question. Without a doubt. No question about it.


Meanwhile, we're gonna take a quick moment and highlight some cool stuff going on here at Daily Wire. We'll return momentarily so I can take a drink of water or something. Yeah. Left's grip is slipping, but they won't go quietly. Now's the time to stand up Daily Wire is your voice confronting the lies, changing the culture? Join the voice of certainty and uncertain times the most important intellectual in the Western world and the star of the two most important documentaries in history. As long as our freedom is under threat, we'll be here fighting for you. Make your voice count. Join Daily Wire Plus today and get 47% off new annual memberships together. We'll fight the left and build the future.


You know, you want a cigar, but you don't know what cigar you wanna smoke. How do you choose a cigar? In the case of Mayflower cigars, the lighter Connecticut shaped dawn is in fact a mild to medium bodied cigar. The darker hano dusk is stronger and fuller bodied with a medium to full profile. Whichever size and shape of cigar you choose. I certainly hope it's a Mayflower. You must be 21 years old or older to purchase some exclusions may apply.


Right. Jeremy boring your back. Wow. It's, this place is so weird. Things just sort of, people materialize and they, they just like, people are just randomly are in and out. I Feel like I never left. It's a break. I feel like I've always been in this chair. I do have to say one thing about the uniqueness of Donald Trump or against the uniqueness of Donald Trump. He is, he does mark the death, thank God of the Bush McCain Romney party. Yeah, yeah. Which di is dying a death, a well deserved death. So this is the thing, okay, so back when we had the Republican primaries, I used to think, you know, I wish we could have a Ron DeSantis Gavin Newsom election. Yeah. I think that's the election the country deserves because that, that represents the actual fight we're having.


Red state, blue state. How do you want to live as of about last week? I don't feel that way anymore. I actually think this is the election we deserve. It might not be the election I particularly wanted to have, this might not be the choice I wanted to face, but because of what you guys were saying about the stake in the heart of identity politics, it's actually really important that Donald Trump, this flawed avatar of American populism is now up against this utterly empty vessel for nothing other than this dead philosophy that the Democrats have plunked for. Yeah. It really matters that we actually put that up there and put it to the test for better or for worse.


And the thing about Kamala, you know, people are always talking as if her problem is that she's inarticulate and that she gets nervous and she kind of flubs these questions. I think that is way, way too kind to her. If you say somebody's inarticulate, what you mean is there are thoughts Yes. Cogent thoughts going on in this person's head and somewhere in between that and what they're saying, it's not coming out right. Right. Happens to all of us. Right. Kamala Harris is expressing herself perfectly. The words that potato salad that comes out when she answers questions, that actually translates exactly what's going on in her head. And I think that's really important. And I actually think that Trump in, in his way, also sort of represents something even though he is su each other, I, I Think he has, he he had to do the thing and I hope he wins something, but even if he, he doesn't, that party is dead.


Yeah. And I think he had to do the thing that nobody else could do that. No. He had to be that brash, that course that, you know, un indestructible. Tell Me what's so bad about the Bush McCain Romney Republican party. Oh, it's, it's easy. I mean, we had, Ronald Reagan came out and basically brought us back to conservative ideals, true conservative ideals. And then George Bush stood up and said, I'm a kinder, gentler man. And I thought, what's kinder and gentle, kinder, gentle prosperity and peace. Yeah. You know what's kinder and gentler than freeing the, you know, Europe from the Soviet slave state. You know what, what is kinder and gentle than that? Bombing foreign nations into smithery. And, and then, and then his son came out and did the same thing.


You I compassionate, conservative compass conservatism and, and, and when government, when people are in trouble, government's got to move and all that stuff. That is literally JD Vance's economic policy, compassionate JD Vance has yet to be tested. But what I think is going to be JD Vance is on on the move, but he is not running president. It's so different. There's, there's the, the truth is, the truth is what you don't like about McCain Bush Romney was the affect. No, that's half right. It's Not just the affect It's policy too. Yeah. The S that is untrue. That's untrue. I'm just gonna say it flat out that's not true. It's true. He, he, he re responded To Mitt Romney was harsher on the border than Donald Trump was during his actual term. You don't remember self deportation and how people went.


Absolutely Nuts. But it's, it's mi not ney not affect that. He didn't wanna win because he didn't want to defeat Barack Obama also, which Is affect. Okay. So that's not affect, It's affect MIT ney. Tell MIT Romney, we don't know what his Policy is. Yeah. We don't know what he would've done. I'll Okay, but, okay, I just wanna be clear. The, the, there is a, there, there are a few areas where Donald Trump markedly differed from the traditional Republican party. Yeah. On immigration. He differed from the, actually post Romney Republican party. Romney ran as an immigration hawk in 2012. He did? Yeah. This is why Coulter, Ann Coulter supported him in 2012 because of this. Okay. This happened. He said, The back said would be severely conservative. I'm just, he's telling you about, okay. I'm just telling you Don, I don't agree with what you're calling affect is affect. I don't think it's affect to go after the press with a wrecking ball because the press deserves a wrecking ball and the rest of the party has trembled in their boats.


But that's not policy. That is affect. It's not Let's talk about what he actually did. That's not, That's not, it's not a bad thing. I mean, I'm not even arguing your point. I think that the, the idea that you do need a harsher brand of thing, I totally agree with that. I think that the, the difference between what, what Bush and Romney and McCain were trying to do, and what Trump did is Trump said the left fundamentally broke the country and now I need to fix the thing. But I'm not sure how exactly McCain is supposed to run with that. In 2008, after George KB Bush's president for eight years, any more than Kamala Harris could run with, I broke the country. Now let, he Might hold on. I I wanna hear Matt Just talk about Bush. I wanna Matt talk about Bush. 'cause he was actually president. The other two guys weren't. And it's not just affect there. I mean it's it's what he actually did.


But let's start with the fact that, that he, he sent us into wars that lasted for decades. So we can begin with that. Massively, massively expanded the federal bureaucracy. We can move to that totally ineffectual in preventing the illegal invasion across the border. I mean, those are three things that exploded The debt exploded the debt. So those are four things. Well, no, no, no. That's not that fourth one. Trump also exploded the debt, to be fair. Okay. Trump s Trump exploded the debt as far as the wars, I mean, again, there's a bit of revisionist history that goes on about, say the war in Afghanistan, which was approved with literally unanimity in the entire house of Representatives, with the exception of I think two votes. Okay. And as far as the war, No one, no one in this room would've opposed the war in, in Afghanistan.


No one in this room would oppose the war in Afghanistan if, if two towers got knocked down in America. Today, When I came, when I came back from Afghanistan, I said, we should never have gone in. When I, I didn't oppose it at the time 'cause I didn't know enough about it. And I was angry like everybody else. But when I went to Afghanistan, I came back and the first thing outta my mouth was, this was a mistake. Because, because What year Was that? I think it's 20. I'm not sure. 2016 maybe. Okay. So that's a little late to make that call. That's 13 years late to make that call. You don't get, make that call 13 years late and be like, Hey, by the way, 13 years, like, again, this is not, let me look it up. This is not the only point that I'm making about this is that when we talk about Donald Trump being a radical break from Republicanism, he is a radical break in terms of his attitude, which I agree does have ramifications.


And I think those ramifications are powerful because what the left need more than anything else, what the institutions of the left needed more than anything else was the middle finger. George Shelby Bush was not a middle finger. John McCain was not a middle finger. And MIT Romney was not a middle finger. Two agree. 2008, two Even beyond all this, you know, Even by 2008, that's, that's, that's, that's well on. I think that was, we invaded in 2002, six years into the book. I think we're overthinking this though. In the GOP there has been, for almost a century now, a split between the conservatives who are a little friendlier with the populists and the more establishment country club club set. And in the 1980s, that split was represented by Ronald Reagan as the conservative and George Bush as the moderate establishment type. The bushes have been establishment moderate types, going back to Prescott Bush at least.


And Reagan was the conservative. I think Donald Trump has inherited the mantle of the populist conservative side from Ronald Reagan. There are differences between the men, but there's a reason they had the same campaign slogan. And I think MIT Romney was a liberal, fairly liberal governor. They invented Obamacare. John McCain was an extremely liberal Republican senator, and they inherited the bush side of effects. Also, Jeremy said the last time we were talking that one of the things that a politician has to do is win. Rodney McCain lost and and they deserved to lose. Like when, when McCain when McCain, George W. Bush did not lose. No, he didn't. No, he Didn't. He's the only president in, in some of our lifetimes to win the popular Yeah. I I thought he was a truly mediocre president at the time that called for, for greatness, you know, which was, Do you believe that greatness would've been not going into Afghanistan?


Yeah, we shouldn't have gone into, we should have gone into Afghanistan and, and delivered punishment. But he set out to transform the Middle East into also Iraq is more, which is nuts. A bigger issue. What's that? Also, Iraq is more, That's, here's the thing again, the, the, it is easy to do. The hindsight is 2020 thing the only point that I would make. Yes. Because We Did anyone, did anyone here oppose Iraq at the time? I Did, but I was 13, so I, it doesn't Count. But like, but but in what way did that make the world safer? What way did that help America? Again, that's, that's not my point. The, the, okay. So here, not The world safer. How did it make America safe? The reality is that what's bizarre about the sort of populist versus non populist break that, so you're defining it as Reagan versus for Reagan Versus Bush Or Reagan versus Bush.


Okay. The, the problem with that particular definition is that Ronald Reagan was a peace through strength guy. Okay. Which means that Donald Trump is a peace through strength guy. Yeah. Which is a traditional Republican principle. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then when it comes to things like, say, traditional values, Ronald Reagan was a less moderate version. Georgia HW Bush was a more moderate version on abortion, on things like same sex marriage on all those policies. George h Shelby Bush was to the left. So again, I think one of the things Right, that's we have to point out Yeah. Yeah. Is that there is a hard distinction between the, the, i I think it's easy to do this kind of what I think is a mistake. I think it's a category error to simply suggest that he's a policy populist along the lines of Ronald Reagan as opposed to George a No, I don't, I don't say that.


He's, he's a stylistic populist along the lines of Ronald Reagan that I agree with. Because the argument that Ronald Reagan was making as you say Yeah. Was make America great. It was a restoration after a terrible period in American history. Yeah. And that is what Donald Trump was as well. And so the real break, I don't think was between say Donald Trump and, and MIT Romney. I think it was a break between a party that seemed to believe that we were, that, that we could simply sort of absorb the blows from the left and then every, and then be nice to them. And then every four years kind of absorb more blows from the left and then be nice to them versus somebody who came out both middle fingers in the air and said like, come, come get me. So hold on, hold on a minute. Every president has a different job to do, is faced with a different job.


Ronald Reagan was faced with the Cold War and turning Amer and America that had become soft on communism and soft on the aggression of the Soviets back into a nation that was willing to fight for itself and fight for the things that it stood for. That was his job. That was not Donald Trump's job. It was his job to do that with the press. And the press. And he was right. They were the enemy of within. He was right. They were the enemy of the people and Totally. And he was taken them down, down. And if he wins tonight, it will be largely because he took them down. Is it possible though, that one of the things that makes with our help so difficult to compare to these previous camps of conservatism, nevermind other presidents, but to other different factions within the, the conservative movement, is that what really differentiates him from all these guys is that he's fundamentally less ideological than either the populists or the country club conservatives, which means that there's not actually a philosophy there that you can contrast to these other philosophies.


It's true that you guys are talking about. And in fact, that might be exactly what you're all talking about in some ways, in that some of these guys, the Romneys of the world, seem to have felt that their correct ideas were enough to win them. Yeah. Power. I I agree with that. So when In fact Yeah. Yeah. If you're make, so the people have done the King David stuff with, with President Trump. If you're gonna, if I'm gonna do a biblical analogy for, for President Trump, there's a phrase that's used about Noah at the very beginning of the Bible where it says that he was a good man in his time, right? Yes. And so there's a big debate over like, what, what does that mean? That he's a good man in his time. And some commentary suggest good man in his time means, well he's even better because he's in a bad time. And then most commentaries say it means that like the time sucked and he was better than the time. Yes. If you'd put him in like a great time, then he wouldn't have been like a great, he would've been kind of in absolute terms.


Right. Exactly. And so I think that Donald Trump was made for his time. Yep. That's, and I think trying to take people out of their context and then just compare them outside of that context is wrong. I mean, George Shelby Bush was defined by the time of post nine 11. And Donald Trump is defined by the fact that Barack Obama wrecked the country. Yeah. That Barack Obama destroyed everything. And then Donald Trump came in and he said, I've said this from day one, even when I was critical of Trump, he was never the murderer. He was always the coroner. He came in and he said, this is a dead body here. This right here, this body is dead. And what we need to do is we need to make it not dead anymore. And the way that we are going to do that is by rejecting all of these institutions. So he is the, he is the man for his time. He's a man of his time and he's the man of his time. But I think that it's a mistake and a category error to then compare between times just as it's a mistake.


No, but I think, but I think Trump, I think Trump did a better Job at what, and, and also he was Given to do, I'll agree with you that, that in many ways Trump did a better, better thing with what he was given Right. Than what George W. Bush did, particularly in his second term. Particularly second. I, I think George w Bush's second term was a failure. And we have yet to judge down the second term because he, he hasn't had One yet. We, we have to compare between times and we always do. We would say about Barry Goldwater, Goldwater didn't lose, it just took 16 years to count the votes. You know, we, we obviously see that there are these factions and streams. So of course, you know Donald Trump today on an issue like gay marriage is to the left of Ronald Reagan. Yeah. And the Bushes and Obama and Obama and Hillary Clinton. That's because the issue was decided at the level of the Supreme Supreme Court. We also, and no rep, no prominent Republican today in in office opposes it.


So you have to, you have to compare in other ways. But President Trump has been more pro-life than any president in my life. I'm the first one to show up to March, July in, in his first. This is, there's two important points that we're, there's three that we're missing. One is that a lot of our opinions about these other guys are, are retrospective. Not things that we thought in the moment. And we don't yet have retrospective opinions about the entirety of a term of Donald Trump. 'cause there hasn't been a second term, which is point number two. There hasn't been a second term. Second terms are always worse, particularly for Republicans. But even Barack Obama's second term was far worse than his first term. Not if you get a four year break, then you get to up that Three, We say things like Bush got us into these forever wars.


Yeah. And that really is a left wing talking point. Mm. Iraq wasn't a forever war. Iraq was over when George W. Bush left office. And the very first thing that Barack Obama did was just give up the victory. Yeah. Right. He gave up the victory, but the Iraq war was over and had Barack Obama not given up the victory. Our view of the Iraq war today would be much, much different. In other words, if Bush had done everything that Bush did, but then Barack Obama had done anything different than he did. Yeah. Our view of that war would be different. And Afghanistan is obviously not an actual nation. It's a completely different thing. You know, there wasn't really a Democrat Democratic election in South, South Korea didn't become a democracy for several decades. For several decades after the Korean War.


The, these sorts of enterprises can't be done in a schizophrenic. But what Was the point of the Iraq war? Who cares? What if, what if we just never gone in who To Make, to make the Middle East into a, a Madisonian Democracy? No, I mean it, that's Not the reason why. No. I mean, if, if you, if you want the actual, the Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction Because literally Saddam Hussein refused to turn over any evidence that he did not have mass weapons of mass destruction. 'cause he was afraid he would be deposed. Yeah. That was one reason on a geopolitical level. There was always, there was also, again, this is not to say that it was the right decision in retrospect. Yeah, yeah. Everyone understands it was the wrong decision. But at the time, those were not, It had been US policy for 10 years. It was, it was also the policy of, by the way, most of Europe. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And it was, it also happened to be that if you look at a map, Iraqis on one side of Iran and Afghanistan is on the other side of Iran.


And the idea was that this, along with Kuwait and Saudi Arabia was going to bri a bulwark against the Iranians. And by the way, the counter, the counter proposal, which was Barack Obama's proposal, which was relieve all pressure on Iran, right. Has led to a giant Middle Eastern conflagration. So put all that aside, Bernie Moreno just won Ohio. So that's Bernie Moreno has officially won Ohio. Okay. So What is the, what is the la can we talk about? So Right now they're saying, look, the map, the most likely state to flip this is again, according to New York Times, is, is Michigan. It, it just said Pennsylvania. And they've updated it. So it's going between Pennsylvania and Michigan. But right now, the estimate from the Times is Trump 300 Harris 2 38. This is now well into the likely Trump category.


That's this is, We are at 70% of the votes counted in Pennsylvania. Donald Trump currently has about a 160,000 vote lead in the state of Pennsylvania. We have 61% of the estimated vote total reported in Wisconsin. Donald Trump currently has slim 50,000 vote lead or so in that arena. In Michigan, about 29% of the vote has been counted. President Trump has currently about a 70,000 vote lead in, in that arena. So again, Don Donald Trump is, is looking quite good right now. By the way, I just wanna say the, the reason that I'm, I'm pushing back just against the break with the Republican because I wanna be more specific about our definitions. If what you're saying is we should continue punching the left in the face, I totally agree. If what you're saying is that what we need to do is abandon the right wing on abortion or abandon the right wing on gay marriage or abandon free markets, or do any of that's the break that we're looking for.


Right. Or abandon a, a realist foreign policy that doesn't agree with NeoCon, but also doesn't agree with isolationism. Like I I just need more specific definition of what you mean. Right. In order to achieve the thing. What, what, what I, what I believe is that we can't achieve any of those things until the press is crushed. And I agree. I agree with you. So we don't agree, we don't disagree. Yeah. So we don't Disagree. So I I'm not gonna let us keep talking about this. Okay. There's an election happening. That's what people want us to talk about. Yes, I agree. And this, this conversation isn't helping the situation. Me, I don't know about that. I wanna go check in with our own Cassie Akiva who is in Pennsylvania right now, where Donald Trump is starting to out a lead. And Cassie, one of the things that's on my mind right now is what impact in the end is Israel's war actually gonna have on this election.


But, and here's what I mean. Pennsylvania has an incredibly popular democratic governor who is Jewish Kamala Harris. Instead of choosing a governor who almost certainly, almost certainly would've carried the state that she has to have in order to achieve victory, didn't choose him only because of the war happening in the Middle East, is that gonna end up being decisive in this campaign? The answer's yes. In case Casie, I think answered. I think he answered That was a setup, if ever I heard it. Yeah. I mean, hi guys. Hey Guys. Hey Cassie. I just asked you an amazing question, but Ben answered it.


So now I'm gonna ask you a different question, which is what, it's a vibe election. What is the vibe at McCormick HQ right now? The vibe is really good right now. We have the band coming out to play. Every time Pennsylvania is on the television, the whole crowd goes bananas. There's an open bar here. People are having a really good time. The turnout is looking really, really good right now, the only thing I wanna caution is that Dave McCormick has 80,000 fewer votes than Donald Trump right now, which is a little odd. But they're still feeling good. They just came out to the stage and said they're feeling good. And they said they're gonna give us another update at 1130. Can I actually say that even the fact that McCormick is trailing Donald Trump in Pennsylvania by 80,000 votes, reinforces the idea that Israel's war may cost Kamala the election because it is largely secular Jews in Pennsylvania who had a wake up call on ten seven to realize that they needed pro-Israel American president, but still don't wanna break with their ideological left wing political views.


And so there was an actual movement to say, split the ticket. Give us Donald Trump to protect Israel and protect Jewish people from Iranian aggression. But don't give up the Senate. We don't want to elect a right wing senate. So I don't think it's conclusive, but it's like a real data point. Is it not Cassie? It's Absolutely true. I actually spoke to Dave McCormick about this very point. He said that he really does think that Kamala's choice is gonna cost her Pennsylvania. But we also had a chance to talk to Dave McCormick at his childhood gymnasium, where he used to wrestle. We have the clip room here, voters.


This is a race between change and the status quo. I represent change. I'm a seventh generation Pennsylvanian, west Point grad combat vet businessman, political outsider. I've term limit myself to two terms. I'm going there for the sole purpose of shaking things up and getting America back on track. Bob Casey's a 30 year career politician. He's been in elected office for 30 years. He's the, the, the son of a, of a big, high, high profile governor. And he's lived off his father's name. He's not entitled to this seat. He hasn't earned it. And, and he's voted on this ex, these extreme liberal policies that are simply how to step with Pennsylvania. So I say to people on the, on the campaign trail, if you want change, vote for me.


So McCormick is feeling good tonight. You can hear it with a party going on here. We're gonna be here all night giving you updates from McCormick headquarters. And we'll be talking to you soon, Cassie. Thank you. And now we're gonna go over to Brent Buchanan. We've set up this amazing data center here that we've, we've never had anything quite like this at one of our election nights before. It's kind of fun actually, to think back to our first, this is our third presidential election. Yeah. As a company. And the first one The New York Times was calling 99% for Hillary Clinton at the beginning of the night. We thought it would be a short night. We started drinking early. By the end of the night, I was literally laying in my chair. I was, I don't drink often and I never, I never drink to excess, except when I'm on the biggest broadcast I've ever been on, which is like what happened that night.


But it was basically, I went back and looked at footage of it. We basically looked like we were broadcasting from my closet. And now we have this actual data center and Brent Buchanan here to tell us what's happening from signal polling. Brent? Yeah, so I walked into this building eight hours ago. I still don't know what time it is, and I was giving Trump a very, very slight edge. I was not convinced that the Republican early vote numbers were gonna actually translate to really strong overall turnout. I thought we were gonna cannibalize our election day turnout, which is what happened in Virginia in 2023. So let me give you a couple data points ramping up to what I wanna say first, if you look across the whole country with black voters, turnout is lower, but Trump's margin is higher.


That's telling us that a lot of black Democrats actually stayed home. Number two, if we go back to the focus group, we conducted, again, that's qualitative, but we had five people who said, probably Kamala, two people who said probably Trump. That in and of itself shows us that there were more people sitting on the sidelines who were not sure if they were gonna show up and vote for Kamala. And our exit poll that we're still running right now of people who said, I'm not gonna vote, or I didn't vote in 24, those folks would've been for Harris by a 13 point margin. Then when we look at the exit poll and look at the data point of who decided within the last week to today trump's up with those folks by six points. So here, here's the story of the 2024 election so far, democratic areas turned out at 2020 levels, Republican areas exceeded their 2020 levels.


And then you combine that along with this shift in black vote. That's partially black Dems staying home and Republicans increasing their margin with color, voters of color. And you start to see this picture where I would say I'm up in the eighties or nineties percentile that Trump's gonna be able to pull this off. You look at these rust belt states, for example, Lackawanna County here in Pennsylvania, I'm gonna have to go to list view 'cause they got a heck of a lot of counties here. So as we look at Lackawanna County, one thing really interesting about this county is that Biden won it by eight, four years ago, and she's only winning it by three at this point.


And they had a 2.3% increase in turnout over 2022. When we look at Lycoming County, somebody in PA's probably gonna fact check me on mispronouncing that this is a county that was plus 41 for Trump. He's performing there, but their turnout's even higher at 3.5% increased turnout over their 2020 numbers. Then you have places like Butler, which is an ex bourbon county in Pennsylvania, and this was plus 33 for Trump four years ago. It's plus 32 now, but there's a 3% turnout change. So you start to see all these places across Pennsylvania where Donald Trump is netting out more votes in the areas where he already performed well, he's netting out more votes in these ex bourbon counties, which was the entire Harris strategy, was to go into these ex bourbon counties and shrink the Trump margins.


And they're not, they're not changing at all. They're actually improving for 'em. Hmm. Wow. So Brent, when, when you're looking, you know, forward at, at the rest of the evening, and I think the, the big question we all have is when the hell do they call these things so we can all go home. But, you know, the but, but as the, as this trots out, you know it, why is it that the votes slow so much near the end, right? There's been like the steady increase in the vote count in places like Pennsylvania right now, New York Times saying 73% of the estimated vote total has already been reported. Do you expect that pace to continue? Like how fast did these things come in? Generally In the Rust Belt state's way too slow. You, you get this rush. I think we're looking at something like 60.


What is this showing here? 64% reporting in Wisconsin right now. We've got a strong probability of Trump winning there. And, and so we're just gonna see this estimated reporting number slowly come in. Unlike places like Georgia where we're already seeing 91% reporting. One unique thing about southern states is that because they do provisional ev every, every county and state does provisional ballots. But usually in the south, when you get to 95% reporting, you're actually a hundred percent reporting of everything outside of the provisional ballots. And the provisional ballots are only hundreds, maybe thousands of votes. And so once you get to this 95% in the south estimated reporting, you're basically everything, all the votes that that matter are in at that point.


You Know, Brent, the, the most shocking statistically we've seen all night long is it's exit poll from CNN showing Donald Trump, walloping Kamala Harris with Hispanic voters in Michigan 60 to 35, which is just, it's amazing. I mean, to, to put it technically, I believe the term is batshit lunacy. That that's, that's insane. The, what we're watching, if these numbers are anything close to reality, we're watching a massive political realignment happen right before our eyes tonight. Completely. And so here's another example of how this is starting to have 2016 turnout because, or at least margins not turnout 'cause we're way over even 2020 turnout at this point. But Eaton County here was plus one for Trump in 2020, but it was plus five for him in 2016, and he's now back to plus five in Eaton County.


Wow. Wow. Wow. By the way, Ted Cruz did win Latino voters outright in Texas by six. He lost Latinos in 2018 by 29 points. Well, 'cause he was running against that Hispanic beta O'Rourke. Yeah, that's okay. That's true. Well, Brent, really appreciate the insight. I'm sure we'll be coming back to you in very short order.


Our election map coverage, of course, is made possible by our sponsors over Lumen Hack your Metabolism with one simple device, understand your body more with Lumen.


So yeah, guys, I mean this is, it's an astonishing result what we're watching in real time. Now, listen, these margins are still really, really close. I mean, we'll see, this is all estimated, right? This is us all, you know, getting happy off the New York Times making their estimations right. And when they say that there is say, a 64% chance or a 69%, that still means there's a 31% chance it goes the other way. And remember, remember the betrayal of the needle Yeah. For Hillary Clinton when it was 99% pro Hillary. Now it's obviously a little bit later in the election at this point, But That's right. Don't forget the, the betrayal of the needle against Hillary was always moving in one direction. Yes. From the top of the night to the bottom. And, and this needle has also always been moving and basically always been moving in one direction from the top of the night to now.


And it is now pretty solidly in the likely Trump wins camp. Nate Cohen at the New York Times came out and said about 25, 30 minutes ago for the first time tonight, we are declaring it is, it is our opinion that it's likely that Trump wins. Mm. And If you look at those Senate races, by the way, currently Dave McCormick is in fact leading Bob Casey by almost a hundred thousand votes. Again, Pennsylvania does not look like if, if trend continues, Pennsylvania does not look like it's gonna be particularly close. It looks like Trump is gonna walk away with it by at least a couple of percentage points. They're saying there aren't enough votes left in Philly to point it out for me in Michigan, Mike Rogers is currently leading Alyssa slot can in Michigan, by the way, Mike Roger, Mike Rogers makes 55. Mike Rogers makes it 55. Huh. You know, I felt pretty good about Mike Roger. Yeah. My Mike Rogers, he, he made a late breaking move and I, I was a little skeptical of Mike Rogers because he spent so much of the time trailing.


Right now he's about 50,000, 60,000 votes on Alyssa Slotkin in Michigan, in Wisconsin. Eric HDI is currently up by about 26,000 votes or so on Tammy Bald with 65% of the vote in now. Gotta give a shout out to the worst candidate of the cycle. Our girl, Carrie Lake over in Arizona, who is just getting destroyed by Reuben Gallego in a state that Donald Trump is gonna end up walking away with. Which, you know, again, moral of the story, gentlemen. Yep. Do not pick bad candidates for higher office. It turns out that when you pick good candidates, you do betters. And when you pick not great candidates, you do worse. Well, speaking of good candidates, were joined by the newly reelected senator, great state Ted Cruz.


Senator, thanks for being with us. It is great to be with you guys. I, I'm bummed that I'm not there and I can't see you, but I feel confident that, that there is good scotch and good cigars that are involved. You know, us so well. Big night you started off this election in a tough race, what I believe became the most expensive senate race in the country this cycle. And, and as recently as eight weeks ago, facing real headwinds. And you've put in an enormous effort in Texas Yeah. And secured a huge victory tonight. Well, I gotta tell you, our our win in Texas was just breathtaking. Right now, about 76% of the votes have been counted. We're up 10 points. Wow. We're up nearly a million votes right now.


And there's still a quarter of the votes to be counted. I mean, it is, it's incredible. And I'll tell you what's really encouraging. Also, we're making massive inroads with Hispanic voters in Texas and South Texas. And I gotta give a shout out to Ben. So Ben came down to the Rio Grande Valley with me, did, did a campaign event there. And, and Michael, this is gonna break your heart, but Ben is a frigging rockstar in South Texas. I mean, it was like Elvis walking in the room. Senator, how much have you And campaign, campaign team was like, how is this Ben Shapiro in the valley? I mean, it was, I mean, they, they were practically like, like, like throwing roses at him. It was awesome. And, and, and what a live audience and, and senator, I mean, you know, it is amazing how you've shifted the, the vote margins in the state of Texas.


The exit polls right now are showing that you're gonna win the Latino vote in the state of Texas outright by six points. Where in your last race Yeah. You lost the Latino vote by something like 28 points. And that is, that is a 34 point shift. If that holds, you're watching a complete political realignment of the map Senator. Yeah. Look, and, and it's encouraging for the country. And I actually have to give a shout out to Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, who, who all they had to do was open up the border invite like narco terrorists into the country. And people are like, you people are frigging nuts. Yeah. And, and I think actually South Texas is a generational realignment. I think we're gonna see, I'm gonna make a prediction in the next year that we see a bunch of elected Democrats in South Texas flip over and become Republicans.


Yeah. And they're already conservative, but, but they've been democrat for a hundred years. And I think this election is really gonna shift the math for Texas. And I hope nationally it's gonna help shift the math in a significant way for Hispanics across the country. So Ted Fox News is now reporting that the Harris campaign has stopped giving all comment to the media, which is always the sign of a winning campaign. So, so I do wonder if, if Kamala is behaving like, like Hillary, if she's drunk as a skunk right now and screaming at her age, I dunno. But, but it does make you speculate, Senator, how important was holding the Senate and, and flipping the Senate in this election? Look massively important.


And I'll tell you, you guys are are fresher on the numbers. I was just listening to you talk about it. I've been on stage until five minutes ago, so I've missed the last hour of developments. I know they've called Ohio and, and right now the numbers in Pennsylvania and Michigan and and Wisconsin. Those are really encouraging. And, and hopefully Montana, I expect they're gonna call that pretty soon. Look, I mean, you're right, we could easily be at 55, which is a sea change. Wow. That's right. And really a big deal. Wow. Senator, do you have any sense, I I assume you've been focused on your own race and this massive win. Do you have any sense on the house right now how Republicans are feeling? I mean it in a way, if we just get the presidency and the Senate, I'll, I'll be happy enough and I'll light the cigar.


But it seems like with this kind of momentum, we might do well in the house too. I I think we've got a good shot at it. I've seen no numbers. So I, I don't that that's not based on, on developments tonight, but my view has always been that, that the White House and the House are positively correlated. And that if Trump is turning out big numbers look to, to, to win the, the house and grow our majorities, we've gotta win some tough seats in New York. Some tough seats in California. And, and based on, on the early results, I, I think we've got a real shot at it. But, you know, look, I, I expect, I, I think the odds are looking very good that come January we have a Republican White House, a Republican house, and a Republican Senate.


Wow. And if that's the case, we need to roll up our sleeves and get to work. 'cause we had a lot of work to do. That's Right. Senator, I know that you didn't make time for much press tonight. We really appreciate you making time for us. You've got a big party to get back to and a lot of hands to shake. But congratulations again. Congratulations. Congrats on us. Here we go. Here we go. Look, IIII Love you guys. You are extraordinary. And, and by the way, con con, congratulations on, on getting your, your movie trailer. What was it on Rachel, Matt out Like, okay, That was pretty wild. We try to have a good time. You Gotta tell me, did anyone stream from that? Did you get any M-S-N-B-C people like logging on saying, I gotta see the movie. They a single one.


A single one least efficient marketing campaign And daily wise, well, I think they all know the answer, which is they think everyone's a racist. Yeah, That's exactly right. So I'm gonna put out a live request to, to everybody in, in production. Well, Senator, I know you're busy. Sorry Senator. Get back to your party. Tell everybody thank you sir. Thanks Ted. So I'm gonna put out a request to our production team. We need to find out when do we get to live stream NBC? When do we get to watch the good stuff? Okay. Okay guys, come on, come on. A friend of mine. Just, you know What we Want. A friend of mine just bought a subscription about 25 minutes ago. He felt it was now in safe enough territory that it was worth the 50 bucks or whatever in order to watch the Prize to watch him at Least on a free trial.


This is like, when can you start playing Christmas music? It seems like the answer may be tonight. MS three tk. Right. We're just gonna sit here. It'll be a shot of us from behind just critiquing Rachel Maddow and Company. Again, the numbers continue to come in, in favor of President Trump. He's currently up by approximately 60,000 votes in Wisconsin. He's currently up by Atlas Counts 170,000 votes in, in Pennsylvania. And he is currently up in Michigan by somewhere on the order of 116,000 votes. Interestingly enough, both Pennsylvania and Michigan may be the two states in the country the most impacted by the massacre on ten seven.


Yes, yes. I Mean, you By the way, one great stat, here's a great stat for you, right. For this. Yes. So the, the Biden administration, because they're incompetent and horrifying at everything. And because Kamala Harris is incompetent and horrifying and everything, they have achieved the signal feat of alienating both Jews and Muslim. Yes. Wow. Wow. That's, That's it looks very much as the Detroit Free press reporter, Niraj Riku reports that Kamala Harris will not win the south end of Dearborn. Whoa. Wow. That's an area that is 90 plus percent Muslim that Biden won with 88% of the vote four years ago. Yeah. And that vote is instead going to the best true of all Jill Stein. Yeah. Wow. So that's A wow. Well, this is actually something That, but you can't be psychotic enough for the psychotic, you stupid asses. Well, this turns is also, no, this is, there's another point here, which is that the, the war is great in theory for a certain group of people, but it's terrible in practice for every single person involved.


Mm. And so in Pennsylvania, you have a large Jewish population who's, who's rightly outraged about what happened. And I suspect that in places like Michigan, you have people who are outraged that, that the people actually dying in the war are their kin and they, what they would like to see is some kind of American leadership. Yeah. That helps. Well, a they could have prevented this, which you had in Donald Trump to his credit, or could bring this to an end, which I think you will also have In Donald Trump. You know, when I was at MSG, I saw sitting 40 feet away from people for 40 feet away from each other, a woman in a hijab, and then just across the way a guy holding up an Israel flag.


Yeah. This is so funny. They're so close to each other. Why are they both here? Did did one of them get tricked or something? And I think No, it is actually Ed. How How close together were they? They Were, they were pretty close. That's Like the width Israel, Roughly. This is, you know, the river to the sea. Yeah. This is tangentially, you know, we've gotta talk about this, this Yo Voya vta, poor Donald Altron situation that's going, I mean, see the sea, this, this Latino vote that has Yes. If this turns out to be the actual result, that in itself, along with perhaps the shift in black men will represent something so significant. And what's crazy to me, and I'm only even now in real time coming to realize this, is really what this represents is that Latinos are assimilating.


Right? I mean, basically what we're saying, and this is true also of the, you know, hijab wearing woman and the Jew and the, at the MSG rally and you know, all of these different people that we've seen, you know, again, we've said this a million times so we don't have to reiterate it, but Trump is imperfect, and yet he represents a certain bullish Americanism that everybody responds to viscerally. And one of the things that has come under question with the influx of indiscriminate illegal immigration is how much racial diversity can that Americanism actually sustain. Yeah. And now if it turns out that Latinos are flocking to Trump, it will turn out that, in fact, Well, speaking of assimilation, Michael Knowles is going to leave this broadcast and go over to Tim Cast, our friend Tim Pool is broadcasting live from DWHQ.


And Michael is no longer going to be a member of this team. He'll Rea assimilate, He'll rea assimilate into I like that transition. That And I will cease to be an Italian and become a Hispanic Think I've Been waiting like in that one, like, in that one movie. Like in that movie Actually, like during the 2016 election, actually that's right. That yo, You get one of those little black hats that you know why, you know why this is Honest to God, it's because Donald Trump, you know, they're always calling him a racist. Hold on, hold on. Look at the, look at this shot. Look at how good this is. Look at, Look at Michael Walk. This is movie making. Wow. Look How beautiful our studio is. Hello Everybody. Do you realize how close these people are to us? I had no idea.


It seemed like they were in a completely different room. Unbelievable. Oh my gosh, this Is big. Last time when we were doing this in 2016, we were in Jeremy's broom closet where there there was mold, there were rats Curring about. Now this is big and it's all because of the Daily Wire Plus members. We really appreciate you. If you haven't joined yet, now's the time to do it. No one's quite popping champagne, but everyone's getting a little excited. And here we are. Is this Oh my man. Don't tempt me. They're my favorite there. You know that church, I, the Churchill is magnificent of the Mayflower cigars. I'm not ready, I'm not ready to light 'em up yet. Come on, man. Are you guys celebrating yet? Oh, hey, what's going on going, brother?


Are we Not counting your chickens too soon? Did someone just put a little pappy in Front of me? Absolutely. Do you have a glass? I could use a glass If you don, where do the glasses go? Where the glasses are? Glasses back there? No, no, no. We have fresh cups. Somebody grabbed the wonderful people with The Daily Wire, brought in a bunch of fresh glasses for this delicious Kentucky bourbon that I insist you partake. Can I, If you in look, I was gonna wait to celebrate, but that was before Tim brought out like a $2,000 bottle. Well, you might as well light up a cigar while you're out. Exactly. I'm tempted to do it. You look great, by the way. You look great. Thank you Know, He looks all right. Yeah. Dapper is the word. We've, okay. This is my Mayflower cigar smoking jacket, which is sold out now.


So no one can, no one can get it, unfortunately. But we're doing it with Shepherds, which is the men's clothing company that is owned in part by Harrison Butcher. And I don't, I just feel that the right, right now it feels good. I don't want to get out in front of my skis. It feels good though. I hear you indeed. No, I'm with Indeed. I Can I get a cigar? You can. Oh my, I'm just, man, this, it's the art of the deal. I was asked earlier, The light, the dark, the big, the small. What's the difference? I'll get one of the light ones. The Light one is the Mayflower Dawn, is it Dawn in America one. Mayflower d Do you expect You don watch this podcast? Because I do and I know the Meat And the Smokey.


Did you wanna advertise it instead of it? But I don't care. Yeah, that's what we're waiting on, on Prager. Something to celebrate. Officially. I'm so ashamed that we let him not only go over there, but take us all on that journey on set of hearing him. It's like, if I didn't know that company, I'd be so upset right now. So yeah, things are continue to go Well. It's a, it's a, it's a good night. It's a, it's a, it's a so far, yep. God willing. It is, it is an excellent, excellent evening. And the Senate races are continuing to look good. The house races right now, house is still up in the air about about 165 Republican House seats that, that are going to be retained about 110 for the Democrats and Democrats, you know, need about 43 in order to take the house.


They've won four so far. Republicans need about 27, they've won two. So it's still very early for a lot of the house races. But as Ted Cruz suggests, if Trump does well, if the Republicans do well in the Senate, there's every indicator that they're gonna outperform. Republicans are outperforming, by the way, including New York. He's gonna win 30% of New York City. Really? Trump? Yeah. He win 30% of New York City Cab. You said you had some interesting info information for us. Yeah, a A few things here. One CNN just did a very dowel report from the Harris headquarters. They said that it was quote, completely Silent at her watch party. We also saw an email from the campaign manager for Harris General O'Malley, Dillon telling the campaign staff to quote, get some sleep and get ready to close out strong tomorrow.


So sounds like they're telling their campaign staff. All right, you can go home, you can sleep. A few other interesting notes. Bitcoin just hit a record all time high. Yes. 74,000 Dow futures have also soared 600 points in the last two hours. So clearly the crypto and actual markets are thriving. Now, one more interesting exit poll that we haven't talked about yet, and this might be the sweetest of them all for voters who said that democracy in the US is threatened. Donald Trump won those voters by 70 points. I told you So. Really unbelievable. That is a in wait. Why did, why, why did you think that was gonna happen? Because They, they asked the question if, if democracy is the most important thing.


And I said, well, that doesn't mean they think that Kamala Harris is the best thing. It's Representative of democracy. I mean, she, it's a stupid question. Come on. Right. She really is a deranged psychopath. There's that like contemptible weirdo. Like this is Sort of, it's also good back. It's also good for Drew to be right about politics once every four years. I have been right. Every show, every day I have the receipts, every daily wire. I've told you exactly what's gonna happen as it has Happen. This is what it like to grow up. Well, by the way, my whole childhood was this drop with a man you're not related to. Yeah, I know. I would just drop over his house strangely for Yeah. My, for 18 years of my life, this complete stranger would come over this periodically and say I was, i.to believe me all the time.


I will say that we haven't talked enough about crypto. I started off the morning saying, if Donald Trump wins, Bitcoin will hit 80 bucks this week. Why? Why, why do you? Because the kind of people who engage in the crypto markets are necessarily renegades. They're necessarily anti-establishment. And, and I think that just like so many aspects of our economy have been artificially suppressed by the horrible threat of more regulation, worse fiduciary policy over time, the crypto markets in particular are so afraid that the left is going to regulate them out of existence. Huh? Just like social media is so afraid that the left is gonna Yeah.


Regulate them out of existence. Just like Elon Musk is so afraid that the left is gonna regulate him out of existence. And so I'm thinking now, I mean, it already hit $75,000 today. It, it could hit a hundred thousand dollars by the end of the year. I will add Donald, I I went to a lot of Trump rallies this cycle. The single loudest moment of any Trump rally that I heard was not a Trump rally. It was Trump speaking at the international Bitcoin Conference here in national. When he promised to protect cryptocurrency, he was going to fire a number of FEC or SEC employees. When he made that promise, it was the loudest applause that I heard of the entire cycle. And one more note I'll add on that trip. We met a former NFL player at that conference who took his entire salary in Bitcoin.


He is now a, you know, mega, almost billionaire. Michael Knowles told him, oh, I, I'm, I'm not invested in Bitcoin. And he pulled out a card and said, Michael, this QR code, I will give you your first Bitcoin. Here's a QR code, just scan that. It'll contact me and, and I'll get you set up. I, I talked to Michael a few days later at the office. I'm like, did you get your first Bitcoin? And he's like, Are you kidding? Oh My gosh. So we gotta ask him about that. We gotta ask him, did he actually find that card and redeem? So as of this, as of this evening, he left $75,000 on the table. That's, and by the end, by Christmas, he could have left a hundred thousand dollars on the table for free If someone at that conference picked up that QR Code. And unbelievable. Listen, while Michael Knowles has terrible judgment and Andrew Klaban's only right?


Every once in a while, our sponsors are right all the time. We're gonna take a moment to tell you about one of them. Right now,


It's often said that freedom isn't free. And of course that's true. Freedom does have to be defended. What isn't said enough is that online freedom isn't free either. It too has to be defended not by military force, of course, by a certain technological force. Encryption, strong encryption can protect your right to privacy online and defend you from hackers. So how do you get this encryption with Express VPN? When I think of hackers, I think of Neo from the Matrix. But it turns out a precocious 12-year-old with a laptop could he just clicks away from getting all of your personal information. Your information is more valuable than you realize. Hackers can make up to a thousand dollars by selling your info on the dark web. That's why you need expressive PN of course, they're going to protect your identity, protect your personal data, keep the bad guys out of your business. Now When I'm traveling, which is frequent these days, I'm in hotels, I'm in airports, I'm in cafes. I will not connect to the internet without express VPN. In a world where it seems like every corporation wants to take away more and more of your privacy, it's nice to find a company that goes the extra mile to protect it. So if you wanna join me in defending your online freedom, get express VPN, you can use my special link to get three extra months of express VPN for free at express vpn.com/election. That's X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/election.


Join us now from Trump hq where I suspect they're not telling their people to go home and get some sleep. It's our very own Mary Margaret Olohan, welcome back to the show. Mary Margaret. Hey guys, it's great to be here with you. How are things going down there? What's the vibe in the room? Well, everyone down here is very excited. We've been talking to a lot of people on the ground. A lot of these Trump supporters, former White House employees, former White House staff, people who hope they may be future White House staff and everyone across the board, except maybe some of the liberal media here, thinks that Trump is going to win. So everyone we're talking to is rejoicing. They're really excited. Multiple people told me they think it's gonna be a big blowout.


It's just very high enthusiasm. And as you can see behind me, they'll show on the screens to box or CNN when they're announcing which state went for which candidate. And whenever a state goes for Trump, there's a huge wild applause. And then there's booing when it goes for Harris. So it's, it's fun. It's exciting to be here. Now where you're standing right now, you're literally surrounded by liberal reporters. How are they holding up? Yeah, so this has been fun. You know, if you look around, we are surrounded. We've got, I mean, directly to my right and left, we've got Newsmax and Fox News, but then of course, a BC is a couple of rows down. And then we've got CNN over here, some glum faces around us.


I can tell you there's some people who were smiling earlier in the evening that no longer are. It's kind of funny to me too, to be here when surrounded by a lot of people that I've seen online for many years. People be very aggressive, very antagonistic about Republicans or Trump and who are now here in real life. And they're talking about the news and it's, it's, it's kind of funny actually to see them in real life. One thing with the Kamala Harris campaign, they've all but said that we will not hear from the vice President tonight. But I suspect that even if we don't get a call tonight, we may still hear from Donald Trump. What do you think? I think we will hear from him whether or not we get a a, a call up on the race.


A lot of people in the crowd are telling me the same thing. You know, Trump loves his supporters, he loves his team, so we think he's gonna show up here whether or not we get results. And as you can see behind me, there's a podium. All his supporters are here and excited. So I hope he comes. I'd love to see what he has to say, even if we don't get results tonight. But I will tell you, a lot of people in here are thinking that we're going to hear the results of the 2024 election tonight. That's, you know, speculation on a lot of their parts, but that's just the vibe in the room that's growing and growing. And I really hope we do too, because it would be fun to have the results and move on with the next future president of the United States and learn how we're gonna make America great and healthy and prosperous once again.


Mayor Margaret, thank you. We'll be checking in later in the night. Of course, Marsha Blackburn, Senator from Tennessee recently reelected, of course won her race and said to our own Michael Knowles that she predicted we would have results by midnight tonight, which is only two hours.


By The way, daily wire's footprint at Trump HQ was made possible by our friends over at PS Debt. Get a plan, become debt free right now at ps dot.com/daily wire.


By the way, my fellow Jews coming through over in New York. Yeah, boy, there it is. They're showing up in Westchester County. They're showing up in Nassau County. Donald Trump is currently winning 33% of New York City. 33% of New York City. Mm. Okay. Not the state, the city. Does that bode well then for Pennsylvania? Yes, because there are a significant number of Jewish Voters. So I, when I campaigned with McCormick, we did a couple, we did one particular event in somebody's backyard with a bunch of Jews there who cared about Israel. They were fired up. There was one lady who was like, listen, I don't know if I can pull the trigger for Trump just because of all his various sexes and all this kind of stuff. And I was like, you don't have a choice. You need to pull the trigger for Trump. And I think that that is coming out loud and clear right now. I tell you the number of friends that I have in Israel who have been texting me all day long, asking me if I thought Trump was gonna win.


And I was like, listen, I'm cautiously optimistic. I think he's gonna win. Like they, they, so there was a poll in Israel of who they wanted to win, of who they wanted to win. And that poll found that by a margin of something like 70 to six, they wanted Donald Trump to win. Wow. I mean they, because they know which administration is likely to allow them to, you know, kill the terrorist and face down Iran. Yeah. And which one is likely to side with the terrorists and stop them from, from killing the terrorists. So listen, the world is going to be a much more peaceful place. Nate Cohen just put out this statement 24 minutes ago. There's still a lot of vote left in Milwaukee to Detroit and Philly. But for Harris to win, who would need to outperform Biden's numbers here in 2020? So far she's underperforming Biden's results just about everywhere in the country. Okay. That is, that, that bode's ill for somewhere, by the way.


I can, I cannot wait for the books to be written. I cannot wait. Joe Biden is going to rush to a biographer. Oh. He and Joe are just gonna shit so hard all over Kamala Harris and everything that has happened. It is going to be wildly entertaining the the amount of rage Joe Biden must feel right now. And the beautiful thing for Joe Biden. And it's, it's wonderful, truly wonderful. It's like the best day of his life right now. Because the truth is that had he run, he probably would've lost to Trump. But he didn't. He got ousted for Kamala Harris. So now he gets to claim for the rest of his life that if he had been left in place, he would've beaten Trump. And they unfairly ousted him after the most successful first term in auto catchment. And then he's gonna get to just crap so hard.


Yeah. Over this lady. He hates like fire. I mean he hates her with a fiery passion of a thousand burning sons. Joe Biden, same thing. She's wanted to strap Kamala Harris to want Elon Musk's rockets and fire her into space for years. It's gonna be like the recriminations here are gonna be so wonderful and so well deserved by all involved. And I'm here for every single moment of it. Every single moment. I mean, I gotta say like, I thought the, I thought this, the writing on this season of Trump was overdone. I really did. I thought this season of Trump had gone off the rails. I thought that, that God in the back room writing that script, he's like, you know what? Not not just one assassination attempt two, we can go back to the, well, we need a second assassination attempt. Like what if the, the Democratic candidate died on the stage?


Like, well that'd be cool, but what if we like totally swapped him out for her. And then what if she picked like this weirdo who has floppy arm syndrome from Minnesota, like this writing is just bad. It's just not good writing. I'm sorry. It's overdone. It's like, it's like some of the worst soap opera stuff I've ever, but I gotta tell you, they really nailed the finale. They're nailing the finale. It's unbelievably good. I'm loving every second of it. I cannot wait for the, for the online extras. I'm subscribing the merch. I'm like merch off the merch. Are you kidding me? The merch is gonna be real. It's gonna be so good of the news. And I gotta tell you, the turning point of this election is when Donald Trump and I stood by the grave of, and there's a picture of me and Donald Trump making prayers where want this?


Yeah. At the grave of Rabbi n Mendel sen. That's the moment when this election was decided. Now of course, pure zionistic laser power. That is when this election turned. Boom, check out the polls October 7th, 2024. I will curse. I will curse those. Right Who curse you? Yeah. There you go. God, coming through once again, I had a going theory that I told some friends before this that do, that God definitely wants Donald Trump to win. I've been saying this for a while, that God clearly wants Donald Trump to win. There's only one reason God turns Trump's head right at the last minute. And the bullet misses him by this much. And then the other part of my theory is that Donald Trump was trying to thwart God. And, and as it turns out, the good part of my theory is that God always wins.


You can try and thwart God. You can say, I am not called, I'm not worthy. And God will still choose you and it. And, and that's how this will go. And so, yeah, you know what? You can see the smile on my face. I'm getting a little confident guys. I went from cautiously optimistic to nauseous, optimistic. And now I'm just, you know, pretty optimistic at this point. I gotta say I'm enjoying the evening, the enjoyment portion of this evening has officially begun. It's now a Jewish holiday. That's right. It went from tragedy to triumph. That's right. It's time to break out some symbolic rituals. It's time to, it is time to eat some kosher food. It is time to imbibe and it's time to speak some Yiddish. Yeah, baby. Suck on that. Nick Fuentes The Hebrew hammer.


Yeah, that's Right. You know you're terrifying when you're happy. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh man. It's amazing to think that Donald Trump could win without the Nick Fuentes vote. Yeah Man, The map is just looking better and better it Look at, okay, so if, if it goes the way we think it's going, those first 100 crucial days, the agenda tariffs, Don't give a shit man. Don't care at all. Do not care. Sorry, still basking gonna take a little while.


Gonna need, gonna need a moment with this one. The first, so the first a hundred days. Yeah. So the, so the first a hundred days, here's what's actually going to happen. So what's actually going to happen is the people who are, are deeply involved in staffing other than, you know, sort of Don Jr. You got Howard Lutnick who's deeply involved in staffing up the administration. I think that the early sort of front runners for some of these positions, Tom Cotton for sec def, I think Mike Pompeo might be considered for sex state again, if, if not Pompeo, you might take a look at Marco Rubio, Senator from Florida. You're, you're looking at the, for Secretary of the Treasury that that one's kind of hard there, there I obviously Musk goes in, he he's gonna perform some government function. Maybe Mu Musk doesn't wanna be in the government.


No, no. Not in the government, but like his special advisor. Yeah. There, there's, there's some, there's some of the investment class that I think you'll see likely nominated for for the, you know, some, some Trump's New York investment friends for Secretary of the Treasury, kinda like Mnuchin when in his Secretary of of the Treasury. The thing is, Trump has a team that already worked and so I think a lot of those people end up coming back. I, I think David Friedman for you, un ambassador, possibly Morgan Ortega for you un ambassador, like there, there are a bunch of people who are really good who are gonna come in and you know, they're gonna start cleaning it up and it'll be interesting now with a very robust Senate majority is what this is looking like at, at the very least a robust Senate majority. Yeah. I think he's gonna get most of his picks through. So it depends on sort of which, which place you choose to focus.


When it comes to domestic policy, the first thing they're gonna do is they're gonna make the Trump tax cuts permanent. That is, that is task number one. They're gonna make those permanent so that, that those just don't sunset. Right. Because he has to guarantee that he doesn't screw up the economy. The the next thing that you're gonna do, he's gonna slap a bunch of tariffs on China, which he's gonna do. I I think forthwith and I think he should do because China is a cheater and China is an intellectual property thief and they happen to be run by an evil dictatorship. So that will be, that'll be very good. Remain in Mexico, Remain Yes. Obviously on the border. Roman in Mexico immediately goes back into place. Reinterpretation of asylum law goes immediately right back into place. Prioritization of deportation, of criminally legal aliens goes back into place with, with widespread deportations of those people. And, and massive new investigative authority for, for ice on, on foreign policy.


I think Israel's gonna hit Iran's nuclear facilities between the election and Trump taking office because I think that, that Trump doesn't want that on the table when he gets into office. And with the Israelis knowing that they're gonna have a friend back in the White House as opposed to an enemy, they probably go hard and they go fast and they go now because they probably, Trump is telling, I mean Trump said it openly. He said, I don't want this happening while I'm president. They're like, okay, sure, no problem man. We'll take care of business right now. 'cause we know that you're not there to cut us off at the knees. So I would be shocked if Israel doesn't go quite hard over the course of the next couple months. One of the under noted stories of the day, because you know, we have a thing going on, is that Prime Minister Netanyahu fired his, his minister of defense in Israel, y have Gallant who is widely considered on the right in Israel to be sort of a pipeline to the har to the Biden Harris administration. And so he's putting in some more of his own people, which means he's likely to go quite hard, quite fast.


That is going to bring peace to the Middle East and Donald Trump is going to bring Saudi into the Abraham Accords. Undoubtedly, that is a thing that Donald Trump has already pre-negotiated that is going to happen. That that's why he wants Solidity in the Middle East. He wants, he wants Israel to finish up whatever they're doing security wise. He wants them to finish up in Lebanon, he wants them to finish up in the Gaza Strip and then Donald Trump is going to work. He's going to, he has all those connects already made. That that's all gonna come into, into play. As far as Ukraine, Trump and Vance have already said, contrary to popular opinion, both Trump and Vance have said they will continue to fund Ukraine sufficient. So that Don, so that Vladimir Putin does not walk into Kyiv, but they're also going to be realistic about what the prospect for, what the final settlement in, in Ukraine looks like, which is the solidification of the borders of Don Bass and Ukraine.


Some sort of commitment to neutrality, but with some sort of additional funding of military resources sufficient to deter of further Russian invasion things are about to get. How long Do you think that'll take On, on the Ukraine, Russia front? I mean that, that's up to Putin. Yeah, that's up to Putin. I think Putin, this is one of the dangers is that if you keep signaling that you're a little weak on it, then Putin probably keeps trying to push and push and push hoping that you'll just go away and then he'll walk into Kiev. But here's the thing about Trump. The one thing Donald Trump does not like to do is lose. He hates losing. And he knows that if Putin is seen walking through Kyiv, he looks like a loser. So he doesn't want that, he doesn't want the photos of Vladimir Putin walking through Kyiv in the same way that he wouldn't have wanted the photos of the Taliban walking through Bagram airbase. Right. So the, so he's realistic about all of that.


So the, those I think are the things that are probably front burner items for President Trump. And then there are gonna be some fixes around around Obamacare that that will take place. He's not gonna do anything on abortion and I mean, he'll, he'll, he'll put in place, you know, all the right, all the executive orders that Republicans always do, right? No foreign funding of, of foreign funding, of foreign abortions. The, the so-called Mexico rule, he'll put that back into place. But you know the, I think all of those are not only doable, I think they're eminently doable and I think he gets all that done inside the first a hundred days. Yeah, I think you're right. We're gonna take a break while we wait for the next results to come in and tell you a little bit about what's been going on at Daily Wire Plus Since I joined forces with The Daily Wire. Plus we've built a comprehensive collection of premium content, get the entire collection of mastering life, strengthen your relationship with my series Marriage in a series on masculinity.


Stop your purpose, envision and Destiny, develop a vision for your own life. You need to do that by new series Negotiation offers practical steps to help you close a deal where both sides walk away with a win. We're also offering a three part series on success. How to strengthen your family and to strengthen your relationships and to aim up. People are struggling with depression and anxiety. We walk through all of that. How do you cope with it? What's the best pathway forward? In addition, we've explored biblical writings and their cultural influence. Our new 10 part series on the gospels delineates the accounts of the New Testament writings. And finally join me on a journey through Time Foundations of the West. The work doing with The Daily Wire brings the spirit of adventure forward.


Join us on Daily Wire Plus today. Well folks, we're now joined here at Daily Wire HQ by Brent Buchanan on signal polling. Welcome back to the show Brent. So hello us. How are things going in this great state of Wisconsin? Well here's, here's a story for you. You're eating Jelly Bellies, right? I Am Ronald Reagan's favorite. Indeed. Okay. Do you know if you go to the factory in California, they sell something called belly flops and it's the Jelly bellies that didn't make it into the bag. I'm not only aware of that, I've done that myself. Well because I know all things except for what's going on in Wisconsin. So tell me, Brent, what's going on in Wisconsin? Well this is the segue. Kamala Harris is belly flopping like that.


Nice, Nice rubbing it a plus grade a good stuff. Keep going. Tell me more. Alright, so as we look at Wisconsin, one thing you'll note real red, let's look at two particular counties that matter to Kamala Harris significantly. And that is Dane, which is Madison the Capitol. And when you look at this historical comparison here, just look at the raw vote differences between these. Kamala Harris is 8,000 under her 2020 numbers. Trump is up 2000 on his 2020 numbers she really needed to perform here. And she's down two points on her margin that she had in 2020. And then we'll go down to Rock County here.


This is another one that she really needed to perform well in. What's unique about Rock County is it is, let's flip to this, 10% Hispanic. So this is one of the most diverse counties in, in one of the whitest states in the entire country. And this was a Biden plus 11 seat and it is now only Kamala plus seven. So you just take these factors that we've been talking about, which is the counties she needs are only performing at 2020 numbers. And then you add that into the fact that if, if they're only performing at 2020 numbers, she's not even meeting Biden's margin in these two. And this was one of the closest states in 2020. It was less than 1% that Biden won this State buy.


So what's what's really happening? 'cause we're plugging all this data into several of our models and it's this is that there's not just this overall white change in the vote. What's really interesting is that if a county is really diverse, the white turnout in that county did not change from 2020. So think if this is like a U and then if you have super, super white counties where almost nobody but white people live there, they didn't move much from their 2020. It was these counties that were about 75 to 85% white that had the largest shift towards Trump. And if you go back and look, historically, they had the largest shifts in 2020 towards Biden.


And so it's not this homogenous, all non-whites are moving more towards Trump, all whites are staying where they are. It's this unique patchwork that's occurring in turnout depending on what type of diversity there is within your county. But it's all benefiting Donald Trump. Wow. And white, black, brown, everything in between counties right now. So Brent, technically, when you read all the data in, on a scale of one to 10, how much does Kamala Harris suck as a candidate? And would they have been better off keeping the corpse of Joe Biden in place to actually run because the recriminations here are going to be so delicious, I will feast off of them for years to come. Well, I prefer scales that also have negatives, so let's go like A negative On that negative 10 to 10 scale.


But yeah, and, and one of the things that we pointed out when they decided to take their democratically elected nominee and swap it out with somebody who did not get a single vote, we said that this is really going to hurt her with union voters. And you saw this in the teamster vote where Joe Biden had a slight lead on Trump in April among Teamster members, and then he overwhelmingly was defeating Harris. And that that one data point shows you the weakness that she was having. And these Rust Belt states here from Wisconsin to Michigan, even all the way over to Pennsylvania, very, very heavy union households. And so even if the Democratic Union voters stay home or they swap their vote, it causes massive disruption in the electoral margins between these candidates.


As we're seeing right here play out before us. Brent, Right now Pennsylvania and Wisconsin are, have more than 80% of the vote in, and Donald Trump in both states has above 50% of the vote. I mean, in the case of Wisconsin right now, Wisconsin, according to Decision Desk, 84% of the vote in Donald Trump, 56 to Kamala Harris's 42. And that's with RFK Junior still being on the ballot. I mean at, we're getting dangerously close to actually being able to call Wisconsin. And if we call Wisconsin, we are essentially calling the race. Yes. Yeah. We also have to assume that a lot of the results that are gonna come in are from cities not favorable to Donald Trump.


This is just what historically happens. I I really hope this is blowout territory so that there's not issues related to, well what votes were they trying to go find and, and shove into the count. This is one of the reasons you should be like Florida and report the vote within two hours. And then there's no question as to how the election played out, but it's getting, it's getting really, really hard to see where Kamala Harris can pull out any of these three rust belt states at this point. Wow. Well I also have a piece of breaking news that Republicans have flipped. Wait for it. Wait for it. Wait for it. The Governor's mansion in Wait for it. Puerto Rico. Yeah, I Saw that. We actually won that. Yeah. So, so yeah, this is great.


So Brett, thank you so much. This has been wildly enjoyable and next time we check in, I hope it will be just as enjoyable or even more so I'll eating a different candy. So try to think up a joke about those candies and how we will connect, for example, M and MSS to these situation in Pennsylvania.


All right. Time to hit the Google. All right, This, this visit to our election HQ has been brought to you by friends over at Lumen. Go check out Lumen right now. It is a great device and I will need it a lot after eating this entire bowl of, of Jelly bellies in celebration


One, one hates to get cocky because we have seen stranger things happen. But this is, I mean, this is looking more and more like Donald Trump's going to be the 47th president of the United States. Well, So let's, let's get pessimistic for a moment just outta curiosity. I mean, her, her number of confirmed victories is increasing. Yes. Trump's still nicely ahead. If you had to be pessimistic and things, how could things still go dreadfully wrong? Or is that off the, out of the realm of possibility? The Way wrong is if she suddenly like massive boat dumps in Philly, Detroit and Madison, Wisconsin. Philly, Detroit, Milwaukee. It's the big cities. And I said this early on, Ashley, so I'm all credit to me 'cause I said it early on in the night, but I said in North Carolina that if she did not win North Carolina, it was o the entire election was gonna come down to giant voter turnout in three big cities.


Yeah, I did say that like within the first 20 minutes of this broadcast. I'm just gonna point that out. I was gonna point out so far, the only thing I've gotten wrong is New Hampshire. Just gonna say it. You went All in on New Hampshire Though. You went all in. I do, I do have to say that Arizona is very close with 55% of the vote in which that's still early, but it's essentially a toss up 49 49 for the two candidates. So if you're going to get pessimistic, could we end up losing Arizona and sort of unraveling our mouth A little bit? Nope. Not, not gonna happen. We're gonna win Arizona. Arizona is, is solidly in red territory according to the New York Times. Arizona is a high likelihood, a very, very high likelihood of a, of a Donald Trump win at this point.


Again, it would be kind of shocking. We're we're he to lose, they, they have him up by a projected almost 4%. It's at least safe to say we're gonna have a winner. I mean, this probably will not drag on for days. No, I I think that, I think that there's a very good shot that we will have a winner in the next two hours. I mean, if, if, if it continues at this rate, I think there's gonna be a temptation by some networks to start calling some of those Rust Belt states. If people wanna be super cautious, you're probably talking about late morning, tomorrow morning or early afternoon. But, you know, by, by tomorrow night, president Trump, I, I think will be pretty obvious if they, If they call one of these rust belt states, it's over. They've called the election. Yes. Because Arizona's definitely gonna go in Trump's category. He, North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and one of the Bel So now the Democrats are gonna have to complain that the problem is, is the popular Vote.


And there are, But, but you gotta get rid of the, I thought you Ballot the problem is the people. Yeah. I mean, we're gonna go back to that point, but that is what it's gonna be. Get ready for it. They are going to rage against the dying of the light and it's gonna be worse for them. They're gonna have to go deep into the CVAs of fail before they start to emerge, like in something like reasonable order. So What do you, what do you expect will, will happen Now, let's assume the best for a moment, so to speak, that the Republicans control the presidency and the Senate and the House. And so, and that means you have these really quite radical people, Musk and Kennedy in particular now taking up dominant positions in the White House.


They're threatening the big pharma industry. So that's a major threat. They're threat threatening big agriculture, legacy media is like Stone Dead. The education establishment is in serious trouble. The military industrial complex is unlikely to be happy. Like, what do you guys foresee happening? That's, that's a lot. Well, and that says nothing about the ZIA and the FBI, let's say like, it, it, it doesn't seem to be, to be realistic to presume that such people are going to just take this sort of thing lying down. No. And that says nothing about the leftist radicals who are still, are quite nicely organized after all the pro Hamas protest. So you, what do you see happening here? I Mean there, there'll be resistance inside each of these agencies.


It's why, you know, the, the attempt to move a lot of these employees to so-called Schedule F is gonna make a huge difference. This is something that the Trump administration is gonna try and do. They're gonna take the permanent political class and they're gonna say they're now fireable under the, under the, you know, articles of the Constitution. The president does have unitary executive authority to fire all of these people. Schedule F meaning what? What happens? Schedule F. So, so right now by union contract and by regulation, if you are considered a nonpolitical appointee in the executive branch, there's a procedure that you have to go through in order to be ousted from your job. If you're re-designated as a Schedule F employee, that means you're effectively an at will employee of the executive branch and the president of the United States can summarily fire you. Hmm. And so that's gonna go forward pretty quickly.


You know, again, I think that there are certain areas, it'll be interesting to see what RFK junior's actually given. So I think RFK junior ends up in charge of like ag and HHS and FDA. No, I think that he probably ends up as like Department of Agriculture guy like Secretary of Ag. Maybe you put him in charge of F FDA A but I I think that, you know, again, it hs not I'd give him hhs I think. Yeah, I mean it it, well the only problem with HH s is that's really more about the application of Obamacare and Medicaid than it is about like the health things that he cares about. He cares more about FDA kind of stuff like vaccines or, or like food and water, right? Like that's, that that's more FDA type stuff. Maybe EPA, you know. But I, I think that EPA would be a problem for him because Trump Is, we're gonna keep Rachel Levine in place is my question.


Yeah. Doctor Admiral only admit admiral Doctor only. And Donald Trump will bring him on the carpet and force him to admit he's a man and then say then he could stay. And it can stay for those that Of you who haven't noticed. Yeah, Exactly. So, you know, it'll be interesting to see also. 'cause here's the thing, Congress is still a body in the government. The president doesn't just get to make all the rules and neither does anybody in the, the executive branch agencies. So if RFK decides to get like super radical about things in a way that Congress doesn't, like Congress can take power back from the executive branch, or these things can get challenged in court. I think the biggest hold up to Trump in terms of, hi, whatever his agenda is, is going to be the courts right there, there, there, there will be a lot of legal cases that are filed against all of this and then it'll get held up and the Supreme Court is not gonna take all those cases.


A lot of this stuff is gonna get held up. It's, listen, it's very hard to do radical change inside the United States government. And I think that that's overall a very, very good thing. It doesn mean that there are a lot of barriers to entry in terms of the stuff that, that, that Trump is going to try to get done. Like when they say that that Elon Musk is gonna come in and cut 2 trillion and spend No, he is not. I mean that, that, that's not, that's actually not possible. It's, It's not possible to cut 2 trillion. This is also why if, if, if we have Congress and the presidency, you, you have to ruthlessly move your agenda forward and start stacking wins and stack them quickly. Because we know that, you know, that's the situation Trump had in 2016, the first two years. And you know, the fact is not, not a lot was achieved with all that power for two years. And I Hypothetically knows more about what he's doing this time.


You would help be prepared to, to hit the Ground running. And also, and also any, any like traditionally concern Republicans have always worried that well, if we advance our agenda too quickly and too ruthlessly, then the other side will be mad. Yeah. And then when, when they're in power, think of all the terrible things they'll do. But This is actually what Project 2025 was about, was heritage attempting to lay out a roadmap for how to effectuate policy rapidly in the first 100 days. Yeah. Right. And Donald Trump, as a matter of political expediency, distance himself completely, That that's why Trump, as soon as he wins, he needs to say, nevermind, I am doing Project 12. And by the way, in 2022, I've made a tremendous mistake in not issuing some kind of small Bible of what it said because it was so long that the, the Dems can say anything they wanted about it.


Nobody knew it, it Was repealing the infield fly rule. But, but I will give you a little insider. I mean, I think I might be the first one to break this story. When Trump shot down project 2025. Yeah, that was fair enough. Is our real radical agenda project 2026. That one, it makes 2025 look like child's Play, by the way. I mean, it is worth noting here one page, it's one day that undoubtedly Clarence Thomas will end up retiring from the bench Yes. Under President Trump in this next term. And that is because he's 76 years old. There's a good shot that Samuel Alito, who is 74, will also end up retiring from the bench and new justices will be appointed in their place, which will enshrine in fact a conservative majority on the court for years to come. Wow. Because, you know, that, that was a scary thing.


I mean, Clarence Thomas is the best justice on the Supreme Court. He's still obviously very much with it in mind. He's also 76 years old and he's not gonna play the Ruth Bader Ginsburg game where you end up, god forbid, going under a Democrat and then suddenly let's Not Sam Alito though. I mean I I I'm kind of actually partial to Sam's Great Alito both. Justice Alito is fantastic. I mean, again, so both Those guys though are a little bit Long than the long than the, by the, by the time, by the time that Donald Trump leaves office Yeah. In this next term, Samuel lid will be 78 years old. Yeah. Right. That you're starting to get into the territory where you really want to think at 77 about whether you want to be the person who ends up, you know, moving into a democratic administration. I think one of the things that's worth noting here is that, you know, we, we can be the, the number one thing that Donald Trump is going to do is be not Kamari.


Right. He's going to stop dead. That agenda from moving forward and not doing the thing is like 80% of, of what he needs to do. It's, it's very hard to think of, you know, massive le like the things I would wanna do. Right. Like restructuring the federal entitlement programs that are, that are clearly gonna bankrupt the country. It ain't going nowhere and it's not gonna happen. Yeah. Right. Like, we're just gonna, we're just gonna fly right off that cliff. It's, it's gonna hundred, It's gonna, as you say, it's gonna happen when, 'cause that's Happened. Right. Exactly. I mean, reality will hit and will fall off the cliff and then austerity measures or inflation or, or high taxation will happen. I mean, all those things will happen. But the one thing that Trump really can do, the biggest thing he can do is radical deregulation. The radical deregulation will happen, which he started to do already. Yeah. He, he, right now he's gonna go to, he had a ratio of two to one.


Right. For every new regulation passed you'd repeal to now he says it's gonna go four to one. Right. For every regulation that is created, four will be repealed. Right. All of these are, are really good and really important things as far as what happens in Congress. The answer is that, you know, the, the government is a giant tractor and it just keeps on moving forward almost no matter what. So if you're hoping for Donald Trump to come in and lower the federal debt by leaps and bounds, that that's really not no's Never said he is gonna do That. Correct. That's not, that's not the thing you should hope for. What the, the real theory of Donald Trump, and this is where he actually is like, like w unfortunately, actually is this area, is that he believes you can outgrow the debt. Right. That, that, that if you, if you have enough economic dynamism, eventually you'll generate enough revenue that you can pay off all of that sort of stuff.


So again, that's, that's the stuff that, that's sort of on the table. Again, I'm just giving you the latest vote total. So right now, Donald Trump continues to be up by about a hundred thousand votes with 77% of the vote recorded in the state of Wisconsin. Meanwhile, in the state of Pennsylvania, very, very narrow lead in the state of Pennsylvania. President Trump is up by approximately, well actually not that narrow three, my math is bad. He's up by about 170,000 votes in the state of Pennsylvania with 85% of the vote counted. The New York Times is estimating that he will win the state by somewhere in the neighborhood of 2.1% Wisconsin by 1.8% over in Michigan. 48% of the vote counted. President Trump's lead continues to grow there. He's up by about 130,000 votes. They're estimating that he'll win that state by 2.2%.


So those are, those are the latest results over there. Is, is Nevada closed yet? I I'm not sure that Nevada's closed yet. I think Nevada's still open so that that, or if it, if it, if it's, it can't still be open, it's gotta be closed. Right. But it, it closed not all that long ago. So I don't think that they're actually doing like the full count yet. New York Times doesn't have a count on Nevada at this point. The Poll, the polls closed at 10 Eastern, so Yes, They are closed. Yeah. They, they closed, but they're not gonna be any results in Nevada for a little while yet. But it appears that it, it may not matter at all. Arizona Trump's estimate 3.7% up when all of a said done, 53% of the vote count is in, it's pretty much dead even. But the, the areas that have come in are areas Tucson, Phoenix. Right. All, all the big sort of democrat areas have already come in for, for Kamala Harris.


So again, a very, very, a shockingly good evening for President Trump, Spencer Lindquist is, is reporting already that people are leaving the Kamala Harris watch party. Wow. Wow. Unbelievable. Oh, they're walking out just like Jill did as soon as she realized that, that Joe was no longer president of the United States. Republicans are approximately, according to Ryan Grotowski, former of CN I'm just gonna keep saying that because it's hilarious. And they are 1.5 percentage points away from flipping the New York ninth Congressional District, which is a 62 36 Joe Biden district. Wow. Which is really, really funny. Wow. New York nine. Where is that? New Jersey? Nine. New Jersey. Nine. New Jersey nine. Okay. Yeah. So these are, wow.


These are, these are truly hilarious results. How, How good is Joe Biden feeling right now? That's what I'm saying. Like's That's where I want the camera. That's where I want the camera he's Having, it's a, it's a mixed evening you can imagine. I don't think it's mixed for him. I think he's Feeling think, God, you think it's just, you think it's just positive. Oh yeah. If you got knifed in the back by someone that you brought up, you know, and Yeah. And they pushed you to the side, you're Still that knife wound. Yeah. And you're still out. Yeah. No, but no, but I get your point. He's gotta feel a little relieved because it could be him getting his ass kicked right now on national tv. And that's a really bad way to go. The better way to go is to be knifed in the back and then claim that you were wrong the rest of your life. Which is Yeah. Like that's a really great way to go right now. And then you can say for the rest of your life that, see, this is why you shouldn't have done that.


He Could say for the next like eight days he good luck to Joe. 'cause this is the first time Joe Biden's prostate's working in the last 25 years. You know, I mean, like, he he's gotta be really, really, wow. You know, he, he's, I I didn't need that. It's getting late at night, man. You know, we've been here for 9,000 hours. I I'm looking, I'm Looking just, you know, Chen Weger is crying sad. I'm Checking, I'm checking out the networks. David Newell looks sad. He looks very sad. Chen weer is basically especially tears. Now's the other thing, by the way, I got a note that orange Hitler over here got a lot of, a awful lot of not white people to vote for him. Sure. This orange Hitler fellow. Yeah, this orange hit Fellow. The whole, the whole intersectional thing really collapsed in a, in a, in a pile of, of dust and rubbles.


I mean that, that dude had like five Hitler mustaches, not just one, like all over his face, just Hitler mustaches everywhere. And, and we were told that he was, you know, he, he, What are the poor Hollywood stars gonna do? I know They're pretty much, they're, they're gonna move to Canada. They're gonna move. That's right. Oh yeah. Move to Canada, then they can find out what the go to Canada people where your money's worth half as much. And we can't put it past these people. 'cause we're talking about how they're gonna react. They, they are gonna say that Trump is an illegitimate president. You Think so? No, they can't anymore. They can't. They, they're gonna say the American people are illegitimate. And that's what I'm looking forward to. Because now the battle's out in the open. Seriously, I'm looking forward to this. That's the battle that's be next.


They'll accept, they'll, they'll be able to accept that he just won without Russia. You know, something. Yes. Yes. Because yes, because they're Running out as scapegoat. Correct. Of course they are. There's only one scapegoat left. And it's the scapegoat that Joe Biden said out loud. And that is the American people are trash. Yeah. Yeah. That is the, that is, that's gonna be the angle. Yeah. Look, the Democrats, that's what we're doing in Canada. They haven't, they have not accepted a presidential election. They lost this century. So Yeah, but they, but here, but I, but who, I mean, you tell me, who do you think that they blame? I mean, they can blame podcast. They blame me and Rogan and you and like everybody Else. Well, They already, they tried That New York Times, but, but, You know, the but the but the press is not gonna back them on this. There's gonna be a change. I mean, I I really do believe this, the press, in order to sell like the Russian collusion story, you needed the press all on board.


The press looks like they look like fools. Well they're also dead. Like the Rogan interview with, with Trump. And it was more Oh yeah. That, that was the end of the legacy media. Yeah. As far as I'm, I mean, you know, they were already on the out, but what, what, what's, what, what is left of them? Yeah. They were lost all their credibility. They have no audience. Right. And, and it's highly likely, I think that, that what Musk predicted will occur, which is that the broadcast networks will lose their license to broadcast and they'll be relegated to the cable networks because, and they should. They deserve it. Yes. They, there's absolutely no reason why they should occupy that space. Course. I can tell you what the move is though. It's it, 'cause you're right, they've lost their audience and so what's their move? Their move is to kill us, which they already telegraphed the New York Times.


The Washington Post had that piece with, with your face on it, Ben. And then the, the New York Times hit all of us, the New York Times. This popped up in my Google article. I Actually was not in that article. You Were I was neither. This sent a letter and I was weirdly in it. I was the centerpiece of their Yeah. Of their header. But they didn't mention, you never Mentioned, because I said, what did the headline was in the podcast election falsehoods fly misinformation flies in YouTube let's it happen. So it was a picture of me right there in the middle. I said, what did they get me on? I think I've been very precise about what I've said. Like I looked, they didn't mention me, but they want to take down the Daily wire. Clearly they want to take down the other podcasters that's Not working out so good. It's not gonna happen then. Well, it's Not gonna happen, at least with, with Trump in charge, if the Republicans have the Senate, you know, it's not gonna happen for them anytime soon.


But I think that is their play. Okay. We're gonna, we're starting to lose. Well, we gotta clamp down on the guys. I know, I know you, I know you're a big fan of the Inquisition, but it actually didn't stop the reformation from happening. And that's, that's that's what they're doing. That's, that's the same game plan. That's why we had to kick it into overdrive after that. You guys started that recognition. I think, I think that's all over. I can't see that, You Know, under, under Trump. It's a very, very hard road for them to hoe. So this is why I think they are going to just be stuck with, Trump is toxic. The American people are toxic. It's, it's mostly males. But like, I, I don't, I I, men are toxic. Men are toxic. It's not Gonna be American people. It's gonna be men, A group men, it's gonna, it's white men, it's gonna be men. But again, I think that too many wo white women went by a majority for Trump.


So, you know, I just don't, I don't see how this works out for them. I think they're gonna have to be, honestly, it's gonna have to be, that circumstance turns against Trump to take Advantage of It. Maybe that's the only way they get Well, maybe they sort themselves out. I mean, yeah, that's, we have seen some, I thinks, I think that's A possibility towards Center. No, but, but here, so this is my, but here's my problem. I don't know what that looks like. Oh, I can, okay. They, the, the, okay. Because they can't, as long as Trump doesn't touch the entitlements, there's no place for them to outcompete him. Yeah. Okay. If they say that we just wanna spend more money on, on shit, they've been saying that this whole election cycle, it doesn't make a dent on, on social policy. They went so far to the left that even if they come back to quote unquote moderate left, nobody trusts them in.