
Your movie is really funny. It's really funny by myself laughing out loud hysterically today. It is one of the most important contributions to cinema in American history. Your goal is to conduct an investigation into something key to the culture war. There are so many great moments in there. Were these people real that are in this Movie. It's a great film. I highly recommend everybody go see this movie. Mazel to is, yeah, thanks Ben's. People would say Am, I, Racist rated PG 13, IN, THEATERS, NOW, Well folks. Kamala Harris is pouring money into this race. She is brat and she is Joy, and she is campaigned with Oprah, Oprah Winfrey, and she's got and he blowed of problems. I'll explain in a moment. First, Am I Racist is the number one new comedy in America is now playing only in theaters. Get tickets in showtimes for your local theaters right now at Am I Racist dot com.


So Kamala Harris, she's out there campaigning. She's brat. She's, she's got all the energy, she's got all the joy and she's got a bunch of problems. So she's been going around campaigning. She's a word salad queen, as we all know. She's been campaigning with Oprah Winfrey, but she's got a major, major problem. Remember, one of the pieces of math that Joe Biden had suggested as to why he would not drop out is he was afraid that whatever Kamala Harris picked up in terms of minority support, she would drop among blue collar white workers. And that's true, that's true. Because she's terrible at this. Truly terrible at this. I wanna begin today by pointing out an ad that Kamala Harris' Super pacs have put out. She is lagging among men, particularly white men, really, really lagging.


You know why? She doesn't know how to talk to them in the same way that people in the media say that Trump par Trump vans, they don't know how to talk to ladies or whatever, okay? But the, the Harris campaign has no idea how to talk to men at all. Like no clue. They put out literally the, one of their super pacs put out the single worst political ad I have ever seen in my entire life today. It is the worst ad I have ever seen in my entire life because no one who wrote this ad has ever met a man. Hey, white dudes. So I think we're all pretty sick of hearing how much we suck every time you go online. It's the same story. We are the problem. Just terrible, you know? Yeah. Some white dudes are Trump and all his mad Pause right there, buddies.


I'm sorry. That's amazing that, that, that's amazing. Pause it right there. No dude has ever said this to another dude. No dude ever. When it's not scripted by a woman, no dude's ever. Hey dudes, you know that a bunch of ladies out there, they say, we the problem. And you know what? They're right. Some of us are totally the problem that what? That's not, that's not even how you do an ad. And you'd think that where they're going in the ad is they keep saying, we're the problem, but we're not the problem. We're the makers. We're the people who are going down doing the dangerous jobs. And those are the people the Democrats support with the right. Like, that's where you think it's going. That's not where it's going because they can't talk to dudes. 'cause ain't a dude writing in this ad. It's some woke 22-year-old female intern at an ad agency for white dudes for Harris writing this ad.


Hey dudes, you know, they say we're the problem. And you know what? The right we are the problem. It's 'cause of our balls. Here we go. It works. Shouting nonsense in their stupid red hats and acting like they speak for us when they don't. All they've ever done is screw us over. But if you're not on the MAGA train, where do you go? Isn't it just swapping out one crappy option for another? Then it hit me. This isn't about picking teams, it's about who's got a plan that's gonna make life better from me and my family. So I've been doing my own research. Okay, Pause that. I love that. I love this. So first of all, I love the, the, also the stereotype that they will never, ever say out loud that is embedded in this ad is that unlike females, men will do their own research and think about policy, right?


That's the actual thing that they're doing in this ad. Like, I'm a man and you know what, what am I gonna do? Just switch one crappy option for another. No, I went down the rabbit hole. I started looking Excel spreadsheets like a man would. I started looking at the actual policy specifics of Kamala Harris and a team like, oh my God, these people, like these people you thought they were going to appeal to men. Wrong. You are. They're basically saying that if you're a man, the only way they can appeal to you is by desperately hoping that you ignore Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris' picture. And this ad appears one time Check out Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, and before you jump down my throat, they're actually talking to guys like Gu no Lectures.


I guess they should appears like two Just real solutions. They To protect, they're talking to guys like Us and help us take care of the people who matter. And honestly, I think Harrison Walls are the ones to make that happen. End of the day, you're your own man. It's your call. If anyone gives you crap about it, tell 'em it's none of their damn business. Oh my God. And they're using that. The Tim Walls, the Tim Walls line at the end. It's none of their damn business. I I love that. That's, that, that is one of the great ads I paid for by Beige Rainbow Pack. Wow. But yeah, the beige rainbow pack where all the men go to beige rainbow, which sounds like the world's whitest gay bar.


Beige rainbow. Seriously? Wow. Just slow. These people understand men at a root gut level, they really understand men. You can do your own research, but I'm telling you before you come at me and shove it down my throat, I'm voting for that. Also, I do love the assumption, the, the core assumption of the ad is men hate her. That is the core assumption of the ad, right? It's like, you know, if we can't vote for that douche bag Trump, you said then well, I vote for Kamala. Listen, before you sock me directly in the nuts, let me tell you these, she's gonna lose men by a thousand points. There're men not yet born, who will, who will vote against Kamala Harris?


White dudes for Harris, white dudes for Harris. Both they and Hezbollah are missing their today.


Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel. And its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction. But there's hope. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to BEN for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org to make a gift today. In the face of these many threats, the fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's been for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, BEN for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


So Kamala Harris is out there because she can't reach out to men because she's dragging with men and she really is because of that. She is out there trying to reach out and touch people with, with Oprah, which means she's out on the campaign trail. Just, just vomiting. 360 head spinning Linda Blair in the exorcist style word vomit. Just word vomit everywhere. The narcissism on the democratic side of the gal is insane. Kamala Harris, who is, she was literally put in place by an upper level coterie of the Democrats without ever having won a single primary vote. And is the emptiest candidate in American history totally empty it? It would be an, it would be an understatement to call her an empty vessel that, because there's still a vessel when there's an empty vessel.


There's not even a vessel with Kamala Harris. She's just a vacuum. She's a black hole of suck. Kamala Harris. So yesterday she was out on the campaign trail with Oprah, and you wanna talk about vacuous and an insane level is almost like the matter and anti-matter of vaness hitting, hitting one another. I'm shocked that the universe did not actually implode based on this. So Kamala Harris offered this word salad when asked about America. And this is, this is what, when you elevate narcissists to the top of the American public heap, this is, this is what you get. Sex scandals and crazy and word salads and emptiness. This is our fault. Okay? We live in a republic. We're the people who like these people don't make our president.


Here we go. We love our country. I love our country. I know we all do. That's why everybody's here right now. We love our country. Oh, I love, we take pride in the privilege of, of being American. Wow. And this is a moment where we can and must come together as Americans. Oh, my understanding have so much more in common than what separates us so much more. Let's come together with the, the character that we are so proud of, about who we are, which is we are an optimistic people. Oh, What kind of character We Are an optimistic people.


Americans. So Enthusia by character are people who have dreams and ambitions and aspirations. We believe in what is possible. We believe in what can be. And we believe in fighting for that. That's how, that's how we came into being. Oh, She keeps going. 'cause the people before, That's, we came into being understood that one of the greatest expressions for the love of our country, one of the greatest expressions of patriotism is to fight for the ideals of who we are, which includes freedom of who we are to make decisions about your own body, freedom to be safe.


Did you know America was founded by abortion freedom? Did you know that to have, Oh, did you know that it was founded in gun control? Freedom to be who you are and just be to love who you love. It's true love openly. The founders Were big, trans advocates. Freedom, Get rights, advocates loved it. Just Be Just, oh, just freedom to be. And that's, that's who we are. We believe in all that. And so this is a moment where we stand knowing what we are fighting for. We're not fighting against, it's what we're fighting for. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry if that app, if that appeals to you, then you deserve precisely what you get. I don't know how, I don't know how you listen to that person.


Don't wanna hang yourself. I don't understand. I really don't. That is the most vacuous bullet I've ever heard in my entire life and went on for two minutes. I, I made about 30 seconds before I started contemplating thoughts of self harm like that, that, that, that is who this class. These are the people. These are the people, okay. And, and is it any wonder that they're extraordinary narcissism and emptiness just applies to every area of their life. And again, so much throughout American politics, across party lines, like an empty class of people who don't actually have ideas, have impulses, and have a narcissistic desire for glory. It is so amazing. It is so amazing. That word salad right there in which basically, by the way, her conclusion is, if you actually tried to analyze what she's saying in there, that America was founded on abortion, gun control and trans rights.


That's what she actually said. That that was what, you know, what characterized the people who main this country is freedom to kill babies and also to freedom to not have guns, which doesn't explain how the American Revolution happened. And also freedom to just, to just be and to love who you want to love. It's true. If you look at the founders, loved, loved, were super into Pan polyamorous. Pan Sexualism loved it. Super into it. What a clown show we have created in this country that Kamala Harris has considered an upper level presidential candidate. In fact, even Oprah had to step in to save Kamala, which is amazing because again, Oprah is the essence of Vacuity.


And, and she had to step in as the more substantive counterpart here from Kamala. Kamala was asked a question. And we know that anytime there's a question mark at the end of a sentence, Kamala Harris just starts to frizz out like a character from that movie with Arnold Schwartzenegger from a total recall. Here we go. This again gets to the point about what does leadership really look like? And is it about you or is it about the people? Right? Is it about running on problems or fixing problems? My, oh my God, work in so terrible. My career has always been about saying, let's fix problems. Let's address the need. Name a Problem you fixed Within our capacity to do name One.


So Answer Justin's question now that that bill has gone and hasn't passed, will you reintroduce that? Absolutely. And when I am elected president of the United States, I will make sure that Bill gets to my desk and I will sign it into law. First of all, presidents don't introduce Bills. Congress introduces Bills. Second of all, his original question was about a specific building introduced, and she launches into this absolutely empty garbage about how she's there to solve problems because of all the problems that she solved. She could not solve a Sudoku. She is both stupid and vacuous. And, and she's also, I I love when she says, you know, leadership is about serving the people. When have you served the people? As Attorney General of the state of California?


We should recall she literally refused to serve the people. The people in in California voted for a proposition called Prop eight. I know I was a Californian. I voted in favor of Prop eight. Prop eight enshrined a traditional marriage as the law of the land in the state of California in the Constitution didn't outlaw gay weddings or something, didn't outlaw people living as they wish to live. All it did is say that the only version of marriage that would be actually recognized by the state of California was male, female. She was Attorney General. Right after that, she came in. This was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. She refused to defend it when she says that she's there to, to stand on behalf of the people. No one believes that she can't even win a, she can't win a vote. She can't win a


vote. It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect their gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle-free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor,


but she does try to project an inauthentic toughness. So suddenly, Kamala Harris, the same person who said that America was founded on gun control, she says that she'll shoot a bad guy if a bad guy comes into her house. By the way, that is not true. I, I'm sorry. That is not true. In the state of California, you have to seriously consider whether to defend yourself. If someone actually breaks into your house, you might go to jail hole. I used to live there and I know here, here, she doesn't have to worry about that. Anyway, since she lives in the Naval Observatory, here we go At the debate. I'm a gun owner. Tim Miles is a gun. I did not know that. If somebody thought that breaks in my house, they're getting shot. Sorry. Yes, yes. IIII hear that. I hear that. Probably should not have said that, but my staff will deal with that later.


Oh, she's so authentic. She's so authentic. Okay, well, here's the thing. I think the American people, we have this, this competing impulse, right? So part of the impulse is elect the person who wants the attention. That person, are they good on tv? Can they speak? Do they have that pizazz? Right? Do they excite us? Do they make us love them? Part of us wants that. And part of us is like, well, you know, actually maybe they should be good at the actual policy. Maybe that might be good. And those two impulses are totally at war with one another. I understand there's a large segment of the Republican base that finds President Trump absolutely fascinating as a human being. And they also love the fame and the glitz and the glory and the smat has, and the, and the gold gilding and all the rest of it. But for many of us, we just like the policy.


And when it comes to President Trump, the thing I like about President Trump is the things he did when he was the president of the United States. For the most part, that is the thing that I care about. Because again, I don't view politicians as people I want to hang out with. I know too many of them for that. I don't view politicians as people who I think are the most, the world's most interesting human being. So I can't wait to watch on TV because they're not what I view them as, as plumbers. Will they do the job or will they not? When Donald Trump was president, he did the job. He and his team did the job. Kamala Harris is part of the worst presidential team in American history. So that is the thing I care about. And I think deep down Americans know that. But they, we have to get outta the mindset of simply putting PE and, and again, I think it's a minority mindset. I really do.


I think that is why you, so you soften, see polls in general elections with like, I can't believe this is the race. Primary voters are the most engaged. Primary voters are the ones who want to fall in love. Most voters just want to fall in, leave me alone and do your job. Which is why Kamala Harris actually has a bit of a problem on her hands. So Kamala Harris has been wildly outspending Donald Trump online, like wildly. So according to the New York Times, Harris outspent Donald Trump 22 1 on Facebook and Instagram in the weeks surrounding their debate. 22 1 12 $0.2 million to $611,000 on Meta's platforms according to company records. Since Harris entered the race, according to the New York Times, her campaign has overwhelmed the Trump operation with an avalanche of digital advertising.


Outspending his by tens of millions of dollars in setting off alarm among some Republicans. Four years ago, Trump drastically outspent Democrats online early in the election cycle. Now Trump is making a very different bet that emphasizes the unique appeal of his online brand. The durability of a donor list built over nearly a decade in his belief in the power of television. So in Pennsylvania, for example, after the debate, Harris spent $1.3 million. Geotargeting Pennsylvania, Trump spent $22,000. In Michigan, she laid out $1.5 million. He spent $35,000. Trump's campaign has spent a lot more heavily on Google. But even on Google, Harris's pacs are doubling the spending like 26 million to 13 million since she joined the race.


Suffice to say Trump needs to get a lot more active online, but with all of those systemic advantages, with the pouring in of the money, with the media sucking up her every nonsense, she is still running dead. Even with Donald Trump, according to the Breon new Emerson College poll, Trump and Vice President Harris are neck and neck in Georgia. Trump is winning 50 to 47 in Arizona and Wisconsin. He's slightly ahead, 49, 48. They're dead heats in Pennsylvania. He's slightly ahead, 48 to 47 in Nevada, they're tied at 48 in North Carolina, Harris is up 1 49 to 48 in Michigan, 49, 47. So bottom line is this is a dead heat. She's poured the money in and people aren't changing their opinion about her.


That is a major problem for her. And there are a bunch of troubles that are underneath the surface for Harris.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path. Wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer. The power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval. And Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage Today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi. Unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews. Go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer, ET and seller GU are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. And mls. ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


All the troubles for Trump are right there out on the surface. You can see them. You can see when he makes a dumb comment in a rally, you can see because the media will highlight everything he says, whether it's true or not with her, it's all roiling under the surface. which means that if the polls are biased, I would say that they're biased against Trump because people are saying things to pollsters. I'm not sure that they totally believe. Again, Kamala Harris, she's been pour money into the campaign. She's gotten all the brat and the joy that she can outta this thing. It's like squeezing blood from a stone at this point. She's got troubles. She's got real, real troubles. So for example, yesterday we mentioned the Teamsters Union did not endorse her. Now they wouldn't endorse Trump because of course they're the teamsters. Why would they possibly do that despite the fact that 60% of their base actually is going to vote for Donald Trump.


But they didn't endorse Kamala. This makes media big mad. So Dana bash over at CNN. She was grilling the teamster's President Sean O'Brien, saying, Hey, well why? Why? Why are you, what? What? Why aren't you just endorsing Kamala despite the fact that your members hate her guts? She should maybe get into her district where it voted far Republican, far right Republican, and maybe find out what the problem is. When I have a problem in a work site and there is criticism, I get right in there and find out what the what do you is You mean voted far right Republican? She, she's well in our polling, she's a Democrat in our polling. Oh, you mean among teamsters In our polling New York, her district voted overwhelmingly Republican to support. Okay.


Former President Trump. So she may, she may wanna focus on her job instead of mine. Yes. Well, I mean that is, that is correct. I love the media so mad at the Teamsters. Listen, if you're candidate is going over like a lead balloon, that's your fault, man. A OC. Also very disappointed in Sean O'Brien's leadership and also the death of Hezbollah members. Those are the two things she was very upset about yesterday was Hezbollah members getting blown up by beepers and also the Teamsters Union. I'm very disappointed in Sean O'Brien's leadership. I have found it increasingly alarming all year his, his campaigning with Republicans coming out in favor of anti-choice Senate candidates coming out and campaigning increasingly with Republicans.


I find this to be very, it's confusing. It is confusing. It is confusing when you know the teamsters don't love the socialistic candidate who will destroy the American middle class. That that is confusing to former bartender and noted genius Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez. Even Politico at this point is noting that Kamala Harris is having real trouble in the Rust Belt quote, as vice president Kamala Harris has been part of an administration that's poured more than $50 billion into rust belt industry and infrastructure as Democrats nominee for president. She's hardly mentioning the massive spending as she woos voters in the crucial region. Instead, Harris and her surrogates are focusing their economic pitch on the care economy policies to expand childcare, make housing more affordable and helps small businesses.


The focus of her first economic speech in August, as well as a new TV ad is a major pivot from her current boss, president Biden, who made rebuilding domestic manufacturing a core part of his message to voters. Why? Why know why? Because she's appealing to ladies. That's why. What's the difference between the message of we're giving money to childcare and we are going to pour money into subsidies for manufacturing the sex of the recipients? That is the reason why Kamala Harris has shifted her focus. It's also why she's bleeding support among white, blue collar men. It's a major problem, by the way. It's about to get a lot worse because next week there's gonna be a major strike, a port strike on the East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico by October 1st. And Joe Biden is not going to invoke a federal law to prevent it. He's not gonna do that 'cause he's afraid of pissing off the unions in advance of the election.


But it's gonna be a big reminder to the American people that a Kamala Harris presidency would mean that the unions run the government. She also has been bleeding Jewish support. A new Sienna college poll shows Jewish New York voters actually favoring Donald Trump overall, which is an astonishing statistic. That is a crazy statistic. Okay? Understand that Jews generally in the United States are not a religious group. Many people who perceive themselves to be Jewish don't in any way have a connection to Judaism or the state of Israel or Jewish practice or anything like that. They just say they're Jewish because they were born Jewish or because it means that they can say in intersectional circles that they're not one of those terrible white people or whatever. But Jews traditionally have voted very, very democratic.


Donald Trump, the most pro-Israel president in American history last time around, he went about 30% of the Jewish vote. Well, in this new Sienna college poll, Jewish New York voters favor Donald Trump over Kamala Harris, 54 to 46. She's bleeding Jewish votes because she's spending all of her time trying to pander to terrorist supporters in Michigan. That, by the way, isn't even helping her. Apparently yesterday, a national pro-Palestinian group announced it will not endorse Vice President Harris. So despite the fact that they have basically captured her incoming administration, it doesn't matter, they're still not gonna endorse her because the minute they do, they're afraid that she's going to draw some sort of middle line between the terrorists and the Israelis.


That is the problem for Kamala Harris. She's, by the way, that problem is also going to exacerbate before the election because Israel is upping its action as it should in Lebanon. Israel has made it an explicit war goal supported by literally everyone in the Israeli government right to left, to return and return. The residents of Israel to the north. The entire north of Israel has been depopulated by Hezbollah rocket fire. Earlier today, Israel dropped a bomb in Beirut and likely killed the number two in Hezbollah. The possibility of a very serious escalatory military action in Lebanon, meaning Israel actually goes and takes out Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. That's a very real possibility and it's likely going to happen inside the next few weeks. So that is a, that is a, a full scale problem for her because it gets her caught between her pro kamas, pro Hezbollah supporters and Jews who actually think that, you know, people have a right to defend themselves against terror groups.


There are a lot of embedded problems for Kamala Harris and those embedded problems for Kamala Harris. Don't stop there. You know, we mentioned the upcoming looming port strike, which is not going to be good for her. One of the other problems is that the American people still do not perceive her as having a good economic plan. And that is because the democratic economic plan in general is not good. Take for example, Janet Yellen, Janet Yellen, the Secretary of the Treasury yesterday, she laid out what her economic plan is, which presumably mirrors Kamala Harris's. She says it would be very bad to deport illegal immigrants and and also bad to cut taxes, which means higher taxes, more illegals. That, that, that is what I mean. That's the Secretary of the Treasury that is a person allied with Kamala Harris. Here she was yesterday saying it would be devastating for the US economy to deport illegal immigrants.


Between 2010 and 2018. Immigrants made up, I believe 60% of all additions to the labor force. They obviously contribute to the dynamism of the US economy and we, we need, I believe, an orderly immigration system. And there's obviously work to do for Congress to work with the administration to accomplish that. But I think it would be devastating to sim simply remove that. Remove, remove. Now this number of immigrants Devastating to deport illegal immigrants.


By the way, not a popular position with the American people also says, Janet Yellen, we can't afford tax cuts. Tax cuts are bad. So remember, you have to pay more taxes. So illegal immigrants can come here in and and take low wage jobs. Very, very important. According to Janet Yellen, If the entire tax cut is just extended and nothing is allowed to expire, I believe the Congressional Budget Office is estimated that over 10 years, that would be almost a $5 trillion blow to the overall budget deficit. And honestly, I, I really believe that's something the United States can't afford, Right?


So we can't afford tax cuts. We can't afford massive new federal spending. By the way, one of the reasons why they want more illegal immigrants. According to a new study from just facts and nonprofit research Institute, 10 to 27% of non-citizens, adults in the United States are now illegally registered to vote. The US census recorded more than 19 million adult non-citizens living in the United States during 2022, given their voter registration rates. This means about two to 5 million of them are illegally registered to vote. How many of them will actually vote? We don't know. That is not


now I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the Bulletin branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bo and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, Bo and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Lemme tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with BOL and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash BEN. That's BOL and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ BEN for 20% off and free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ BEN for 20% off and free shipping.


Also, it's been pretty obvious for a while, the Democrats would love to mass amnesty these folks and turn them into voters immediately. So do you see what the plans are? Do the plans sound indicative of something good for you? Or are we still gonna do the brat and the vibes and the energy and all the rest of this nonsense? Speaking of illegal immigration yesterday, retired border patrol sector Chief Heke, he, he came out and he testified Aaron Heke, he testified before Congress that he was told by the Biden Harris administration not to release information on illegal immigrants with ties to terrorism. That's how bad the illegal immigration problem is in this country. In San Diego, we had an exponential increase in significant interest aliens. These are aliens with significant ties to terrorism.


Prior to this administration, the San Diego sector averaged 10 to 15 S-I-A-R-S per year. Once Ford was out the border was far easier to cross. San Diego went to over 100 Sias in 2022. Well over that in 2023 and even more than that registered this year. These are the only the ones we caught at the time. I was told I could not release any information on this increase in Sias or mention any of the arrests the administration was trying to convince the public there was no threat at the border. Yes, this administration has been a failure on every possible front But there is good news if Kamala Harris were to become president of the United States, you know, who we would get to see more of, much more of Hillary Clinton.


I know you're thinking to yourself, wow, what else do I get in this amazing package deal if this thing comes with leprosy I'm in. But Hillary says that she would love to serve in a Harris administration. Oh, goody gumdrops. If there is a Harris Walls administration that you would wanna play a part in it, whether officially or unofficially. Well, certainly unofficially, I wanna be as helpful as I can and would do anything I was asked to be helpful. We have so much to do that it really should be all hands on deck and anybody who can help in any capacity should be willing to do so.


Mm mm Get ready for some Hillary Clinton, you ready? You want some more of that? Ladies and gentlemen, you up for this? This is the ticket that you want. Seriously, by the way, speaking of non normies, I, I do love that In American politics, we've now reached the point where Hillary Clinton is considered a relative normie. She is not. Here's Hillary Clinton opening up about her marriage to Bill and what they do in the mornings. Every marriage I'm aware of has ups and downs, not public, hopefully for everyone else. And you have to make the decisions that are right for you. And I would never tell anybody else, stay in a marriage, leave a marriage, whatever the easy answer is. And you know, for me and and for us, I think it's fair to say we are so grateful that at this stage of our life, we have our grandchildren, we have our time together.


You know, I write about how we start the morning playing spelling bee in bed and you know, bill is like such a great player. He gets to Queen Bee almost immediately it feels like we just have a good time. We have a good time sharing this life that we've lived together for now nearly 50 years of marriage. Mm. These are the normies, these are the people we've been nominating in this country for far, far, far, far too long. That's a lady who tried to cover up her husband's rape allegations. That's, that's it. That's who that is that Hillary Clinton, by the way, if you believe that they share a bed unless Bill Clinton's prostate gave out, that is not true in any way, shape, or form.


Again, I'm, when I say return to Normies, I don't, I don't, I'm not talking about like Joe Schmo on the street or something. Like, you want people who actually know how to do policy and have actually studied po. What I mean is normal people who know how to do a thing. Just as I think that you should hire Normie accountants, normal people who are not in their off hours going to sex parties underneath the towers of New York City to, you know, do your accounting and normal people who aren't spending their off hours going to weird porn sites and posting about how they love trans porn to do your plumbing. I don't know, it's just, it is just me. I, I don't know. I feel like we've gone a little bit off the rails here.


Well folks,


Kamala Harris may not understand appealing to male voters But. there are in fact men who still believe in the American dream in a world gone man. The precision five from Jeremy's razor stands as your beacon of sanity. Five blades of superior engineering offers shaves, unshakeable as your faith that the nation's best days still lie ahead. Experience exceptionally smooth, remarkably close shape, and a testament to the fact that merit still matters. Stop giving your cash to world companies that actually hate you. Get Jeremy's Razors Precision five available right now at jeremy's razors.com, walmart.com and Amazon Prime. I mean, look, it comes in this really nice box. Go right now to jeremy's racers.com, walmart.com and Amazon Prime. Go check it out right now.


The number one new comedy in America is MI racist. The only way to see it is in theaters. We've already claimed the number four spot at the box office. The audience has spoken with a massive 98% score on Rotten Tomatoes. Am I Racist is officially verified hot. The reviews are rolling in from everyone everywhere. Joe Rogan says it's laugh out loud, hilarious American thinker calls it a brilliant hysterical expose of the race hustling industry. The Wall Street Journal only needed one word to describe the movie hilarious. Don't miss your chance to see the number one new comedy in America. Head on over to mi racist.com for tickets and showtimes near you right now. Also, this Sunday we're releasing a brand new episode of the Sunday special with VE Ram Swami. He's an American business leader, New York Times bestselling author, former Republican presidential candidate.


In the episode we talk about how conservatives should be messaging to win this election season and the need to redefine America first. Here's a bit of the trailer. I think the idea that we, the people actually can be trusted to govern ourselves for better or for worse, which acknowledges that we're gonna be trade offs sometimes we'll get it wrong. The idea that you get to speak your mind openly and express any opinion, no matter what that opinion is, no matter how heinous it is to me, the fact that you get to express that opinion as long as I get to in return, the fact that you get to practice your religion, whatever that religion is, as long as you're not hurting somebody else in the process, that is who we are. That's what made America great the first time. Don't miss this amazing episode of the Sunday Special with Vivek Ramis Swami, are you joining us?


On the line is Vivek Ramis Swami. So we're having Vivek on because number one, he actually does have a film in theaters right now is a film called City of Dreams. Also, he is our guest on the Sunday special this Sunday. Sat down with him a little bit earlier this week here iss. What it sounded like, first of all, congratulations on executive producing the movie talk. Talk to me about City of Dreams. What made you wanna get involved with this film? Yeah, look, well, one of the things I've realized, BEN, is that after a year of running for president, the change we're gonna drive in this country is not just going to be through politics. And for me it was, it's been refreshing this year to take on a number of projects in the private sector where I hope we're driving positive change to address a lot of the issues that I spoke about in the campaign, but in ways that are far outside of partisan politics.


And in some cases, hopefully in many cases, even bringing along people who aren't just in the Republican or conservative echo chamber. And that was one of my goals with this movie is one of the issues I talked about many of us have talked about over the last year is the border crisis. But one of the underbellies of that border crisis is forced child labor right here in the United States. And I'm not being histrionic, this is not a hyperbole. We claim that slavery ended in the United States in 1860 But. there is a different form of forced labor that's unconscionable directly as a consequence of children and, and even adults, but particularly children being trafficked in what is a profitable business for cartels across the southern border.


So this is a pretty cool movie. It's a, it tells the story of one young man, his name is Jesus. It's based inspired by his true story of being lured into the United States on false pretenses, ends up in a sweatshop in la, forced to work under conditions that are unconscionable. And you know, no matter how libertarian you are about adults choosing to work in certain conditions, forcing a kid a minor to work in those conditions as somebody, something we all disagree is wrong, but this is a story of one boy who fights back. And so we hear a lot of statistics, often there's 12 million people living in slavery or conditions of forced labor. Statistics I don't think reach people and they become quickly politicized. But this is a story, a story of just one young man who actually fought back against that system.


I don't wanna give too much away, but it is a thriller. It's not some sort of hit you over the head documentary that's preaching at you as important as some of those fact exposing films might be. I don't think they end up reaching a lot of people. Most people by their nature wanna be entertained. So it was important to me that it's an entertaining movie and one that's actually a thriller that keeps people engaged. But through that, I think it exposes an issue that for too long I think we have swept under the rug and the director's story in particular, he is, he's an Indian immigrant in the United States, but his story is equally interesting to me is he's somebody who was born to a father who himself grew up in conditions of forced child labor. So it's very personal to him. I think that authenticity comes through in this movie about this boy from Mexico who is trafficked into the United States.


And one of my goals with this movie is I hope we're able to reach people who otherwise would dismiss in the context of a debate like the one that we had last night, or in the context of forums where you and I would usually appear being on the defensive, pushing back against what Kamala Harris and Joe Biden actually have done at the border. And then we're at an impasse with at least 40 or 30% of the country, I hope, for even that 30 or 40% of the country they're able to watch this movie. I think most people find it difficult to get through this movie without being in tears by the end of it in a way that allows us to have a consensus that I think is natural in the country, but in a hyperpartisan environment we're not able to reach in adopting basic policies that would put an end to this type of child trafficking.


And so I hope that the movie has an impact. I think it already has, and I think it's gonna take off at a scale that is a steady build and, and by this time next year, I think this is gonna be one of the great award-winning movies looking back on 2024. Well Vivic, congrats on the movie. It's awesome. What's the best place for people to see? It's in theaters right now, correct? Yeah, it's in theaters. Yeah, it's probably most theaters across the country that you're, that at least in most cities that are near you. And I think it's gonna grow in the number of people that are able to reach it. City of Dreams movie.com. That's where you could check it out and you know, look, it was my honor to work with, there's not a conservative cadre behind this. We, I think have a wide range of folks from Tony Robbins to Sylvester Stallone, to others who have gotten behind this movie in a big way.


And I hope people are able to at least open their eyes to the problem. I have to say, even if I may admit this myself, yes, I talked a lot about the importance of fixing the trafficking issue at the southern border when I started my campaign last year. But I have to admit, even I did not have a full grasp of the scale of this problem in the United States. It's one of those things when you, when you hear it first, you might wonder, is this actually real? Is this some sort of hyperbole? This can't be possibly happening in the United States, but it turns out, once you open your eyes, it's actually ubiquitous at a scale that we are reluctant to admit. And this shouldn't be an issue of left versus right. Sadly, it has become politicized.


I think in some ways, even this movie, the fact that it touches this uncomfortable truth, I think has made it hard for a lot of people on the left to even publicly get behind this film, even though they would privately acknowledge that this is a major issue that they care about. So I hope we're able to cut through that and both through this and you know, other things that I've tried to do in the private sector, I've got a book coming out later this month, BEN, you know, I've talked about some of my past books and maybe we can talk about the next one when it comes out. I'm trying to drive change as much through our culture as through American politics. And when we have a country to save, I think it's gonna take all of those fronts to hopefully revive who we are. Vivek Ramaswamy, go check out his brand new movies, executive producer, city of dreams movie.com or go to your local theater and check it out.


Vivek, congrats on the movie again, good to talk to you. Thank you. Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response.


Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen. Do me slash Shapiro get 15% off your lumen. That's L-U-M-E-N. Do me use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off. Okay. Meanwhile, yesterday was probably the most sex scantily day in modern American history, like many, many sex scandals dropping at all the same time. And all I can say is that the elite in our society, they're a bunch of narcissists, non normies, and the American people are having a very rough time selecting out actual normies. I don't mean people who don't know policy, I mean like actual normal people who live normal lives to be part of the elite in our society.


Imagine if you will, a group of soloistic, narcissistic perverts who basically run American politics. I mean, that's kind of what's happening as it turns out. I have a whole series of stories today about people involved at the highest levels of American politics and how they're basically weirdos sex weirdos and, and we, the American people, need to do a much better job of selecting for normies. Well, the great irony of the public imagination right now is that America is a place that is deeply in search of normal, right? We want normal because we wanna be left alone. It turns out one of the things that has happened in the United States over the course of the last century and a half is that our social institutions, which used to engage us, our social institutions, which used to guarantee some sort of common standard of normalcy have fallen apart.


We have essentially exploded the normal in favor of the abnormal. That's particularly over the course of last half century in the United States. When we decided that the norm was bad, the norm was an imposition on our authenticity and we had to recenter the na, the non-normal. We had to recenter the marginalized. And the result of that was the tearing away of all the institutions. One of the other results of that is that the American people have been deeply in search for normality because it turns out that when you get rid of the norm, people still want the norm. Now the big problem is that once you get rid of the norm, it is very hard to find normal people. And in fact, when you have the kind of extremes of politics engaged in the process and, and all they really care about is reactionary, ping ponging off one another, it's hard to find normal people.


This to me is the only way to explain the fact that over the course of the last 24 hours, we have seen a series of sex scandals ranging from journalists to high level politicians, to public health officials. 'cause you have to think to yourself, why are there just so many weirdos in pla? Why is this happening? Now, part of that is because at the highest levels of a huge number of industries, Hollywood is an obvious example. You have people who are shielded from normal institutions, from normy institutions. The rates of church going, for example in Hollywood are non-existent. Nobody is a member of a real church community in Hollywood. And if you are, you are immediately excised or treated as lepers the same way that, for example, Chris Pratt has been over the course of the last few years.


Okay? That that's true in Hollywood. It also happens to be true, unfortunately in politics. Politics because it is so performative, it tends to draw people who are narcissistic and people who are narcissistic also tend to be narcissistic with regard to their own personal lives. And so you have this weird catch 22 where the very people who are most likely to engage in politics and in public policy are the same people who are attention seeking and narcissistic, and that extends to their personal lives. Let me bring you some stories so I can explain what I mean here. So late last night, the story broke from the New York Times, a star New York magazine Political reporter has now been placed on leave. After disclosing a personal relationship with the former presidential candidate, our FK Jr.


In a statement posted online on Thursday night, New York magazine said it's Washington correspondent, Olivia Nazi, who by the way is 31 years old, had recently acknowledged to the magazine's editors that she had engaged in a relationship with a former subject relevant to the 2024 campaign. While she was reporting on the campaign, the outlet said the relationship was a quote, violation of the magazine standards around conflicts of interest and disclosures. A person familiar with the matter confirmed the relationship was with RFK Jr. A former Democrat who ended his independent run for president in August. New York Magazine then said that they had found no evidence of bias. Nazi said that some communication between myself and a former reporting subject turned personal earlier this year. She said during that time I did not directly report on the subject, nor use them as a source.


So number one, we should point out here that the notion that journalists are totally objective and never get involved with their subjects is totally false. It actually happens a fair bit of the time, a shocking amount of the time, actually, the relationship between the journalistic and the political segments of American society. Basically, as I've suggested, when I use the phrase Democrat media complex or Democrat media, human cent, sometimes it's literal and has really bad. So that sort of relationship is extremely cozy. It always has been. There's nothing new under the sun. But this applies across the board. It's not just with presidential 70-year-old presidential candidates and 31-year-old reporters. It is also with regard to those in charge of, for example, New York City's pandemic response.


Again, according to the New York Times today, the official in charge of New York City's pandemic response participated in sex parties and attended a dance party underneath a Wall Street Bank during the height of the pandemic, even as he was telling New Yorkers to stay home and away from others to stop the spread of COVID-19, he acknowledged his transgressions on Thursday after being caught on hidden camera, boasting about his exploits. The video of the official Dr. Jay Varma, who is City Hall's Senior Public health advisor under Bill de Blassio from April, 2020 to May, 2021, was posted on Thursday by podcaster Steven Crowder. The video appears to have been compiled from several recordings in which Varma is seen at a number of restaurants and cafes, chatting with a woman who remains off camera at various points. He describes a sex party. He and his wife held in a hotel and dance party.


He attended in a space under a bank on Wall Street, joined by more than 200 people. So that's great. He says, I take responsibility for not using the best judgment at the time. And that, of course, is not a particular shock. The person who had modeled falsely the idea that millions and millions and millions of people would die in the United States absent massive public health measures in Britain, that person was caught basically ushering over people for sex in the middle of the pandemic as well. The rules simply don't apply to the narcissistic. And when you look at industries that draw the narcissistic politics, media, Hollywood disproportionately draw people who think only about themselves, and those narcissists tend to be disconnected from, again, the same social institutions that many of them have helped direct, which brings us to a massive problem for the North Carolina campaign of the Lieutenant Governor of the state.


He's running for governor. His name is Mark Robinson. So Mark Robinson had been praised by Donald Trump. He had been picked by Donald Trump in a primary earlier this year, and there was always a lot of dirt out there about Mark Robinson. Mark Robinson basically rose to prominence incredibly quickly because again, in a social media era, you can go from near anonymity to political power in a heartbeat. It is really, really fast. In fact, if you actually look at his political career, he became famous because in April, 2018, he went to a meeting of the Greensboro City Council and he talked about gun control. He then dropped out of the University of North Carolina at Greensboro and left his job, and by 2019, he had entered the Republican primary in the election for Lieutenant Governor, and then he won the Republican nomination with 30% of the vote.


And then because it's North Carolina, which is a fairly red state, he ended up winning the Lieutenant Governor's seat and now he's running for governor. So he went from basically complete anonymity, like complete anonymity. He had, he had not graduated college. He served in the Army Reserve, he went to North Carolina a and t State University, I suppose. But he, it seems like he didn't actually finish his degree, and that was pretty much it. He worked in like a furniture manufacturer. So he went from furniture manufacturing in 2018 to running for governor of the state of North Carolina in a presidential year in 2024. And there was all sorts of dirt out there for a long time about Mark Robinson. But the very online crew, which again, an arena that draws the very narcissistic, the very online crew, decided that he needed to win a primary, not only for lieutenant Governor, but then also for governor and Mark Robinson sort of hit a, a particular Republican soft spot, which is black Americans who promote their own conservatism because Republicans are very sick of being called racist.


There is a certain sort of benefit of the doubt that is given a lot of the time to people who are of minority status, who will say the thing. And the reason for that is because Republicans are sick of being called racist. It's a, it's not particularly shocking, it just is a reality of the world. That was true for Mark Robinson, despite the fact that, again, there was a ton of dirt on Mark Robinson that's been out there for a very long time. So Donald Trump had endorsed Robinson. That's really what pushed him over the top in the gubernatorial primaries, despite the fact that Tom Tillis, the senator from the state had endorsed somebody else here was Trump way back when, calling Mark Robinson, MLK Jr, on steroids, because again, Donald Trump speaks in superlatives. That's what he does. This is Martin Luther King on steroids.


Okay, now, I told that, I told that, I told that to Mark. I said, I think you're better than Martin Luther King. I think you are Martin Luther King times two. And he looked at me and I wasn't sure was he angry, because that's a terrible thing to say, or was he complimented? I have never figured it out. Okay, so you know, the, the big story of the day is that now, right as we run up to the election, CNN has dropped a bunch of oppo reported by Andrew Kozinski and M Stack at CNN, about a 2012 porn site series of postings from Mark Robinson, apparently on these sites.


He referred to himself as a black Nazi and expressed support for reinstating slavery. He also said that he enjoyed watching transgender pornography and referred to himself as a perv. This is according, again, to the CNN report. All of these comments were made on a pornographic website board between 2008 and 2012 called Nude Africa. He listed his full name on the profile for Nude Africa, as well as an email address he used on numerous websites across the internet for decades. And apparently this is like the tip of the iceberg. So he has taken a very politically conservative position running in 2024. But then it turns out that he and his now wife, when she was, I guess his girlfriend, had an abortion, and he then came out and switched his position on abortion.


In other words, his campaign in North Carolina has been a large scale debacle, and that doesn't mean he is not competitive. North Carolina is inherently a red state. The North Carolina gubernatorial polling right now is actually pretty close. And of course, the national polling, the polling for the national race between Trump and Kamala Harris in North Carolina is extremely close. Now, Robinson is running fairly solidly behind. He has been running fairly solidly behind the whole, this, this entire race against Stein in North Carolina, and it is dragging down the national ticket. This is totally gonna drag down Trump in North Carolina. It's gonna have a serious problem for Donald Trump in North Carolina.


Now listen, the instinct, of course, in today's politics, it used to be, I'm, I'm old enough to remember a time in American politics when a scandal like this uncovered in the middle of an election cycle likely meant that you were going to step out of the election. We're way past that in American politics. Bill Clinton never stepped out of office after Lewinsky. He didn't even really con contemplated despite being impeached in the house. Of course, Donald Trump ended up staying in the races after the grab by the P word tape, and he ended up winning the presidency. So the new normal in American politics is that no matter how bad the scandal you are hit with is, you don't step out because if you do that, your career is over. So what is the incentive structure that would lead you to say, you know what? I'm so humiliated and I'm out. Robinson is not going to do that. Robinson announced yesterday that it was actually his opposition's fault that all this had happened.


By the way, more reports yesterday from Politico that an email address belonging to him was registered on Ashley Madison, which of course is the website where dudes go to seek extramarital affairs. In any case, here was Robinson yesterday saying that he's not responsible for this, that none of this is his. Maybe you believe this, maybe you don't. Well, guys, the news media is added again, my opponent is added. Again, you all have seen the have truths and outright lies of Josh Stein on these ads over and over again, and now a story leak, a story leaked by him to CNN is appearing. Now, let me reassure you the things that you will see in that story. Those are not the words of Mark Robinson.


You know my words, you know my character and you know that I have been completely transparent in this race and before folks this race. Right now, our opponents are desperate to shift the focus here from the substantive issues and focus on what you are concerned with to salacious tra tabloid trash. We cannot allow that to happen. Okay? Well, I mean, the reality is that he's almost certainly going to lose that gubernatorial race in North Carolina, and this certainly doesn't help. He has vowed to stay in the race. Of course, he, he put up a post saying that he is, he's not going to leave. We are staying in this race.


We are in it to win it, and we know that with your help, we will, God bless you, and we will see you where on the campaign trail. Okay, well, he is almost certainly not going to win in North Carolina. It turns out the only politician who actually can survive this sort of thing is either someone who's currently president, like Bill Clinton or Donald Trump in an election running against Hillary Clinton, that that is the complete list of politicians who have survived this tho sort of thing in a, in a, in an open race and gone on to win. It just doesn't happen that way. Now, again, if we lived in a normal non narcissistic world at this point, Mark Robinson would say, listen, I got, I gotta leave. There's two months left till the election. If you put somebody else in, then that person could theoretically win, or at least if they lose, they'll lose much more narrowly to Josh Stein in North Carolina.


This makes an awful lot of difference because if Trump loses North Carolina, it is very, very difficult for him to win the presidency. If, if Donald Trump does not win North Carolina, then basically that cancels out any of the, these Midwestern winds, right? For example, if Donald Trump were to win Georgia, he would win Arizona. Let's say that he were gonna lose Nevada, let's say that Donald Trump were to lose Wisconsin, and let's say that he were to lose Minnesota, but he were to win Pennsylvania. If that were to happen, Donald Trump would still lose the election because North Carolina is 16 electoral votes. The North Carolina polling right now is extremely, extremely tight. Do you think this helps Trump, or do you think this hurts Trump?


And this goes back to what happens in these primaries. I understand that we conservatives, we as Republicans, once the candidate is the candidate, then the candidate is the candidate. However, how many elections are Republicans going to lose because they let a very passionate small Cory of people in a primary election nominate candidates who then go on to absolutely implode in the general, how many times they're gonna do this? Seriously, all this stuff was out there, okay? There, there were rumors of this that were really well, well verified that there, he had said a lot of things, Mark Robinson, that were very dicey leading up to all of this, whether it's Don Baldock in New Hampshire, who loses a very winnable Senate seat in New Hampshire, whether it is the Doctor Oz primary right now, Dave McCormick, by the way, very easily could win that Pennsylvania seat.


He's the one who lost the primary to Dr. Oz the last time around, and John Fetterman went on to win that seat in Pennsylvania. How about Herschel Walker? Awful candidate in Georgia, and now that seat is occupied by a Democrat. How about Kerry Lake, who lost a race for governor in Arizona? And then the, the, in the wisdom of the primary electorate of Arizona, they decided once again that they were going to nominate Kerry Lake in Arizona. Okay, the, the, i, I don't understand the logic here, and what it suggests to me is that we need, as a public, this is true for, for people across the aisle. And right now, by the way, she's losing to Ruben Gallego, according to the latest polling, somewhere between six and 14 points. And Ruben Gallego is a far left Democrat. That's seat was occupied by Kirsten Sinema until five seconds ago.


I mean, it's still occupied by her, but she's not going to win that race. She's running as independent and then dropped out. So what does that mean? It means that we, the American public, understand that there are certain industries, there are certain, there's certain parts of life, particularly ones where there's a red light on you, meaning a camera, where people tend to be real narcissists to get into the industry in the first place. And what that means, it tends to draw a subsection of people whose narcissism extends to their own sex life, whose narcissism extends to their own personal relationships. And then that stuff very often tends to come out, which means your radar needs to be super high with regard to this sort of stuff. Your radar needs to be incredibly, again, there's no way you separate ego from politics.


This has been true since Plato. There is no way to separate ego from politics. However, in a republic, it is the job of the voter to try to identify the normies, try to identify the normies, because these are spaces filled with people who are very self-directed, filled with people who spend an awful lot of time away from their families, filled with people who do not feel the eyes of, of moral and social institutions upon them. And they go out and they do things. And then we're all surprised we should be on higher alert for this sort of activity, not lower alert. When it comes to our politicians, the person you actually want is your politician. I know I'm, I'm railing against the wind right here because what the, the American public have demonstrated that they have no actual inclination to do the hard work of electing people who are basically just good administrators, which is pretty much what you want in a politician.


I've been saying my entire life. What you want in a politician is someone who makes themself insignificant in your life. It's the only place truly in our lives where we try to elect people who we think about constantly. We try to select people, we think about constantly. If I'm hiring for my company, the people I want to hire are people who I don't think about constantly. They're people where I delegate to them a job, and then they go and they do it. Well, in a, in republic, you are the boss. The politicians are the people who work for you. What you really want, what you really want is a person that you delegate the job to, and you never think about it again. Name a day for the last 20 years in American politics where you haven't thought about a politician and what they are thinking about you. We are now in a toxic relationship with our entire political class, or at least large uas of our political class.


And what that means, that if a candidate seems too boring or like, oh man, too boring, that person, too competent, too boring. This is true on every side of the aisle, and it's ridiculous. It's truly ridiculous. You wonder how you end up with a national race between Donald Trump. I understand he's the former president between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris is a career long narcissist who has pole vaulted her way into the center of national politics without any sort of actual record, without any serious principles, total narcissist. And yet that's considered perfectly normal. Meanwhile, there are in fact kinda, you know, hardworking normy Democrats.


They do exist. They are out there. They're doing sort of normal governor jobs in the Midwest. Nobody ever thinks about them. The same thing is true in Republican politics. And if on occasion you get a very high profile Republican who is like that, we immediately go, oh man, that guy's too boring. We need somebody who's really gonna bring the Rasmus has, this is not a theater kid forum. This is a place for policy. And again, I, I understand. I understand that none of this matters in the end because people are gonna continue to vote for the people who they love because they feel like they have to love their politicians. But that is in fact the flaw with any democratic republic. As the founders well knew, they were very much afraid of populism, which relied on the impulses of the people to select people they found attractive rather than people who were there delegated to do a job that was supposed to be insignificant in our lives.


Ari, coming up, it's time for some tales of the woke. I've got some really good ones for you today. If you're not a member, become a member. Use, code Shapiro, check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad wipe. Take those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn, I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified, DEI expert, here's my certifications. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this view, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, Yes, this country is a piece of White folks, white trash, white supremacy. White woman, white Boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful in.