
At Leidos, A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart, but an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart. But integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions in national security and health. We're making smart, smarter, Leidos


Well folks. It is day 18 of Kamala Harris's manufactured candidacy coming from absolutely nowhere. But now she's filled with joy. She has a VP candidate. And of course, you know what this means. It means it's time for us to update our daily calendar. It is day 18 of Kamala Harris being asked zero questions by a compliant media that are deeply determined to make her president of the United States. Here's the thing, you need the updates every single moment of every day. We did a bunch of updates yesterday, a lot of breaking news all the time. This is why you need Daily Wire plus Daily. Wire plus members have unlimited on-demand access to our uncensored ad free daily shows, real-time breaking news, investigative journalism. Plus, you can do what we did last night. You can do the all access and ask me questions. Don't be left in the dark. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Okay, so yesterday was the big day Kamala Harris decided not to pick the Jew. That was the big story that was coming out of the VP nomination process from Kamala Harris. Again, there, there's an attempt to make Kamala Harris a wildly attractive and joyous candidate. That was the key word of the day. So, so far, we've had a few key words from the Kamala Harris campaign, which are then repeated ad nauseum by the Pretorian Guard in the media. First we had weird, weird was to be applied to Donald Trump and JD Vans, not to Kamala Harris appearing with drag queens or speaking complete word coleslaw or randomly dancing with school children. Now, Kamala Harris was not weird. JD Vans Donald Trump. They were weird. We had two and a half weeks of weird complete with a bunch of lies about JD Vance and a sick and gross lies that if you even take the time to explain why they're lies, it backfires on you.


There was an online meme, which we'll get to in a little while on this show. It was repeated by that supposedly nice mid-Westerner Tim Walls. It was, it was this dumb meme on, on the Twitters that that suggested that JD Vance had once had sex with a couch, right? Even mentioning it is gross and stupid, and that's the whole point of putting out something gross and stupid like that is even debunking. It becomes gross and stupid, okay? But the idea there was to spin that into a, the Republicans are weird narrative. And so for two and a half weeks we had Republicans are weird. Well, now we have a new campaign word, a buzzword joy. This is the campaign of joy. Don't you see? See Donald Trump, JD Vance. They're just too dark. They're just too dark because they look at America and what they see right now is America is in rough waters.


They see an economy that is on the brink. They see a, a foreign policy that is completely disastrous in full scale meltdown. That's what they see. And, and that's dark and that's terrible. But you know what Kamala Harris really represents? She represents joy. She can't help but dance. She can't help but bubble over with enthusiasm for electric school buses and Venn diagrams and Tim Walls too. He too is filled with joy. So much joy. This is the angle, right? David Ploof poof was brought on from the Obama campaign. He is now working for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, and they are now attempting to redo the 2008 Barack Obama campaign, which is smart.


And one of my big critiques of the Kamala Harris campaign is that it is a 2012 campaign. It is doubling and tripling and quadrupling down on the base. And that's what Barack Obama did in, in 2012, when in reality, Democrats have been most successful when they have run toward the middle, and they have attempted to create some sort of feeling of unity. Barack Obama in 2008 doing the no red states, no bull states, just the United States, all that crap. Well, now David Poof is suggesting that this is what Kamala Harris should pursue. So here is David poof, suggesting just that The Trump Vance ticket is just incredibly dark, negative about the country, kind of captured in, in the Fox bubble, where you blame everybody for everything.


And I think that's a distinction in my career in politics, which is longer than I'd like. Joy alone won't win you. But, but it's a great combination with the right ideas and the right message when you're out there, you like being with people, you believe in this country. You, you know that we've got challenges, but you know, we also have opportunities. And to be upbeat about that and to believe in this country, I think is really, really important. Now, all of that's a lie. Democrats are not upbeat about the country. They believe that America is systemically racist, deeply inequitable, and quite evil from its roots. That is something that both Kamala Harris and Tim Walls have said in the past. They're not a, a party of deep feeling for the magic of the US Constitution or for the American people who they malign half of them as outright racists, but they're going to paper over this unbelievably thin campaign with this pastiche of joy and happiness.


So you can feel it. It really feels like I Dunno, I I have very sensitive taste buds and I can taste fake sugar. I can taste it. And saccharin, you know, the, i I, I can, I can't have like nutri wheat. I can taste, it tastes bitter to me. And so maybe that just applies to my political analysis as well. When I see the fake sugar that is being ladled all over the Kamala Harris campaign, it just makes me wanna vomit a little bit.


Well folks, the enthusiasm for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls is so fake. But I'll tell you what is not fake. The erosion of your freedom. It's not just happening in Washington. It's happening right on your smartphone. Big tech companies track every move you make, every search, every click, every video you watch, it's all being compiled into a neat little profile they can sell to the highest bidder to fight back against big text control of the internet. I use Express VPN when you use the Express VPN app on your computer or phone the software hide your IP address from third parties. That makes your activity more difficult for companies to trace and sell to advertisers. It also helps keep your online presence more anonymous. What's more Express VPN encrypt 100% of your network data to protect you from eavesdropper and cyber criminals by using Express VPN. You're not just protecting yourself. You're taking a stand against big tech overreach. You're saying now it's my data, not yours to sell. I've been using Express VPN for years. I can tell you it is fast, it's easy to use, it gives me peace of mind. There's a reason it is rated number one by cnet, radar wire, tech radar, and countless others. So stop allowing big tech to revoke your right to free speech. Why not revoke their right to your data? Instead, secure your internet with the same VPN I use for online protection. Visit expressive vpn.com/pen. That's EXPR SS vpn.com/ben. Get three extra months free with my exclusive link ExpressVPN dot com slash ben.


So here is Kamala Harris calling up Tim Walls to notify him that he was going to be the running mate. It's all prescripted, it's all fake enthusiasm. The smiles are all pasted on Joker style as though she's fallen into a bin of toxic waste that is left or with some sort of facial contortion. And yet we're supposed to pretend this is joy. This is what Joy, what joy looks like is horrifying policy combined with media coverage that makes it seem as though you have all sorts of wondrous excitement surrounding you. Hi, this is Tim. It's Kamala Harris. Good morning governor. Good Governor. Morning Madam Vice president.


Listen, let's, let's do this together. That Rick, you be My running mate and let's get this thing on the road. I would be honored Madame Vice president, the joy that you're bringing back to the country, the enthusiasm There. Oh, the joy that's out there. It'll be a privilege to take this with you across the country. Well, let me tell you, I have just the utmost respect for you. I have really enjoyed our work together. You understand our country. You have dedicated yourself to our country in, in so many different, She's shaking her head the whole whole time there ways. And we're Gonna do this. We're gonna win and we're gonna unify our country and remind everyone that we are fighting for the future, for everyone.


So let's get out there and get this done. That sucks, Pam. One, Let's do it. Do the work in front of us. Let's win this thing. That's Right. All right, buddy, I'll see you soon. Take care. Thank you. Okay, yeah. Bye. God. It's such bumper sticker plum. And if you fall for it, man, you deserve what you got. By the way, their graphic design sucks. I gotta say the Harris Walls campaign is really bad. They squished Tim Wall's name down. Looks like Kamala Harris is coming in from the top and just squishing Tim Walls down graphically. Bad graphic design over there. But this very brat campaign is not just about Kamala Harrison, Tim Walls, it is all about these spouses as well. So Doug Emh called up Gwen Walls, who we'll meet in just a moment. And honestly, it's hard to look at Doug Emh now considering that that dude has had some experiences with nannies.


Makes that weird kiss with Jill Biden. Seem a little bit weirder here. He was calling up Gwen Walls, and you ju you just hope that, that Tim is nowhere in earshot. Hello, Gwen. Yes, it's Doug Emh. How are you? So much joy. Great. Holy smokes, Thank you for taking time to call. It's so considerate. Thank you. So Gw, I Remember it is so considerate Getting this call four years ago and I, I, I actually know what you're going through right now, but the good news is I've already been through it. So just like Dr. Biden, That is great news. Was There for me who had been through it?


Oh, I'm sure she was. I've Been through it. I'm gonna be there for you and we're gonna do this together. Thank you. Mm, I, I hope not the same way. And Tim are gonna do this together. And we are gonna win this election together. And I cannot wait to see you in Philadelphia in a little bit. Well, we are so excited and thrilled and honored, and we are just, we are ready To win And we'll do everything you know that we can. And I'm so anxious to, to meet you and See you both so many smiles, so much joy and so much nutri rate. Oh my God, it means everything. I can't get, Ugh, the nutri sweet. Ugh. Oh, the fake sugar.


Oh, just pour it all over it. And this is what they have to do because the real reason of course, that Kamala Harris picked Tim Walls is because he ain't a Jew. That's the actual reason. If Josh Shapiro's name were Josh Gentile, he certainly would've been picked. Everyone knows this. Everyone knows this. Now, what the media are trying to suggest, of course, is that she picked him for all sorts of great reasons. Like he's from a swing state. Well, or, or maybe it's that he's so mod. Well, or, or maybe it's that he's just so winning and charisma. Well, it's that he wasn't a Jew. That's the reason because you had a popular swing state governor from Pennsylvania and she didn't select him 'cause she was afraid to piss off the part of her base that really, really does not like Jews very much. But Politico is doing the spin for her because this is their job.


Again, this is what makes the Trump Vance task so difficult is that the entire media are just a press outlet for the Harris Walls campaign. I mean, clearly that is what this is. Politico ran a piece quote, Kamala Harris loved Tim Waltz's governing record in Minnesota gets to that in a moment. His biography and record of winning tough races resonated with her. And most of all, she just really liked him. Wow. They just sat down for a one-on-one interview on Sunday, and they just connected. It was like speed dating. Harris appreciated Wallace's two terms as Governor BCAs accomplishments in Minnesota that Harris wants to replicate in her presidency. And she loved his biography. A former high school teacher, former coach and veteran who flipped a Republican leaning district in 2006. And she thinks that dad is gonna do amazing in the Midwest as opposed to, you know, the 62% popular governor of a giant swing state that she needs to win.


What's the real reason? The real reason, of course, is really twofold. One is she was afraid if she picked Josh Shapiro, he's a bigger talent than she is, and he would outshine her. So according to Politico, his style was seen by at least some in Harris's world as showboating. One senior Democrat in touch with Harris's team called it counterproductive. And there was a sense within Shapiro's team that unlike walls, his interview with Harris did not go as well as it could have. There was a not great feeling coming out of it because He's a Jew. Again, we'll get to all of the, the latent real reasons why this happened. But first, the media spend. So George Stephan Kns, like he's an all American man from middle America who just happens to love Karl Marx. That's it. He, he's, he's Marxist Don Rickles over here, which is kinda what he looks like.


By the way, Waltz appears to fit the all American definition of a man from middle, middle America high school teach teacher, oh, it's all American football coach member of the Army National Guard before becoming a member of Congress. And now Governor Tim Walls has his, this idea that he's like an all American moderate, nope, not even remotely close. According to the Wall Street Journal, he increased his taxes, though Minnesota already has the fifth highest top income tax rate among the states. He added a 1% surtax on net investment income above a million dollars. Also, Minnesota still loves his a death tax up to 16% on top of the federal 40% rate. He attempted to make an estimated 81,000 illegal immigrants in the state eligible for driver's licenses along with health insurance.


He funded the North Star Promise program, which provides free college for students with a family income under 80 grand, including illegal immigrants. He created a new 0.88% payroll tax that pays for 20 weeks a year of paid family and medical leave. He's mandating 80% carbon free electricity by 2030, ramping up to a hundred percent. By 2040. He passed one of the nation's most permissive abortion statutes. There's no limit and there's no age consideration for minors. You don't have to get parental permission. He declared Minnesota to be a trans refuge state, and of course, he established automatic voter registration. And let Minnesotan sign up for a Permanente, a permanent absentee ballot option.


Don't worry, he is a moderate mid-westerner. According to George Stephanopoulos, by the way, his governance in Minnesota, that governance like Kamala Harris so deeply loves it's been going so amazing that everyone is fleeing Minnesota as fast as their feet can take them.


Well folks, people in the media keep telling you that Tim Walls a total moderate, which is why we should probably replace the people in the media. They do a terrible job. Well, if you are looking to replace people at your company or to get better people at your company, you need ZipRecruiter here at The Daily Wire, we've hired a ton of highly skilled people to be part of this growing, creative powerhouse training editors, attorneys, engineers, pretty much across the board. Whether you need to hire a civil engineer in New York, a pediatric nurse in Nebraska and attorney in Colorado, even a mascot in Michigan, you need ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast for all kinds of roles right now. You can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter knows how to get things done quickly and efficiently. It doesn't just cast a wide net and hope for the best. ZipRecruiter. Cutting edge technology actively seeks candidates with the skills and experience you need. Once you've reviewed your list of qualified candidates, you can invite your top choices to apply. This streamlined process encourages them to apply sooner, allowing you to fill that role faster from accountant to zoologist. ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four out five employers who post on ZipRecruiter will get a quality candidate within the very first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address, ziprecruiter.com/ Daily Wire again, and at ziprecruiter.com/ Daily Wire ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way to hire.


Here is a chart of Minnesota's population loss over the course of the last several years. You can see in 2018, they have some net population gain and then some slight population gain in 2019. And then it just falls directly off the table. Directly off the table. That is the Tim Wall's governorship. It turns out when you allow your cities to be set on fire, when you raise all of your taxes, when you jack up the regulations, when you make your state an unsafe haven for actual parents, people tend to leave. People don't want to be there anymore. But that's exactly the kind of governance that Kamala Harris was looking for. Supposedly, supposedly it was all about the governance or maybe it was about that personal record because there's nothing like a person who had, you know, a, a drunken driving arrest in 1995 where he tried to say that he was deaf in order to avoid the arrest that, that, that be speaks true honesty in a human being.


On the night of September 23rd, 1995, 31-year-old Tim Walls was pulled over by a Nebraska State trooper for driving a silver moss in 96 miles per hour in a 55 mile per hour zone. The officer smelled alcohol after walls, failed a field sobriety test and a preliminary breath test. He was arrested and initially charged with speeding and driving while intoxicated ev Eventually he agreed to resolve the issue by pleading to a reduced charge of reckless driving a misdemeanor, paying a $200 fine. We will also point out here that he tried to claim that he did not understand what the officer was saying to him because he was partially deaf, supposedly, and that he had balance issues. A deeply honest person that deep honesty extends to his military service. So Tim Wallace has made his military service and the National Guard a Chief point, In his resume.


In fact, he has used it as a rationale for his gun ban attempt. Here is Tim Walls trying to use his National Guard resume to talk about what kind of guns he wants to see banned. Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago, and dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army and I hunt and I gave the money back. And I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks, we can do CDC research, we can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons were at. Now I point out the very last part of that.


He never carried a weapon in war. Not only did he not carry a weapon in war, he literally quit his unit to not go to Iraq. So, as we'll see, In, his rally, he was ripping on JD Vance. And so as Kamala Harris, JD Vance went to Iraq, you know, who didn't? This guy, he dropped out specifically to avoid going to Iraq. According to the New York Post, when Minnesota Governor Tim Walls chose to leave the military on the eve of his deployment to Iraq, Thomas Barons went In his place. He said, court, I needed to hit the ground running and take care of the troops and tell them we were gonna, we were going to war. He had 500 soldiers under his command. For a guy in that position to quit is cowardice. He said, when your country calls, you're supposed to run into battle. Not the other way. He ran away. It's sad. Here is Tom Barons. The guy took over his command when Tim Wall decided that he was not in fact going to fill out his service, He abandoned us.


You know, I mean, what the hell kinda leader does that? I mean, he just, as soon as the shots were fired in Iraq, he turned and ran the other way and hung his hat up and quit. You know, when he was a congressman, he, you know, he bragged that he was, he was a command sergeant, retired command sergeant Major. I'm the highest ranking person ever in the, in the house. And, you know, all this lie that he was telling the state of Minnesota came out after 2018 after this was exposed. And they said, well, he can say that he served as a command sergeant major, but he can't say he's a retired one because he's not. Between Lockdowns riots, unchecked crime, and a charred police precinct, barons felt he had no choice. But again, to come forward, Allowing that to be burned down was just like having the Alamo get burned down.


It's like, no, you sit, you defend that to the last man. Know if he would've went to Iraq, he'd still be hiding under his desk over there. Okay? So there you have it deeply honest, deeply honest, deeply Midwestern, deeply All-American. Tim Walsh, speaking of deeply all American Post from Morgan Ortegas, who is a foreign policy advisor to the Trump administration. She says that his, his history is filled with weird views toward the Chinese Communist Party. In fact, from 1989 to 1990, walls taught a communist party approved course in China during the Tiananmen Square massacre. Despite the political turmoil says Morgan, he later argued that US classrooms should avoid depicting China as a scary threat and instead focus on its complexity.


From 1992 to 2003, walls made nearly annual trips to China. He established a summer program for Minnesota high school students with funding support from Beijing authorities. In 1994, he and his wife went to China for their honeymoon, which is a weird place to honeymoon. In 2007, walls downplayed us, concerns about China labeling them as hyperbole. He compared the US-China relationship to a drug user and pusher implying the situation was more nuanced than it appeared In 2019, he advocated for deeper economic engagement with Beijing, despite ongoing human rights abuses and argued for a solid lasting partnership with China. He is focused on communist China by calling them amazing and insisting he was treated well during his time. There Seems kinda weird, seems kind of strange, except that of course he did a bunch of early work in China.


So that, that's kind of weird. Also, for a guy who is supposedly driving Midwestern votes, he spends an awful lot of time attacking the rural areas of Minnesota. Here was Tim Walls, the governor of Minnesota and all that long ago, ripping into the rural areas of Minnesota. You know, you see those maps red and blue, and there's all that red across there and Democrats go into depression over it. It's mostly rocks and cows that are in that red area. Oh, it's rocks and cows. Those rural areas don't worry. He has lots of rural appeal. Steve Kki poll analyst over at M-S-N-B-C. He's like, I don't see the rural appeal. Can, can someone show this to me? Look at his electoral history. Tim Walls is in 2022 in the idea that he's got this automatic appeal with these small town areas in those three key battleground states.


You don't see it in what he actually did on the ballot in 2022. Now that doesn't mean it can't happen, you know, see how this story, once it gets told how it does it resonate with voters? Does it act? I mean, I could you, you have no idea of knowing when these things start, but what we can look at here is what he's actually done as a candidate in Minnesota and, and honestly, when you look at Wall's, victory in 2022 in Minnesota, it looks like Biden's victory in Minnesota in 2020. Not a different coalition. So all of that talk about Tim Wall's gonna win over the rural Minnesotans and Wisconsin's and Michiganders and Pennsylvanians. Yeah. Nonsense. Everybody keeps talking about how walls is gonna win over the rural population.


Frankly, these kinda lies are making me sick, which is probably why I should have a stock of medication at home from the Wellness Company. You need to be prepared with a medical emergency kit from the Wellness Company. We have one at home. It's awesome. My wife, the doctor, she loves it. First of all, this is not a simple first aid kit. It contains essential lifesaving medications that are often in short supply like Amoxicillin Z-Pak, ivermectin and more. It's like having an urgent care in your home. The medical emergency kit includes eight doctor prescribed medications and a comprehensive guidebook for safely treating over 30 illnesses and infections like Covid, strep throat pneumonia, bronchitis, tick bytes, UTIs, and more. No doctor visits, no pharmacies, no copay. Every home should have at least one medical emergency kit. Head on over to urgent care kit.com/ben, answer a few questions online. Your kit will be delivered directly to your door. Use promo code Ben, get 45 bucks off right now. That's urgent care kit.com/ben. Enter promo code Ben. Again, that's urgent care kit.com/ben enter promo code Ben to get started at 45 bucks off when you use my promo code. Ben urgent care kit.com/ben enter promo code Ben and protect your family today. The smart way.


JD Vz had an excellent take on Tim Walls yesterday. Here's the Republican Vice presidential candidate doing the work. They make an interesting tag team because of course, Tim Waltz allowed rioters to Burna down Minneapolis in the summer of 2020. And then the few who got caught, Kamala Harris helped bail them outta jail. So it, it is more instructive for what it says about Kamala Harris, that she doesn't care about the border, she doesn't care about crime, she doesn't care about American energy, and most importantly, she doesn't care about the Americans who have been made to suffer under those policies. Hey, he's of course right about that. So what's the real reason? Because Tim Walls is a very vulnerable candidate. I mentioned this yesterday as a Republican, I was concerned that Kamala Harris was gonna make the smart move and choose Josh Shapiro.


It was gonna make her look moderate. It was going to give her a beard for her anti-Israel policies. It was going to bring wavering Jews back on board in some of the big swing states. There are a bunch of Jews who live in Pennsylvania, a bunch who live in Michigan, for example. And it was going to put a very popular Pennsylvania governor on the ticket with her, and instead she decided to go the other way. So why didn't she? Why didn't she? And the answer is because she is enthralled to the left wing of her party and she's part of it. Hey, deep down she agrees with the squad. Deep down the squad runs the party. The Democratic socialist of America basically claimed credit for sinking. Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, quote, Harris, choosing Walls is a running mate, has shown the world that DSA and our allies on the left are a force that cannot be ignored through collective action.


DSA and the US left more broadly have made it clear that change is needed. DSA members organized in our workplaces and unions to realign the labor movement to support Palestinian liberation. The uncommitted movement in which DSA members played crucial roles nationally and in multiple states pressured the democratic establishment into choosing a new candidate and backing down from a potential VP with direct ties to the IDF who would've ferociously supported the ongoing genocide in Palestine. Okay, so that is the Democratic Socialist of America claiming victory. Or for example, how about Jamal Bowman? Jamal Bowman, former congress person. He's still in Congress, but he lost his primary. So not for long. And he was, he hasn't been this excited about anything since October 7th.


Jamal Bowman, the congressman who's wildly pro Hamas, he's very pumped up about Tim Walls. It's waltz baby, let's go. High school teachers. Stand up. Public education. Stand up educators stand up. Young people stand up working class people stand up. It's waltz baby. Let's go. Tim Waltz in the building. Time to win in November, y'all, let's go all hands on deck. No, staying at home, let's go. That is a very excited person who hates Jews right there. And Jamal Bowman. Meanwhile, the rest of the left, very excited as well. Bernie Sanders is very excited because basically Tim Walls is just Bernie Sanders from Minnesota.


He comes from a rural state. He has been a champion of the working class. He's passed some very good legislation and at a time when we have massive levels of income and wealth inequality while, while 60% of our people live in paycheck to paycheck and the very, very rich are getting much richer, I think the American people want somebody who's gonna stand up for them and take on powerful special interests. And I think the Governor Walls is the person to do that. The radical left of the base, thrilled, absolutely thrilled. And we all know why. So there are still a couple of honest Democrats out there. Van Jones, I, I'm friends with Van. I think Van is a a i I disagree with him on a ton of stuff, but he's an actual honest interlocutor when it comes to politics.


Like he says, what's on his mind and he doesn't sugarcoat it. Here is Van Jones pointing out exactly why Tim Walls was picked rather than Josh Shapiro. He says, pretty ugly. Here's the challenge you've got in this party and you know people don't wanna talk about it. We gotta talk about it. On the one hand you have a a lot of young people who are concerned about, about Gaza. You have a lot of Muslims and Arabs and others. They have not felt seen by the Biden administration. You start hearing that genocide, Joe that was building, that was building. And so those folks needed to have a, a candidate that they could feel comfortable with. This helps them in that regard. But you also have antisemitism that has gotten marbled into this party. You can be for the Palestinians without being an anti-Jewish bigot, but there are some anti-Jewish bigots out there and there's some disquiet now and there has to be.


How much of what just happened is caving into some of these darker parts in the party? Yes, correct, of course. Well, van Jones is at least honest,


but you know what's dishonest, what the IRS does to you. If you're struggling with back tax or unfiled returns, they just wait and then they pounce on you. Handling this alone can be a huge mistake and cost you thousands of bucks in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions of dollars in back taxes regardless of the size of your tax issue. Their expertise will work to your Advantage Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance and settlement. Upon signing up Tax Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property procedures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're just missing records tax Network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now that tax season is over, they are coming to collect tax network. USS a can even help you with state tax issues for a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRSs take advantage of you. Get to help you need with Tax Network ussa.


Jake Tapper had the same experience on CNN or a bunch of members of his panel. Were like, it's not antisemitism. And he is like, well, it's a little bit about him being a Jew Josh Shapiro, isn't it? Just like a little bit. And I think ultimately Shapiro, I think fit is important, but I, you know, I I also think that when you look at the principle of do no harm, maybe they did say in a state like Minnesota, do we want to those a hundred thousand uncommitted voters who came out about the Gaza War, do we want to antagonize those voters? Those are all parts of part of the questions as well. One point on the, on the, on the Ga War, Shapiro has the same position on Israel.


That governor walls that, that Senator Kelly has. He's actually been more critical of Netanyahu than the other two. But he is Jewish and He's also the face of the crackdown on the protests, right? He spoke very vehemently about those campus protests as being anti-Semitic. Not all of them. The ones that were anti-Semitic, he criticized us being antisemitic of, He was out front on the issue. So I'm wondering if that's the kind of thing that, again, for the activist wing of the party sure, absolutely. They thought was a slap in the face. It's true. The activist wing of the party that loves Hamas, who was really pissed off by Josh Shapiro, that's of course what was happening. The, the dead giveaway, by the way, that this had to do with the fact that Josh Shapiro was Jewish, is that Medi Hassan, a perennial career liar paid by the government of Qatar.


He, he says that it was definitely not antisemitism Medi Hassan. I mean, it's one of the most, it's a one of the dumbest and most dangerous lies that we've heard from the Republicans in recent days. Obviously the call went out on one of a right wing WhatsApp group 'cause they're all doing it. Ari Fleischer, Newt Gingrich, they will be around Nikki Haley, Ted Cruz. They've all been piling in with it's antisemite. I think Eric Erickson said today, there's no Jews at the top of the Democratic Party allowed to, which Chuck Schumer responded news to me. And it's not just a Senate majority leader who is Jewish Democrat, by the way. All 10 Jewish senators in the United States Senate are Democrats. 24 of the 27 house members who are Jewish are Democrats. All four governors in America who are Jewish are Democrats. The Secretary of State, the Treasury Secretary, the Attorney General, the Homeland Security secretary, and the second gentleman are all Jewish Democrats.


So it's a nonsense slide. That's the Democratic Party's record. Well, no, actually, the lie is that a Jewish Zionist could be made vice president with a base made up of many Hassans. That is, that is the actual lie. Chuck Schumer can be the Senate minority leader or majority leader, so long as he's ramming through anti-Israel crap from Barack Obama and undermining the prime minister of the state of Israel. That's totally fine. Bernie Sanders can be as quote unquote Jewish as he wants to be, so long as he's as Jewish as a ham sandwich and as supportive of Israel as Jamal Bowman. That's the way this works. If you're willing to beard for the Democratic party, you can not only do they want you, they want you Jewish. If you can beard for the Democratic Party, which is precisely what Josh Shapiro intended on doing last night.


It was kind of a sad spectacle. It was a sad spectacle. So they finally got to this rally, and again, it's just sugarcoating a bad pill. It really is. And, and you can tell the media are trying to excite themselves about all of this. They're really trying to get themselves up. It's, there's, it turns out that Kamala Harris, who's a horrifyingly bad politician, is actually God's gift to politics. Did, did you know this according to the New York Times, Ms. Harris, a former prosecutor and more relevantly a black woman in the unrelenting spotlight of national politics. This is a, this is not a, a commentary, this is news coverage. A black woman in the unrelenting spotlight of national politics wears broad shoulder suits, pearls and heels, sometimes crisp chucks.


She marshals an arched brow, a studied hand flip, carefully curated sentences. That's one way to say nonsensical bull crap. Her wave is controlled. Her eyes always fixed on a distant point. Her movements smooth. Mr. Walls whose broad shouldered is often pictured in t-shirts, white hair, slightly rumbled if not hidden under a camo hat. Even when he wears a jacket and tie, he tends to look like, well, a flustered high school football coach, red faced as if he's about to drop a play on a dry erase board. But Mr. Wall's breakthrough over the past few weeks has also been Miss Harris's having struggled for years to get popular traction. She suddenly has the winds of democratic enthusiasm and hope at her backs as the New York Times long a mystery to even those who wanted to support her. Ms. Harris has become beloved for her big laugh, her dance move her mother's coconut metaphor.


Wow, she is beloved. Did you know that? Did you know she's beloved? Can can you taste the fake sugar? Can you taste, can you taste it? The air SATs sugar that it's dumping it all over. It's gonna give rats cancer the amount of fake sugar that they're putting on this campaign. We'll get into the fake sugar and put on the campaign. But first we have to actually talk about the sad, the sad departed tragedy of Josh Shapiro. So Josh Shapiro, in the last few weeks, he has softly tried to back into the bushes about his Zionism and his Judaism. He's, he's really tried to do his best. Sure he'll talk about his Judaism, but only in the very tikun Ola way that reconstructionists and reformed Jews like to talk before they go and vote against all Jewish values in favor of Barack Obama or Ilhan Omar or something.


So Josh Shapiro, he was just too Jewish. We know he was just a little too much Jew. I mean, he has the same last name that I do, no relation. And Josh Shapiro, he gives a speech last night. I mean that this has to suck. I mean, honestly, it really has to suck to be the person who wasn't chosen vp. And in your home city of Philadelphia, you are now expected to introduce the person who was chosen VP and the person who didn't choose you. This is like you're up for an Oscar and instead of just having somebody introduce best actress, you have one of the competitors who lost hand the award to one of the people who won. You have to feel a little bad for Josh Shapiro. The saddest part of all of this was, was Josh Shapiro talking about how proud he was of his faith. He cited pure Cavo, the ethics of the Fathers, a section of the oral Torah, the mishna to, to justify his support for a party that wants to trans the kids abortion up until point of birth radical redistribution and anti-Israel sentiment.


So slow clap for, for this guy who he tried his hardest to be a beard for the Democratic party. He's still trying. But you know what? No matter how hard you tried a beard, you can't be the VP too Jewish. I wanna just say this, I lean on my family and I lean on my faith, which calls me to serve. And I'm proud of my faith. Democratic party ain't proud of your faith, my friend. In fact, the more religious you are, the less they like you. They like that you're Jewish as long as you are willing to beard for them the minute you're not willing to beard for them anymore.


Well, that's a little awkward. And then Josh Shapiro, obviously a little bit, little bit run down by the week he starts to Howard Dean it, his voice is cracking. Well, you know, it's gotta be rough when you take many of your fundamental principles and you have to publicly walk them back in order to curry favor with a second rate. Dullard, gly, Kamala Harris, Are you ready to build an America where no matter what you look like, where you come from, who you love or who you pray to, that this will be a place for you. And are you ready to look the next president of the United States in the eye and say hello, madam President?


Oh boy. Wow. It's been a rough weekend for for Josh Shapiro. But don't worry, the joy is coming. We'll get to all the joy in just so much joy. Ugh, the joy, the unbelievable amounts of sweet, of, of, of sweet and low joy just being dumped on there. They got like a giant cement truck filled with sweet and low dumping it on the campaign. Just amazing, amazing stuff. We'll get to all of the NutraSweet Joy in just one second. First,


The Daily Wire is about to release its very first theatrical film. It's going to be a hilarious, rude awakening for the woke From, the white guys who brought you What is a Woman comes America's Next great question. Am I Racist only In theaters September 13th Matt Walsh went undercover in the belly of the DEIB surrounded by professional race baiters and diversity Grifters. Good news, they're dumb. So they actually fell for his gambit. He literally just wore a wig. I'm not even kidding. Watch the preview. Here's what you need to know right now. Presale tickets are available August 15th. Mark your calendars. That date is very important. Watch the trailer now@www.miracist.com. Get ready for a taste of comedy to DEI for to die for. Get, get it. Okay. Meanwhile,


So last night was the big event. Kamala Harris ushers onto stage Tim Walls. And when you talk about charisma and sheer magnetism, Tim Walls is the name of the game. Awkwardly walking around the stage, cheering the crowd behind him like the football coach that he is. Ed Asner, Don Rickles. I mean these are the names that come to mind when you see this sort of just animal charisma. Absolutely. And, and so, oh my gosh, the enthusiasm, the joy, the sheer joy, the aspartame, the sucralose, the stevia of joy. Can you feel all of it? Here was Kamala Harris walking on stage with Tim Walls and everyone is so excited. Ugh. Now I gotta tell you, it's amazing how the media just fall for this crap.


Seriously. Like the people you mean they went on stage at a rally filled with their supporters and their supporters were excited. No, you shock me, but here we go. So much excitement. You could feel it. You can feel so much excitement for this terrible vice presidential candidate and the obscure governor of Minnesota who's done such a bad job that his people are fleeing in droves. Good Evening Philadelphia. Ah, so much joy. Feel the joy. Feel it. It's, oh, okay.


So Kamala Harris introduces Tim Walls by making fun of JV JD Vance. She suggests that Tim Walls is varsity and JD Vance is JV squad. Listen to she that she's so bad at this. I mean she can't even deliver a joke and she's fine when she's on teleprompter, but anytime there's supposed to be any actual joy or spontaneity or laughter, she just can't do it. It's super awkward. Some might say it's like it's a matchup between the varsity team and the JV squad. What an amazing line. By the way, last time a Democrat called somebody the JV squad, it was Barack Obama calling ISIS the JV squad.


They then took over half the Middle East. So, and a slow clap there. But of course the online minions immediately wins work. And it was JV vans Get it. Instead of JD Vans. It's JV vans, first of all cannot wait for the debate between JD Vans and Tim Walls. I cannot wait for it. I am there for it. I wanna hear Tim Walls defend why he allowed Minneapolis to Burna to the ground on his watch. I wanna hear Tim Walls defend increasing taxes, a loss of population failure across the board of Minnesota. Like please, let's do this thing. Okay, so then Walls gets up there and listen, I'll give it to him. He's got the high school coach routine going pretty well. It's a nice little, it's a nice little bit really like he's not horrible at it. He's not dull as ditch water. Like Tim Kane was with Hillary Clinton, he's kind of amusing.


He's got this Midwestern populace thing going. He is got, he's, he's rolling and he's grooving and here he was thanking Kamala Harris for bringing back, wait for it. You're not gonna believe the word he's gonna use here. You're not. It's joy. I know, I know. He's bringing back the, she's bringing back the joy. 'cause when you think of Kamala Harris is crazed laughter. When you think of Kamala Harris isn't the first word that comes to mind. Just the sheer joy of living. You know, it's like you and your family on a picnic and a park, a waterfall in the distance. It's just joy. It's like butterflies and rainbows. Kamala Harris here is so much joy. Now what he means by joy is she can breathe. Joe Biden's been dead, but it doesn't matter. This is the new campaign, the campaign of joy and laughter and unicorns running through the meadows accompanied by fairies.


Here we go. Tim Walls, Thank you Madam Vice president for the trust you put in me. But maybe more so thank you for bringing back the joy. Are you feeling the joy? You know that 20% inflation over the course of the last few years, the Middle East completely on fire, a breakdown in the social fabric. A president of the United States who she covered up for for years and continues to cover up for today, who's completely incompetent. Can you feel that joy? Do you feel it deep in your bones? Right? Is this a joyous time? Are mo do most Americans feel like this is like a joyful time in America? Are you getting that feeling? 'cause this is what they're trying to sell you. And again, ain't that much stevia in the world to cover this thing over?


Ain't that much monk fruit extract available on planet Earth to gloss this one. And then we got into the actual content of what Tim Walls had to say. So he talks about how he was a public school teacher and don't underestimate teachers. I mean, I don't know, some teachers are good and some teachers kind of suck. I mean there's, there's that and we'll talk about his education record in Minnesota in a moment. But it wasn't, wasn't great. Actually here's here he is. Don't underestimate by, by the way, when he says don't underestimate teachers. What he means is let's pay Randy Weinert in the American Federation of Teachers billions of dollars. That's what he means. Can't wait for all of you in America to get to know my incredible wife Gwen. A 29 year public school educator.


Don't ever underestimate teachers. What does that even mean? Don't underestimate teachers. I mean, again, it depends on the teacher I would assume. Don't ever underestimate bicyclists, by the way, how did he perform in terms of education? Not amazing. As you can see, the per pupil spending, inflation adjusted, skyrocketed under Tim Walls. Meanwhile, math proficiency radically declined from 2018 on and reading proficiency also radically declined under Tim Walls. So he did an amazing job. Don't underestimate teachers, particularly ones paid by Tim Walls. Also, he mentioned his delightful wife a moment ago, which brings her to the forefront because here is a clip that we have of his delightful wife.


This is back in 2020 when Minneapolis was burning to the ground and she talks in pretty Karen terms here about what it's like to really enjoy the smell of burning tires. Reminding her from her palatial estate over here of just how important America's history and legacy of evil racism is. Those first days, you know, when there were riots, I could smell the burning tires and that was, that was a very real thing. And I kept the windows open for as long as I could because I felt like that was such a touchstone of what was, what was happening.


Well that's weird and very white of you. So you, you know, just, just to keep in touch with the people. You smell the city burning and then you let it Burna. 'cause that's what people mostly want in their neighborhoods, is for the governor's wife to let the city completely Burna down. 'cause when you smell those burning towers, that's where you love the smell of burning tires in the morning. Just, I'm sorry that didn't, that ain't great. That's not a lot of sympathy for, you know, the actual people who live in those neighborhoods. But don't worry, according to Tim, well crime is up under Donald Trump. Donald Trump is responsible for crime. Nevermind the fact that Trump skyrocketed in 2020 because of Tim Walls and the city of Minneapolis and St. Paul, Trump weakens our economy to strengthen his own hand.


He mocks our laws, he sows chaos and division and that's to say nothing of his record as president, he froze in the face of the Covid crisis. He drove our economy into the ground. And make no mistake, violent crime was up under Donald Trump. In your city, in your city. Here is a chart of crime in Minnesota and here is what it looked like. Didn't look great, Bob. He takes over in 2018 and crime begins to increase.


The United States rate continues to decrease. It goes a little bit up in 2020 and then spikes back down. His, however, saw a 9.1% increase from 2018 to 2022. So when he is lecturing, all of us about crime recognize that it was Tim Walls who's making room for the crime in the name of racial justice. Here he was in 2020 showing sympathy for people who are committing the crime of tearing down statues. This happened to be a Christopher Columbus statue and here he was talking about the magic of tearing down Christopher Columbus statues. Don't worry, he's a moderate mid-westerner. It was an act of civil disobedience that we need to make sure people feel that there is a proper outlet to address what are legitimate concerns around what they view as as a genocidal monument that they have to walk to in their democracy Genocidal monument.


I didn't realize the monuments commit genocide, but there you have it Also, the notion that Christopher Columbus committed a genocide is absolutely asinine on a historical level, disease is not a genocide. That is not the way that works. Also, speaking of crime, it was Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, who has supported efforts to turn his home state into a sanctuary state while also backing other stances that cater to undocumented immigrants, including full scale healthcare and college education for illegal immigrants. In his state. Don't worry, he's very much against crime. He's a moderate, you see, he's a moderate Tim Walls. And this is why when you look at all this, you think to yourself, why would she pick somebody like this? I mean, listen to all these lines of vulnerability for Tim Walls and JD Van's gonna tear 'em up. We all know why she picked Tim Walls and she didn't pick Josh Shapiro us pointing us out.


It doesn't. We're not the crazy ones. We can all see the thing in front of us.


Dental One Associates redefine what it means to visit the dentist. Get top quality, personalized support from committed experts that prioritize the wellbeing and satisfaction of you and your family care is centered on a highly personalized treatment plan backed by the trust and support of long lasting relationships. Find out how you can make an appointment for a custom smile design experience by visiting doa siriusxm.com. Meanwhile,


Tim Walls, his vulnerabilities don't end there. In the middle of this rally, he started suggesting the Republicans, they're, they're all up in your biz natch. They're all up in your business that that is their thing they're up in. Now, what he means by this is the Republicans don't want you to kill unborn babies. That, that, that, that's a big problem. He says, they're up in your business mind, your own business says Tim Walls as we'll Explain in a moment. No one has minded his own business less than Governor Tim Walls. Some of us in here are old enough to remember, I see you down there. I see those old white guys. Some of us are old enough to remember When it was Republican said, white guys we're Talking about freedom.


It turns out now what they meant was the government should be free to invade your doctor's office. In Minnesota, we respect our neighbors and their personal choices that they make. Harris, even if we wouldn't Harris make the same choice for ourselves. There's a golden rule. Mind your own damn business. That's right. What Democrats are most focusing on is minding your own business, except for how they want to control your actual business. They want to control your actual livelihood. They want to control how you raise your family. If you don't trans your kids, obviously you're a great center.


And according to Minnesota Governor Tim Wall's administration in March, 2020, they actually created a snitch hotline encouraging people to call on their neighbors if they weren't following the government's covid lockdown orders that hotline. According to The, Daily, Wire generated thousands of reports against people playing basketball, walking their dogs, or attending church according to local outlet. Alpha News, in 2022 Wall's, administration continued to monitor the hotline until November of 2020. In one example of a complaint, someone alerted authorities to a church service that was not following Tim Wall's legal requirements. People also called enlist of non-essential businesses that remained open or didn't strictly follow government masking requirements. Mind your own damn business says Tim Walls as he asks you to snitch on your neighbor.


After all, this is the same guy who said socialism is neighborliness. Does that make sense? You know, it's, it's just neighborliness when you snitch on your neighbor and get them fined by the state government for the great crime of going to church. But you have to mind your own damn business when it comes to abortion law. Solid stuff by, by the way, his, his abor, his covid policy was such unbelievably insane Marxist nonsense. According to Aaron Siberian under Tim Walls, Minnesota's Health Department rationed lifesaving CO drugs based on race. Bipoc status earned more points than hypertension in the state's allocation system. Meaning if you are black or if you are a person of color, it earned the same amount of points as age BMI, diabetes and kidney disease under Tim Walls.


Don't worry though, mind your own damn business. But in the end, what, what Tim Walls is really about is Minnesota nice. That's really what he's about. He's about being just a kind of ular gentleman from the Midwest, the kind of person who you'd wanna have a beer with, although he doesn't drink anymore since the DUI, he's, he's the kind of person you'd wanna hang out with, the kind of person who, who would never make a scummy disgusting joke about a political opponent simply for, you know, cheap, partisan purposes, which is precisely what he did last night. And I gotta tell you, I can't wait to debate the guy that is, if you, if he's willing to get off the couch and show up. So That's Kamala Harris laughing and the crowd laughing.


Why are they laughing? You ask, he says this. See what I did there? Don Rickles? Don Rickles smile. Oh, scratching. Okay. That is the disgusting smear, of course, that JD Van supposedly copulate with a couch, a smear that was started in X World, on Twitter, and then metastasized to fact checks. And then because he became a meme, now he gets to make jokes about that. Now, imagine that Donald Trump made the same joke about Kamala Harris or Tim Walls for that matter. And this is a, this is a cheap and easy game to play. Mary Catherine Ham had this exactly right, Mary Catherine tweeted, slandering someone based on a bleep post is indeed propagating misinformation and really bad behavior. And it would be a, this is very bad story. Instead of a Republicans are complaining story, if I made a concerted effort to go on TV and imply that Governor Walls f to traffic cone.


Yes, yes, I know you're a prude Who can't take a joke If you point out that telling lies about a public figure, f-ing an inanimate object is bad in juvenile. And it's such a fun trick because the public figure can't defend against it without elevating it into basing it themselves. And she said, all the misinformation reporters can go f traffic cones. That is exactly right. That is exactly right. But you know, it's okay because it's all part of the broader attempt to use the other democratic keyword these days, which is weird. So here is Tim Walls, who is a creepy weirdo talking about how the Republicans are creepy weirdos. We'll get to his own creepy weirdness in just a second. Pointing out just an observation of mine that I I that I made, I just have to say it. You know it, you feel it. These guys are creepy and yes, just weird as hell.


That's what you see. That's what you see. They're creepy and weird as hell. You know, I, I think that your definition of weird and creepy is, is wrong. I do not think those words mean what you think they mean. Tim Walsey, when I think weird and creepy, I think of you gallivanting around with drag queens and small children, you know, at actual legislative signings. That's what I think of. As you can see, we have a wonderful group here again today. And the purpose of being here is we've been signing a lot of bills. We've been welcoming we neighbors back into their communities by making sure we're restoring voting rights to folks. All of the resources and the power invested in the Office of Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the state of Minnesota is there to make sure that your children and your families are protected, are respected, are able to make the choices so that you can live that very authentic life that is only truly yours.


You have our commitment today, and this executive order we're signing will reaffirm state law. It will refocus state agencies on that, and it will make sure that Minnesota's place as a welcoming, loving, neighborly state where you are welcome and will be free of persecution or anything else that we're trying to see in some other states in this state. Those things don't hold anything. He's standing alongside 12-year-old boys who believe they're girls and radical trans activists to sign into law, a law that would make Minnesota a trans refuge state, which, for example, provides tampons in the boys' bathroom. Not weird and creepy at all to provide tampons in, in first grade bathrooms for boys.


Not, not strange at all. One month earlier before that, the Democrats signed an executive order protecting gender affirming care in Minnesota, including puberty, blocker surgeries, and hormone therapy for minors. So, NN not weird and creepy, just normal, you know, totally, totally normal. Now, Kamala Harris catering to this part of her base, she's trying to, she's trying to have it both ways. She knows the media is gonna do all the hard lifting for her, that they, they're going to pretend that Tim Walls is a moderate or that she's a moderate, even as they run the most left wing candidacy in the history of the American Republic. They have to do that. They have to do that because she's afraid of losing her base. And she's not going to run as a moderate, both because ideologically she's not a moderate, and, and also because it's just not credible.


Now, the problem for her is this, it turns out most Americans, they actually do not like the radicalism. They're not fond of the radicalism. They don't like it at all. Which is why in a bit of good news yesterday, Cory Bush has now lost her Missouri House primary to Wesley Bells. This makes the second member of the Proma squad to have lost a congressional seat. In the last month and a half, Jamal Bowman lost his congressional seat, overwhelmingly to George Latimer in New York. And Wesley Bell, Wesley Bell clocked Cory Bush, who beyond hating Jews in Israel, has also effectively violated campaign finance law by paying her husband to be her security consultant for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Allegedly, he, he beat her by a lot.


Her opponent, according to the Washington Post, was backed by apac. Now, of course, she was losing already to Bell before APAC got into the race. By the end of June, bell had four times as much cash on hand as Bush. And this, of course has now radicalized co bush. This is one of my favorite kind of notions. I I really do love it. It's one of my favorite things. So when we talk about terrorists, what the left will say is, if you're really mean to terrorists, it makes them even more terrorists. Don't you understand? If you fight Hamas, you're just creating more Hamas? Or maybe they were already Hamas. I don't know. It seems to me that if you were already identifying with the Terror Group, me killing more terrorists, can't make you identify any more with the Terror Group. But Cory Bush actually tried this one out herself. So she loses her primary, and then she's like, well, now I'm radicalized.


Now I really, really, really hate Jews in apac. Now you, you know, you thought I hated 'em before. Now I hate 'em so much more. Maybe this is why you shouldn't be in Congress, lady, Because see, I don't have to some strings that I have attached it as much as I love my job, but all they did was radicalize me. And so now they be afraid. See, now they about to see this other Cory, this other side, because I, because lemme say this, I just grew up a whole lot more over the last few weeks. Then let me say it's because the work that I need to do, and let me say this apac, I'm coming to tear your kingdom down.


Oh, it's delicious. Oh, it's delicious. So she goes down to flaming defeat. And the Democratic Party's like, how do we, how do we actually draw her constituents? How do we cater to them? It's a brilliant move. The only way the Democrats can possibly get away with it is with the compliance of a pathetic media. And thankfully for the Democrats, that's exactly what they have. The compliance of an absolutely pathetic media. As I said before, we're now on day 18 of Zero Questions asked to Kamala Harris. We are nearly three weeks into her campaign, zero questions asked. All right, in just a second, we'll bring you the updates from the Middle East. Hamas has been having a very rough time of it. First they lost their political leader and then they lost their congresswoman from Missouri. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Pick those. Growing up, never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Ain't gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes, this country is a piece of shit.


White folks. Trash White. White supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or what? Or black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never been too careful. They racist in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


Our friends over at Legacy Box offer a simple and safe solution for digitizing all your memories. Do you know where that old box of home movies is? Have you checked to make sure it isn't in an environment that's too hot or too damp? All of that old media breaks down over time, and if not, preserved will be lost forever. But with Legacy boxes save your tape sale. You can easily access those memories and protect them forever for only $9 a tape. The process is Simple. Load Legacy Box with your old tapes, films, and pictures, and then their team professionally digitizes everything by hand. Right here in the USA, you'll get everything back on a thumb drive or cloud ready to watch, along with your originals. With Legacy Box, you don't have to worry about your grandparents' wedding photos getting destroyed in storage or that videotape of your child's first haircut. Getting Overheated Legacy Box allows you to store all those precious memories for generations to come. Don't let the summer's heat age your videotapes and film reels or fade your photos. Visit legacy box.com/ DailyWire to shop their $9 tape sale. That's legacy box.com/ DailyWire to unlock this incredible offer.