
At the Alzheimer's Association, walk to End Alzheimer's, walking means so much more. It means fighting for a different future, for families facing the disease today, for treatments. Because when you take part in walk to end Alzheimer's, you're not just walking, you're fighting to stop the disease. We're closer than ever. But to get there, we need you. Join us for the world's largest fundraiser to fight the disease. Register today at az.org/walk.


Well, today is the big day for Democrats. The DNC is beginning, no, not the d and c. They might be doing D and Cs at the DNC, but no, I, I'm talking about like the Democratic National Convention, not dilation and securage, the abortion procedure, which by the way, they are in fact providing free at the DNC. So that is very exciting news. We begin with the poll recaps. Right now, Kamala Harris seems to be holding a small but steady lead nationally in a variety of polls. She is up currently on Donald Trump in the Washington Post, a BC Ipsos poll by about 4% there. There's another poll from CBS News that shows her up about 3% overall.


Right now she's leading in the national polling according to the real clear politics polling average by about a point and a half. So this is still a very, very close raise in the five-way average, still about a point and a half. If you take a look at the Battleground states, she's currently leading, according to the real clear politics, polling average in Wisconsin, she's dead, even in Pennsylvania, she's leading by two in Michigan. Now remember, she wins those three states. She wins the election. It's over. So what that means is that Donald Trump is gonna have to have a bump post the convention. So you can imagine that Kamala Harris will get a little bit of a bump from the convention. Not much of one, because honestly, it's been such a golden honeymoon period since they took Joe Biden out back and threw him over a cliff that I'm not sure how much room she has to grow post-convention.


But they're gonna try and spread the feeling of joy, the feeling of joy, and that feeling of joy is deeply reliant, of course, on her never ever answering a series of difficult questions. Now, over the weekend, she did answer one question, so I'm gonna hesitantly moving the calendar a little bit 'cause she answered one question kinda, and we'll take a look at that in just a moment. But overall, has she sat for like a serious interview? Has she done a full scale, actual long form Disquisition on her position? She has not. So that brings us to day 30. That's correct. She made it a full month. Congratulations to Kamala Harris. An amazing campaign rollout. A campaign rollout. So amazing that we are now on day 30 of her never having to answer for her policies.


The campaign thus far has been completely reliant on supposed good feelings. And I say supposed because I'm about you, but this stuff is incredibly grating to me when I'm being told that it's just joy. It's all joy and happiness and joy. I just wanna vomit. I just wanna vomit because politics as somebody who does it professionally, does not typically bring me joy. And the reason it doesn't bring me joy is 'cause joy is relegated to the other parts of my life. You know, the parts where I have children and I have a wife and I have a community, and I have things that I enjoy doing. I do not feel joy when I see a politician. I do not feel joy when I see Kamala Harris dancing around like a clown with Tim Walls. I, I don't feel the warms and the fuzzies when I see Tim Walls handing Kamala Harris a bag of Doritos.


But that's what they're running on. So over the weekend, the big clip that went viral from the Wahls campaign, the Wahls Harris campaign, was not, in fact Kamala Harris answering questions as we'll. See, when she tried to answer one question, it didn't go amazing. The clip that they want to go viral is he gave her a bag of Doritos. 'cause she's just like normal people. We're now us weekly politicians. They're just like you and me. Hey, now, first of all, the chance that Kamala Harris got on that bus and ate those Doritos, zero, but it doesn't matter because they're just, they went to a convenience store together. 'cause they're just the regular folk. Here we go, Tim Walls and Kamala Harris experiencing the joy together, Where you see corn nuts over there, Tim give It, you see corn nuts?


No, that's, and he gives her Doritos. So that would be a no nuts. I like the she for corn nuts. He gives her Doritos and she's like, okay, Tim, that's, that's great. She, she's amazing at this. Remember, she is a historically good candidate, according to a media that simultaneously refused to hold her to account for actually never answering for any of her trash policy positions. And there's a reason they don't wanna hold her accountable because the minute that she gets off script, man, she is a full scale disaster area. If Donald Trump says that she's not particularly bright, she ain't particularly bright. Here was Kamala Harris trying to explain the power of the significance of the passage of time and democracy. Man, this lady, I swear she is a fourth grader who didn't read the school assignment and has now been asked to write a 500 word essay, and it's all gonna be one run on sentence.


Our election is about understanding the importance of this beautiful country of ours in terms of what we stand for around the globe as a democracy. The hell Is As a democracy, we know there's a duality to the nature of democracy. Duality on the one hand, incredible strength when it is intact. What it does for its people to protect and defend their rights, their liberty and their freedom. Incredibly strong and incredibly fragile. Like a bird, like a little a bird, you know, on the one hand, so strong, like a powerful champion.


And on the other hand, so Fragile Sparrow, you could crush. She's so terrible. She said, okay, fine. So at one point she did step off the bus and somebody, this is why I was a little hesitant on the calendar. She was asked one question. The one question was, your economic policies make no sense, madam, do you have any answer? Her answer is that she is going to explain to you the power of essential oils in the form of a pyramid scheme. Here we go. She just says, return on investment a lot. Okay? Now, if you've ever had somebody knock on your door and try to get you involved in a, in a pyramid scheme or an MLM, Kamala Harris is a political MLM saleswoman. That's what she is. She has no idea what in the f she's talking about.


Like none at all. So she just says, I like return on investment. Return on investment over and over and over again. Because the more that you say it, the more it becomes real. As every great investor knows, that's what Warren Buffett does. Instead of checking the fundamentals of a company, he brings in a spokesperson. If the spokesperson says return on investment enough times in a row, he just tosses a billion dollars with them. A Kamala Harris, she knows a lot about return on investment. I mean, actually she knows nothing about return on investments and she's never run a business. But if you run a business, you need the best employee she can get an actual return on your investment.


Here at The Daily Wire, we've hired a lot of highly skilled people to be part of this growing creative powerhouse. Editors, attorneys, engineers, you name it, like Fabiola. Fabiola started with us almost four years ago from traveling with me all over the world to handling wardrobe and much more. And also to maybe, maybe killing my enemies. Thanks to Fabiola, I've been able to continue creating thousands of leftist tears every day. Alright, that's enough feelings for one day. The facts are, if you're looking for amazing hires like Fabiola and her team of assassins and our entire Daily Wire team, you need to go to ZipRecruiter where it's smart technology excels at finding top talent for all your roles, fast ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the very first day today. You can try it for free at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Once again, that ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire, again, Kamala Harris has no idea what return on investment means, but you run a business. So you do, which is why you need the best employees. Check out ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily Wire, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash


Here's Kamala Harris explaining why we should spend trillions of dollars on her trash economic policies. You unveiled your some economic policies Last week. Yeah. Can You explain how you're gonna pay for those and can you give us a sense of what other policies you wanna unveil going Forward? It's an actual kind of real question. You Just look at it in terms of what we are talking about, for example, around children and the child tax credit and extending the EITC, that is, it's at $6,000 for the first year of a child's life. The return on that investment in terms of what that will do and what it will pay for will be tremendous. We've seen it when we did it the first year of our administration reduced, we reduced child poverty by over 50%. So that's a lot of the work.


And then what we're doing in terms of the tax credits In terms of, we know that there's great return On investment when we increase home ownership in America, More return investment. What that means in terms of increasing the Tax base in terms of that's much of property tax. What that does to fund schools, again, return on investment, I Think it's oh 300 investment. A mistake for any person who talks about public policy to not critically evaluate how you measure the return on investment when you are strengthening neighborhoods, strengthening communities, and in particular the economy of those communities and investing in a broad-based economy. Everybody benefits, Everybody benefits see lots of hand motions. Three in terms of, and four returns on investment. Now that's the kind of stuff economic magic is made of.


Wow. I, I feel so much better about the idea of price controls. I feel so much better about the idea of just throwing money at everyone that won't actually change the interest rates or anything. It'll be fine. Everything will be good. All the inflation rates the same. My goodness. This is why they can never let her off the bus. This is why they have to take her off the bus, put her inside some sort of convenience store, throw her bag of Doritos and have her dance around while smiling. And then just shout joy. And if you don't feel the joy, the logical beatings will continue. The logical beatings will continue until you feel more joy. Do you feel the joy? Do you, do you feel the joy?


This campaign is a forced march. It is mouth long march over here. Okay? But tonight we are going to get the unity. The unity, so much unity at the Democratic National Convention. Now, as we'll discuss in a moment, they're going to attempt to obscure the fact that they took the actual president of the United States and the actual nominee outback and beheaded him politically. They're going to, they're going to make, try to make you forget that they put him in hospice care and shot him up with a little too much morphine just to kind of, you know, ease his pain, ease his passing. They're gonna forget about all that. They're gonna give him the gold watch. They'll wheel out his corpse and then they'll toss him out the back door. That's the big first night of the DNC. But we've already had some indicators of what the DNC is going to look like.


I was not joking when I said you can get a free abortion at the DNC according to the New York Post. Attendees at the DNC in Chicago will have the opportunity to get a free abortion or vasectomy just blocks away from the event. And vasectomy appointments are filling up fast. Now listen, don't let me get in the way of you democratic men sterilizing yourselves. I mean, if this is what you choose to do, then let me not be the obstacle to you removing further generations of your family line idiots. But Planned Parenthood great rivers, which serves most. Imagine that you are the kind of person who goes to A DNC to get a vasectomy. Imagine that. That's your life. You can wake up in the morning one day. Again, I wanna go to the DNC.


Why Bob? Well, 'cause I need somebody to tie off my spermatic cord. Okay, well that's, yeah, well that, that's a, that's a choice. You're making Planned Parenthood great rivers, which serves most of Missouri and part of southern Illinois is sending a mobile health center to the Windy City's West Loop to offer reproductive services on Monday and Tuesday. Medication abortions are reportedly available on both days. I mean, it ain't a party unless you're passing out the abortion pills, as we all know. Pretty special. Plus, in addition to the mobile clinic, another group called Americans for Contraception is going to erect an 18 foot tall inflatable intrauterine device. Or IUD named Frida Womb. Get it? 'cause they're freeing the womb of babies.


That's, that's that. They're freeing the womb. By the way, idolatry takes many forms. That's a weird one. Your giant idol of an IUD is sort of strange. I mean the services will be provided on a sliding fee scale. Pay what you can get the healthcare you need according to the appointment reservation form. So exciting. So you're gonna fight the the cat lady meme by erecting an 18 foot intrauterine device and providing free vasectomies and abortions to people. Don't worry, it's the Republicans who are weird. Don't worry guys. It's Republicans who are weird. It's Democrats who are Don dressing up as the abortion pill in the streets of Chicago. It's Republicans who are weird. Also, there might be some social unrest this week in Chicago.


And


as social unrest escalates in crime rates climb, securing the safety of your family is more crucial than ever. I'm about as pro Second Amendment as it gets the thought of using lethal force in my house. I mean, if I've got an alternative, I'll use it, which is why I have burnout. Introducing the burnout un gunn, the non-lethal self-defense platform. Lightweight and simple to use it. Use an easy to load five round magazine. It's powered by an eight gram CO2 cartridge burn. Launchers fire, a 68 caliber chemical fill projectile using patented pull pierce technology where the CO2 canister is only punctured on the first trigger pull. That means your launcher is always at the ready. It's capable of incapacitating an attacker for over 30 minutes. It's accurate and effective at over 60 feet. It requires no permits, no background checks. It is interstate travel friendly. With Berna, you will be prepared to defend. And Berna is a safe or more sensible alternative that could potentially save lives on both sides, protecting both the user and the aggressor. Visit berna.com/ Ben for 10% off your purchase. That's BYR na.com/ Ben. Check out the latest news about bya, that's BYR na.com/ Ben by.com/ Ben. Get 10% off your purchase.


Meanwhile, the actual schedule for the DNC lineup, are you ready? It's gonna be so great. Monday is called for the people, ironically for the people involved talking to the person who is de fenestrated because he got all of the Democratic votes in the primaries. So for the people by, for the people they mean for not the people. 'cause literally no one voted for Kamala Harris ever, ever in the history of presidential politics. At no time. Won zero votes in the presidential primaries of 2020, won zero votes in the presidential primaries of 2024. And yet here she is, magic and joy and return on interest in, in terms of, and in terms of, so Monday is called for the people.


Do you feel it? Do you feel the joy? So Joe Biden and Dr. Jill, the actual president of the United States will speak along with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. I love, they're just shuttling Hillary to Monday night. Like, okay, everybody on the stage who we hate and want to go away. Hillary Clinton, come on up. There'll also be a welcome from Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson, who has also locked all of the medicine cabinets at the CVSs locally to make sure that nobody steals all of the medications. Things are going great in Chicago. So that is on Monday. Tuesday is a bold vision for America's future. And this will be bringing up former President Obama because when I think forward, I think the president who left office in 2016 also, apparently Michelle Obama is going to speak as well because she's a black woman and that means that she must speak.


And they're also having second gentleman, Doug Emh speak, but not the nanny. And there will be a welcome from rotund Illinois, governor JB Pritzker, who will be lowered into the convention hall by Crane. Wednesday is a fight for our freedoms. A fight for our freedoms will be led by vice presidential nominee. Tim Walls who shut down the entire state of Minnesota for covid and also for fun and rioting, because that's what I think of what I think of freedom. But what they really mean is freedom to oop, that's, that's what they mean. Proceeded by former President Clinton, who very much is into the freedom to stu. That's like his thing, man. Speaker emerita, Nancy Pelosi and transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg will be there too, by the way. You gotta feel for the other members of the, of the Biden cabinet.


Seriously, you have to feel for them. I mean their, their big sin, of course is not being gay. That's a huge problem. I love the Pete Buttigieg, maybe the most incompetent member of an incredibly incompetent cabinet. They're like, you know what, that guy, he's getting a primetime speech on Wednesday. Why? Well, he does like dudes. I mean that, that's, that's a, that's a pretty rich resume right there. That dude is very into the dudes. He must speak. They're like, wait, but he's the transportation secretary. Haven't we had like more transportation failures over the course of the last three and a half years than any time in modern American history? The answer to your question is yes. Wait, didn't that guy go on paternity leave for like two months and nobody even noticed 'cause he was so incompetent. The answer to that one is also yes, but does like the dudes again, like you're just imagine that you are Gina Raimondo or something and you are a member of the Biden cabinet.


You're the Secretary of Commerce and you're like, why? Why don't I get to speak? Well, I mean Gina, you are straight. So that's gonna be a no on that Thursday is for our future. Harris accepts the conventions nomination for president. So boy is it gonna be a cavalcade of stars. So much unity, so much other speakers will include Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer, who will be pitching his new book Antisemitism, how I did It, and House Democratic Leader, Hakeem Jeffries. Also, I love this former President Carter's grandson, Jason Carter is expected to speak on behalf of his grandfather who said he hopes to stay li alive long enough to vote for Kamala Harris. Great. I mean you bring up Spectors of the past like Jimmy Carter, it's going amazing.


So the stairs at the delegate entrance will say history is in your hands. A quote from Biden's Oval Office address July 24th, which is just after he was thrown off a moving train. As delegates arrive on Monday ahead of the Biden speech, digital signage in the United Center will say history is in your hands and spread the faith. And by spread the faith, by the way, they do not mean like Christianity or anything biblically related. Spread the faith means 18 foot statues valued. That's what that means. So there's gonna be so much unity. Are you excited? And tonight, of course it leads off with a tribute to the the dearly departed Joe Biden. They're gonna wheel his body onto stage in its sarcophagus.


His mouth will move for a bit and then he will stumble off the stage and everyone will treat him as though he's cincin ATUs who is leaving his leadership position in order to go back to his farm. He's George Washington, leaving off his leadership of the Continental Army to go back to Mount Vernon. That is, that is Joe Biden. When in reality what happened to Joe Biden is that they came up behind him at Ford's theater and put two in the back of the political head. That's what actually happened to Joe Biden And. everybody knows it and they're all pretending. So tonight we're gonna get pretend night. They give him the honorary gold watch after 50 years of service, and then they shuttle him off somewhere quiet to Shady Lane in order to live out his final remaining years being presided over by Dr.


Jill Biden, who will occasionally take his pulse and bore him to death with stories about community college while he sleeps on a beach in Republic Beach, Delaware. By the way, he's still the president. Just gonna point that out. Still the president all the way until January. So while they wheel out this dead person and say we couldn't have him. I mean, look at him. He is dead. That dude is still the president and is still presumably leading the country. It's gonna be amazing. Even Maureen Dowd over at the New York Times, like by the way, they cooed that guy out. Yes, yes they did. I know we're supposed to stop talking about that. But Kamala Harris is the current nominee because she cooed out the guy in front of her. That is what happened. Now, you may like it. You may think it's smart politics. It is smart politics, by the way. Doesn't mean it's not pretty squirrels.


Turns out it is a little squirrels to wait until the dude wins the entire nominating process. He had no one run against him could run against him. No one ran against him. And then they just took that nomination and picked it up from him after he failed in debate against Donald Trump. And then they handed it directly to her. And then they said that she is such a wonderful and joyous candidate that she didn't even need to run. That's how great she is. She didn't even need to run. That's how good she is. Maureen Dos says, we head to Chicago on a wave of euphoria, exuberance, exultation, excitement, and even you might say ecstasy. She got very into the alliteration right there. It's gonna be a glorious coronation except that everybody's mad at one another. Yeah, this is the dirty secret. Top. Democrats are bristling with resentment even as they're about to try to put on a united front at the United Center in the windy city, a cory of powerful Democrats maneuvered behind the scenes to push an incumbent president outta the race.


It wasn't exactly as Julius Caesar in Rehoboth Beach, but it was a tectonic shift. And of course there were going to be serious reverberations even though it was the right thing to do because Joe Biden was not gonna be able to campaign much less service president for another four years and a fully vital way. It was a jaw, a jaw dropping pooch. She is correct. How could Biden not be hurt that the Democratic convention went from four days of sitting Shiva as James Carville put it to a joyful romp with Kamala ato. The ticket Democrat after Democrat, who had been close to Biden before conspiring push him out, had to confess to cable anchors. They had not been able to talk to the president who was sulking in his tent party. Leaders whitewashed the coup by Ornately extolling Biden. James Gladin told CNN Biden had a record. No president of the United States could ever match.


Pelosi proposed that Biden's face should be carved on Mount Rushmore Despite, the grandiose flattery Joe, Joe and Hunter were not fooled or appeased. That is true. That is true. All the talk about how there is going to be a big kumbaya moment here. I don't know if it's gonna go quite that way, but they're gonna try and paper it over with a bunch of false joy. So you have Jen Psaki, former press secretary for Joe Biden and Amy Klobuchar who likes to throw binders at her staff suggesting that they're shedding tears of joy over Jo. There will be tears of joy tonight for Joe Biden. I mean the tears of joy that he's not your nominee. Because if you're a nominee, you'd be losing right now. And instead you decided to put up a diverse cipher of whom zero questions will be asked and zero questions will be answered.


'cause every time she answers a question, she sounds like somebody who stumped her face on a brick when she was two years old. Well, the media have no problem being sexually titillated by the Harris Walls campaign, but dudes, have you ever heard of Rose Sparks? This dual action prescription merges the powerhouse ingredients found in generic Viagra and Cialis, sildenafil and tadalafil into one formidable treatment. It's not merely about the ingredients in the medication, it's how you're taking it. That's why Rose Sparks are designed to dissolve under the tongue. That's huge because dissolvable treatment hits your bloodstream much faster than old school pills. The result, quicker onset of action, reducing the wait time typically associated with traditional pills. Plus Tadalofil, the active ingredient in cis lasts in the system for up to 36 hours. For treatment that works fast and lasts long, connect to the provider at Ro dot co slash Ben.


Find out if Ro sparks are right for you. That's Ro dot co slash Ben. Again, that's Ro dot co slash Ben. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved. And do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing review only available if prescribed after an online consultation with a provider. Go check them out right now. That's Ro dot co slash Ben. Find out if Ro sparks are right for you. RO do co slash Ben. Again, that's r o.co/ Ben. Anyway, here is Jen Psaki and Amy Kja. You've known him a long time. You've worked closely with him. I wanted to ask you about what do you think the hall is gonna be like tomorrow night when he speaks There is gonna be so much love for Joe Biden.


So much love. There's gonna be tours of joy. Yeah, it's when he walks into that hall and what he has done, and I love that major focus of this is gonna be on democracy. He literally saved our democracy in the us. He saved our democracy in the US as Amy Klobuchar. Do you mean he saved our democracy by being forced out of the nomination that he won in a democratic series of elections? 'cause that's the read. It's not just gonna be interior backstabbing behind the scenes. By the way, if Kamala Harris loses Joe Biden is gonna have the best time, like seriously that dude is prepping. He would love nothing better than for Kamala Harris to lose. If Kamala Harris loses, Joe Biden is gonna be able to say, I told y'all, I told you, I told you you should've left me in place and now she lost and you forced me out.


So that's you. That's on you. It's your fault. Like wait, the, the recriminations will be delicious if somehow Kamala Harris manages to lose this election, even if she wins the election, he's just gonna be seen as the transitional guy who somehow stopped Donald Trump in 2020 and then got then got his ass handed to him by 84-year-old Nancy Pelosi and all of the chief donors in the Democratic Party. So that is kind of one side of the rift and the other is the public rift. So the public rift continues and it turns out that the Democrats can never appease their radical left too much. So DNC was starting to welcome people yesterday and the protesters were already there. They showed up and they were protesting. They were holding their pro kamas signs going wild.


Again, this is the pro kamas wing of the Democratic party to which Kamala Harris wishes to appeal. Here's a lady holding a sign saying, stop the genocide. Stop apartheid, cease fire. Now white lady from Chicago of course Should probably move there some. You got some code ping people out there Right over here on the ground. I know, but she's, You got some people holding queer as in free Palestine. That's That's one of my favorites. Queer as in Free Palestine. Nothing more fun than chickens for KFC over there. Queers for free Palestine. So they all showed up and they made fools of themselves and there will be many more of them. There are gonna be tens of thousands of people who actually show up ready to protest.


Kamala Harris. Some of them showed up holding signs that said Killer Kamala, which should be fun for her to deal with. Meanwhile, she's in the back room negotiating with the pro Kama crowd. John Fetterman, by the way, the pro-Israel senator from Pennsylvania. He's not even showing up at the DNC 'cause he is like, I don't know, I got some questions here, gang. And he ain't wrong. According to Breitbart, vice president Kamala Harris secretly met last week with the radical anti-Semitic mayor of Dearborn, Michigan in an effort to court Muslim and Arab American voters. The meeting was reported by the Associated Press buried within an article published on Saturday about the so-called Uncommitted Group of voters, particularly in Michigan while trying to push the Democratic Party into an openly anti-Israel position. The AP reported top Democrats have spent weeks meeting with uncommitted voters and their allies, including a previously unreported sit down between VP Harris and the mayor of Dearborn, Michigan.


During a campaign trip to Michigan. Last week, Harris met with Abdulah Hamud, the 34-year-old mayor of Dearborn, a Detroit suburb that has the largest number of Arab Americans of any city in the United States. They also have pro Hamas and pro Hezbollah rallies on the regular. A person familiar with the meeting did not provide specific details, but said the focus was on Harris's potential policy if elected on the Israel Hamas conflict. She has already expressed her possible openness to a full on arms embargo against Israel. Obviously this also happens to be a person who has spent years basically justifying the murder of Israelis. On October 7th, he tweeted Israel's decades of illegal military occupation and imprisonment of Gaza make peace impossible and tragic violence inevitable.


October 7th was inevitable. According to this person in Kamala Harris had to go listen to him. So she's gonna keep trying to appease these people and meanwhile, they are going to keep protesting her. So it should be a fun dynamic. According to Jillian k Mel writing for the Wall Street Journal, whether it's genocide Joe or killer Kamala, the butchers of Gaza cannot be allowed to gather in Chicago. Undisturbed according to self-described anti-imperialist organization behind enemy limes. That's from an Instagram post last month and called for protestors to make it greatly 68 and shut down the DNC for Gaza. That group is coordinating with Palestine action Us, which encourages vandalism and other unlawful acts. And Sammi Dun, the Palestinian Prisoner Solidarity Network, which cheered Hamas' October 7th massacre and has ties to terrorism.


Those are the usual suspects. Another factor is driving the protests toward escalation. The anti-Israel crowd has United with radical environmentalists and anti-police activists who've spent years honing unlawful tactics, including setting up encampments, vandalizing property, brawling with the cops, and de arresting their comrades, physically intervening to prevent an arrest. And the history of this movement goes back years at this point. According to Mechi, a member of the journal's editorial board, the 2020 protest took a toll on the Chicago Police Department, which last month had fewer than 11,600 officers Despite a budget for nearly 13,000. The local police will get help from state and federal law enforcement. It's possible they'll succeed in containing the protests, even if so, expect to see more lawlessness and disorder on campuses and city streets this fall.


So this is going to be a running problem for the Democrats and it is not going away. Mayor Brandon Johnson, who has done virtually nothing to crack down on criminality in his city. He says, don't worry, we're ready. It's all good. Don't worry. Do you have any concerns? We're ready for this convention. Look, our local police department has worked with the Secret Service as well as other local agencies to ensure a safe, peaceful, yet vibrant, exciting convention. The City of Chicago has been rated number one as it relates to convention centers and how we make sure that we protect people while also providing an opportunity to see the beauty and the soul of who we are. Okay, well good luck with that. I mean, seriously, I love, I love that they rely on the cops when it comes time to make the DN nnc not look bad.


But Brandon Johnson has been the most anti-cop mayor in America and been willing to undercut the cops at every available turn, but he's relying on the cops to make the D NNC not look bad. Well, listen, Chicago is probably filled with problems, including HR problems because I mean, would you wanna hire any of these promos people? Listen, when we started Daily Wire, the biggest question mark was what we would do for hr. We are focused on creating engaging content. It was difficult to find a managing professional capable of handling the day-to-Day HR tasks. That sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambi. With Bambee, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're getting a dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and realtime chat. They'll handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, and performance reviews with BAM Bee's HR Autopilot feature. You can streamline essential HR practices like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time for what really matters to your business.


All of BAM Bee's HR managers are based in the United States and can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost 80 grand annually, but BAM Bee starts just 99 bucks monthly. So no matter the size of your business, Bambee can work for you. Do not wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation by visiting Bambee dot com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. That's spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. Bambee dot com type in Ben Shapiro. Well, best of hopes for the city of Chicago and the D NNC in terms of violence. Good luck storming the Castle Boys. Meanwhile, by the way, things are going so well that house Democrats attending the D nnc are being advised by congressional security officials not to book hotel rooms under their own names or engaged with protestors have confronted according to Axios that guidance comes as some democratic lawmakers are fearful about their own safety after being rattled by a series of disruptive pro-Palestinian protests since the Israel Kamas War started last year.


It does show you where Democrats heads are at just generally if, if Republicans are confronted by a pro kamas protestors, they go right back at them and tell 'em they're schmucks and a waste of oxygen. And if pro-Palestine, pro Hamas protestors go up to Democrats, the Democrats immediately begin kowtowing to them and asking what they can do to make them feel better, which kind of explains democratic foreign policy when it comes to the Middle East. One house Democrats told access, they're very concerned about their personal security and that of course other lawmakers are as well. A Senior House Democrat said, law enforcement is telling members not to go to a certain area because they expect violence in a guidance sent to congressional staffers and obtained by Axios, the House Sergeant in Arm's office wrote, if you're confronted by protestors, try not to engage and report to Capitol police.


So good luck. Hope you have a wonderful convention. You deserve every little bit of this. Meanwhile, again, Kamala, right now, this is not a runaway race. Okay? This kind of notion that the race is over already, no, it really, really, really is not. It's currently August 20 19th. There are another, I believe, 29 days until the voting begins in Pennsylvania, and that's just when the voting begins in Pennsylvania. The election, of course, is not until the beginning of November. Right now, Kamala Harris has the momentum, but this is also her high watermark because what else could break that would help her at this point? According to Nate Silver's analysis of the polling, right now, she's ahead by about two and a half percent nationally.


But when it comes to Arizona, she's up by like a point and a half When it comes to Georgia, he is up when it comes to Michigan, she's up by maybe three points when it comes to Pennsylvania. She's up by a point and a half. All of these are margin of error races. All of them are margin of error races. And that means that if Kamala Harris starts to come back to earth, she's got a problem. She is not, in fact blowing him out. She's not up seven points, she's not up five points, she's up more like a point and a half or two. Okay? That is not enough to give her breathing room where she should feel as comfortable as she obviously does right now, the New York Times has an entire piece today titled two Undecided Voters. Harris is famous but unknown. They want to learn more.


Well, I mean, you know, you could. I have a way for her people to learn more about her positions. That'd be if the New York Times covered her positions, it's actually your job. It's what you get paid to do. Terry York Singleton is certain about one thing, as she considers the November election, she will not vote for Donald Trump while she finds Vice President Kamala Harris', sudden entry in the presidential race. Refreshing. She has not closed the sale quote. I need more information from her. Said Ms. York Singleton 68. She listed the cost of medication and childcare as well as homelessness as problems. She wants to hear Ms. Harris discuss. That's not a true swing voter because this person knows she's not voting for Trump. Of course, there are a bunch of people who don't know whether they're gonna vote for Trump and so far they don't know anything about Kamala Harris's positions, which are indeed trash.


And once again, when Kamala Harris gets off script, even sometimes when she's on script, she is a disaster area and the public have not been treated to that yet. For example, the Trump campaign sort of hilariously put together a mock ad about Kamala Harris, and it was just a speech in which she was explaining price increases under the Biden administration. Here's what it looked like A lot. A loaf of bread cost 50% more today than it did before. The pandemic ground beef is up almost 50%. And then it went to, this has been an ad for Donald J. Trump, right? Again, Kamala, she's right. Those prices are up. I wonder why they're up. I want, and you can't just paper that crap over with joy.


You can't paper that over by saying return on investment 27 times in a row. Yeah, I can't do that. It is a waste of time and people I hope can see through that you would hope. And in democracy, people can see through that. And in second we'll get to Kamala Harris'. Economic plans, the failures thereof, and the fact that Democrats have no way to actually defend this stuff. I'll get to that in just one second. First, over the weekend, we got word from theaters nationwide, Am I Racist, which is Matt Walsh's new movie. The advanced tickets are selling super fast. We're also hearing from people in cities across the country saying their theater is not yet carrying mi racist. So here's how you change that. If you haven't yet purchased your advanced tickets, go to mi racist.com today. Help fill these theaters and secure even more theaters.


Every ticket sold today determines how many theaters will even show the film. September 13th, Matt Walsh, what'll lead destroyed leftist gender theory and what is woman has now infiltrated the absurd world of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Lemme tell you what he's uncovered is simultaneously hilarious and infuriating. Now, the initial response to the tickets has been absolutely phenomenal. We can't let up go to mi racist.com, get your advanced tickets today. Do not wait. This is how we reclaim the culture, folks with facts, logic, and filled theater seats. Now again, nobody knows anything about Kamala Harris's position. She keeps saying dumb crap. And then when she's asked about it, she word vomits for like a minute and a half and repeats phrases like in terms of, because that is her verbal crutch. She doesn't know where to go with anything, so she'll just speak.


Well, you know, when it comes to democracy, when it comes to democracy in terms of, in terms of the depth of the interest that people have in the world, in democracy, in terms of in terms, oh my God, she's so terrible. Which is why, which is why Democrats have to keep hiding all of this. Hakeem Jeffries, the Democratic House minority leader, he was asked about her economic record. 'cause it turns out she's been part of an administration. We know what it looks like. They did a terrible job. And he said she inherited catastrophes. I have a question. Is she inheriting one right now? Right now? Like really, that has a yes or no answer. If she becomes president, will she be inheriting a catastrophe? Because there has to be some excuse for economic policy and she's been here for three and a half years.


Here's Hakeem Jeff trying to walk right past this one. President Biden and Vice President Harris inherited three catastrophes from the prior president. At the same time, there was a public health catastrophe connected to the COVID-19 pandemic. That was an economic catastrophe that resulted from the shutdown of our economy. And of course, there was a democracy catastrophe related to the January 6th violent assault on the capitol incited by the former president as part of the effort to halt the peaceful transfer of power. Yeah, that was, that was really the big problem. It was not their crap policy over the course of the last three and a half years. It was that you inherited catastrophes.


I dunno how much longer you can blame the Trump administration for things that are your own fault, but they're gonna keep trying. Meanwhile, Democrats keep trying to explain what exactly Kamala Harris meant when she said she was going to curb grocery prices with price gouging laws, which is totally insane. It is totally crazy. Excellent thread by a guy named Robert Sterling. He's a CFO investor, and he used to work in m and a in the food industry. He says, here is what would actually happen. The government announces grocery retailers aren't allowed to raise prices. Grocery stores, which operate on one to 2% net margins can't survive if their suppliers raise prices. So the government announces that food producers also aren't allowed to raise prices.


Not all grocery stores are created. Equal stores in lower income areas make less money than those in higher income areas. As the former disproportionately sell lower margin prepackaged food instead of higher mar margin. Fresh products like meat, because stores in lower income areas aren't able to cover overhead, grocery chains start to shut them down. Food deserts in rural areas and in low income urban areas like become worse. Meanwhile, margins for food producers are also quickly eroding their primary costs. Ingredients, energy and labor aren't fixed. They're shrinking. Gross profits leave less cashflow available to cover overhead, maintain facilities reinvest in additional protection capacity. Grocery chains, which have finite shelf space start to repurpose their stores to sell more non-price controlled items. Everything from nutrition supplements to kitchenware to apparel and less price controlled food products.


Your local Kroger or Safeway starts to look and feel more like a Walmart. Food producers stop making products with lower margins. Grocery chains start competing with each other to secure inventory. Since they can't compete by offering stronger prices, because again, producers aren't allowed to raise prices. They compete on things like payment terms. Small grocery chains start to shut down entirely or get sold to larger chains like Kroger, in addition to not being able to to cover fixed costs. A major reason for this is they can no longer reliably secure delivery of products because producers are prioritizing sales to larger customers. Smaller food producers start to go outta business because these producers have an additional step, their value chains, and because they have lower volumes over which to spread fixed costs, their cost structure is inherently disadvantaged compared to major food producers. When grocery stores aren't able to raise prices, cutting product costs becomes all the more important.


Deprioritizing purchases from smaller producers is an easy way to do so. Then the supply chains break down, so lines start to format outside grocery stores every morning. The federal government then announces a program to issue block grants for states to purchase and operate shuttered grocery stores. The USDA sees his closed down production facilities. The government then announces that prices for all key food costs are now fixed to stop profiteers from gouging at the now government operated food industry. Shockingly, the government struggles to operate one of the most complex industries on the planet. The entire food supply chain starts imploding communism, mass starvation, the end of America quickly ensue, Hey, wait a second. 'cause that's a pretty good explanation of exactly how Kamala Harris' policies actually work. But here is Democratic governor of Kentucky, Andy Beshear saying that the price gouging plan is basically no different from Teddy Roosevelt's trust busting.


This is really supply and demand, which we all respect. It's no different than what Teddy Roosevelt did in breaking up monopolies. It's just making sure we have the right regulations and tools in place to make sure everybody is playing the game fairly and by the rules. Okay, that is absurd. Absurd. Okay. There are already antitrust regulations on the books. If the idea is the food industry is violating monopoly laws by providing non-competitive prices via collusion, there are already laws on the books for that. That's not what she's talking about. She is talking about the dumbest economic policy ever proposed, which is price controls on food literally fails everywhere at trial tried, and that that is what she's pushing. And again, Democrats have no answers for this.


So their entire goal is to never answer about any of this. By the way, this is true of every audacious Kamala Harris policy. This has been true since 2019. She'll throw out a policy like Medicare for All, then she'll be asked, wait, do you mean outlawing private health insurance? And she'll be like, mm, yeah. And then And, everybody goes, wait, what the F? And then she's like, I never meant that. Or she'll say, yes, I, I would ban fracking on day one. And then they'll be like, wait, what? Like ban it seriously. And she'd be like, and then everybody in Pennsylvania goes, wait, hold up. And she goes, I never meant that. This is like, I mean it literally, her entire career is this. She did this with Joe Biden too. She said, if it weren't for Joe, if Joe Biden had gotten his way, little girls like me, I was that little girl.


And they're like, well, no, you actually weren't that little girl. It turns out that job. Are you in favor of force busing now? Like what's, what's the actual thing that you're in favor of? Like, yes, I'm in favor of force busing. And then it turns out everyone hates force busing. And she's like, no, I'm not for force bus. This is every position she has ever taken on anything, on anything. So how do you expect other Democrats to defend her? NBC's Kristin Wilker had on Gretchen Whitmer, who is not chosen for vice president and is governor of Michigan to discuss Kamala Harris's economic plans. It did not go amazing because her economic plans suck, Delve into some of the policies. The vice president laid out some of her economic policies this week. Among other things, she's proposing a ban on price gouging.


Here is what Obama administration, economist Jason Furman had to say. He said, quote, this is not sensible policy. And I think the biggest hope is that it ends up being a lot of rhetoric and not reality. There's no upside here, and there is some downside. He warned effectively that price controls could ultimately stifle economic growth. So do you think that's the best way to bring down prices in Michigan? Well, I think people are, are reading too much into what has been put out there. Oh, we know that Kamala Harris is gonna be focused on building up more affordable housing. We know that Kamala Harris has already delivered on making sure that healthcare is more accessible and affordable for Americans and we'll protect Obamacare.


That's a million people who have healthcare in Michigan right now that Donald Trump's been trying to rip away. So I noticed that you didn't answer any of the questions, which is going to be the pattern all the way up until the election. Even on CNN, some of the commentators were like, by the way, her economic plans make no sense at all. She had took a lot of far left positions during her first run in 2019 and 2020. She has, you know, temporarily kind of moderated these through some anonymous quotes from AIDS saying, well, she doesn't really wanna ban fracking anymore. She doesn't wanna do this, doesn't wanna do that. This new program that she's kinda doing is pretty far left. $25,000 price controls essentially. That's number one. But the other thing is, you know, kind of conveniently forgot, she was vice president for the last four years when a lot of the housing market crisis was at its worst when inflation was at its worst.


So there's a lot of memory holding that. But look, when it comes to the 20 5K, I mean, you just added $25,000 into every price in, in, on every home price in the country. Because if you're giving that away essentially for free, people will add it into the price. Pretty amazing, pretty amazing. And again, that is totally right. Of course. Now to be fair, that was a commentator who used to work for Tim Scott, but this is not foreign to the Democratic party. Tim Walls, everybody's favorite. Midwestern dad. He's just like you. He's a normal Midwestern dad who got caught doing a DUI 90 something in a 55 mile per hour zone and then claimed that he was deaf. He, he pretended that he had a title that he didn't have in the military. He cut out his military service before going to Iraq with his guys, and also as a high school teacher in the 1990s.


Apparently he extolled life under Chinese communism, telling his students, it is a system in which everyone shares and gets free food and housing. He said during a lesson in November, 1991, it means that everyone is the same and everyone shares the doctor and the construction worker make the same. The Chinese government and the place they work provide for housing. And about 14 kilograms or 30 pounds of rice per month, they get food and housing. Wow, what a, what a great, what a great teacher. He's just like a normal Midwestern communist. So yes, this is an extraordinarily radical ticket. It is a very, very radical ticket indeed, which is what Donald Trump should be focusing on. And to be fair, sometimes he's trying to focus on that. Sometimes he's not.


So President Trump, over the weekend, he was going out on the campaign trail. He said, we'll, defeat communist Kamala. Now again, I, I don't think that this nickname is gonna stick either. I'm gonna push very hard for Kamala liar, Kamala liar. We tried Kamala, not sure that it's gonna completely catch on. It's been a while. I'm gonna go Kam a liar, because frankly, I think communist Kamala is too much in, in terms of people. It's a mouthful. But here's President Trump trying it out. 80 days from now, we are going to defeat a communist known as Kamala Harris. She's a communist, most radical left person ever to run for office. This is not what this country needs.


We've had enough of him. So he's not wrong. I'm not sure that that attack line is going to be vir enough. He needs to actually spell out all the problems with her policies that would involve him not doing comparisons between his looks and her looks. For example, again, distractibility is not an asset on the campaign trail at this point. This is an incredibly tight election. This election is gonna be decided by tens of thousands of votes in a few states. It really is that. So when President Trump does the, I'm better looking than Kamala Harris routine, it may be funny, but he needs to stop talking to the people who are in the crowd at the rally and start talking to, you know, the people who are across America. She said one thing that got me, she said, Kamala has one big advantage.


She's a very beautiful woman. She's a beautiful woman. So I decide to go back and reread the clause. I'm not saying he's, but I say that I am much better looking than her. I think I'm much better, much better. I'm a better looking person than Kamala. Like dude's hilarious. It's funny, but like who's the moderate voter? Who's like, that is true. He is a better looking person than Kamala Harris. I'm gonna vote like I on the prize, my man. I on the prize. If you'd like to beat the president of the United States, which again, I would like to not have a communist for Presidents of the United States.


So I'm, I'm rooting hard for this.


College is expensive, but being a man shouldn't be score 60% off Jeremy's razor's, one year of shaving and dominate campus life while others conform. You'll stand out clean, shaven and unapologetic. The precision five delivers an exceptionally smooth and close shave, designed with a precision tremor for keeping your edge and an ergonomic handle for superior control. Major in masculinity at jeremy's razors.com. Today,


Alrightyy, so over in Israel, the Blinken State Department continues to push the idea that a ceasefire is just around the corner. There's only one problem. Hamas keeps rejecting ceasefire deals because of course it's not in Hamas' interest to come to a ceasefire. The minute there's a ceasefire, then Hamas has to get up the hostages. The minute that Hamas gives up the hostages, they have nothing else to bargain with, and then they're done. Then they're finished because the ceasefire will end. They will not give up their weapons. Israel will go in and finish off Yasir and drag his body out into the street. That is the way that this is going to go. Yasir knows this. His only path out he thinks is to drag Hezbollah and Iran directly into a larger scale war with Israel. Now, Hezbollah and Iran don't actually want that.


Hezbollah are looking for a way to climb down the tree. They have basically said they're not going to allow Hamas to parish in Gaza, but they have no choice in the matter because Hamas is in fact losing in the Gaza strip. Hezbollah does not want to actually provoke a full out war with Israel because Israel will destroy them. It'll be incredibly bloody for Israel. Israel will lose a lot of civilians, a lot of citizens, and a lot of soldiers. But Israel will win because, because Hezbollah, Despite being a very large and well-armed terror group, Hezbollah does not have the military capacity of the Israeli Defense forces. And as far as Iran's forward capacity, Iran's forward capacity is largely Hezbollah. We saw that when they attempted to fire 300 rockets and drones into Israel, a few months back, half of them fell inside Iran. It turns out that Iran, its military forces, shall we say, are not up to snuff when it comes to long range projection, which is why instead they rely on proxy terror groups and they basically funnel money to those terror groups and some small arms and some rockets.


In any case, the Hamas interests are not actually aligned at this point with Hezbollah and Iran, but Hezbollah and Iran have to claim that they are aligned because if they back down without Hamas backing down, Hamas looks to tough and robust, and Hezbollah and Iran both look like weaklings. So here is the misalignment. Now, there's only one way to rectify this misalignment, and it could be done very easily if Israel came forward and the Biden administration came forward and they said, listen, one more rocket fires. One more rocket fires, and Israel the chain's off. They can do whatever they want and we'll supply them with what they want, and they'll finish off the terror group and they'll do what they need to do to Iran's oil fields. So you better back the F down. They'd back down. It's that simple. And as far as Hamas goes, that's been true since the beginning of the war.


If the United States said to Qatar, the airbase in Qatar goes away tomorrow, unless you force Hamas to release the hostages, those hostages would've been released within the very first month. Hey, now it's a little bit tougher because Yasar is in a Hitlerian bunker somewhere surrounded by innocent babies, innocent Israeli babies, because that's his only protection left at this point, which is why he's not gonna let them go. 'cause the minute he lets them go, Israel's gonna go in and kill him. And he knows that it's just a matter of time until they find 'em and they kill him. So that is the math on the ground. The Blinken State Department and the Biden administration are desperately attempting to prevent a conflict from breaking out this week. They don't want that conflict breaking out in the middle of the DNC, so they're trying to push it beyond Thursday.


That's all this math is. That's all that it's, it's all just a waste of time because in reality, Israel cannot allow Hezbollah to continue to sit at its northern border threatening Israel's entire North. Right now, Israel's entire north is completely depopulated. There are a hundred thousand people who are not living in their homes in the north of Israel. There is a miles wide swath, miles deep swath of Israel that is completely depopulated right now, which means that Hezbollah effectively has military control over those areas. Israel cannot allow that. No sovereign country could, that'd be the equivalent of El Paso being evacuated because Mexican drug cartels were firing rockets over the border. That's effectively what's happening in the north of Israel right now.


So Hamas, for its part the, the, the way can tell how weak the Biden administration is. The Biden administration keeps saying a deal is right around the corner and Hamas keeps saying no. And then the Biden administration keeps saying, no, no, no, but a deal is right around the corner. Hamas, the ones who are holding the babies, they say, no, it's not. In fact, just yesterday, Hamas rejected a new US proposal for a ceasefire. And of course they tried to blame Bibi Netanyahu and all the rest. The White House had claimed significant progress had been made during talks in Doha over the past several days. The rejection of the new proposal, which was presented to the parties on Friday, makes President Biden's goal of getting a deal this week, almost impossible. That is Barack Ravi, the sonographer for the White House. So Hamas keeps rejecting, not only do they keep rejecting over the weekend, a member of Hamas from the West Bank.


They lie all the time. By the way, Hamas says they have no presence in the West Bank. In fact, they have a very large military presence in the West Bank. They're threatening the Palestinian authority. They tried to walk a dude in an explosive filled backpack into either a soccer stadium or a synagogue, unclear where he was going, and thank God his bomb blew up early. He had premature evacuation of his body and, and he blew up, which is excellent news. And he has now been united with 72 goats in the afterlife, presumably, according to the Jerusalem Post Hamas in conjunction with Palestinian Islamic Jihad, has now claimed responsibility for the terror attack in Tel Aviv on Sunday, in which an explosive device detonated the group announced via the their all Cassam brigades at Telegram account on Monday.


So it wasn't enough for Hamas to try to kill a bunch of Jews at synagogue. It wasn't enough for them to try to do that. They claim credit for it. Why do they claim credit for it? Because they keep saying over and over. Yasar is, he's shouting to the wind, I do not accept a deal. I do not want a deal. And they're hoping that the Biden administration will force Israel to simply stop operations in the absence of a deal. It's not gonna happen. Israel's not gonna stop its operations. They're gonna continue to try to find their hostages. They're gonna continue to kill top level members of Hamas. It is that simple. And this, of course, is a major problem for the Democratic Party, which is beholden to its radical pro Hamas wing. This is why Senator Tammy Duckworth of Wisconsin. She says that Kamala Harris is gonna talk about getting more humanitarian aid into Gaza.


There is not a humanitarian aid crisis about how much food is getting shipped into Gaza. Kamas is just stealing it all and shooting people. You're expecting thousands, tens of thousands of protestors here. How does Kamala Harris differentiate herself from Joe Biden? Or will she differentiate herself from Joe Biden? I think we need to work hard on getting the ceasefire agreement. And I think what she can push for is to talk about making sure that we get the humanitarian aid into Gaza. And I think she will lean more heavily towards the humanitarian side of things. And in fact, you know, we, we have issues right now where at different times, different sites have opposed the deal.


We're very close to getting a ceasefire agreement on both sides. But I think you're gonna see Kamala talking more about getting humanitarian aid into Gaza. Now they're using that as an excuse to try and buy off the promos protestors. It isn't gonna work because obviously they don't care about the humanitarian aid. They want more dead Palestinians because their goal is more dead Palestinians meaning better coverage in the West, and they hope that will force Israel to back off from its military operations in Gaza. Bottom line is this, when you show weakness to terrorists, they tend to exacerbate their violence. It's that simple. It's that simple. But the Biden administration, because they're cowards and fools, they continue to pretend not to understand any of that already. Guys coming up, we'll be joined on the line by Kathy Lee Gifford four time Emmy Award winner and author of the new book, Herod Mary, if you're not a member, become member, use Coach Shapiro.


Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Make Those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert, here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around black person right here? Does he not exist? They'll say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say, you racist. Buy your tickets now in Theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not land in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval


This summer. Enjoy less sunscreen smell, and more new car smell. Make room for more than just memories with a Lexus SUV. Find offers on select SUVs at the Lexus Golden Opportunity Sales Event. Lease the 2024 RX three 50 all wheel drive for 5 39 a month for 36 months with 49 99 to each side. Experience amazing at your Lexus dealer. Call One 800 USA Lexus full important lease offer and pricing details on all customers will qualify. Offer available in the Eastern area only in September


3rd,


2024.