
Folks, there's something deeply broken about our society and sometimes there are just some pretty egregious symptoms of that being the case. One of those symptoms is a person whose name is Lily Phillips. Lily Phillips is 23 years old, and right now she's become quite prominent because she has a very lucrative OnlyFans account where she earns millions of dollars to take her clothes off and have sex in front of men. And back in October, Lily Phillips did a stunt and did is the operative word here. This stunt involved having sex with 101 men in eight A. She did that back in October. She did a documentary about it titled, I Slept with 100 Men in one Day.


So aptly titled YouTuber, Josh Peters was the person who helped her make this documentary. And here she was talking about the experience. When was the last time you ate? I had a a, I think I had a, a Yam Yam and I think had a sandwich, and that was kinda, and then the rest, it's not for the weak girls, if I'm honest. It was hard. I don't know if I'd recommend it. Why not? I think if you're a different type of girl, it's very like, is kind of like being in a sense of like, it's just a different feeling.


I don't know how to explain it. Like It's not like just having sex with someone. Yeah, yeah. Just one in, one out. Like it feels intense. Like more intense than you thought it might. Definitely. Okay. And she ends up breaking down in tears, basically, she says, I think by the 30th when we're getting on a bit, I've got a routine of how we're gonna do this. And sometimes you dissociate. And it's not like normal sex at all. She admitted that she did not remember much of this. She said in my head right now, I can think of 5, 6, 10 guys I remember. And that's it. But it's just weird, isn't it? If I didn't have the videos, I wouldn't have known I did 100. She said it wasn't just the physical intimacy of having sex with so many men that made her feel so bad, but also disappointing them by not being able to talk with them or even being interested in doing so.


She said, talking with the gentleman was hard. Gentleman, of course, is a term of art here and recounted how one man complained. They only chatted for about two minutes. When she said beforehand they would talk for about five minutes. So she had already broken down. We can see in the video that she's been crying and all the rest. Well, none of this is apparently stopping her from taking on a new challenge now because the money is too good. I like in that video where she suggests that she feels like a prostitute. Well, yes, definitionally having sex for money would be prostitution. She has claimed she wants to take on a new challenge in January, according to the New York post, 1000 men in 24 hours, male talent casting call 18 plus only location to be determined.


I dreamed it up with my assistant. I can't wait. It's very exciting. It'll be a world record, a real challenge. She claimed. Apparently the current world record is held by a person named Lisa Sparks, an adult film star who betted 919 men in one day at a sex industry event in Poland back in 2004. Sparks said to be completely transparent with you all this event is the one thing I regret doing in the 23 plus years in the porn industry. To this day, it was the only job I agreed to perform strictly for the money. Well, I doubt that that is true. Okay, so here is the thing about all this and, and, and is screwed up in a thousand different ways. You know, as a columnist for the UK Daily Mail named Jane Friar writes, she says that this talking to Lily is like bobbing into a parallel universe where everything is upside down, where Gen Z bodies are for sale like sweets, sex is nothing more than numbers game.


And parents, even grandparents of porn apparently are quote, very supportive. Lily's mother is her head of finance. I can't imagine why she's so screwed up. According to this columnist, Lily herself, a bubbly, beautiful, articulate and immaculately manner, girl chatters on and on in exactly the same perky tone as she did about her family Christmas or her beloved dog, Maggie, about how she graduated from posting sneaky peaks to full-blown porn on her hugely lucrative OnlyFans account. How she earns over six figures a month and employs eight staff, all women, and how the only way to achieve the thousand will be with a human conveyor belt. Ideally, we'll do it in a big warehouse with two doors. I'm hoping a couple of seconds each at most and on their way.


So let's be clear the the question here is why this is wrong. Really, this is a question why this is wrong in our modern society. I have a feeling there are a lot of people who are gonna have a hard time explaining why this is wrong. Really, what's the big problem for a lot of folks, particularly on the secular left, that's a relevant question. After all, she's engaging in consensual activity. Why is this wrong? Why is this bad? Well, this shows the shortcomings of consensus, the only value. See, we live in a society in which consensus considered the highest and perhaps the only value. That's because we've largely bought into the liberal framework for how society ought to run. So the social psychologist, Jonathan, he, his first famous book is a book called The Righteous Mind.


And according to Jonathan Knight, there are six moral matrices, okay? Measures of how we measure morality. The first is care versus harm. The second is liberty versus oppression. The third is fairness versus cheating. The fourth is loyalty versus betrayal. The fifth is authority versus subversion. And the sixth is sanctity versus degradation. So for example, care versus harm would be whether you're compassionate, if you see a suffering human being, right? That's one value system. Liberty versus oppression would be if you see an unjust rule being promulgated, that oppresses someone versus is that person free to make their own choices. Fairness or cheating would be if somebody cheats you, it's unfair because somebody has cheated you.


Loyalty versus betrayal would be if someone betrays a group authority versus subversion is if somebody disrespects legitimate authority. And sanctity versus degradation is if somebody does something disgusting, for example, well, as it turns out, liberals and conservatives left versus right. They think of the world in a very different way from one another. Liberals are interested in only about three of these six matrices. They're interested in the question of care versus harm. So compassion, liberty versus oppression. So the idea of your individual rights and individualism. And finally, fairness versus cheating is the final outcome of a, of a system fair or our rights distributed fairly conservatives, people on the right care about all six of those matrices, right?


Including things like loyalty and betrayal, authority and subversion, and most importantly, sanctity versus degradation. So if you're on the left, what do you do about somebody like Lily Phillips? Well, theoretically you could make the argument that she's harming herself, right? That that this violates the sort of care harm principle. That's why what she's doing is wrong. But that runs up directly against the liberty foundations of liberalism, right? Because after all, she's the one who has volunteered her consent into it. How can you tell her? Can you be paternalistic enough to suggest that she has harmed herself under the rubric of leftism? And also, is it unfair that she did this? Well, I mean, she did accept the arrangement. In fact, she sought the arrangement. In fact, she's being paid by the tonnage for this arrangement.


If you're a conservative, the answer is actually quite easy. Lily Phillips here, and women like her who make themselves cheap are engaging in self-harm. Liberty is not libertinism. It is bounded by rules. Fairness is not implicated here because she has no right to engage in this sort of conduct on a moral level. She has no moral right. She may have a legal right. That's not the same thing as having a moral right to do this sort of stuff. She's being disloyal not only to any boyfriend she might have, but to the standards of her society and to humanity at large. You are being disloyal to humanity when you violate yourself this way. She's undermining the authority of basic morality, and most of all, most of all, most importantly, what she's doing is disgusting.


Now, I know that that word has sort of fallen out of usage, disgust, disgusting. And the idea in sort of modern left wing parlance is that if you talk about something being disgusting, it means that you're being judgmental. So for example, Jonathan Het in this book, the Righteous Mind, he talks about the fact that when he teaches his college students, one of the questions he will ask them is, is it immoral for you to have sex with a frozen chicken? Liberals will say, maybe, and then they'll think about it and they'll think, no, it doesn't violate my principles of consent. It doesn't violate the care harm matrix. It's a violation of liberty to say that it is disgusting or, or problematic or wrong. There's nothing unfair about having sex with a chicken. Conservatives are like, yeah, it's gross. It's wrong.


You're degrading yourself. Disgust is a useful thing. It has actually kept human beings alive for eons. Originally, it evolved as a way of naturally driving people away for things that are quite bad from for them. The reason that human beings have a reaction of disgust when they see, for example, a snake, is because snakes can kill people. Now, that does not mean that all disgusted historically is proper. Sometimes human beings are disgusted at behaviors or traits that are perfectly legitimate or have risen through no fault of the the other, the person you're disgusted by. So for example, there are a lot of primitive cultures where people with mental disabilities are found to be disgusting, right? Ancient Sparta, you have a disabled baby and you leave it out on the on a cliff somewhere.


But discussed as a general human emotion is a response to the violation of the sacred. So what exactly is the sacred? The sacred is the thing that we as a species, place beyond question. That's what sacred means. Sacred means that you are taking something and you now declare it holy. And for something to be holy means it is separate from the secular. It is something that is not to be questioned. It is something that of such high value that to question it would undermine the entire society to throw away. The sacred is to throw out one of the things that is most important in building a society. Again, there are some things we find so sacred that we will not violate them. The philosopher Robert Nesbitt, in a book called The Twilight of Authority, writes about this. He says, the greatest of all distinctions the human mind is capable of according to Emil Durkheim.


Another sociologist is that between the sacred and the profane, or merely utilitarian, even the distinction between good and evil is small by comparison. For both good and evil are representations of the sacred positive or negative says rightly did Emil Durkheim declare the sacred. But the other side of the coin on which community is written, human aggregates are possible, or at least conceivable without a sense of the sacred, but not Durkheim declared community. You can't get an entire community together to share the same values unless they agree on a concept of the sacred and the profane. Things that are so high in value that they are not worth arguing about and to argue with them should actually generate a feeling of disgust.


Well, society is supposed to value the sacred, but nothing is sacred when it comes to companies trying to sell you on fake deals. There's no shortage of flashy ads from the big wireless carriers offering the latest iPhone for free. But look a little deeper. You'll quickly realize what they actually mean. To qualify, you need to trade in your phone, not just any phone one valued at a thousand dollars, then you're required to sign up for their $100 a month unlimited plan and pay that sneaky $35 activation fee on top of it all. That's a lot of money for something they call free. Don't fall for those marketing tricks. PureTalk, my cell phone company has a much better option to get a brand new iPhone 14. It comes with all the bells and whistles you actually need. Plus, get unlimited talk text at generous 15 gigs of HighSpeed data and mobile hotspot capability, all for just 50 bucks a month. How about that? You're paying half the price of what the big guys charge and you still get a new iPhone powered by America's most dependable 5G network. Do this, Go to PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO today. Switching is super simple. Plus, when you Go to PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO, you'll get an additional 50% off your very first month of coverage. That's PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO for an additional 50% off your very first month. That's PureTalk America's Wireless Company. That coverage is excellent. I've had it myself for years. Check them out PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO for that additional 50% off your first month.


Also, grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. They believe we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come. By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community, change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With 350 academic programs, as of June 20, 24, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu. Again, that's gcu.edu. I've been to their campus. I visited a beautiful place, great student body, terrific teachers. Check them out today, grand Canyon University gcu.edu. That's gcu.edu.


It is community says Robert Nesbitt. That gives to the sacred it's most vital expressions everywhere, birth, marriage, death, and other moments in the human drama. These are all things of such high value that we place at such a premium that they become sacred. So in the case of Lily Phillips, what is sacred here? Well, how about the individual human soul? How about the individual human soul? You do not own your own soul. It does not belong to you. You have duties attached to the stewardship of your soul. How about your innate humanity made in the image of God? You as a human being are sacred. You're the sacred property of the divine. After all, whatever disgusting substances this woman has anointed herself with, those can be washed off.


But her soul can't be washed off without repenting of what she has done to herself. And she knows that. Why do you think she's breaking down? Why do you think she's upset? It's not just because of the physical exertion. It's because she made herself into a sex robot. She made herself into something profane. She did a profane thing, and she should be disgusted with herself. She should be ashamed of herself, and a society should be able to look at that behavior and say, that is wrong behavior. It is not just a more matter of moral apathy because a society that GreenLights this sort of behavior or celebrates it or pays people millions of dollars for this sort of behavior, gets more of it. It reduces the humanity in all of us to the level of the animal. It removes the sacred completely. And then all you're left with is the profane.


And you cannot build any community, any workable society. On the profane alone, human beings, we have a natural understanding of the sacred. We have a natural understanding, a desire to worship, a desire to understand there are things that are of eternal value. This is why, by the way, the concept of consent when it comes to sex is necessary, but it is not sufficient. Meaning, of course, consent is necessary to sex, but it is not the only marker of whether sex itself is a good thing or a bad thing in how people engage in it. It's it's because we've lost the concept of the sacred and the profane, for example, that I think some things have happened in the Me Too movement. So for example, in the Me Too movement, there is a phenomenon that has arisen many times where women will consent to sex with someone they should not have con, con consented to sex to.


They'll treat themselves badly and then they'll wake up the next morning and they'll decide they didn't like it and they don't have the language to even express what it is they don't like because they already gave consent and you can't un give the consent. So then they go to the language of consent again. They'll say that they were raped in some cases when they weren't actually raped or the evidence shows they weren't raped. But they're not wrong to feel bad about themselves. They're not wrong to feel bad about the decision making. Regret is an understanding that you have taken something sacred and you have made it profane. And the relationship between two people who love one another in a committed bond, that is a sacred thing. That's what makes sex sacred rather than profane. And if you treat it as a profane thing, well a lot of the time profane things are going to feel profane to you.


You might wake up in the morning and feel degraded because maybe you degraded yourself. And then people look for an excuse for why they feel the way they do, but they don't even have the language to explain why they feel the way they do. This is particularly true of young women who are engaging in activities that later they regret. They don't even understand why they regret. But the answer is that we are all men and women. All of us are capable of sullying ourselves, of disgusting ourselves, okay? And that is a worthwhile tendency in human beings to recognize that sometimes when we look at the behavior of somebody like a Lily Phillips here, she should be upset and we should be upset that as a society we have decided that the only fan society is fine and decent and good.


It is not. It is not fine and decent and good pornography ought to discuss us because it is disgust in. It should disgust us because it takes something that should be about commitment and love and turns it into something that is simply about running. It takes something that is meaningful, but not because it is just a matter of consent, because it is a matter that has meaning attached to it and has throughout human history. And pretending that people don't have emotions connected to sex is one of the most ridiculous aspects of the modern feminist movement and the modern secular left. I mean, even Lilly Phillips acknowledges this. She says, I, I didn't even get to talk to the guys. It's the most pathetic sort of expression of the problem, but she's not wrong.


It turns out that both women and men very often, you know, they actually want to know the person with whom they're having sex because it means something beyond just pure consent. A society that boils its morality down to consent alone is a society that doesn't even have the language to express why it's corrupting itself. It's why we as a society have such trouble saying that. By the way, pornography is morally bad saying that OnlyFans is a blight. It is. OnlyFans is a blight. Young men are being destroyed by OnlyFans. Young women are certainly being destroyed by OnlyFans, and this should not be a matter of moral apathy in our society. Again, I'm not talking about regulation or legislation.


Perhaps that's appropriate, but that's not even the question. The question is, do we even have the moral language anymore to look at human behavior that ought to discuss us and say it's okay to be disgusted by that behavior. It's okay to look at things that violate the nature of what it means to be made in the sacred image of God and say that's bad, and I have an innate sense of being provoked by it into disgust. It's okay. We were made that way, and that's not a terrible thing. Again, a society that loses any concept of the sacred and trades, the sacred for the profane is a society that is not long for this world. Because in the end, if we can't place certain principles above and beyond debate in the realm of the sacred, such as for example, the value of human life, if you cannot do that, then you're not going to have a society for very long.


Alright, well that brings us to the latest in this shooting of the UnitedHealth, CEO. Okay? Now, again, you can have whatever arguments you want to have with regard to health insurance, which is a very, very complex topic. This basic idea that people seem to have, that if you remove the profit incentive from business, somehow the product good or service gets more efficient and better. Please name such a product good or service in which this is the case. Seriously. One, I would love to hear one product good or service that has ever become more efficiently distributed, better and higher quality by removing the profit margin and instead acting through pseudo altruism. That is not how human behavior works, but put aside whatever questions you have about healthcare for a second.


There is a sacred principle that we all have to hold by, and that is murder is bad. Why this shouldn't any way be questioned is beyond me. A society that can't even declare human life sacred enough that you don't get to shoot somebody because you don't like how the healthcare system works. That is not a society that is long for this world. Well, the latest on this case is that despite all of the bizarre conspiratorial speculation that the shooter, in this case, the the alleged shooter, Luigi Mangione, that this person was not the person who was framed or that this was a put up job by the government or such. Well, the 3D printed gun, according to CNN, that the killing suspect had when he was arrested this week in Pennsylvania matches three shell casings found at the crime scene in Midtown Manhattan.


According to the New York Police Department, commissioner Man Jones fingerprints matched those investigators found on items near the scene of the December 4th assassination of the UnitedHealth chief. Again, three nine millimeter shell casings from the crime scene had the words delayed, deny, and depose written across them. One word per bullet. Police had been looking into the words, which title, A 2010 book critiquing the insurance industry may point to a motive. Well, it's pretty clear they do point to a motive at this point. Meanwhile, the police say that the suspect's notebook described a rationale for the CEO's killing quote, what do you do? You whack the CEO at the annual parasitic bean counter convention. It's targeted, precise, and doesn't risk innocence.


Okay, so again, it's very obvious why this happened. It's also bizarre how everybody is trying to fit this person into one political box or another, right? Meaning there's an attempt to fit this person into the sort of blue collar rising up against the system box. That's not correct. This person grew up incredibly rich. His parents are incredibly rich. Presumably they could have helped pay for whatever back bills he had and the person he shot. Brian Thompson actually grew up relatively poor and made his way to the CEO of UnitedHealth, whether you like what he did or not as the head of UnitedHealth. Also, this person's politics were somewhat bizarrely heterodox. He, as I say, existed in an online sphere that was sort of center right, perhaps in some context, right?


He, he quoted Tucker Carlson. At one point. He had quoted a wide variety of of other sort of sensored accounts, but then about six months ago, it appears that he had some sort of mental break, right? It appears that according to the the contemporaneous accounts, he had a really bad back problem and that this led him to chronic pain, maybe to painkillers. Many of the books he was exploring we're talking about the use of psychedelics and all the rest of this. So there's an attempt to paint him as some sort of Robinhood type hero here, according to the Washington Post, even when Luigi Mangione was surrounded with people who cared about him, he was isolated by his spinal defect that gave the athletic young man crippling pain and contributed to a jaundice view of the American healthcare system on Reddit in April, Manji foreshadowed that skepticism about the healthcare industry as he offered advice for getting a doctor per to perform spinal surgery.


He wrote, tell them, you are unable to work or do your job. We live in a capitalist society. I found the medical industry responds to these keywords far more urgently than you describing unbearable pain and how to impacting your quality of life. Nothing in his Reddit post indicated violence intentions. His attorney is not responding to request for comment at this point. We'll get to more on that in just a second.


First, let's talk about something that actually works efficient. Business finance management. You wanna know how to run your company's finances smoother than a well oiled machine. Check out Ramp. Ramp is a corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket Ramp gives your finance team unprecedented and control over company spending. You can issue cards to every employee with actual limits and restrictions, a novel concept. In today's world of runway expenses, ramps accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time. No more chasing down receipts. Your employees won't waste hours on expense reports, allowing you to close your books eight times faster. Unlike most so-called Money Saving Solutions Ramp actually puts cash back in your pocket businesses using Ramp, saving an average of 5% in their very first year. Plus, it's easier to set up than my son's Lego sets. You can get started issue virtual and physical cards and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. Whether you have five employees or 5,000 and Now, get $250 when you join Ramp. Go to Ramp dot com slash SHAPIRO. That's Ramp dot com slash SHAPIRO, RA p.com/ SHAPIRO. Cards issued by Sutton Bank member, FDIC, terms and conditions to apply this Ramp dot com slash SHAPIRO.


Also, it can be tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. It's very cool. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism. This means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What actually sets Lumin apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. With the crazy news cycle and the ton of traveling I've been doing lately, the device is an absolute lifesaver. It takes my unique metabolic data. It crafts a personalized nutrition plan for everyday tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal and gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step at improving your health, head on over to lumen.me/ SHAPIRO. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use code SHAPIRO for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen. Do me and get 15% off your lumen today. Start personalizing your health with Lumen lumen.me.


Okay? The reason that I bring up the question of whether human life is now considered sacred is because of the many people, mainly on the left, but not entirely on the left, who seem to believe that the answer is at the very least qualified. That somehow violence can be justified in individual cases, and this, this would be almost a textbook example of terrorism. It is in fact terrorism When you are attempting to affect political change through murder this way, there are a group of people on the left who seem to be kind of fine with that. Elizabeth Warren is chief on that list. Elizabeth Warren, she suggested while appearing with Joy Reed, the least joyful joy there is that violence may not be the answer, but, but, but, but, but you can only push people so far.


We'll say it over and over. Violence is never the answer. This guy gets a trial who's allegedly killed the CEO of UnitedHealth, but you can only push people so far, and then they start to take matters into their own hands. Yeah, It's a natural consequence. You see, well, it turns out that there are a hundred million people, 200 million people in the United States who may not be happy with their healthcare, and it turns out it is not a natural consequence that they go and shoot the head of UnitedHealth. It is not indicative of your level of pain that if you have more pain, you are therefore morally absolved from shooting people. Because again, one of the principles we tend to hold sacred in a civilized society is you don't murder folks. The fact that this has now been made of subject to political debate is rather sick.


It is a rather large problem. We should be disgusted by murder. Now, the question of what we do about the healthcare system is wildly complex. Anybody who attempts to simplify it beyond the complex is lying to you. That's particularly true of fools and leeches and complete pustules on the ass of society like Bernie Sanders. So Bernie Sanders continues in the aftermath. I mean, this would be like the second person in the last 10 years who's picked up Bernie Sanders's call to action with regard to healthcare and then picked up a gun and done something about it. You'll recall that it was a Bernie Sanders fan who shot up a congressional baseball game game and nearly killed Steve Scalise. The house majority whip. Well, here's Bernie. He he ain't stopping. Can't stop, won't stop if you're a socialist, giant waste of space.


Is healthcare a human right? Should every American be entitled to healthcare, whether they're rich or poor, young or old? And you know what the American people say? They say, yeah, we do believe that. Right? And yet you'll have, to your point, very few people in Congress, in the democratic body, in the publican body who really say, you know, healthcare is a human right. The function of healthcare should not be to make huge profits for the insurance companies and the drug companies, but to provide quality care to all people. Now, you know what, that's a hard thing to do for any country on earth. No system is perfect, but we have got to establish the premise. Healthcare is a human right, not just a commodity for large corporations to make money from.


Okay, let, let's be clear about what he's saying here. He is such a fool. He's a fool. Logically, he's a fool in terms of system building. It's just foolish when he says healthcare is a human right. What he seems to mean by that is that healthcare descends from the clouds like rain on everyone. That is not how rights work. Okay? If I have a right to free speech, what that means is that you have a duty not to interfere with my free speech if I have a right to a house. Now, what you're declaring is that I have a right to demand from a construction worker, that he billed me a house, that people provide me the resources for that house. That's a very different kind of thing. Declaring something a right, that is not in fact just what you would have in the absence of other human action.


If you declare something that I, that I'm owed something from someone else, a right? If you do that, the natural consequences is that if someone denies you, that thing, they're quote unquote denying you that. Right? Okay. Now that that is only problem number one with what he's saying. He is also seeming to suggest, and he admits that there's no perfect healthcare system. But then he says the American healthcare system is about creating profits as though again, prophets are somehow the dramatic enemy of efficiency, of efficacy, of research and development. Okay? That's such a lie. It's stupid. If you nationalized healthcare today, healthcare across the United States in terms of quality would get worse. It did. In Britain, it has pretty much everywhere it's been tried.


The most successful healthcare systems are largely privatized healthcare systems, whether you're talking about Switzerland or whether they're talking about Singapore. But all of that's irrelevant. The bottom line is that what Bernie Sanders is actually doing is he's establishing a moral matrix in which anyone who opposes his agenda actually is in favor of death and thus deserves whatever is coming to them. This kind of politics is wrong, it is bad, and it is ugly. Alright? Meanwhile, the Trump transition continues to go swimmingly for the president-elect. President Trump has just been named the time person of the year. Again, this would be his second time as time person of the year, which of course perfectly deserved. I'm not sure who else it would be.


Apparently the, the other people who are on the list were Vice President Kamala Harris. She wasn't gonna win. Obviously Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, again, there's a case to be made, but when you're elected president of the United States for a second time after losing an election, that's pretty damned historic and the entire world shapes itself to your priorities. Pretty amazing. Elon Musk was named a possibility. And Kate Middleton. Okay? So again, big win for President Trump here. I'm sure that that will be framed. He called it a great honor back in 2016 and deemed a Time magazine, a great magazine at the time. This is reflective by the way of some of the poll numbers that have come out with regard to President Trump.


He is enjoying for the first time a real honeymoon. So he really didn't get a honeymoon in 20 16, 20 17, because too many people were so angry that he'd been elected in the first place. But he has a honeymoon now. Right now, in terms of dealing with the economy, 39% of Americans say they have a lot of confidence in President Trump dealing with the economy, and it adds to that another 27% who say that they have some confidence for President Trump in dealing with the economy, adding up to 66% of the public about somewhere in that neighborhood. Only 35% of the public suggests that they have no confidence in him handling the war between Russia and Ukraine.


Full on, 63% of Americans say that they have a lot of confidence or some confidence in him handling the war between Russia and Ukraine. When it comes to dealing with immigration policy, that number is 61% when it comes to providing real leadership for the country, the number's 59% handling foreign affairs, 55%. Even when it comes to things like using the power of the presidency responsibly, he has a 54% approval rating. People saying they have a lot of confidence or some confidence in him. This is a real polling honeymoon for the president elect, and there's a reason for that. It's because he's already the president. Let's be real about this. No one thinks of Joe Biden as the president of the United States. No one because his term was a waste of space.


He set the world on fire. He lit 40 year highs in inflation, and he's still president and he's dead, and everyone knows it somewhere. Joe Biden is still wandering the earth like Bigfoot, a mythical creature deemed humanoid, but nobody knows where he is, what he's doing, or why anyone considers him president anymore. Meanwhile, the effects of the upcoming Trump administration are already taking effect. Chris Ray, the FBI director, has decided that he's going to step down. Again. That is not a giant shock, considering that Ray was going to be fired anyway. And yes, the President-elect will have the ability to fire whomever is the FBI director. At that point. The term is 10 years, but it's not a set term. That's the maximum the FBI director is supposed to serve.


Of course, the FBI repeatedly investigated Trump, including by searching Mar-a-Lago for classified documents. In 2022, president Trump responded by declaring the stepping down a great day for America. Ray said, I've decided the right thing for the Bureau is for me to serve until the end of the current administration in January and then step down. This is the best way to avoid dragging the Bureau deeper into the fray while reinforcing the values and principles that are so important to how we do our work. Meanwhile, again, the president-elect of the United States is quite happy to see him go. K Patel is about to take over. K Patel, of course, is going to go with a, with a comb through the FBI and try and find members of the deep state who are so intent on thwarting President Trump's ambitions during Trump term number one.


So things are about to change pretty dramatically. Meanwhile, many of the attempts to hit President Trump's nominee are just falling apart. So for example, Pete Hegseth, he became the target of a supposed attempted scoop by ProPublica, which is a left winging hack group. As Hegseth understandably writes, he put out on X the following statement, we understand that ProPublica, the left-wing hack group, is planning to publish a knowingly false report that I was not accepted to West Point in 1999. Here's my letter of acceptance signed by West Point Superintendent. Lieutenant General Daniel Chrisman, US Army. Okay? Apparently, ProPublica said that they were not going to run the piece only because of what Hegseth had done.


So what happened is that West Point told the outlet on two occasions that Hegseth did not even apply to the academy. But then Hegseth people sent Publica the acceptance letter. So good thing he kept all of those letters. If not, they probably would've pub published that false story, a story that was simply not the truth. Okay, in just one second, we'll get to more developments from Trump world.


First is The Daily Wire. When we say join us in the fight, these are the kinds of fights we're talking about. It's fighting Joe Biden's vaccine mandate, taking the battle all the way to the Supreme Court and winning, protecting your rights against governmental overreach. It's taking our fight directly to Congress, challenging gars bias, censorship of conservative voices, and winning. It's being groundbreaking. Documentaries like What Is a Woman Disrupting Hollywood with our nationwide theatrical release of Am I Racist? The number one documentary of the Decade at The Daily Wire. When we fight, we win, but we can't do it without your support. There's never been a better time to join than right now. If you're already a member, this is a perfect time to give the gift of DailyWire Plus to others. It's now 40% off. Go to DailyWire dot com to join or give the gift of DailyWire Plus today.


Okay? Meanwhile, the Trump bump continues. That is particularly true with regard to the economy. According to Axios, confidence among America's top chief executives is soaring after president-elect Trump's reelection with high hopes the former president will usher in an era of low taxes and regulations. Mainstream economists warned the economy will take a hit from some of Trump's proposals, but business leaders see a brighter outlook for their industries in the months ahead. That, of course, is not a giant shock, considering that Trump has been overtly pro-business throughout both of his terms. That is particularly true. Now, he announced just the other day that if you invest a billion dollars in the United States, he's going to expedite all of the regulatory approvals that are necessary in order to get that investment going. Cisco, CEO, Chuck Robbins, who chairs the Business Roundtable, said in a statement, the top executives feel energized by Washington.


Set to consider measures that can protect and strengthen tax reform, enable a sensible regulatory environment and drive investment and job creation. Nearly 80% of the lobbying group's, CEO members, expect higher sales in the next six months. That is a very, that is a very large number. Again, the the reality is that Donald Trump is about to unlock the economy in dramatic ways, which is very good news for the country in general. Other good news for the president, John Boone now says that the tax cuts are going to go forward. That the goal of the Senate Republicans is to get the tax cuts done. It should basically just be a clean tax cut.


I don't think they should try to fuss around with extending the Donald Trump tax cuts or making them permanent. You know, trying to add things to the bill is likely to fail. It's likely to be a waste of time. Instead, they should just go for what, what they've got, get it done. The margin is too narrow in the Senate, is too narrow in the house. And so that would be my hope. I think that is most likely to happen at this moment. It's worth giving some credit to Kristen Sinema, as well as Senator Joe Manchin, both independents who left the Democratic Party during the last several years. They rejected a proposal by Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, just before he leaves office to try and ram through a bunch of federal government nominees. According to Politico, the Senate failed to end debate on a bid to extend the tenure of Lauren McFaren at the National Labor Relations Board.


After drama on the Senate floor and a final decisive, no vote from Joe Manchin. Schumer was hoping to extend McFarland's tenure at the NLRB to give Democrats effective control of the body into 2026. Halfway through President Trump's term, the Florida State opened at length, awaiting a decision from Manchin with the tally tide At 49. He then emerged and said, no. So did Arizona Senator Kristen Sinema, because I guess the bottom line for them is why are we handing an extension of Joe Biden's power over to the NLRB when he is going to be leaving and Republicans are gonna be taking the chamber. So good for them. Seriously, that is it. That is a good thing. Speaking of Democrats who have a decent head on their shoulder at this point, John Federman, it's not just that he has a good head on his shoulder with regard to Israel.


He's also joining President Trump's social media platform and calling for a pardon in New York for Trump in his very first post. So he suggested the Trump hush money and Hunter Biden cases were both BS and pardons are appropriate. So he's trying to justify what he's saying about Trump by appealing to the Hunter Biden case. But he's totally right about the Trump hush money case. That one is a joke and Federman coming out and saying it. He's right about that. Of course. Meanwhile, Joe Biden, remember that guy? He's still president. While it turns out he's still wildly unpopular by polling data. Only two in 10 Americans approve of Joe Biden pardoning his son Hunter, and that that is a terrible number. That number by the way, includes only 38% of Democrats.


Only 38% of Democrats approve of the Hunter Biden. Pardon? Which is kind of amazing. Joe Biden is leaving in infamy. He should be leaving in infamy about six in 10 white adults, disapprove of the pardon compared with slightly less than half of Hispanic adults, and three in 10 black adults, relatively large shares of black and Hispanic Americans. About three in 10 were neutral, however, so again, Joe Biden humiliating himself as per his usual arrangement. Meanwhile, bill Clinton is almost begging for a pardon for Hillary Clinton. He is still afraid that perhaps the DOJ will be unleashed on his wife, wife over her mishandling of classified materials.


Here is Bill Clinton yesterday saying it's a phony story. Those deleted emails, it, it wasn't, by the way, Do you think it would be wise of President Biden to preemptively pardon any potential targets? What about your wife, Hillary Clinton? She apparently is on cash patel's list. For what? Yeah, Well, they got a problem with her because first she didn't do anything wrong. Of course, second of course, thought of the rules exactly as they were written. Third Trump's State Department, Trump's State Department found. You remember how the emails was such a big issue in 2016? Oh yeah.


Trump's State Department found that Hillary sent and received exactly zero classified emails on her personal device. It was a whole, it was a made up phony story. Yeah. So, you know, I guess if Cas Patella is determined to make one up, he could do it. Okay. And then Bill Clinton goes on to say, well, maybe we should talk a preemptive pardon for Hillary. Hell, why? Why not? I mean, if you're talking about people who corrupted the pardon process, bill Clinton was first on that list. If President Biden wanted to talk to me about that, I would talk to him about it. But I don't think I should be giving public advice on the pardon power. I think it's too, it's a very personal thing.


Mm. The pardon power is a personal thing. According to Bill Clinton. Oh, he, a lot of things were personal things when Bill Clinton was president. And meanwhile, in other good news for Republicans and for the country in general, according to Corey Lou, the adjunct professor at the University of Texas School of Law, the Fifth Circuit has now held that the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission acted unlawfully in approving a NASDAQ policy that forced corporate boards to implement an identity based diversity quota looking at race, sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity, or to provide a written explanation for why they failed to meet the quota. This is like a real thing the SEC attempted to do. They approved a NASDAQ policy that said that if you wish to be listed on the nasdaq, you had to put forward a statement explaining why you didn't have more gay with people and women on your board or some such nonsense.


So the Fifth Circuit said that that is a violation of the law. They suggested that this idea of diversity mandate coming from the SEC is a joke, as it absolutely is. Again, DEI is about to die a horrifying death, a well-deserved, horrifying death under President Trump. And guess what? The American people are ready for it. It's a brand new pullout from Manhattan Institute, and it asks a simple question with regard to questions of quote unquote racial equity. Which approach do you prefer for addressing racial inequality Approach? One. We should focus on creating a race conscious society to repair the harms of the past by developing policies that benefit marginalized groups. Or option two, we should focus on creating a colorblind society where everyone is treated equally regardless of the color of their skin.


And so option one would be sort of the Black Lives Matter I Max Kendi idea that everybody should be super racially conscious and that we should redistribute outcomes based on race. And number two is the MLK prospect that we should treat everybody individually without reference to skin color. 68% of Americans believe in colorblindness. Only 21% of Americans actually believe in the, in the Imex Kendi version of society. By the way, among black voters, 50% agree with the MLK proposal. Just 37% agree with the woke proposal even among Democrats. In general, 56% believe in the race blind proposition. 36% believe on creating a race conscious society to repair the harms of the past by developing policies that benefit marginalized groups.


It just demonstrates the vast gap between the Democratic elites and the rest of the country, including their own democratic base. Pretty amazing stuff. Again, the the left has fundamentally misunderstood the American people. They fundamentally misunderstand them, and the American people are done with this trash. They're done with it. They're done with DEI. They're done with wokeness. They're done with the idea that boys can be girls. They're done with the basic idea that we are not allowed to live by traditional morality or believe traditionally moral things, they're, they're just on the American public, have had enough of it. They were promised that if they kept feeding the alligator slowly, eventually the alligator would give up. And it turned out the American people kept feeding the alligator and then the alligator took a foot and then a leg, and then a torso.


And now they're done. They're finished With all of this. The sea change is coming and not a moment too soon, not a moment. Now it's not gonna go without a little bit of violence, obviously. Just another indicator of where we stand in the country. Two days ago, an Illinois man allegedly attacked a South Carolina congresswoman, Nancy Mace on the US Capitol grounds over her views on trans identifying men in women's spaces. According to Mace, his DailyWire report, I was physically accosted tonight on Capitol grounds over my fight to protect women. Capitol police have arrested him. All the violence and threats keep proving our point. Women deserve to be safe. Your threats will not stop my fight for women. She ended up wearing a, a sling into Congress.


Apparently the Capitol Police told The Daily Wire they arrested a person accused of assaulting her on Tuesday evening. That person was a 33-year-old trans rights advocate. Apparently this person reportedly went through security screening before entering the congressional buildings where the incident occurred.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/ SHAPIRO. They'll do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/ SHAPIRO today. That's silencer shop.com/ SHAPIRO. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


Well, meanwhile, president Trump has basically proposed that we annex Canada and I feel like they will greet us as liberators at this point 'cause Justin Trudeau is just absolutely the worst. So Justin Trudeau spent the day yesterday bashing Americans for not electing women. I'd like to point out at this point that Canada, I believe, had one female prime minister who lasted something like six months. And unless you count Justin Trudeau, who may in fact identify as woman at this point, this man is so unbelievably stupid. And also probably Fidel Castro's kid. And a lot of people are angry at me 'cause I don't believe in enough conspiracy theories. That's my favorite one. So I'm just gonna put it out there. These Fidel Castro's kid, whether it's true or not, it's hilarious. Anyway, here's Justin Trudeau bashing Americans for not electing Hillary Clinton or Kamala Harris.


I'd almost forgotten Kamala Harris' name. That's how quickly she passed from the national consciousness. It's amazing. Here she was. Here, was she? Here was Justin Trudeau yesterday, Which shouldn't be that way. It wasn't supposed to be that way. We were supposed to be on a steady, if difficult, sometimes march towards progress. And yet, just a few weeks ago, the United States voted for a second time to not elect its first woman president everywhere. Women's rights and women's progress is under attack overtly and subtly. But I want you to know that I am and always will be a proud feminist.


You will always have an ally in me and in my government. Man, they, we will, we will be greeted as liberators. I want the tearing down of the Justin Trudeau statues. They'll be flying American flags. Donald Trump will roll in there with like three of his boys and just take over all of Canada. If this is the quality of man that Canada has decided to make the Prime Minister, my goodness, Pierre Pev can't come fast enough. That is for damned sure. I've noticed that the Canadians have become quite humorless about this. So for example, the Canadian Green Party leader, a person named Elizabeth Evans. I noticed by the way, Justin Trau not giving up his seat to her. In any case, she says it is not funny that Donald Trump is saying that we are going to annex Canada. Not funny at all, by the way. It isn't just Canada. Don't worry. It's also Greenland mean.


Why the hell not? Let's expand the real estate holdings of the United States. Here is the green party leader in Canada, which is a silly country. I have to say that that that to the extent that this 51st state thing was a joke. It's not funny. No, It's really bothered. And I find that pursuing it on social media makes me increasingly nervous. Mr. Trump nervous has, we have to be very, very careful with the president-elect and we have to pull together, I think all opposition party leaders and premiers all elements of the Canadian political establishment such as we are better pulled together to make sure we don't create any cracks that allow Fox News or Mr.


Trump's social media to exploit us and say things about Canada that aren't true. No, no, no. Everything we're saying about Canada is true. It's a silly country that makes maple syrup up hockey and annoying prime ministers. That, and, and by the way, that is, it is funny. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You have no sense of humor. Green party lady. That is not a shock. Of course, the lady from the Canadian Green Bar, she's a joke. She wouldn't be able to tell a joke because she is one. It's not funny. Of course. It's funny that Donald Trump called Justin Trudeau the governor of our 51st state. That's hilarious. I love it. It's great. And again, I'm, I'm not saying we should, you know, take, I'm not saying Canadians should vote in American elections, God forbid, or something. I mean, we can annex it and then just call an airline territory or something like Puerto Rico, but of the north kind of into it.


All righty, folks coming up, we'll get into Tony Blinken testifying before Congress and of course, just being a representative of the worst administration in modern history. If you're not a member, become member Use Coach SHAPIRO. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us


As a man. Finding a good pair of pants can feel impossible, but Jack archer's jet setting tech pants make it easy made with top tier fabric from Japan. That resist wrinkles, stains, and keep you comfortable all day. They're perfect for all day office wear, long flights, nights out, and even around a golf. Seriously, these might be the only pants you'll ever need. For a limited time, get 20% off using Code DailyWire at jack archer.com. That's 20% off your order with Code DailyWire at jack archer.com.