
Well folks, tons of news to get to and we'll explain sort of why we are abroad in the very near future.


First, The Daily Wire doesn't just bring you the stories you need to know, we bring you to the center of the story. While legacy media filters the truth through bias and spin, we deliver it unfiltered ad free politics, culture, entertainment. We don't just cover the fight, we are in it. Join us right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So we were off yesterday. As I say for travel, you'll know why in very short order. However, while we were off, the Pope passed away. That of course was long expected. He'd been sick for a while. We talked about it on the show just a few weeks ago with my friend Michael Knowles who explained how the conclave will work and what the Pope's legacy is. Pope Francis' legacy, according to the left media is that he was leftist. That is how left media are playing it. They played it all the way this weekend. The entire left media was basically united in the idea that Pope Francis was important because he isn't. President Trump here is a compendium of various members of the media, basically suggesting that his sole importance lies in the fact that he opposed many of the Trump administration agenda items.


Pope Francis has been vocal speaking out against ways that the Trump administration has handled migrant issues to also issues across Europe. Even before he was elected in 2016, the Pope talked about this idea of building walls to keep out migrants is something that he said was un-Christian and this sort of continued over the course of his presidencies. Many on the hard right inside the church were shocked that this folk would actually borrow from Jesus Christ and living that simple life. Again, the reason that the left-leaning media like Pope Francis is because again, I speak as somebody who really does not have a dog in this particular fight, is because he was a liberation theologist.


He is somebody who believed in a sort of Marxism mix up with Roman Catholicism and what that meant is that on economic issues, on issues ranging from migration to distribution of resources to the environment, he put heavy focus on a very left wing perspective. Now, what people in the media like to ignore was the fact that Pope Francis actually was still traditional on issues ranging from same-sex marriage to abortion to transgenderism. He said many of the same things that Pope Benedict had said before Pope Benedict resigned back in 2013. That is when Pope Francis took over. But the media of course, very celebratory of Pope Francis in a way they never were of Pope Benedict specifically because he said things that sounded different than the papa he had in the past.


According to the New York Times, which of course was celebrating Pope Francis, Francis steadily steered the church in another direction, restocking its leadership with a diverse array of bishops who shared his pastoral welcoming approach as he sought to open up the church. And this is of course the way that the left-leaning media treats Pope Francis is that he opened up the church. We made it broader and more appealing to people. Now what we are seeing in the United States actually in terms of the numbers is that more young Americans are turning toward Catholicism, but it's more traditional forms. Not in these sort of left-leaning forms that Catholicism seems to be taking these days. But going back to things like Latin Mass and my friends who are Catholic, many of our staffers who are Catholic Daily Wire is disproportionately Catholic. Actually many of the people who work for us are people who go to traditional Latin mass and go to more traditional Roman Catholic churches.


However, according to the media, the importance of Pope Francis is that he was essentially moving the entire church to the left, according to the New York Times, many rank and file Catholics approved believing the church had become inward looking and distant from ordinary people. Now again, did they have any polling data to support the idea that the left word leaning moves of the church have somehow been a salutary good for the They do not. It's just many people believe Francis reached out to migrants the poor, that destitute the victims of sexual abuse by Catholic clergy members and to alienated gay Catholics. He traveled to often forgotten in far-flung countries and sought to improve relations with an antagonistic Chinese government, Muslim clerics and leaders from across the fragmented Christian world. And again, the the the sort of extraordinarily positive view that the media hold of any pope is dependent on that pope doing what they believe to be the bidding of the political left.


This is why they were puzzled when the day before the Pope passed away, vice President JD Vance visited. Now they're very happy that the Pope seemed to give him a bit of a lecture on migration. But the fact that JD Vance, who's a fairly recent convert to Catholicism was meeting with the Pope, was somewhat puzzling to them in the first place. They, they don't have any trouble understanding why Nancy Pelosi an extraordinarily pro-abortion pro transgenderism pro same-sex marriage person is a Catholic or Joe Biden, even though they violate Catholic doctrine at every turn, but they had some sort of hangup when it came to JD Vans. According to the Wall Street Journal. In his final hours, Pope Francis met vice president JD Vance and delivered an Easter message on a theme that was central to his papacy, an appeal for better treatment of migrants, another vulnerable and marginalized people.


And his final Easter message read out by an aide Francis called for an end to the conflicts in Ukraine, Gaza, and Sudan and condemned hardline immigration policies again. Now again, it's very nice for the Pope to condemn war. Also, it would be good if you know maybe he took a moral stance on some of those wars which actually do have a moral component. It turns out that the wars in Ukraine, Gaza, Sudan, these are not just conflicts that randomly break out across the planet. They actually have moral underpinnings. And you know, speaking as a critic of Pope Francis, because I believe that the Pope was not morally clear on a wide variety of conflicts and on a wide variety of issues ranging from economics to international politics, I wish he had said more about the actual underlying morality of say the conflict in Gaza.


And by that I mean it would've been nice if he had not done a nativity scene at the Vatican that posed baby Jesus as a Palestinian for example. Or if he had suggested that maybe Hamas needed to go and in Ukraine it would've been great if the Pope had actually said Russian aggression in Ukraine is evil and wrong. That that would've been great. I would've liked more of that sort of thing from Pope. The same thing holds true with regard to economics. I wish that Pope Francis had not been so enthralled to, as the Wall Street Journal editorial board says ideologies that keep the poor in poverty. The Pope was a radical environmentalist and so he was constantly criticizing capitalism when the reality is that poor people across the world need more capitalism and better property rights. Not the opposite. The Wall Street Journal editorial board says his papacy was marked by anti-Americanism and not merely against Donald Trump.


He seems to believe Latin America is poor because the United States is rich. That of course is a hallmark of liberation theology, which is a left-leaning ma mashup, as I said, of sort of Marxist economics with Catholic social teaching as the Wall Street Journal said, some attribute his hostility to free Marcus to his Latin American background, born in Buenos, but Francis at a young age was made the provincial superior for a Jesuit order in Argentina during the time of the military. Junta there's a hard line to walk some and his order accused him of unfairly being too friendly with the regime. And Argentina of course during Pope Francis' tenure when he was in Argentina was run by Juan and Avita Peron and Peronism was a Marxist brand of centralized politics.


And of course it's also true that the Pope reached out. Pope Francis reached out to the Chinese Communist party in unique ways. He attempted to make common cause with the Chinese Communist Party. He actually gave the communist party in China influence on who exactly would be the bishops in China, which is not a great way to do your religion. And one of the kind of great things about the history of Catholicism is that when Catholics were sending priests all over the world to minister to people, they weren't actually changing the underlying logic of the Catholic church. If you are making your pick for bishop subjects to the Chinese Communist party which hates God and hates Catholicism and hates religion, that is not a great way to do it. Now again, I'm being very critical of the Pope here because the media decided that the Pope's politics were the thing that made him who he was.


You can also make the case that what made the Pope who he was was his empathy and this was sort of the other strain of coverage of the Pope death was the fact that Pope Francis was very clearly empathetic to the poor. They spent an awful lot of time with the poor ministering to the poor and that of course is a wonderful thing in a world in which however the big issues of the day are so much in turmoil and when moral leadership has never been more wanting, I'm hoping that the next Pope and I'm again, I'm speaking as an outsider because I'm not a Catholic, but the Pope is a large moral voice to a billion people. I'm hoping that the next Poe, the next Pope provides more moral clarity with regard to the things that matter.


Because if, if the church is gonna stand for anything, if it's going to gain adherence, then it has to maintain the sort of moral center of eternal values upon which it has been based. It's, I write a lot about the Catholic church in my book, the right side of History because the Catholic church for a thousand years was the preserver of Christendom. I mean that's what it was until the rise of Protestant Tism and even after the rise of Protestantism, it was the the sort of battle between Catholicism and Protestantism that made Europe what it was. The piece of West failure was based on the idea religious toleration was based on the idea that no one was going to win the war between Catholics and Protestants. And so religious diversity should bloom within a certain framework, right? All of this makes a huge difference in the history of the West and so a robust and useful Catholic church would be a good thing.


The Catholic Church has been fading in recent decades, not just because of the assault of secularism but because like pretty much every mainline religion it has been imbibing from the well of modernity and casting out its own spiritual values and that is not going to have long-term good impact on faith, on those eternal values themselves. We get to more on this in just one moment.


First, you know what, I hate big government, right? You know what else? I hate being overcharged. There's just a few things that I hate. It's like the reverse of the sound of music. Pure Talk. The cell phone company I use for business every day is helping you save money on your cell phone bill. That is correct. Pure Talk says, I don't think so to a hundred dollars a month cell phone plans, that's just wasteful. It's irresponsible. Instead they're offering America's Most dependable 5G network in America's most sensible prices. Listen to this unlimited talk texts 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot for just 35 bucks a month. The best part right now you get a free one year membership two, the Daily Wire Plus, which is a lot of great stuff that's Uncensored ad free daily shows, the free leftist tears to like the whole deal. And with Pure Talks US customer service team, you can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro switch on over to Pure Talk at Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with qualifying plan. Pure Talk is wireless by Americans for Americans, their coverage is excellent. I use them all the time obviously you should too. Go check them out right now. Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with qualifying plan.


Also, if you're a homeowner, you should listen to this. Did you know somebody can literally steal your house? This is real and it does happen. A scammer can forge your signature in one document, use a fake notary stamp and spend about 40 bucks to file that at the county recorder's office. Then they take out loans by using your home as collateral which unlocks all the value in your home. You won't even know that that's happening until you start getting collection and foreclosure notices in the mail. Most people don't check on their home title once escrow closes. That's why it's critical to find out right now. If you're already a victim by heading on over to home title lock.com, they'll give you a free title history report, provide you with million dollar triple lock protection to help keep your home and equity safe. That is one of the reasons I recommend Home Title Lock. Many people including our senior video editor, Adam Trust, home title Lock to protect their assets. If you want a feeling of safety and security about this particular issue, home title lock makes it happen for you the same way it does for Adam, yet 24 7 monitoring of your title urchins alerts. If there are any changes and a fraud does happen, their US-based restoration team will spend up to a million dollars to fix the fraud and restore your title When you go to home title lock.com, go there right now, use promo code Shapiro, you get free 14 day trial and title history report. Find out if you're already a victim. That's home title lock.com promo code Shapiro.


Now What Comes Next? Well, the conclave comes next. The conclave of course, has been made famous in literature and film. Essentially the card the College of Cardinals gets together and then they vote on who ought to be the next pope. The idea being it's kind of a beautiful idea that God sits in the midst of the quorum and not, not an idea that is unique to Catholicism. We have that sort of analog of that in Judaism. The idea is that if if you have 10 men who are praying together, then God kind of sits on that quorum. The same thing I suppose happens with regard to the College of Cardinals. The idea that God acts through man in history according to NPR with the death of Pope Francis, the elaborate mechanism will now begin to decide who sits in power. At the Vatican, the seat of the last absolute monarchy in Europe, it centers around the conclave a gathering whose name stems from the Latin for with key, which comes from the 13th century because back in 1268 the church went nearly three years without a pope.


So they actually locked the cardinals in and they put them on water and bread until they could come up with a new Pope. Cardinals in the conclave will be locked away within the Vatican. They're cut off from the outside world. So it's kind of like sequestering the jury as they deliberate news outlets point cameras at the papal chimney and then you find out who was the pope, who's the new Pope when the white smoke emerges from the chimney in the conclave, there are a number of candidates who are up for the the papacy. Some are more conservative, many are not. Pope Francis stacked the top levels of the College of Cardinals and the Vatican with people who are like-minded. The Washington Post has a rundown on some of the top contenders, including a man from Stockholm named Anders Aelius who is 75.


My guess is they're gonna go with somebody younger because after having two very elderly popes, I think that it would probably behoove them to go with somebody who is younger. Aelius is 75, he's actually born a Lutheran and then converted to Catholicism when he was 20. He has suggested the creation of a special advisory body of women. He advocates openness to refugees and again he is more left-leaning. There's Charles Mong Bo from Myanmar. He's 76. He has been outspoken against the violence inflicted by the country's military hta. According to the Washington Post, and again he's made a cardinal by Pope Francis. You have candidates from France, from Congo, you have candidates from Manila.


Perhaps the the front runner right now, at least in the the mind of the media is a man named Luis Antonio Gogel, who is from Manila. He's 67. He's considered closely aligned with Francis. He has criticized the harsh and severe rhetoric. Catholic clerics used to describe members of the LGBTQ plus community, divorced people in unwed mothers. He was born in Manila, his mom is of Chinese heritage. His father is Tagalog from Philippines. So again, it was he was proclaimed to Cardinal by Benedict. But the idea here is that he would continue the sort of left-leaning march of the Vatican and then you have some nominees who are more conservative. So for example, Peter Ado from Budapest, he's the metropolitan archbishop of Este Budapest in Hungary.


He's one of the more conservative members of the College of Cardinals. So when Pope Francis declared in December, 2023, the Catholic priest could bless but not marry same-sex couples. Eddo appeared to oppose the decision in his Christmas Eve sermon. He has opposed allowing divorce and remarried Catholics to receive communion as well. So he's sort of more traditionalist. So it'll be fascinating to see who emerges as the next Pope. And of course the whole world does have a stake in that because the Pope is the spiritual leader for a billion people. Our condolences go out obviously to all Catholics today because whether you agree with Pope Francis or not, when the Pope passes away, that means an enormous amount to our Catholic friends and neighbors and may his memory and his work be a blessing to them.


Meanwhile, when it comes to the United States, the economy continues to royal and tumble. Yesterday the stock market had a pretty terrible day. It was down by a thousand points in the Dow Jones Industrial average. Gold was up, bond yields were up, meaning people are moving away from bonds, they're moving toward gold, they're moving away from stocks. All of this demonstrating lack of faith in the underlying health of the American economy, de dollarization is happening. People are moving away from the dollar in international trade. A huge amount of this is due to the tariff war of course, that President Trump declared since that tariff war was declared. The stock market is down markedly over the course of President Trump's presidency. The down Jones industrial average is off somewhere between 13 and 15 points and something like 11 days in modern history in which the Dow Jones Industrial average has dumped a thousand points, four of those have come since President Trump declared his tariff war.


Now as I've said many times when it comes to tariffs, there are some things that tariffs are good for. So if you want to actually punish a country say like China, then a tariff is a useful thing if well calibrated. If you wanna protect a an industry that is crucial to national security, then tariffs are useful and you might use it to protect, say your ship building or your steel industry. If you feel that's crucial and we can have arguments about each of those industries, but that would be the purpose of a tariff or you could put a tariff on a country because you're attempting to get that country to lower its own tariffs, to escalate, to deescalate. However, launching a trade war on the entire world all at once turns out not to be something that helps the American economy.


It is not a well thought out policy and you are seeing that in the markets nearly every day. According to the Wall Street Journal, stocks fell with the Dow industrials dropping almost a thousand points and on pays for their worst April since 1932. By the way, for no reason, again, not for good reason. The underlying health of the Trump economy was good. The attempt to declare a trade war if you're gonna do so and you're gonna orient against China, as I've laid out, there are smart ways to do it. You have to first do the precon unconditional work in order to do a successful tariff war on China. You can't just launch the tariffs up to 245% and hope everything's gonna work out okay because it turns out you then have to blow holes through the middle of your tariff on things like auto parts or pharmaceuticals or for apple, which is what President Trump has already done.


If you actually want to fight a successful tariff war with China, a few things have to be done before you even start the tariff war with China. First you need to sign terrific free trade deals with everybody else in the world in order to orient them toward you and away from China. Two, you actually have to gradually raise the tariffs so as to allow people time to reshore their key industries away from China to Vietnam or to Indonesia or to Malaysia or wherever else they're going to reshore. Three, if you have really crucial industries, you have to take the time and cut the regulations such that those crucial industries have already reassured the United States before the supply gets cut off from China. Four, you actually have to have rare earth minerals, right? All the things you need from China need to be sourced elsewhere.


So when you cut off China, you're not cutting off your nose despite your face and five, you actually have to build up your military sufficient that if China feels boxed in and they go for Taiwan, you can deter them. You can do all that work before you actually launch a well calibrated trade war with China. Virtually none of that work was done, it was just sort of dumped out on the table that we were gonna do a giant trade war and then everything else was backfilled and the markets are reacting to that. If they thought that this was well thought out to markets, if people in the investment game thought that all of this was well calibrated and well thought out, you wouldn't see the markets moving up and down wildly. The volatility is the indicator. I mean overall you're seeing a decline, but you're also seeing volatility on a day-to-day level. People don't know what's going on.


One of the reasons that the market dumped yesterday is because President Trump decided that it would be a wonderful idea to attack Jerome Powell again. He put out a a series of truths in which he slammed Jerome Powell, the chair of the Federal Reserve, slammed him again and then he went on a a sort of truth spree talking about how people don't understand tariffs. Quote, the businessmen who criticize tariffs are bad at business but really bad at politics. They don't understand or realize that I am the greatest friend that American capitalism has ever had. Well, listen, I think that he's a friend to American capitalism, but you know what? The markets react to the policy. They don't react to just the perception of who they believe the president is.


They react to the policy and right now again, it is unclear whether President Trump is ratcheting up tariffs to ratchet them down, whether he's just attempting to protect key industries or whether he thinks trade is bad, like his advisor Peter Navarro, who is in fact not good at this. And if you want the markets to rise again, what you actually need to do Mr. President, is fire Peter Navarro who is quite bad at this and let your treasury secretary, Scott Bessant negotiate a bunch of great trade deals that is the best way out of this situation. President Trump openly went after Jerome Powell again suggesting that Jerome Powell needed to lower the interest rates. Jerome Powell is, is not going to preemptively lower the interest rates in the middle of a tariff war that is likely to increase prices.


President Trump calling on Powell to do this is like his get outta jail free card. I'm not gonna change my policy. Maybe Jerome Powell will do it. Jerome Powell isn't gonna do that because Jerome Powell is not going to lower the interest rates in the middle of an inflationary cycle. So President Trump put out a big statement on truth quote, preemptive cuts in interest rates are being called for by many with energy cost weigh down food prices including biden's egg disaster substantially lower and most other things trending down. There is virtually no inflation. Now again, that's true, but those are back looking numbers. The question is looking forward, will there be inflation if you break the supply chains? He says with these costs trending down so nicely, just what I predicted they would do. There can be almost no inflation but there can be a slowing of the economy unless Mr.


Too late Powell, a major loser, lowers interest rates. Now Europe has already lowered seven times. Powell has always been too late except when it came to the election period when he lowered in order to help sleepy Joe Biden later commonly get elected. How did that work out? Now I agree with him on that last part. I criticized Jer Powell for lowering the interest rates just before the election, which I saw as at least partially political. The the reason by the way that Europe is lowering its interest rates right now is 'cause it wants to dump a bunch of spending money into its own flailing economy and the European economy is falling into stagnation and so they want to try to inflate their own economy, plus they're about to spend a lot more money. You would think on the war in Ukraine because the United States is withdrawing its support gradually and not so gradually from Ukraine. We get to more on this in just one second.


First, a lot of things in life that are inevitable. The biggest one of course is death. And this is why you actually need to protect your family against the possibility of you plotting this is what Policygenuis is. Therefore, with Policygenuis you can find life insurance policies starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Their side by side comparison tool shows you quotes from top insurers across America completely free, no hidden fees. Their licensed experts are with you every step of the way, answering questions, handling paperwork, advocating for you so you can get the coverage you need and get back to living your life. 40% of people wish they had gotten life insurance earlier. Get ahead today, give you and your loved ones peace of mind knowing they'll be financially protected if something happens to you covering their everyday expenses, mortgage payments, even college tuition if you're no longer there to provide, don't just take my word for it. Thousands of satisfied customers have left five star views on Google and Trustpilot. No matter what stage of life you are in, Policygenuis helps you find the perfect coverage for your specific situation. Secure your family tomorrow so you have peace of mind today. Head on over to Policygenuis dot com slash shapiro, click the link in the description, get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save. It's Policygenuis dot com slash shapiro.


Also, tax day may have passed but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is unfortunately just beginning. If you missed that April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement every day. You wait only makes things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels we have not seen in years. Increased administrative scrutiny means collections are moving fast. The good news, there's time for tax Network USA to help you still self-employed or a business owner even if your books are a total mess, they have it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial cash, getting you back on track fast even after the deadline is still not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free. Acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro. You may have missed April 15th but you have not yet run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move. Again, you don't wanna face down the IRS alone. Tax Network USA will help you out. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tusa.com/shapiro.


Meanwhile, in a sign that again the United States did not do the kind of necessary work before launching the trade war that it should have done, China is cutting trade deals with everybody. This is the thing if you're gonna try and box in China, you actually have to work on the box. You have to work on everybody who's around China and cut excellent trade deals with all of those people so that if you say to them, choose between us and choose ch choose between China, they don't just say, Hey, how about both? How about both? Okay. Well according to the New York Times, the Chinese government on Monday warned other countries against curbing trade with China in order to win or reprieve from American tariffs promising to retaliate against countries that do so. The Chinese Ministry of Commerce said it was responding to foreign media reports that President Trump's administration was trying to press other countries on their trade with China as negotiating tactic.


The ministry said in a said in a statement, appeasement will not bring peace, compromise will not run respect. Seeking so-called exemptions by harming the interests of others from unselfish gain is like negotiating with a tiger for its skin. In the end, it'll only lead to a lose lose situation. China said that it would re resolutely, take countermeasures. Now the United States is significantly more powerful economically than China. It is just as a global power. We are significantly more powerful investment dollars flow into the United States and from the United States. There's a reason why the GDP per capita of the United States is a high multiple larger than that of China. China in aggregate is a strong country but of course 1.4 billion people live in China whereas only 330 million people live in the United States.


However, where China does have an advantage when it comes to fighting a trade war, for example, which is a centralized government policy, is that China is a centralized government. When I say they're a centralized government, I mean they're not subject to elections. So China can fight a trade war, impoverished its own citizens. Hell if its own citizens die. China's done that before the great leap forward killed 40 million people. China is no strangers to human rights violations against its own people. So if the question is who's gonna break first in a game of chicken between the Chinese Communist party and the Trump administration, which again is subject to the outside will of the American people who are gonna have midterm elections in a year and a half here. Well I mean that that this is why you better have your ducks in a row before you do something like that.


According to the Wall Street Journal, the idea that you can break trade and not break the capital flow side as a fantasy said Stephen Blitz chief US economist at Global Data ts Lombard markets settled down in recent days as Trump pulled back from a Maximalist stance on tariffs. Volatility soared after the president unspool his fluid and unpredictable trade policy On April 2nd, a brutal bond market selloff unfolded with 30 year yield notching their largest weekly increase in 1987. Despite decent bond auctions, the selloff occurred against the backdrop of a weakening dollar which normally strengthens during doubts of stress, right? People invest in what they think is going to bring at least a solid return in bonds. That's not happening. People are moving away from bonds, they're moving away from the dollar and they're moving away from stocks which demonstrates lack of faith in the currency economic policy or in the economy of the United States.


The president can still course correct here, make deals. We were promised deals make the deals seriously. We need like deals now, okay? That's what we need in the market. What we need are those excellent trade deals. President Trump was talking about, and by the way, we need the headlines on the trade deals. 'cause the reality is that our trade relationships, let's say Mexico or Canada, they weren't so bad. You know why they weren't so bad already? They weren't so bad already. 'cause President Trump already negotiated the US MCA with Mexico and Canada there. There's a lot of danger here for the Trump administration, not just in a sinking economy, but in the impact that could have on the Republican brand in the midterms and in the future. After the last election cycle, most analysts basically declared the Democratic party in cardiac arrest situation, right?


The EKG looked pretty terrible for the Democratic party. If you wanna inject electricity into the Democratic party, you wanna paddle the Democratic party back to life. A bad economy will do it. Harry Enton at CNN talked about the possible collapse of the Republican brand. If the economy continues to go the way it's going, You look forward. Now of course it's completely on the table that the Republican brand could collapse. It has not yet, but it absolutely could a hundred percent. If the economy, if the economy goes south, it will take Republican house members with them and some senators too. Okay? Now this right here is the question. If you want President Trump to succeed, then you want his policy to be geared at reality and that means a trade policy that makes sense to the markets that they can intuit because the markets do have real world impact.


If the markets drop, there's less liquidity available for businesses. Credit dries up. Small businesses which operate on margin are going to go under. There is a lag effect between the stock market going down and the economy cratering. But to pretend that you are utterly disconnected is ignorant of economic history. Let's put it this way. There's never been a time when the economy was booming where the stock market was radically declining. There have been times where the stock market declined and then went back up, decline went back up. But when the stock market continues to go down into the right naming a time in American history where the economy was doing like amazing work while the stock market continued to go down into the right for a prolonged period of time. And meanwhile, the president of the United States, his signal policy, the one that actually is working the best for him is immigration on the polling.


President Trump's immigration policy is highly popular. It's not just because Americans are sick and tired of the open borders policy of the Biden administration, it's also because Democrats continue to take the worst possible attack when it comes to this sort of stuff. The attack they should be taking on immigration right now is that President Trump is right to close the border that President Trump is correct to unleash ice, to go find criminal illegal immigrants and deport them. But we need to obey the law. That would be the actual smart approach to this particular issue. But Democrats have decided that the smart approach is to shove their heads directly up their own. You know, and so what that means is that they're instead basically going out of their way to praise MS 13 members and suggest that President Trump is wrong to try and deport all of those people.


And this leads to the awkward situation of absolute adult senators, Chris Van Holland of Maryland 'cause the IQ of a turnup going down to El Salvador to meet with a man. Now, Kmar Abrego Garcia, who is a likely MS 13 member and a an alleged wife beater by his wife, okay? Like not a good guy, and he was deported to El Salvador. Again, that was done mistakenly according to the Trump DOJ and that was a process issue. Okay? So the way that the Democrats should have protested that is they should have said, listen, everybody deserves due process. If you are here on a green card, you deserve whatever the due process is for a green card holder. If you are here as an illegal immigrant, you deserve whatever due process is due to you under the law and due process shouldn't be violated.


Its sacrosanct in the United States. That's the argument they should have made instead, because they have a, I don't know, it's an internal emotional necessity to valorize people who are quote unquote victims of the Trump administration. They've decided to treat people who are actually quite bad with sympathy, which leads to the awkward spectacle of Chris Van Holland being asked if the person he visited down El Salvador and had drinks with was MS 13 and he can't answer the question. Well, Dan, what Donald Trump is trying to do here is change the subject. The subject at hand is that he and his administration are define a court order to give people to give Abrego Garcia his due process rights.


They're trying to litigate on social media what they should be doing in the courts they need to put up or shut up in the courts. But since you were the one person to have met with him, and since this is a a thing you say on social media, it's what we hear from Donald Trump and Republicans every day all day long. You didn't ask him, I didn't ask him that because I know what his answer is. What he told me was he was sad and traumatized that he was being in prison because he has committed no crimes. Okay, sad and traumatized. The likely MS 13 member, great job there, Chris Van Hollen. You see, he's trying to backtrack now. Now he's trying to turn it into a due process argument.


Again, the due process argument is a better argument for Democrats. It just is. The Supreme Court, over the course of the last 72 hours, handed out in orders early Saturday morning, seven to two they handed down just an order. There was, there was no actual text to the order. It didn't explain its reasoning, but in order the Trump administration to respond to an emergency appeal and said the government is directed not to remove any members of the putative class of detainees from the United States until further order of this court. That would be the people who are being detained under the so-called Alien Enemies Act, which is an 18th century act designed at allowing the expeditious removal of people who are declared wartime enemies by the executive branch of the government. Now it was a dissent by Justices Alito and Justice Thomas in this particular case.


Shortly after midnight yesterday, the court hastily and prematurely granted unprecedented emergency relief. Although the order is not to find the putative class, it appears the court means all members of the class, the habeas petitioner sought to have certified, namely all noncitizens in custody of the northern district of Texas who were our or be subject to the March, 2025 presidential proclamation entitled Invocation of the Alien Enemies Act regarding the invasion of the United States by Deua. And then they criticize the court for doing all this. Even though it's not clear the court had jurisdiction, it's questionable whether the applicants complied with their obligation to seek emergency injective relief in the district court. The court of appeals is already considering the issue of emergency relief. The papers alleged that the applicants were in imminent danger of removal, but there was no concrete support for that suggestion.


So Alito and Thomas both complained in some, literally in the middle of the night, the court issued unprecedented and legally questionable relief without giving the lower courts a chance to rule without hearing from the opposing party. Within eight hours of receiving the application with dubious factual support for its order, without providing any explanation for its order, I refused to join the court's order because we had no good reason to think that under the circumstances issuing an order at midnight was necessary or appropriate. Now, again, I think what the rest of the court would say is we wouldn't think that was necessary or appropriate either except for the fact that we've now had situations in which the Trump administration has allegedly ignored the orders of lower courts not to do a deportation and then just did the deportation. That's the argument that is being made on the other side of the aisle.


One of the things that should become clear to Republicans at this point is that doing things in meticulous fashion is likely to lead to longer lasting victories than doing them as sort of one-offs and in quick fashion. Because on the morality, the Trump administration is not only correct, they're unbelievably correct by Tom Holman, who's our bulldog borders are criticized. For example, Chris Van Holland for his sympathy for MS 13 members saying, how many angel moms and dads has he met with? Well, what shocks me is he's remained silent on the travesty that happened on our southern border. Many people died, thousands of people died. I met with hundreds of angel moms and dads who buried their children that were murdered by illegal alien.


How many angel moms and dads that has he met in in the state of state of Maryland? That's what concerns me. Again, on the politics, Republicans are right, but do the law right also and you'll have longer lasting victories because otherwise many of the things the Trump administration is trying to do are going to get reversed on appeal and that would be really bad for the Trump administration as well. Again, I'm rooting for the Trump administration to do all of this, right? So it's policies actually work. The same thing holds true with regard to Harvard. So the Trump administration is admirably going after the endowment of Harvard University, which is great. They should. Harvard University is a travesty again, that is my alma mater. I went there for law school. They're very rich, okay? There's no reason why Harvard University should be treated with kid gloves.


Their endowment is $53 billion massive endowment. And these major universities have the GDPs of small countries. It's unbelievable. The Trump administration, according to the Wall Street Journal, has now grown so furious with Harvard University after a week of an escalating dispute between the two sides and is planning to pull an additional billion dollars of the school's funding for health research. According to people familiar with the matter, Trump administration officials thought the long list of demands they sent Harvard last Friday was a confidential starting point for negotiations. Instead, Harvard released the letter to the public. Before Monday, the administration was planning to treat Harvard more leniently than it had Columbia University. Now, officials want to apply even more pressure to the nation's most prominent university according to those people.


There's a lot of talk about the attempt to remove nonprofit status from Harvard University. The task force thought Harvard would concede. Instead, Harvard decided to make itself the centerpiece of this issue. Now, the Trump administration could have won a very easy victory here, and they still may win a victory here. It'll be harder fought. They, they could have easily have simply said to Harvard University that unless it complied with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, the necessary consequences would follow its aid would go away, for example. And then been very meticulous about the list they put forward and said they put forward a very broad list of things they wanted Harvard University to do, including reconstitute, its board, reconstitute, its professoriate and all.


Listen, those are all things that are good and should happen to Harvard University. Absolutely. Will they be uphold in a court of law? That is, that is a little unclear. Again, Harvard for all the problems with Harvard, there's some good lawyers who work there and very expensive lawyers who work there. I want to see the Trump administration's measures against Harvard University maintained, which is again, why meticulousness should be the order of the day. We'll get to more of that in a moment.


First, if you're not able to watch those old family videos anymore because you know they're on a VHS tape in your garage, moldering away well, and you don't have a VCR you, you really should get all that transferred over and digitized. And that is what Legacybox is for. Legacybox is wonderful. I've used it for my parents, I've used it for my in-laws. We've used it for the stuff that was in our garage as well. Discover why Legacybox in America's top choice for preserving memories. There's never been a better moment to convert your cherish family videos and photographs to digital format. Take advantage of their special All-American sale and finally tackle that preservation project you've been postponing since. Legacybox is proudly 100% American made. Every tape film reel and photos stays right here to be digitized. In the United States of America, Legacybox offers a comprehensive, cost-effective, thoughtfully designed approach to memory preservation. You put those outdated tapes, films, photos into Legacybox, ship it off. Skilled technicians carefully digitize every item by hand. Their all-inclusive service makes preserving your treasured memories absolutely effortless. My, my dad was so happy with it. He actually made copies of all the material and made sure the kids could get it. Protect your memories. Take advantage of Legacybox all American Sale. Visit Legacybox dot com slash Shapiro, shop their $9 tape offer digitized by hand in the United States. Get 90 days of free access to Legacybox cloud. That's Legacybox dot com slash shapiro. American made trusted by families.


Okay, meanwhile, the Defense Department continues to royal with its own level of chaos. Now, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth appears to be under assault from people who are very much opposed to Pete Heg, Seth's view on the universe. And here I'm talking about isolationists within the Defense Department, there's this sort of bizarre narrative that's now being retailed that hegseth is under assault from people who are quote unquote more interventionist in, in sort of their directionality. It's precisely the opposite. You can tell this from social media. The people who are currently assaulting Pete Hegseth are people opposed to Pete Hegseth because Pete Hegseth is too much in favor of peace through strength. So some of the people who are fired over the course of the last couple weeks, allegedly for leaking to the press, are people who are very much allied with the isolationist wing of the Republican party.


And then many of them have been going around and mouthing off about it in public. That includes Dan Caldwell. Dan Caldwell was a, an a, a member of the Defense Department, a top member of the Defense Department. He was appointed by people inside the Office of Personnel Management. The Office of Personnel Management is staffed by people who are very sympathetic to this point of view. Apparently, Caldwell was fired after allegations that he was leaking to the press. Presumably people with whom he has friends like Tucker Carlson on whose podcast he appeared recently. And that is the kind of generalized suspicion. I don't know if that's true or not. Dan Caldwell went on Tucker's podcast on Monday and said he was not responsible for leaks that were used as quote justification for a purge that has caused turmoil at Pentagon and prompted calls for defense secretary Pete Hegseth to resign.


And it is not quite a wonder as to who actually is calling for his resignation on the right. It's people who don't like the sort of Trumpian peace through strength argument and are much more friendly to the sort of paleo, conservative, isolationist wing of the Republican party, Caldwell. So I was out there advancing things. A lot of people in the foreign policy establishment didn't want. It doesn't justify what's happening to me, but let's just be honest, that's the nature of the games played in dc. So he's claiming to Tucker Carlson that he's basically ousted by quote unquote the neocons, which is weird because he, he isn't naming who did the ousting precisely. He thinks his views contributed to his ouster. What's weird about that is of course there were a couple of other people who were fired from the Pentagon who actually don't hold those exact same views.


Now Caldwell himself is making very strong isolationist arguments and, and he accuses there of being people who are just desperate for another war in the Middle East, which again, is simplistic thinking. The idea that, for example, if you wish for Israel to take out Iran's nuclear facilities, this means you want another war in the Middle East that's just wrong on its face. The idea that you want another war in the Middle East, if you wanna stop the Houthis from, you know, stopping all traffic in the Red Sea, which is something that Peter Hegseth has expressed support for, that that means that you're a warmonger. That is a, that is an Obama level foreign policy. The the press attacks on Pete Hegseth though, because again, they agree with the Obama level foreign policy is a horseshoe theory here. The New York Times and Dan Caldwell largely agree on foreign policy in a wide variety of ways.


According to the New York Times defense secretary, Pete Hesset shared details about information about forthcoming strikes in Yemen on March 15th in a private signal group chat that included his wife, brother, and personal lawyer according to four people with knowledge of the chat. And so now this is being used as another excuse to go after Pete Hegseth rumors started flying around yesterday that the Trump administration was gonna look to alternatives for Hegseth for the White House's part there denying that Caroline Levitt at the White House yesterday said, this is not true. The Pentagon is working against Pete Hegseth specifically because by the way, recruitment numbers are up because Pete Hegseth is cutting the waste and the fraud and the abuse over at the Pentagon because Pete Hegseth is a different kind of sect.


The president stands strongly behind Secretary Hegseth, who is doing a phenomenal job leading the Pentagon. And this is what happens when the entire Pentagon is working against you and working against the monumental change that you are trying to implement. Secretary Hegseth Hegseth was nominated for this position because he is standing up for the war fighter, the men and women in uniform who are putting their lives on the line to protect our country and our homeland. And unfortunately, there have been people at the, at that building who don't like the change the secretary is trying to bring. So they are leaking and they are lying to the mainstream media. The the fact that White House is standing by Hegseth, that is of course the right move. Peter Hegseth yesterday was talking about his relationship with the White House.


He says, listen, we're trying to fire leakers. That's what we are doing here. You know what a big surprise that a bunch of a few leakers get fired and suddenly a bunch of hit pieces come out from the same media that pedaled the Russia hoax that won't get back their Pulitzers. They got Pulitzers for a bunch of lies, Pulitzers for a bunch of lies. That comments from John and on hoaxes time and time and time again. And as they pedal those lies, no one ever calls 'em on it. See, this is what the media does. They take anonymous sources from disgruntled former employees and then they try to slash and burn people and ruin their reputations. Not gonna work with me. Okay? So the White House should stand by Hegseth.


He was their pick. He was an outta the box pick and he remains the right pick for Secretary of Defense. Meanwhile, speaking of wrong picks, Steve Whitcoff, who again, he's been trotted out there as some sort of negotiating genius. I would love to see the actual negotiating genius at some point of Steve Whitcoff. So right now he's leading negotiations over Ukraine and he continues to make proposals that are geared presumably at granting carrots to the, to the Russians. That, that, that is the only way to sort of read how Steve Witkoff is approaching these particular negotiations. The Ukrainian, I mean, Zelensky already came to the table if the idea was get zelensky to the table. The Trump administration has already accomplished this. And I took the Henry Kissinger position back in 2022, which is the Ukrainians needed to be brought to the table, but then so did the Russians.


I mean, if you're gonna have a deal, you need the Russians at the table too. And right now, all the focus of the witkoff wing of the administration is get the Ukrainian. Well, the Ukrainians already came, Zelensky already said he wants a 30 day ceasefire. Zelensky already is granting this rare earth minerals deal, which is extremely, extremely favorable to the United States. He's already doing all of those things. The question is, what exactly is gonna get Russia to the table, which cause you seems to be that if he makes more overtures to the Russians, then magically Vladimir Putin is going to come to the table. So he wants the Ukrainians to basically declare that all the areas that that Putin has occupied, even some areas that Putin has not occupied actually yet in the east of the country, that all those areas ought to be taken off the table and declared Russian annex territory.


He wants the Ukrainians to also agree that they will effectively never join NATO and give up, you know, their sovereignty. I mean, because that's what that means if you, if you're not allowed to join, it's not that NATO has to accept Ukraine, but if Ukraine can never try to orient itself toward the West in order to appease Vladimir Putin, that's one of the things that Putin is looking for. Now, the question is, does Putin even want an off-ramp? Because right now the other side of the table is if, let's say you're Vladimir Putin, just switch the, the sides on the chess table for a second and play the other side of the chess table. You're not the United States anymore. You trying to get to an arrangement, your Vladimir Putin. And what you've seen so far is that the United States is putting extraordinarily heavy pressure on the Ukrainians, and so far no actual pressure on the Russians. In fact, the United States has cut off intelligence sharing with the Ukrainians, the United States threatening to cut off aid to the Ukrainians, threatening to leave the negotiating table entirely.


If you're ever Vladimir Putin, why don't you just wait out the United States? Why don't you just wait them out? Seriously, just wait them out. The Europeans probably can't fill the gap. Wait for the United States to get frustrated and leave and then redouble your efforts and go harder. Now, I don't think that's the, in the interest of the United States, I don't think that's in the interest of, of President Trump. President Trump correctly believes one of the most humiliating moments in American foreign policy history was the Taliban strolling through Kabul that the Taliban taking over a country that the United States had abandoned. Where we abandoned our allies under Joe Biden was shameful and ugly and wrong. Well, the United States allowing Vladimir Putin to stroll through Kyiv would have a significantly worse impact on America's foreign policy. I don't think President Trump wants that.


And so what that means that Steve Witkoff should start conveying messages to the other side of the negotiation as well, that they need to come to the table and spell out some actual consequences. Now, president Trump himself has said that President Trump himself has said that there will be consequences to Russia if they don't come to the table. But those consequences need to be spelled out. In the meantime, other countries around the region are feeling very uneasy about this. This ranges from the Baltic states all the way up to Finland and Sweden, according to the Wall Street Journal, for a long time. The Nordic countries were better known for their peace efforts in cozy living than militarism. Now, they're shutting that persona. The Nordics have emerged as a model for Europe's defense. They're leading efforts to reverse decades in military drawdowns to counter both Russian aggression and uncertain security guarantees from the Trump White House.


The foreign Maine Nordic countries are among Europe's top donors and military aids Ukraine by population. They're taking steps to usher in a new regional security architecture that's less reliant on the United States. Listen, that's great for the United States. If the Europeans can shoulder more of the burden, that's wonderful. That'd be good. The question is, how much of the burden are the Europeans actually willing to shoulder? Because the United States, in fact, has security interests in Ukraine that are not just European security interests. The question is, what are Russia's actual ambitions? A little bit later this week, I'm gonna go into extreme detail about what I believe Russia's ambitions are, because I've been spending the last week or so delving into the writings of the man known as Putin's Brain, Alexander Dugan. And so I think I have a, a pretty good insight into what exactly Russia is looking for here, and it is not an off ramp.


Meanwhile, with regard to Ukraine and Russia, Vladimir Putin made the cynical move of declaring a 24 hour ceasefire around Easter, which apparently he then violated by not sending missiles, but sending tons and tons of drones into Ukraine and sending off air raid sirens every five minutes. Over the course of Easter, according to the Washington Post, KI is expected to respond to a new US proposal and talks in London starting Wednesday, and including representatives from the United States, Britain and France. The talks will take place in the shadow of the apparently futile 30 hour truce. Now again, Zelensky said, let's turn that into, you know, like a 30 day tru and maybe that turns into an armistice, which by the way is the most likely outcome here. There will be no peace agreement. There will be no peace agreement because Ukraine is not going to simply seed the territory in the east of the country and the Crimea to Russia, and Russia is not going to settle for that.


So the most likely outcome here, if you were to get to any outcome at all, looks sort of like the Korean War, which by the way, is still technically ongoing. There's an arm agreement signed in 1953, but there's no actual technical agreement by South Korea that North Korea is not its territory, and there's no agreement by North Korea that South Korea is not its territory, it's just there's a hardened battle line right there, and then it's basically been set up as a demilitarized zone. That is the most likely scenario and outcome in what's going on in Ukraine. But in order to even get there, you have to have a perception by the Russians. They're not gonna get much more that they, everyone needs to, to go weapons down because the cost of not going weapons down are too high. You know, there's been a lot of focus placed on, for example, the rare earth minerals deal that the United States is now going to sign with the Ukrainians, that this is going to essentially provide for an informal security arrangement with the Ukrainians.


You can see why the Ukrainians are a little bit skeptical of that, considering that in 2017, the United States actually did sign a rare earth minerals deal with Afghanistan, and within a few years, Afghanistan was totally overtaken by the Taliban. So again, I'm waiting to see the negotiating genius to Steve Whitcoff. Like, bring it, dude. Let's see it already coming up. We'll get to Coachella, which unleashed a rather shocking message over the weekend. Plus, Klaus Schwab has now resigned his head of the WEF. So something good at least happened over the course of the last 72 hours. But in order to watch, you actually have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.