
Well, folks woke leftism is totally on the ropes. The Democrats don't know what to do about this, but their entire centralizing philosophy is on the ropes. We can get into all of that today ranging from the Washington Post to the war in Ukraine, to how Democrats are responding to everything that President Trump is doing. But it begins today with the Washington Post. So the Washington Post, Jeff Bezos, he's the owner of the Washington Post. He bought it several years ago, and he said at the time he was not gonna get involved in the editorial side of the newspaper. And then the newspaper decided to basically become the repository of the most radical woke nonsense in all of American media. The Washington Post blew out its credibility more than any other major newspaper in the country.


It was the paper of record, it was the paper of Watergate. It was the paper that broke an enormous number of serious scandals about American government, and instead it turned into basically salon.com. It was just Jennifer Rubin whining about how Donald Trump was a mean, bad, mean man. It was Eugene Robinson whining about how America was terrible. It, it was all the usual suspects, just saying the most radical stupid things. And the Washington Post subscribership began to seriously dip because they weren't making any of the same sort of smart business moves. The New York Times made The New York Times also became a liberal fan paper, but they also decided to diversify into Wordle. That did not happen with the Washington Post. The Washington Post simply kept doubling down on the anti-Trump radical leftism, and the suggestion that boys weren't just girls, boys, boys had to be girls.


This had to be taught to kids. The idea that all politics could be boiled down to racial and sexual identity. The idea that capitalism was in and of itself bad. Well, there is a new middle in America, and the new middle in America is fairly pro-free market. It's a middle that doesn't like the idea that the American economy is rigged on behalf of white people or rigged on behalf of men. It's an American middle that believes in the American dream and thus believes in the idea. Generally speaking of capitalism, it's also an American middle that while fairly liberal about what their neighbors do, is not completely liberal about what their neighbors do, meaning that if their neighbors decide to open a porn shop next door, the answer is no. If their neighbors decide the local public school is going to be teaching gender queer, the answer is no.


That's the new middle in America. I was thinking about this a lot last night about President Trump and, and the fact that, as I said during the election cycle, it's not that President Trump is uniquely right wing, it's that the left in the United States has moved so far away from the center that by occupying the middle, Donald Trump now appears to be right wing because the left has alienated everybody to the right of M-S-N-B-C. So what does that mean? It means that there is now a real market possibility of newspapers like the Washington Post reorienting. Jeff Bezos is by no stretch of the imagination, a traditional Republican. He is not somebody who believes in sort of traditional conservative social values. He's not somebody who, as far as I'm aware, is particularly hawkish on foreign policy.


But Jeff Bezos does exist in the business world and in the world of semi rationality. And so yesterday Jeff Bezos put out an announcement. His announcement was that he was going to be remaking the Washington Post editorial board quote. I shared this note with the Washington Post team this morning. I'm writing to let you know about a change coming to our opinion pages. We are going to be writing every day in support and defense of two pillars, personal liberties and free markets. We'll cover other topics too, of course, but viewpoints opposing those pillars will be left to be published by others. There was a time in a newspaper, especially one that was a local monopoly, might have seen it as a service to bring to the reader's doorstep every morning a broad based opinion section that sought to cover all views. Today, the internet does that job I am of America and for America, and proud to be.


So our country did not get here by being typical. And a big part of America's success has been freedom in the economic realm and everywhere else. Freedom is ethical. It minimizes coercion and practical. It drives creativity, invention, and prosperity. I offered David Chipley, whom I greatly admire the opportunity to lead this new chapter. I suggested to him that if the answer wasn't hell yes, then it had to be no. After careful consideration, David decided to step away. This is a significant shift, says Jeff Bezos won't be easy. It'll require 100% commitment. I respect his decision. We'll be searching for a new opinion editor to own this new direction. I'm confident that free markets and personal liberties are right for America. I also believe these viewpoints are underserved in the current market of ideas and news opinion. I'm excited for us together to fill that void, Jeff.


Okay, so that is a sea change and it is a recognition, a true recognition that the Washington Post was never one of these places that had a broad spectrum of opinion. The tacit recognition in what Jeff Bezos is saying is, sure, there might've been a time when you could claim that the Washington Post was a place that that was sort of a platform for a variety of opinions, right? Charles Crowd, hammerer and George will used to write for the Washington Post. And then something changed. And so once the Washington Post became the exclusive preserve of the radical left on matters, economic and social, once it did that, it was no longer a platform. It was now in the most real sense, a publisher only of the things that the editorial board wanted to publish.


And so he says, listen, if that's gonna be the way that it is, then I want it to publish the things I want. I spent a hundred million dollars on this newspaper. I own this newspaper. I get to decide what's in this newspaper. And to this, I say, of course that's true. As as the co-founder of a rather major publication, we publish the things on our publication that we think are appropriate and we don't publish the things that we don't feel are appropriate. So you're not gonna find pro-abortion positions at The Daily Wire. You're not, you are not going to find pro-communist positions at The Daily Wire. That's not a thing. You're gonna find pro-sex trafficking or prop pedophilia positions. And there are lots of things you're not gonna find at The Daily Wire. And what Jeff Bezos is saying is the same thing. He's saying, this is my newspaper. I bought it. I get to run it.


And good for him, good for him. I think that we are exiting the era and we have exited the era of quote unquote objective journalism. And we've now moved toward the realization that there is no such thing. Now, you can make the case that there are in fact journalists who do their best to try to remove their personal bias from situations. However, the notion that writ large, there is a objective news media was a lie and is a lie, it is untrue. There's a prism of politics through which the news is refracted at every one of these major publications. Everybody knows the Wall Street Journal editorial page S toward the right, and everybody knows the New York Times editorial page S toward the left for Bezos to say, our editorial page is now going to promote economic and social freedom, for example.


That's at least a perspective. Now you know who to call when there is a problem, and the left is absolutely losing it. So as stated Washington Post opinion section editor David Shipley resigned, suggesting of course that this is not what he wanted to stand for. Meanwhile, post chief economics reporter Jeff Stein posted quote, massive encroachment by Jeff Bezos into the Washington Post opinion section today makes clear des sensing views will not be published or tolerated there. Well, I mean, that's not his responsibility. It's his job to run the paper as he sees fit. He owns it. Again, turnabout is fair play here, gang. I'm old enough to remember when Twitter was owned by Jack Dorsey and when conservatives said that these standards that were being applied were unfair.


And that even the own, the, the standards that that Twitter said it was applying were not the standards that were actually applying. People on the left said, well then build your own. And then Elon Musk bought it and now they're whining about it. The same thing is true here. And when people complain about the editorial direction of the Washington Post, the left said, well, you know, you don't own the Washington Post. You don't like it. Build your own. So we hear at The Daily Wire, we did build our own. Okay, but so Jeff Bezos coming around and saying, okay, well now I'm gonna run this thing the way I wanna run this thing. That is not only laudable, it is useful, it is highly useful because let's just be transparent about this. Now the Washington Post has a direction. The New York Times always had a direction. It was the lie that killed the mainstream media.


It was the lie that killed the legacy media just Stein. However, the chief economics reporters, I quote, I still have not felt encroachment on my journalism on the news side of coverage. But if Bezos tries interfering with the news side, I will be quitting immediately and letting you know, wow, what a hero. What an absolute hero. Now again, Bezos says he's not going to interfere on the news side of the business. And I will suggest that the sort of hard line, bright line of vision between news and opinion is not quite so bright. Again, I think we're more honest about this at Daily Wire, our news pages lean conservative, everything is refracted through a system of values. That's us being honest, not us being dishonest. While the ex Washington Post editor Marty Baron, who of course presided over the spotlight scandal that was uncovered by the Washington Post, he went after Jeff Bezos attacked him for it.


He put out a statement suggesting that it was just terrible. He called, he said he was sad and disgusted. He said, Bezos argues for personal liberties, but his news organization now will forbid views other than his own in its opinion section. It was only weeks ago the Post described itself as providing coverage for all of America. Now its opinion pages will be open only to some of America, those who think exactly as he does. Again, trying to preserve the lie. It was never for all of America. The Washington Post was never for all of America. It was a left wing rag for decades. Baron said Bezos himself has done personal li's a disservice by Cravenly yielding to a president who shows no respect for Liberty. One who aims to use the power of government to bully, threaten, and punish and crush anyone who's not in his camp, especially the press.


And then he said, there's no doubt in my mind he's doing this outta fear of the consequences for his other business interests. Amazon, the source of his wealth in Blue Origin, which represents his lifelong passion for space exploration. He has prioritized those commercial interests over the Post. He's betraying the post longstanding principles to do so. So first of all, if that's true, that would be terrible, right? You don't want actual journalism, conservative or leftist being held hostage by any president and defeats the purpose of journalism. It defeats the purpose of opinion journalism. Two. However, there is no evidence to suggest that this is in fact the case and the accusation by the way, that anybody who does anything non leftist is motivated by money. I know this is a favorite of people on the left. I know this is a fa it's, it's so funny. The people on the left who claim they're least about money, they love money.


All they think about is money. All they think about is quote unquote income inequality. They never think about the poor. They only think about income inequality.


Well, folks, the left tends to think that everything is free. But the truth is that most things aren't including freedom. Freedom isn't free and freedom has to be defended. What isn't said enough is that online freedom is not free either. It too has to be defended not by military force, but by technological force encryption. Strong encryption can protect your right to privacy online and defend you from hackers. So how do you get this encryption? With expressive VPN Internet providers track and sell your data. Hackers pr, public wifi governments monitor your every move online with Express VPN, their powerful encryption reroutes 100% of your online activity through secure servers making your data invisible to prying eyes. Now I'm constantly on the go. I'm constantly using public wifi in an airport, for example. And I don't need hackers checking my email for me. Don't take my word for it. They invited the world's at top auditors, PWC and KPMG to verify their own revolutionary trusted server technology. It's the only system that physically cannot store your data because it runs entirely on volatile memory. While other companies profit from invading your privacy, ExpressVPN goes the extra mile to protect it. So if you wanna join me in defending your online freedom, get ExpressVPN, you can use my special link to get four extra months of ExpressVPN for free at ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ben.


Also, as you all know, the holy land is under threat of attack every single day. In fact, this morning there's another car ramming attack in Israel surrounded by enemies who vow never to stop until Israel has been destroyed, while still recovering and rebuilding from the devastating October 7th attacks. The people of Israel are suffering along with many Americans who stand with Israel. I wanna help in any way I can and that's why I partner with the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews. The fellowship has been on the grounds in Israel for more than 40 years, providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. They deliver meals to the elderly. They place bomb shelters in the most vulnerable places. Bulletproof ambulances and lifesaving equipments to hospitals that's only scratching the surface of what they do. As antisemitism continues to rise around the world, the people of Israel and our Jewish brothers and sisters need us now more than ever. Please join me in supporting the fellowship in this life saving work. A gift of a hundred dollars will help provide bomb shelters and other security equipment for the people of Israel. As the world turns its back on Israel. Join me in faithful listeners like you in Standing with Israel. Visit Ben for the fellowship.org. That's www.benforthefellowship.org. Thank you and God bless Ben for the fellowship.org.


The same people who claim that the, the people who are in favor of free markets are greedy, are the people who spend all day trying to figure out how to pry money out of people who have actually earned it. So when you see Marty Baron suggesting the only possible reason Jeff Bezos, you know, one of the richest people on Earth would be doing this is for money. No, my dude. That that is not what is happening here. It is not. Bernie Sanders, of course, one of the greediest leeches in American society put out a tweet saying quote, this is what oligarch ownership of the media looks like. The second richest guy in the world, Bezos owns the Washington Post. He has now declared the editorial page of that paper is going Trump right wing Surprise. Mr. Musk agrees we must support independent media question. It is independent media, right? Bezos is the owner.


It's not owned by the government. Independent media typically means media that is not owned by, you know, the government. That's, that's typically what it means. Also, nothing in Bezos's note actually says that it's going to be pro-Trump. You can be very pro-free market and very pro liberty and you can object to some of the things that Trump is doing. The notion that these two things are coincident is because the left has so lost the plot. That's simply saying you like capitalism and free markets and liberty. Apparently this now makes you Trump coded. Well, that's your fault gang. Not anybody else's good for Jeff Bezos. I hope he puts his money where his mouth is. I hope that he actually starts hiring columnists. You know, it'd be great. Seriously, it'd be great if somebody at one of the major newspapers voted for Trump.


That would be great. I'm not sure I can name a single op-ed columnist for the New York Times, Washington Post who voted for Trump, maybe at the New York Times, Ross do that voted for Trump. Maybe no one else did. So, you know, over 50% of the country voted for Trump. It might be nice if the Washington Post actually gave some exposure to those views. That might be good. But this is all part and parcel of a radical sea change that is happening in American politics. Again, driven by the Democrats who are totally disconnected from reality. They're all on blue sky, mentally stroking themselves to, to left wing idiocy. And then they're surprised that everybody is running screaming away from them. And meanwhile, other big news yesterday, president Trump had his first big cabinet meeting.


Obviously a lot of famous people in that cabinet. And while the left is, is really quite exercised about Donald Trump's cabinet. Now all these people were individually powerhouses in their own right before they joined the cabinet. Trump had a lot of good things to say in this cabinet meeting. He began, of course, with his, his sort of signal issue, the border. He said, we will be closing the border Hughes flanked on one side by his Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, and on the other side by Marco Rubio, his Secretary of state. We also having tremendous support from border patrol, from ice. The ice agents have been unbelievable. Border patrol, their leadership at Border Patrol has been incredible and they're working very well. And as you know, and I saw you reporting it this morning, actually, we set records on the least number of illegal aliens coming in, migrants coming into our country that we had, that we've had in more than 50 years.


And we did this all within a period of weeks 'cause we took over a mess. Okay? So he is right about all of that. President Trump also continues to push forward on the layoffs of large numbers of executive branch employees. He said we could fire up to a million people in the executive branch of about 3 million who worked for the executive branch. Right Now, Those million people that haven't responded though, Elon, they are on the bubble. You know, I wouldn't say that we're thrilled about it. You know, they haven't responded. Now maybe they don't exist. Maybe we're paying people that don't exist. Don't forget we just got here. This group just got here. But those people are on the bubble as they say. You know, they, maybe they're gonna be gone.


Maybe they're not around. Maybe they have other jobs. Maybe they moved and they're not where they're supposed to be. A lot of things could have happened. Okay? Now, one of the sort of big questions here was whether Elon Musk, who's leading Doge was going to have a seat at the table because he actually does not have an official governmentally approved position at this point. The answer is no. He showed up for the cabinet meeting, but he wasn't given a seat at the table with the other secretaries. Here was Elon Musk suggesting that he was essentially President Trump's tech support. Actually, just to call myself a couple tech support here, because this is actually as crazy as it sounds that, that that is almost a literal description of the work that the Doge team is doing is helping fix the government computer systems.


Many of these systems are extremely old. They don't communicate. There are a lot of mistakes in the systems. The software doesn't work. The so we are actually tech support. It's, it's, it is ironic, but it's true. Okay? So again, Musk acting as sort of an outside actor is the best version of all of this. Meanwhile, as political points out, the layoffs are just getting started. Quote, federal agencies are being ordered to submit plans by mid-March for laying off employees in large scale reductions in force. An escalation in President Trump's efforts to reshape the federal workforce according to an Office of Management and Budget. And OPM, office of Personnel Management memo released on Wednesday, quote, pursuant to the President's direction, agency should focus on the maximum elimination of functions that are not statutorily mandated while driving the highest quality, most efficient delivery of their statutorily required functions.


And so they're talking about laying off a bunch of people. As President Trump suggested yesterday, he was left with a government that was bloated, fat and disgusting. You know, sort of typically colorful language from the president. This country has gotten bloated and fat and disgusting and incompetently run. I think we had the worst president in the history of our country. He just left office. I think he's a disgrace, what he's done to our country by allowing millions of people to come into our country like that. And all of the other things, the inflation which he caused because of energy and stupid spending to spend hundreds of millions, trillions, and trillions of dollars on the green new scam.


A total scam. I have the best energy people, the best environmental people in the world around this table. And they, they can't even believe he got away with it. Okay? Meanwhile, other secretaries also spoke up. Secretary of Defense Hegseth, who's excellent. He said that one of the chief goals that he had as Secretary of Defense was to fully investigate every aspect of the botched Afghanistan withdrawal. One of those shameful moments in American history, We're doing a complete review of every single aspect of what happened with the botch withdrawal of Afghanistan and plan to have full accountability. It's one of the first things we announced at the Defense Department. For that reason, sir, certainly General Raisin Cain, who's on his way in, was not a part of that, instead was a part of leading the effort against ISIS by untying the hands of war fighters and finishing the job properly and then bringing our troops home.


So we're taking a very different view, obviously, than the previous administration, and there will be full accountability. Howard Lutnick, his commerce secretary also spoke up about President Trump's new proposal for the so-called Golden cards, which apparently will be wrapped around chocolate bars and stowed all around the United States in various candy shops. But actually it's like 5 million bucks and you get a citizenship. Anyway, here is Howard Lutnick explaining, And if we sell, just remember 200,000, there's a line for EB five of 250,000. Right now, 200,000 of these gold green cards is $1 trillion to pay down our debt, and that's why the president is doing it.


'cause we are going to balance this budget and we are gonna pay off the debt under President Trump. Okay? Now let's talk about that debt because this is a serious question. Okay? The big budget that the house is pushing forward is in fact going to add to the national debt. Why is it going to add to the national debt? Well, because by preserving the Trump tax cuts, supposedly there's less, less tax revenue to the federal government. It's not about the tax cuts, it is about the simple facts that the debt is going to keep going up and to the right because of our embedded secure Social security, Medicare, Medicaid programs, that's all the means. Tested welfare programs, things like SNAP and TF and all the various other gigantically bloated programs that funnel literally trillions of dollars a year from one segment of society to another segment of society via the American taxpayer dollars and mostly via debt that is going to eat the American economy.


It is, and herein lies a bit of the problem. And here's where I think conservatives ought to be wary. Not that President Trump isn't doing amazing things, not that Doge isn't doing useful things, but these systemic underlying problems of American politics are not going to get solved by either party right now. That is just a fact. Okay? President Trump yesterday, who was talking about Medicare, Medicaid, social security, he said, we're not gonna touch them and, and, and we won't. He's right. We're not going to touch them. At the same time, there are consequences to not touching them. Can you guarantee that Medicare, medicaid, social security will not be Touched? Yeah, I, I mean, I have said it so many times, you shouldn't be asking me that question. Okay? This will not be read my lips, there won't be read my lips anymore.


We're not gonna touch it. Now, we are gonna look for fraud. I'm sure you're okay with that. Like, people that shouldn't be on people that are illegal aliens and others criminals in many cases, and that's with social security. We have a lot of people. You see that immediately when you see people that are 200 years old that are being sent checks for social security. Some of them are actually being sent checks. So we're tracing that down and I have a feeling that Pam is gonna do a very good job with that, but you have a lot of fraud, Okay? So no matter how much fraud you identify in these programs, and literally every dollar a fraud should be cut. It ain't even a drop in the bucket compared to the kind of spending America has done. This is a, a bloated legacy of FDR and LBJ.


It is eating the American economy and it is going to cause a crash in the American economy sometime in the very near future. Again, one of the things that, that I've suggested about the Trump administration is that they have to focus laser-like on ensuring increases in productivity, cutting regulations, ensuring ease of economic transaction, right? These are the only things that Trump can do if he's unwilling to touch the actual systemic drivers of America's national debt. Okay? And, and the reality is that without touching those drivers of America's national debt, the debt's just gonna keep going in the wrong direction. When President Trump says that he's gonna balance the budget, that is not a real fiscal poss You can't do it without touching any of these big programs. So one of those two things is untrue. I'm gonna go with balancing the budget.


We wanna balance a budget, we wanna have a balance budget within a reasonably short period of time. May meaning maybe by next year or the year after, but maybe, maybe even sooner than that, Okay? We're not even gonna do zero base budgeting, going back to like the 2019 budget that should be real about this. None of this stuff is gonna happen. Both parties, both parties are going to spend like drunken sailors until austerity measures are forced into place about five years from now. That is actually what's going to happen in the United States. That train is coming down the tracks. Ain't nobody getting in the way of that train because it's politically dangerous to actually try to stop the train right now. So instead we'll just run right off that cliff.


Well, that's actually one of the things I like least about working in the news industry. You know, actually having to cover the, the fact that most of our politicians will not do the things we need to do, but there are things I do love about working in the news industry. The thing, like for example, I get to connect every day with millions of listeners and share these breaking stories and work with incredible talent who are just as passionate about the political sphere as I am. There's nothing quite like the energy and thrill of creating content that not only informs, but also resonates with people around the country. If you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who also love doing that thing. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business, plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all your roles? ZipRecruiter, right now you can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two and their powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time and you don't waste money. Hire experience. People who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the very first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address and try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire.


Also, victory is in the air, and so is the scent of renewal. Behold a candle. Yes, yes. You see here at The Daily Wire, we also in fact have candle companies and we light a candle in memory of the stupid leftist ideas that Donald Trump is destroying. Well, Donald Trump's first joint session of Congress since his historic reelection is almost here, America is already winning. Celebrate the triumphs of a new era from Dojo's, major cuts to protecting America's borders to major cabinet confirmations and more with my all new smells like victory candle from the candle club. Again, I already lit it. I already showed you, but here it is again. It's really cool and it smells good. Capture the essence of American renewal with a fresh invigorating scent. A burning reminder that with strong leadership, our best days still lie ahead. Don't wait right now you can get 20% off when you order by Friday. Bask in the smell of victory. Order now@thecandleclub.com slash ben. That's the candle club.com/ben the candle club.com/ben.


Meanwhile, again, the, the big danger to President Trump's presidency would be things like inflation. Inflation is in fact going the wrong way in the United States right now. It is not headed in the right direction. The agriculture secretary, she suggested yesterday, Brooke Rollins, that they have a five point plan to bring down the price of eggs. Here's what she had to say. So just this morning we announced the plan to first of all attack the avian flu and how we pull it back out of our poultry producers. But secondly, how we bring the cost of eggs down. So that plan has five parts. The first part is a biosecurity part, and what that means is that how do we lock our poultry barns down? How do we ensure that our egg laying chickens aren't getting this disease?


Secondly, we're gonna work to move much more quickly on repopulating the 160 million birds that have been cold in just the last few months. Third is a deregulation effort that is ensuring that the rules that have been layered on our producers, our egg producers over the last really four years that we begin to peel those back. The fourth is we're looking to import eggs in the short term. This is just on the cost piece. And then the final more long term is putting significant funds into vaccine and therapeutic research. Okay? So, you know, will this have a massive impact on egg prices? Well, it could have some impact. It's gonna have a massive impact if the inflationary pressures continue. Again, we've blown too much money into the American economy and it appears that it's not going to stop anytime soon despite the relatively high interest rates by sort of historical standards.


Now, president Trump did announce yesterday that tariffs are back on the table, although he says that they're not going to be kicked back in place on Canada and Mexico until April 2nd. And if he's using this for leverage, I just wanna know, it's on the other side of the leverage. I'm fine with President Trump using tariffs as leverage. He's done it successfully against the country of Columbia, for example, to get them to take deportees. He's done it against Mexico to get Mexico to pledge to put 10,000 troops on the border. All that's fine. What are the deliverables that we can look forward to from Canada and Mexico that would justify the threat of tariffs? That's all. That's all because then maybe Canada delivers and we don't have to do the tariffs. The problem with tariffs, folks, trade wars are not good, and they're not easy to win, as a matter of fact. And they're not good for inflation because when you restrict supply and demand remains the same.


Prices go up. This is just basic econ 1 0 1. Here's President Trump saying that the tariffs will kick back in place on April 2nd. We've lost millions of people due to fentanyl. It comes mostly from China, but it comes through Mexico and it comes through Canada. And I, I have to tell you that, you know, on April 2nd, I was gonna do it on April 1st, but I'm a little bit superstitious. I made it April 2nd. The tariffs go on. Not all of them, but a lot of them. And I think you're gonna see something that's going to be amazing. We've been taken advantage of as a country for a long period of time. We've been, we've been tariffed, but we didn't tariff. Okay? Now again, reciprocal tariffs as a way of driving down tariffs to get everybody to go weapons down, that's fine with me.


But tariffs as sort of a, an America strengthening policy do not have a long and storied history. And if you want the Trump administration to be successful, you need the Trump administration to actually keep the economy humming. You need inflation to come down. It's really important. The other thing you need is no distractions. I've said this over and over and over. What President Trump is doing right now is way too important for there to be stupid distractions. I bring this up because the big distraction of the day is that Grifters extraordinaire, the Tate brothers are apparently now arriving in Florida. And this is happening because apparently the Trump administration put significant pressure on the country of Romania to release them from house arrest. Now, I don't need to get into sort of the legal vagaries of what house arrest means in Romania.


Does this mean that they're never gonna go back to Romania and that it won't be prosecuted? There are criminal allegations in Romania. They're under indictment in Romania, four allegations of sex trafficking. One of the allegations apparently includes rape of an underage girl. And like the, put all that aside, Andrew Tate is an American citizen. He was born in the United States. His father was an American citizen. His mom was a British citizen. He's always considered himself more British than American. But the real question is, is it good for America for the Tates to be here? Now again, that's not a, a sort of legalistic question as to whether they should be released from house arrest. I I have no actual opinion on release from house arrest for American citizens who are accused of sex trafficking in, in foreign countries.


And I'll leave that one to lawyers. The question is gonna be whether it is good for the Trump administration for, for example, he tates to go walking around with all these people who are very closely associated with the Trump administration. My suggestion is, no, I'm not sure what the popularity rating there would be. My guess is not particularly high. If you wanna give a spate of bad headlines to your opponents, make sure that you put people who are self-professed pimps, who literally ran a pornography industry and made millions of dollars off of it alleged sex traffickers, radical Muslims who are self-proclaimed terrorist supporters, including supporters of kamas running around the United States with some of your closest allies. If that sounds like a winning proposition, I'm just wondering where's the political win there and forget about the morality of it.


Okay, the, the, the morality of it. I've spoken about the tape brothers before, I think they're disgusting. I I think that they, they have diagnosed many problems with feminism and they have diagnosed many problems with left wing thought that are easily diagnosable. And then all of their solutions are not just wrong, but prurient and ugly. The the question is to why the Trump administration would expend political capital to do this, as that's a bizarre one. And again, if you think that the left wing pressing, gonna hang this around Trump's neck, you got another thing coming. Apparently Andrew and Tristan, have they left the country for the United States. They're supposed to arrive early Thursday morning in southern Florida. Apparently the Romanian prosecutors said in a news release, they're still pursuing criminal investigations against the two British American citizens.


And they said they'd been allowed to leave Romania and had to appear before judicial authorities. Whenever a summoned the State Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Again, this raises legal questions about when, if they return to Romania at any point. But I, I really don't care about the Tate brothers. I do care about the effect on the Trump agenda of association between these kind of scumbags and members of the Trump administration. That that does not seem like a, a particular win in a time when you're going to need political capital to expend on actual serious projects. So from a practical point of view, don't see it from a moral point of view. I'm, I'm just gonna say, I don't think that America needs more self-professed pimps who hate marriage.


Believe that impregnating tons of women is the mark of manhood, who preach support for actual terrorists, have outstanding criminal allegations of sex trafficking with a, with a proud history of pornography distribution, and make their money today on a grift university that effectively suckers young men into giving them thousands of dollars for basically no return. I don't know, call, call, call me. Strange. I'm just not sure what the upside is there for anybody involved and for people who are going to now tout these folks as some sort of heroic characters, which undoubtedly will happen. The right has a massive problem with this. The right has a massive problem with touting grifters as actual heroes now, and this is, this is, shall we say, not salutary to the goals of actually making America great again.


Okay? Meanwhile, president Trump is doing something pretty phenomenal with regard to Venezuela. So the president announced it yesterday that he'd be terminating the Biden era oil deal with Venezuela. So Biden in an attempt to lower lower oil prices before the election had essentially given concessions to the Venezuelan government, which is again a dictatorship, it's a socialist dictatorship in order to get the oil prices down, supposedly that was contingent on Venezuela being slightly nicer to the United States while the president made the announcement Wednesday afternoon claiming Venezuela is transporting violent criminals, deporting, deported from the United States at a rapid pace. Trump blasted Biden for making the concession agreement with the evil regime of Nicolas Maduro.


He said, we are hereby reversing the concessions that crooked Joe Biden gave to Nicolas Maduro of Venezuela on the oil transaction agreement dated November 26th, 2022. And also having to do with electoral conditions within Venezuela, which have not been met by the Maduro regime. So again, that is a positive. He said the regime has not been transporting the violent criminals they sent back into our country back to Venezuela at the rapid pace they'd agreed to. I'm therefore ordering the ineffective and unmet Biden concession agreement be terminated as of the March 1st option to renew. Thank you for your attention to this matter. That of course is a good move. Okay, in just a moment, we'll get to the latest negotiations surrounding Ukraine and important Supreme Court case. But first, this is the one you don't wanna miss. Tuesday, March 4th, president Trump addresses Congress nine PM Eastern, laying out his America first vision, tackling immigration reform, economic revival, national security.


We're not gonna set this one out. Join us for Backstage Live at eight 30 PM Eastern our pre-show breakdown with the full crew at The Daily Wire. Then we'll watch the entire speech together, live at Daily Wire Plus, and when Trump is done, we're back with unfiltered no BS reactions you won't get anywhere else. This is an event shaping America's future. So be there, watch it all live on Daily Wire Plus this Tuesday night. Subscribe right now at Daily Wire dot com. Meanwhile, there's a lot of talk about the possible end of the war in Ukraine. Apparently Vladimir Zelensky is going to show up in the United States, and he's going to be holding a meeting with President Trump. According to the post President Trump and President Zelensky offered differing expectations on Wednesday for a high stake summit. Later this week, the Ukrainian leader underscored his need for American assurances about kiev's future security.


The US president stressed the benefits of a deal to reap Ukraine's vast mineral wealth. Trump said that he and Zelensky would use a hastily arranged meeting at the White House on Friday to finalize that mineral compact. His administration has pushed on kyiv. Now again, that mineral compact actually is a pretty good deal for Ukraine. It it is a mineral compact in which the United States invests in future development of rare earth's minerals that have yet to be basically identified in Ukraine. Trump told reporters, my number one thing is to get the war stop. My number two thing is I don't wanna have to pay any more money. Okay, well, I mean that was always his priority. President Trump also said yesterday, Ukraine will not be joining nato. That is not a shock. And the, the, the sort of possible membership in NATO that that had been dangled before Ukraine for years and years and years, that was bad American policy.


If you're not going to do it, then don't threaten it. In any case, here was President Trump saying it yesterday, What concessions would you like to see? Oh, I don't want to tell you right now, but I can tell you that nato, you can forget about. That's been, I think that's probably the reason the whole thing started. And I think JD, we can say that. What do you have a statement on that you've been very much involved. I gave him the beauty. Great. Gave me the hardest question, sir. I mean, look, as the president said, we're not going to do the negotiation in public with the American media. He's gonna do it in private with the president of, of Russia with the President of Ukraine and with other leaders.


And I think that's how this has to go. Okay. So President Trump did say, I'm not gonna make security guarantees beyond very much. We're gonna have Europe do that because Europe is their next door neighbor. And so the question is whether the Europeans are actually going to pick up the ball. Ki Starmer is also visiting. He is the labor left wing prime minister of the uk. He apparently is gonna try and convince President Trump to continue to support the war in Ukraine according to the New York Times. Star War will face the same balancing act as Emmanuel Macron did without the benefit of years of interactions dating back to 2017. Unlike Macron star rule arrive in the Oval Office, armed with a pledge to increase his country's military spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2027 into 3% within a decade.


And Starr is going to pair back on Britain's overseas development aid, echoing actually some of what President Trump is doing. Apparently Starr is going to show strong support for Vladimir Zelensky. He's going to tell President Trump that they shouldn't rush into a peace deal with Vladimir Putin. That doesn't establish security guarantees for Ukraine. But again, here is the reality. The Europeans can in fact take the lead here. If the Europeans say, listen, we're going to keep funding this forever. Our economy is 10 times the size of of Russia's. We're gonna keep funding this. We're gonna keep making sure that Ukraine has the hardware. And so, you know, we're part of this equation as well. And this negotiation is basically done. Like what is it that they're asking the United States for that Trump is unwilling to do at this point that they can't do themselves? That is sort of the big question going forward, because realistically speaking, if Russia believes that Europe as a whole is going to continue to fund the war, what what Putin is gambling on is that basically the entire West just gets tired and he walks into Kyiv.


But I've yet to see a unified Western belief that that is the next thing that is going to happen right here. Okay? Meanwhile, the Supreme Court of the United States is making a couple of fascinating moves. First, yesterday, John Roberts, chief Justice granted the Trump administration's request to put on hold a lower court order that required it to pay an estimated $2 billion in foreign assistant funds for State Department and US Aid projects by midnight on Wednesday. So Roberts is getting tired. The Supreme Court is getting very tired of these district court judges who are putting nationwide injunctions on presidential actions, which of course is correct whether or not the Supreme Court rules with the president. In the end he's saying, listen, that's up to us. It's not up to random district court judge appointed by Joe Biden to shut down the workings of the American government.


Meanwhile, the Supreme Court is also now hearing a case about whether in fact, you can sue for discrimination under anti-discrimination law if you are not a member of a discreet insular minority. So there's a case from Ohio that was heard where a person named Marlene Ames claims a state agency where she works, denied her a promotion and then demoted her because she's heterosexual, instead giving both her old job and the ones she had sought to gay people. A federal appeals court in Cincinnati had thrown out Ames lawsuit finding she failed to show the background circumstances suggesting the employer was hostile to straight people, a threshold step that wouldn't have been required if the gay employee had claimed this claim discrimination. So in other words, the law did not require you to show, for example, if you're a gay person suing that the entire agency was anti-gay.


It just had to show discrimination in this particular case. But the judge in this case said, you have to show a evidence that the entire agency is anti straight, but that is stupid. As Justice Samuel Alito said during oral arguments, that rule is apparently based on an intuition about the way most employers behave. Maybe it was sound at the time, but it's no longer sound today. Justice Brett Kavanaugh suggested the case could be resolved easily by quote, a really short opinion that says discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, whether it's because you're gay or because you're straight, is prohibited and the rules are the same, whichever way that goes. The double standard that is implicit in so much of our discrimination law has been part and parcel of the left wing reorientation of the United States for decades.


Christopher Caldwell wrote an amazing book called The Age of Entitlement, all about this, about how anti-discrimination law, particularly parts of the Civil Rights Act, completely restructured the way that American law was done, how regulations were done in the United States. Well, that double standard should not apply. If discrimination is wrong in one direction and is wrong in all directions, it should be that simple. And the Supreme Court looks like it's going to make that clear as well. Well, joining us on online to discuss everything going on at the White House is our Daily Wire White House correspondent Mary Margaret Han. Mary Margaret, thanks for joining the show. Thanks for having me, Ben. It's great to be here. So let's talk about a story that Daily Wire actually broke a little bit earlier this week. There was this big confrontation that happened at a governor's meeting with President Trump, at which President Trump basically told the governor of Maine that federal money was going to go away unless they got on board with the executive order saying that men can't play in women's sports.


And then a meltdown occurred. Can you detail exactly what this was? Yes. So on Friday, that was when that governor's meeting was when President Trump told the governor of Maine to her face that she needed to comply with federal law when it comes to men in women's sports. She didn't like that. She said, we'll see you in court. And Trump told her, yes we will. And this is an issue, Ben, obviously, where 80% of Americans do not want men in women's sports. It's not a popular issue for Democrats to be pushing. It actually was a major issue in the 2024 election, and for some reason it continues to be a popular democratic cause when it comes to the Governor of Maine staff, Maine has very left-leaning Democrat lawmakers.


The governor of Maine herself obviously is, but her chief of staff, Jeremy Kennedy also is a Democrat who is a former Planned Parenthood worker. He also worked for L-G-B-T-Q groups. He's legally married to a man who is also a former worker for Mae Equality Maine, I believe. So he's literally in bed with a Democrat activist now, Jeremy Kennedy over the weekend, I was told by a White House senior official that he had a meltdown when he was having a conversation with a White House senior official about this very incident, about this very law banning men from women's sports. And I was told that he cursed at this White House official and said of words that I'm not gonna say on air, but basically FUUA hole and stormed outta the room.


Now the governor of Maine's office has denied this story to me, but I've followed up multiple times. They deny that he cursed, but would not deny that the altercation occurred or that he stormed out of the room. So we're continuing to ask questions on this, but from the looks of it, the Trump administration is really coming after Maine on this issue. They're determined to keep men out of women's sports. We saw the USDA taking action on this, the Department of Education, and I'm hearing that there's more to come as well. Well, the fallout is obviously going to continue, and meanwhile, the fireworks continue at the White House. So one of the big controversies over the course of the last week or so is the White House Correspondence Association being basically barred from deciding who's in the press pool. For people who don't understand this issue, Mary Margaret w explain what the, what the press pool is, how it used to be decided, and now what the new sort of regime is.


Yes. So of course I'm a member of the WHCA. I'm allowed to go into the briefing room, ask questions of the president. I'm allowed to attend what they call open press events. Now for the press pool. Those are the people that go in the Oval Office. They're able to have much more access to the president and other events at the White House. A couple days ago, white House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt announced that the White House is gonna be deciding who's allowed to attend such events or who's allowed to be in the press pool, meaning that new members of the media or what we call new media like myself, will potentially be allowed in the Oval Office for certain events. Obviously, Ben, we're delighted to hear that we're gonna be able to access the White House in such a manner. We're gonna have more access to the President, we're gonna have more access to all of these events that we know our audience deeply cares about.


But there's been some serious media hysteria over it. Last night, the head of the White House Correspondence Association, Eugene Daniels, announced that he was technically going to blow up the entire system that we have for learning from other reporters what's going on in the White House. So there's a series of emails that reporters will send out, it's called The Pooler, and they'll send out information to help us understand what's going on in the White House. Now, not everyone's on board with this. There's even some reporters who are more left-leaning that have expressed their concerns about not being able to access this information that we formerly had. So big drama here at the White House today. I know this isn't the end of it, but I have to say, you know, after the last four years of the Biden administration of watching President Biden's, very obvious cognitive decline and really not hearing anything about that decline from the White House Press Corps.


I'm a little embarrassed by the media hysteria in particular, when you look at how infrequently President Biden interacted with the media, how infrequently pre former White House Press Secretary Ka Jean Pierre called on conservative press, like my friends Reagan Reese at the Daily Caller, Deanna gva at the New York Post. There was very little access for conservative press. And when President Biden did call on reporters, he often had a picture of the reporter in front of him and the very question they were about to ask. So, you know, more drama on this for sure, incoming. But the hysteria I hope will also calm down because frankly it's a little embarrassing. It is pretty embarrassing, especially considering that the head of the WHCA is now going to go work at M-S-N-B-C and was supposedly a representative of the unbiased press pool.


Mary Margaret, you're doing a great job over at the White House. We'll check in with you soon. Thanks Ben. And meanwhile, the left continues to just be incompetent. Michael Moore is somehow still being trotted out as a moral voice at this point. It's kinda amazing. So apparently Michael Moore put out a Substack post on Tuesday who, and he's making the claim that effectively speaking, we need illegal immigrants everywhere because otherwise you're not going to have the people who are going to stop an asteroid on a path to decimate the earth. Quote, who's really being removed by ice tonight? The child who've discovered the cure for cancer in 2046, the ninth grade nerd who've stopped that asteroid that's gonna hit us in 2032.


And then he cited the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs, whose dad was born in Syria. He said, we get nothing from that Syrian Muslim who ci a junior Abdul Fata a nothing migrant with a nothing out of wedlock baby, except that nothing baby was soon adopted and given an American name, Steve Jobs, yes, that Steve Jobs, I'm grateful for that Muslim migrant baby being born here 70 years ago today. Okay, well, I mean, first of all it, Steve Jobs's story is largely about his adoptive family, not about his natural birth. So if you're gonna give credit to anybody for Steve Jobs, you really should talk about his adoptive family. That's exactly who Steve Jobs gave the credit to. But if the case is that illegal immigration is somehow similar to legal immigration, I, I'm just wondering why hilariously in in his list of various people who should have been allowed to immigrate because they're making America great, he includes Congresswoman Rashida Taleb, an actual terrorist supporter.


He also includes Linda Sarsour. I don't think you're making the case that you think you're making Michael, I really, really do not. Meanwhile, at the same time that Michael Moore is trying to make the case for open borders and open immigration, a representative named Marcy Captor of Ohio, she's questioning whether Elon Musk is loyal to America. Guys, you're gonna have to pick one, one lane here. Are you gonna be xenophobes or are you gonna be open borders people pick one. Mr. Musk has just been here 22 years and he's a citizen of three countries. I always ask myself the question with the damage he's doing here, when push comes to shove, which country is he loyalty to? South Africa, Canada, or the United States?


And he is only been a citizen, I'll say again, 22 years Only. That's a long time to be a citizen, 22 years. I know American-born citizens who've only been a citizen for 21 years. They're 21 years old. Like, what, what, what the, what the, yeah, you're right. Elon is loyal to Canada. Nailed that one lady that's really good. But again, the left has no capacity to stand up to its own radicals that was making that, that was made clear yesterday over at Barnard. Barnard College, of course, which is part of Columbia. The New York Post reports dozens of kafi clad anti-Israel protestors. Took over a building at Barnard College for several hours Wednesday evening, assaulting a school employee while protesting the expulsions of two students who stormed a Columbia University class in January and threw around flyers loaded with hateful rhetoric videos circulating online, posted by x, by Columbia students for justice in Palestine, which is in fact a, A proterra group showed the mass students lining a hallway in Milbank Hall, the oldest building on campus beating drums and loudly chanting through the microphones.


By the way, they did this on the same exact day that in Israel a eulogy was being held for the BBOs family. The BBOs family is the mother and two babies who were murdered. Point blank in cold blood. The babies with the bare hands of Hamas. This is the day that the pro-Palestinian protestors decided to take over Barnard College. Hundreds of thousands of people showed up in the streets, up to perhaps 10% of the entire Israeli population showed up in the streets to pay tribute to the family of Yarden Bibas. He's the surviving father who's released as a hostage. His wife was murdered by Hamas. Again, his 4-year-old and his one-year-old were murdered in the captivity of Hamas, apparently, according to autopsies with the bare hands of Hamas. And their bodies were battered with rocks to make a try and look like there were killed in an airstrike.


Here was some of Yarden bibas eulogy. He saying it in Hebrew. I'll give you the translation. Is it Sherry? I love you. I'll always love you, Sherry. You're everything to me. Sure. I'm sorry I couldn't protect you all. If only I'd known what would happen, I wouldn't have fired. I think about everything we went through together. There are so many beautiful memories. I remember Ari's birth. Those are the two kids. I miss those times deeply. You made me into a father.


You transformed us into a family. You taught me what truly matters in life and about responsibility. You taught me so much about myself and I want to thank you. So thank you, my beloved. Okay, that, that, so the same day that was happening, these truly evil protestors showed up at Barnard College and took over the hallways in solidarity with pro Hamas students who were expelled because they're foreign exchange students who actually support terrorism. This led to the Columbia University spokesperson, Christina Miller offering concessions to the protesters. Again, the the absolute incompetence, it is not incompetence.


They're on the side of the protesters. That's all. They're pro snicks. Half these administrators are pro snicks. Cut the student aid to these universities. Taxpayer dollars should not be flowing to universities that teach pro terrorism tripe and make room for it. Just gross. The Dean is happy to meet with some representatives from your group, but as she has some conditions and she expects that you'll have some too. So I'm here to kind of report back. She wants the people that she meets with to be unmasked and uncovered. She can offer a listening ear and that she says she feels is is about what she can offer.


Okay, so it sounds to me like some of these are not things that you are willing to accept as conditions remain with her. If not, I mean, if you would like me to take back some counter proposals, I would be fine with doing that. You ridiculous people. Just kick them outta the building and then expel the people who are foreign exchange students. That's it. It's that simple. But they, they never will do that because they have to concede to the prot side. They must. It is apparently in their Columbia University contract. Alrighty, guys coming up, we're gonna jump into that. Vaunt to Ben Shapiro. Show mailbag. You have to be a subscriber to have your question answered in the mailbag.


You should also subscribe 'cause we just have so much awesome stuff. We've got Jordan Peterson stuff, the gospels, exodus, depression, anxiety. We got Matt Walsh's big movies, and of course we have all access live today. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.