
Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or meal gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


Well, folks, we are just 39 days away from the most consequential election of our lifetimes. The race is still a dead heat. Legacy media aren't gonna tell you the truth. We will at Daily Wire plus, we cut through the lies and deliver real unfiltered news every single day. Join us as we fight the left and build the future. Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. So I'm gonna get to everything election related in a moment. First, the breaking news overnight is that Eric Adams, the mayor of New York, has now been indicted on federal criminal charges. We don't actually know what exactly is in that indictment that has been sealed at this point. Mayor Adams put out a videotaped speech online late on Wednesday night, and he said that all the charges against him would be entirely false. And based on lies, a bunch of people inside his administration have been resigning.


There have been ongoing investigations into corruption, allegations of money being passed, hand to hand, allegations of switches in policy, rooted in all of that. We're gonna have to wait to see exactly, we breaks down in terms of these charges. All I can suggest to Mayor Adams is that he should immediately go and stab somebody on a New York subway station platform, and then he'll immediately be released by the prosecution. That's the way that you get outta crimes in, in New York City. So we'll bring you all the updates as they come in on Eric Adams. Now, this race remains tight as a tick. I honestly don't know who's going to win. And anyone who tells you they know who's going to win is lying to you. I have some gut feelings. I have some, some sort of ideas in my head as to who I think is going to win.


And what I find throughout this election cycle, just on a very personal level, is that my head and my heart are very frequently in conflict. So a few weeks ago, if you had to asked me who was going to win, my head would've said Trump. And my heart would've said Harris because it felt as though the Trump campaign was not doing a good job and felt as though she had momentum. And then in my head, I was looking at the fact that she was kind of stagnating in the polls and thinking to myself, well, she should be running away with this race. And now I feel like the situation has sort of reversed in which my head says the Kamala Harris has the advantage right now. If you look at the polling data, she does have the advantage in a wide variety of swing states, although it is a minute advantage, according to Nate Silver's estimate of who is favored to win, she has about a 55% chance at winning the electoral college, which effectively means it's a dead heat.


The national polling right now is effectively even the Pennsylvania polling remains even. She's ahead in Michigan, she's a hella bit in Wisconsin, and she's running behind in all the rest of the swing states. Nevada is effectively dead even as well. So my, my head says that Harris is a little bit ahead today, and I know that Democrats are professionals at their get out to vote machine, and they are perfectly willing to use every tool at their disposal in order to achieve high levels of ballot harvesting, getting marginal voters to give them their ballots. I think they're gonna go to the college campuses and swamp those with ballot harvesters and all the rest. So my head says that she has tons of money. She's got a disciplined team that is going to go out there and grab every vote they possibly can.


And meanwhile, the Trump team is certainly less disciplined. It's unclear what their get out the vote effort looks like. That's what my head says. My heart is telling me something different. My heart is telling me that there is something happening that is being missed by the polls. Now, why do I say that? The reason I say that is because when the polls are all mirroring each other this way, one of two things is happening. Either the polls are all right and every state right now is a dead heat. Every single one, or what you have right now are pollsters who are constructing likely voter screens with a dead heat in mind. In other words, they're kind of p hacking the system. So p hacking is what people will do in the area of science in order to achieve bizarre results in their scientific papers to get them published.


So they'll get a set of results from some experiment. It turns out that the set of results is not all that inspiring. There's nothing there that's really of interest. And so what do they do? They do something where they play around with the internal statistics, they change the metrics, and suddenly they have a statistically significant result. It's called P hacking. I think a lot of the polls are doing that right now. When every single poll that I see from every single swing state says it's a dead heat, I start to think that pollsters are hedging their bets because we're not seeing a lot of registered voter polls. Registered voter polls are just the universe of possible voters. How are they gonna vote? You're seeing a lot of likely voter polls. Likely voter polls are reliant on the polling experts to tell you what they think the electorate is going to look like.


So what percentage of the electorate is going to be black this year? What percentage of the electorate will be male? What are the turnout models going to look like among single Hispanic females? The problem with that, of course, is that you could theoretically p hack that system. You could start from the premise that the race is tied, and then you could go into the internals and you could rejigger who you say is most likely to vote in order to achieve that end. And when I see all the polls mirroring each other, it starts to make me a little suspicious that something else is going on. So what does, why does that lead me to believe that maybe Trump is ahead right now? There are a couple of sort of indicators, symptoms, and they may be entirely wrong, but I think that they're saying something, two indicators.


One is a polling statistic and one is an activity. The polling statistic right now that Teamsters Union poll shook me. The Teamsters Union did a poll months ago. Joe Biden versus Donald Trump. And in that poll, Joe Biden outpaced Donald Trump 47 to 38. Now, that was an amazing result for Joe Biden. Typically, you would imagine that a Democrat would win that 60 40. The Teamsters, of course, are a union. Private sector unions tend to be more pro Democrat. Certainly the leadership is more pro democrat. So surprising that Trump was even within spitting distance. Then Biden dropped out and Harris jumped in, and suddenly the polling of the Teamsters Union shifted 20 points in favor of Donald Trump.


Suddenly he was beating Kamala Harris 60 to 40. It's like a 30 point move by the Teamsters Union. Why is that? Is it because Harris' policies are wildly different from those of Joe Biden? I don't think so. I don't think so. If this is indeed is the Democrats wish it to be a vibes election? I think there are a couple of things that have happened that shift the ground in favor of President Trump in favor of President Trump. Thing number one, there was a taboo until about six months ago on people even saying they would vote for Donald Trump if you lived in a blue area or even a purple area. The mention of Donald Trump's name would send people your friends and neighbors into spasms of apoplexy unless you lived in a deep red area.


People would get really squeamish. And then something happened. Joe Biden collapsed on the stage and people started saying out loud for the first time in years, that they might actually vote for Donald Trump. The taboo was broken. I know this because I'm in a bunch of chats with with Tech Bros, for example, and in Tech Bro land, that was an unsayable thing. Now it is kind of a sayable thing that you're thinking about voting for President Trump. There were a lot of people in Silicon Valley who were secretly supporting Trump, but wouldn't say it. Well, now they're saying it out loud.


Another dirty secret of Silicon Valley is that using the internet without express VPN, not safe. It's like taking a call on a train on speaker for everybody to hear. Most of the time it's totally fine. And then somebody asks you for your credit card number, and it's a problem every time you go online. Your ISP can see every single website you visit in today's America, they're legally allowed to sell that information to advertisers. It's like handing over your browsing history to the highest bidder. There is a simple solution. Express VPNI use Express VPN every single day. Here's why you should too. First, it reroutes 100% of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. That means your ISP can't see your browsing history. It's like putting a blindfold on Big Tech. Second, it's incredibly easy to use. Just fire up that app. You click one button and now your protected third. It works on all your devices, phones, laptops, tablets. So you can stay private whether you're at home or on the go. I use ExpressVPN every day when I'm prepping for the show. Thanks to Express VPNI know my data is secure, even on public wifi. ExpressVPN isn't just my choice. It's rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and The Verge. So don't wait. Protect your online privacy today. Protect that online privacy by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash BEN. That's PR ESS vpn.com/ BEN. Get three extra months for free with my exclusive link, expressive vpn.com/ BEN.


The taboo has been broken and once you break that taboo, you can't unbreak the taboo. The death of Joe Biden on the stage led a bunch of people to say out loud, okay, I guess I might have to vote for Donald Trump. Once you say that, you can't unsay it. Once you say it, you have granted the moral and premature the permission structure for saying that you will vote for Donald Trump and for you to reverse yourself and then say it's unthinkable to vote for. Donald Trump is no longer on the table. 'cause you've already said it's thinkable. You have now manifested the reality of the possibility that you might vote for Trump. And after the assassination attempt, there are even more people who started to say, yeah, I might. I might vote for him. I might have to vote for him. Can you imagine a situation five years ago in which Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook would've done an interview praising the personal courage of Donald Trump?


That would've been unthinkable, truly unthinkable. And yet that did happen in the aftermath of the assassination attempt. So that is a factor that cut in Donald Trump's favor. In other words, that gap between the time that Biden wrapped up the nomination and the time that he dropped out opened a new permission structure that Donald Trump has not had in America since probably 2016. So that's the first thing that happened. The other thing that happened is Kamala Harris jumping into the race and orienting her entire race toward females. Kamala Harris has run the most female centric campaign of all time. It's not just that she is a female herself. It is that the top issue that she's running on is abortion. The thing that she's running on beyond all others is the idea that abortion is the most critical American right, and that everything else is secondary.


And not only that, it's not just the issue of her campaign. It's the way that she has touted her campaign, the way the people she has surrounded herself with. So when she picked Tim Walls, there was this attempt to turn Tim Walls into the gregarious kindly coach who was going to bring in men. Hey, that dude wore hunting gear. Sometimes. Hey, he had a shotgun. And you like to talk a little gruff. There was only one problem. It didn't read that way to men. When you talk to men about the Harris ticket, the vast majority of men look at that ticket. They look at Doug Emh, they look at the people that she surrounds herself with, and they say, this is an anti male campaign.


This campaign is not just pro female. It is actively anti-male. The males that she surrounds herself with are all betas. There's a bit of the renfield about all these men. Now, Tim Walls has to show up on stage and immediately he's like, yes, Mata, I will eat the flies. He's doing a full on renfield routine vis-a-vis Dracula with Kamala Harris total subservience. And, and that total subservience routine does not draw men in. That is why that ridiculous ad from white dudes for Harris put out by beige Rainbow Pack was so hilarious because even that ad which was attempting to reach out to the men who liked to eat animal meat, even that ad did not read that way.


It read as apologetic for masculinity. So I think that they're a bunch of men just like the the Teamsters Union. I think there are a bunch of men who are not showing up in the polls right now who are going to vote against her. I think that's a reality. And finally, there is a sort of bleeding indicator symptom. And that is Kamala Harris and Joe Biden flying Vladimir Zelensky in a C 17 to Pennsylvania, to tour munitions factory in a swing state 40 days before an election. What that says to me is that the internal polling in Pennsylvania is not looking good for Democrats. That Democrats are freaking out over Pennsylvania if they under. And by the way, the most, the most obvious blown opportunity by a Democrat of my lifetime, all Kamala Harris had to do to shore up that state was pick Josh Shapiro, the popular governor of Pennsylvania.


and she didn't do it 'cause she was afraid that he was a Jew. And so if she loses Pennsylvania, that's what that's about. When you bring in Zelensky as an attempt to win over, I assume the Polish vote, because that's literally what she said in the debate with Donald Trump. She said, there are 800,000 Polish voters in Pennsylvania, and they care deeply about NATO and Ukraine. First of all, if you think that the 800,000 people of Polish descent in Pennsylvania, their top issue in this election cycle is the position of Donald Trump vis-a-vis nato. Think again, that is not a reality. That is, that is wish casting by the Harris campaign. I think it's also an addiction by the Harris campaign to a peculiar form of identity politics where you can simply group people into a group and then pretend they all have the same priorities.


The idea that Polish Americans, fourth generation, fifth generation Polish Americans are, are number one of all things on earth concerned with the Ukraine war, as opposed to, you know, their jobs going away in Pennsylvania. That seems kind of weird to me. So Kamala Harris, she's had to reintroduce herself, and this I think may be the best indicator of all she knows. She has not done enough to properly introduce herself to the American public, that the American public feels disquieted about her. They find her to be enigmatic empty. They believe there is no there there, and they are, right? So yesterday she did a couple of things. She gave a speech on economics, and then she did an interview with Stephanie Rule at M-S-N-B-C.


Neither was good. So the first thing she did was the speech at the Economic Club of Pittsburgh where she pretended to be a middle of the road economic pragmatist. That was after her 20 19 20 20 campaign where she basically ran as Bernie Sanders. So her new, her new shtick is that she is going to grant tax credits, you know, like a Republican would, and that she's going to give tax cuts, you know, like a Republican would and that she would make up for all of that by taxing just the rich, which of course is untrue because you can tax the rich all day long and all night long. It ain't gonna pay for your deficit spending. You've been trying it folks.


Kamala Harris' financial plans make no sense, but yours need to make some sense. The Federal Reserve has now dropped interest rates. So you need to call my friends in American financing today. I mean, look right now, mortgage rates are now in the fours. So now is a perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. Let's face it, a lot of people have been forced to use credit cards because of the insane prices at the grocery store. Power bills, even for childcare. With credit card rates through the roof, that debt will eat you alive. But here's the good news. With the mortgage rates dropping, now is the perfect time to wipe that debt out. American financing is helping homeowners just like you. Yes, you save over 800 bucks a month on average, that is real money back in your pocket. They're even closing some loans in as fast as 10 days. And get this, if you start today, you might be able to delay two mortgage payments. Not to mention there are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So here's what you need to do. Call American financing today at (866) 721-3300. That's 8 6 6 7 2 1 3300. Or if you prefer, visit American financing.net/shapiro NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org APR for rates. And the fours start at APR 5.672% for well qualified borrowers. Call 8 6 6 7 2 1 3300 for details about credit costs and terms.


The reality in the United States is the top quintile of taxpayers in this country pay literally all net taxes, not some all, okay? Net taxes means the amount of tax dollars you are paying in versus the number of tax dollars you are getting out the top quintile. Pay all net taxes in the United States. So, she tried to claim that she was a capitalist, that she believes in free and fair markets. The problem of course is that she has no definition for fair markets. The New York Times LED Vice President, Kamala Harris wants voters to know that she is not a socialist. That was the clear, unspoken theme of Ms. Harris's nearly 40 minute economic policy speech in Pittsburgh on Wednesday. It was why she paraphrased.


Warren Buffet cited a survey of top economists and praised entrepreneurs in language that echoed Republican Senator EM MIT Romney's Presidential run a dozen years ago. The problem is this is not going to work. It is not going to work because if she's attempting to out capitalist Donald Trump, good luck with that. In the same way that it is a mistake for Republicans to try to out welfare Democrats, it is a mistake for Democrats to try to out capitalism Republicans. But she understands she has to tamp down all of the talk about the fact that her administration has been awful for the economy and the fact that the principles she has spent her entire career espousing up until this very moment, a really anti-capitalist. She doesn't have to be a full Marxist socialist to be anti-capitalist.


If you simply call for massive regulation and confiscation of unearned capital gains. If you suggest that price increases are due to price gouging through grocery store collusion and then suggest price controls is the answer, you are not pro capitalism. So just to add insult to injury here, before Harris gave the speech, Joe Biden, the sitting president of the United States, I remind you that that Senile Dottering old fool is still the sitting president of the United States and the most powerful person on Earth. Joe Biden just dumped a ton of bricks on her head because one of the things that Harris is trying to do in this campaign is separate off from the Biden Harris record.


She has a catch 22. She's only there because she's Joe Biden's vp, but she doesn't want anybody to know that it's a secret. So Joe Biden let the secret outta the bag yesterday and The View, he linked her to every one of his policies. So this would be, I don't know, a $50 million campaign in kind contribution to Donald Trump by Joe Biden right here. And as vice president, there wasn't a single thing that I did that she couldn't do. And so I was able to delegate her responsibility on everything from foreign policy to domestic policy. Oh, he delegated everything to her. So good luck defending all of that. Kamala, seriously and So, she gives this speech. And again, the message of the speech is that she will be pragmatic.


She is not an ideologue. She's gonna be a middle of the road pragmatist. Now I know somebody else who promised this. His name was Joe Biden, and then he proceeded to enact most left wing agenda in American economic modern history. He himself has said he's the most transformative economic president since FDR. So I don't believe you Kamala Harris. So here she was reading off the teleprompter. We just need to move past the failed policies that we have proven don't work. Okay? I mean that's, thank you for that campaign ad. She is the proven policies we know don't work. What does she mean? She actually means capitalism.


Okay, but she promises, once again, it's gonna be all pragmatism and joy. This was a terrible speech. This did not help her one iota. And I promise you I will be pragmatic in my approach. I will engage in what Franklin Roosevelt called bold, persistent experimentation because I believe we shouldn't be constrained by ideology. And instead should seek practical solutions to problems. Realistic assessments of what is working and what is not. Applying metrics to our analysis, applying facts to our analysis, and stay focused then not only on the crises at hand, but on our big goals.


Okay? So if you believe this McKinsey esque bull, then I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you that. She's sitting there with the data sheet, she's got the spreadsheets, and she's determining what, what works and what doesn't. First of all, we should point out that the bold experimentation tried by FDR was terrible and lengthened the Great Depression by full on eight years. The the bold experimentation means she puts her thumb in randomly into the economy and starts swirling it around. And then she says there will be metrics by which she determines her success. Really? What are those metrics? I wanna know, because you say that Joe Biden is a success. At the same time you're saying that you can't run on his record because we need a change. So I don't believe you, I don't believe that you're just gonna do things that work and then not do things that don't work because you've been spending four years doing things that don't work and pretending they work.


There's that. Also, I don't believe that you are very pro capitalism when you say nonsense like this. She says that she's gonna challenge the private sector to lift up workers through. Wait for it, wait for it, wait for it. Equity. Now, equity for those who have been watching is a code word for racial discrimination. Equity in her view is a code war for sameness of outcome. Despite difference in performance, it is a way of crashing the free market in the name of some higher principle of social justice. And we will reform our tax laws to make it easier for businesses to let workers share in their company's success.


And I will challenge the private sector to do more, to lift up workers through equity, profits and benefits. So more people can share in America's success and prosperity. Oh, she's gonna challenge, she's gonna challenge the free markets issues. She's gonna challenge the free markets. And for that's forced, by the way, folks, the government doesn't challenge things. The government forces things. In fact, they force so many things that it feels as though you can be canceled at any moment for pretty much anything by the government and its allies


in a world rife with cancel culture. Wearing your beliefs on your sleeve isn't just a metaphor, it is a radical act of free speech. If you dare to express an opinion the Woke mop doesn't particularly like they'll come after you've seen it happen time and again, that's why I'm excited to tell you about the Daily Wires partnership with Sticker Mule. Sticker Mule isn't just any old merch company. They're the Internet's favorite place for custom stickers, magnets, and more. Plus, they're based sticker mule's. Co-founder and CEO recently vocalized his support for President Trump calling for an end to political hate in the wake of the attempt on Trump's life. Now they're bringing you exclusive Daily Wire merch by shopping at Sticker Mule dot com slash Daily. Wire, you're not just getting awesome merch, you're supporting free speech and standing up against leftist groupthink, you're saying I won't be silenced by the left-wing mob. Let's be honest, nothing triggers the left-wing or faster than a well-placed facts don't care about your feeling sticker. A portion of every sale goes directly to support The Daily Wire, which means you're helping us continue to bring you the hard hitting truth. The mainstream media will not touch. Head on over to Sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire today. Make your voice heard. That's Sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire.


The federal government doesn't challenge things. The federal government forces things. It's a giant gun and it's pointed at things. She's going to force the free markets to force the workers to share in the profits. Now, here's the reality about how profits work. Folks. If you're an investor in a company, you share in the profits. If you are a wage earner, you are taking on a lower risk because you have not put your own money behind the the company. If you work for a company and you are a wage based employee, the whole point is you are guaranteed the wage, whether the profits go up or down that week unless you are fired. That's the bargain. Employees get steady paychecks, investors have ups and they have downs.


And when she just simply throws those words out there without any sort of definition, what she really means is that she wants to force companies to do the things she wants them to do. All this, of course, is incredibly vague. She, she started dumping out basically the, the Boggle pieces and, and, and started talking about growing our middle class and just its platitudes after platitudes here. She was on the middle class. I believe we need to grow our middle class and make sure our economy works for everyone, for people like the people in the neighborhood where I grew up and the hardworking, Oh God, This nonsense I meet every day across our nation.


Do you mean the Tony upper cross place that you grew up in Montreal? All, all this crap about the middle class. Oh, the middle class. And I'm going to save the middle. She's not gonna do crap for the middle class. First of all, we should point out in the United States, there is no class system. There are actual class systems that existed in 19th century Britain in which it was very difficult to make it out of a class into which you were born. That has never been true in the United States, going back to the time of Alexis de Tocqueville in like the 1830s. But again, it is all just sloganeering and platitude. So it's not going to help her. Nobody believes that she's radically pro-free market. Nobody believes she's a pragmatist. No one thinks she's middle of the road. And if you do, it's because you're not watching closely. And so at the end, she just starts truly slathering on as much Crisco as she possibly can.


She's going to obscure everything and she's gonna do it with a blizzard of nonsense. Would you like to hear Kamala Harris talk about the spirit of inspiration? I, I sure would. I think Americans want eight years of hearing about the spirit of inspiration from this absolute empty vessel dullard of a human. We need to guard that spirit. We have to guard that spirit. Let it always inspire us. Let it always be the source of our optimism, which is that spirit that is so uniquely American. And let that then inspire us by helping us to be inspired to solve the problems that so many face, including our small business owners.


I, I, I cannot. I cannot, I cannot. She's like a word of the day calendar. Today's word of the day is inspiration. CFU can use it in a sense. Wow. To truly feel inspired, you have to feel the inspiration that will inspire you to do inspired things in inspirational fashion. Mm. Good God. I I think my favorite part of this particular speech is where she started talking about the, the biblical book of Ecclesias. I I liked this one a lot. I had not heard of this biblical book. I had heard of Ecclesiastes, I had not heard of Ecclesiastics, which I assume is Ecclesiastes when you work in a plastic factory.


I, I, I don't, I don't really understand what she's referring to here. But if we were gonna make fun of Donald Trump years and years and years ago for saying two Corinthians instead of second Corinthians, that is less bad than calling Ecclesiastes Ecclesiastics. You know, there's a time for patience and there's a time for impatience. That's not an ecclesiastics. But, but You're right. It's not an Ecclesias Four minute mayor. That's true. I mean, maybe it's an ecclesiastics that's not a book. So sure it could be theoretically. and she is, she has the wisdom of King Solomon. If King Solomon had been dropped on his head as a baby, for sure, even CNN was like, there's nothing here.


There's no here here. So CNN's Shera Stein, who works for the San Francisco Chronicle, she's like, I'm, I'm noticing not a lot of specifics here, right? 'cause she can't, 'cause she can't. The minute she gets down to specifics, we start digging into them. When she said she wanted to, for example, tax unearned capital gains, that was pretty specific and it was really bad for her. And that is the history of Kamala Harris's campaigns. She says platitudes and the left. Cheers. And they clap. This is true in 20 19, 20 20. Then she says a specific thing and then she has to walk it back 'cause it's total trash. She does not know her own policies. She doesn't know what she's talking about. The dirty secret of this campaign is that Kamala Harris is a stupid person. She is not smart.


You can say whatever you want about Donald Trump. Call him stupid. Doesn't matter. Hey, Donald Trump was already president. We already know his record looked like. So if you're not gonna run on your record as the vice President of the United States, which would theoretically cover for many of these areas, you don't have to answer questions about your policy. You would just say, look what I did while I was in office. But she won't do that. So that means she has to run on herself. And if she's gonna run on herself, then she has to run on one of two things. Either her stated policies and she won't do that. 'cause she won't tell you her policies or her innate charisma and intelligence. She's much more reliant on those things than Donald Trump is. We all, we already know Donald Trump and we already know what he do as president. Well, there's a problem. She's not charismatic and she ain't smart And. here is cnn.


She assigned being like, yeah, there was nothing there. The problem that we're encountering with all of these is we're getting a vision of her economic agenda, of her policy agenda. We're not getting specifics. Oh, you think,


well folks, even CNN says that there are no specifics to Kamala Harris' answers. But you need answers when you start a business. And one of the biggest questions you have is hr. When we started Daily Wire, we had no idea what to do with hr. We were focused on creating content. And it's hard to find a managing professional capable of handling day-to-Day hr. If that sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambi. With Bambi, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're getting a dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and real time chat. They'll handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, and performance reviews. With Bambi's HR Autopilot feature, you can streamline essential HR practices like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time for what really matters to your business. All of Bambi's HR managers are based in the United States and can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost 80 grand annually, but Bambi starts just 99 bucks monthly. So a matter of the size of your business, Bambi can work for you. Don't wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation by visiting bam bee.com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. It's spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. Bam bee.com. type in Ben Shapiro right now to get started. That's bam b.com and type in Ben Shapiro on your podcast when you sign up.


Okay, so Kamala Harris, she still has to introduce herself. She's spending hundreds of millions of dollars right now introducing herself to the American people. It's not, it's not happening. By the way, I'm hearing anecdotal evidence from Pennsylvania that you cannot turn on the TV without seeing an ad from the Trump campaign. Introducing Kamala Harris to the people of Pennsylvania, which if so great for the Trump campaign. So one other way she decided to introduce herself yesterday was that she was going to do her first one-on-one interview. This is her first nationally televised one-on-one interview that yes, that is correct, because you remember that that first interview, the one that she did with Dana Bash on CNN, she brought along her emotional support, Renfield Corgi, Tim Walls, and he was sitting there to save her if she got herself in trouble, or could she, she could look over every so often and she could pet her emotional support Corgi, and then feel better about herself.


Well, this is the first time that she actually sat down one-on-one in a nationally televised interview. By the way, that's like 60 odd days into her campaign, which is fairly incredible. And the person she chose was boot liquor Stephanie rule over at M-S-N-B-C, who literally said last week she didn't have to answer any tough questions in order to justify that thesis. Stephanie Rule decided not to ask any tough questions. So that was exciting. And Kamala Harris made a fool of herself. There was never going to be a friendlier interviewer than Stephanie Rule. And somehow Kamala Harris achieved the signal distinction of completely falling flat on her face in an interview with a person who's busily attempting to massage her with baby oil.


It's incredible. That's how bad she's at this. And you can say that Donald Trump has flubbed interviews before. Typically the interviews that Donald Trump flubs are unfriendly interviews. It goes to the National Association of Black Journalists and asks a bunch of hostile questions about why he's a racist. And then he flubs it. But he doesn't really tend to flub. For example, interviews that say Sean Hannity, Kamala Harris has found a new way to fail. She flubs interviews with people who are carrying around drool cups for her So. she leads off this interview and she explains that people are having trouble getting the American dream. At no point does it occur to her that she's the current vice president of the United States. Maybe that's her problem.


And I come from the middle class. Look, my mother raised my sister and me. She worked hard. She saved up by the time I was a teenager, she was able to buy our first home. And you know, home ownership for too many people in our country now is elusive. You know, gone is the day of everyone thinking they could actually live the American dream. So part of my vision for the economy is let's deal with some of the everyday challenges that people face and address them with common sense solutions such as affordable housing. Wow, that, that was really affordable. Housing is her solution. That that, that's, that's a great solution. Do you feel quieted now? Do you feel more calm watching this person?


Then she explained it's very important to have plans. And plans are really, really important. In fact, the planning of the plan is what makes a plan so planned. And one must be serious and have a plan and a real plan that's not just about some talking point ending in an exclamation at a political rally, but actually putting the thought into, do you want a mirror? What will be the return on the investment? What will be the economic impact on everyday people? One must have a plan, one must one. Not me, not, I mean, and it can't just be platitudes with an exclamation point at the end.


That would be bad. The middle. I grew up a middle class child. Why isn't she catching fire? Why is she riding at 46, 47, 40 8% of these poles after two months of pure Brett energy? Why is this lady stuck in a dead tie with Donald? I can't imagine why So, she was asked at one point, why if she's so anti-Trump tariffs plan, why did she keep half those tariffs in place here? She was trying to explain. Tariffs aren't unique to President Trump. President Biden has tariffs in place. He's actually looking to potentially implement more. Where do you come out on? Is there a good tariff? A bad tariff? I, well, part of it is you don't just throw around the idea of just tariffs across the board.


And that's part of the problem with Donald Trump. I frankly, I I am going to, and I say this in all sincerity, he's just not very serious about how he thinks about some of these issues. And one must be serious and have a plan. One must be serious. Oh, yes. Again, you might, oh, and, and she, 'cause she's a serious person. She's a serious person. By the way, at this point, I should point out, I, I know many secret service agents. I I know an exs secret service agent who actually worked with the vice president of the United States is unverified to take it for what it's worth, apparently she sat in her office pretty much all day playing solitaire on her computer. I'm not even joking.


That is a real thing apparently. So maybe it's true, maybe it's false. I'll just throw out what I've heard would not be surprising. I can just see, comment, look at this. If I put the red as on the black tomb, oh, they're bouncing all over the screen. Inspiring. So much inspiration. And here she was. Ba you want more babbling? Here we go. She's gonna babble about paying your fair share. So she's asked by Stephanie Rule, you wanna raise taxes in certain areas? You want certain tax credits, you want all this stuff? What if you have a Republican Congress and you can't do any of those things? Whatcha gonna do Then she has no answer. This is such a perfectly obvious question and she has no answer whatsoever. She just starts babbling about her fair share.


You can see her mentally flipping through at very slow speed. 'cause she's not a smart person. All of the various three by five note cards that she stores up there until she finds the one labeled fair share. And you can hear the click when the roulette ball falls into the roulette wheel and suddenly, oh, she, she's stumbling around. Fair share Fair? Yes, fair share. Here we go. Where do you get the money to do that? Do you still go forward with those plans and borrow Well, but we're gonna have to raise corporate taxes and we're gonna have to raise, we're gonna have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That's just it.


It's about paying their fair share. Did you hear the, did you hear the ball click into the wheel right there. She's searching around. She has no idea what to say. She just says we have to do the thing. Okay, but, but we have to that that's not an answer. How, how are you going to drive to work this morning? Your car, sorry, the transmission fell outta the car. How are you gonna get to work? Well, we have to get to work. That wasn't the question. So. she goes searching around and she's like, fair. Yes. She actually starts smiling when she hits the phrase fair share. 'cause she's found the right note card. 'cause there ain't nothing going on up there, folks. She's empty between the ears. Don't believe me. Well, I have a holistic answer for you.


Here she is explaining how, how she approaches problems holistically. Again, we've had word of the day yesterday, there were two words of the day yesterday, inspiration and holistically. So she's gonna answer this question so holistically that I I I have, I have no words. Here we go. Some of the work is gonna be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people.


Yes, that was, that, that was three uses of the word holistic or holistically inside of 10 seconds. Because she is a stupid person. If you listen to that and you're like, wow. Higher intelligence at work. Well folks, you may be the sucker in the room in just one second we'll get to more of Kamala Harris. And then Joe Biden gives his going away valedictory with the harpies of The View first, one of the most anticipated events of the 2024 election is coming to Daily Wire Plus on Tuesday night, the 2024 vice presidential debate between JD Vance and Tim Walls will be live right here. But let's face it, these debates are better with friends, especially friends who can spot every lie and false promise.


That is why we are doing a special backstage with a pre-show analysis from Matt Walsh, Michael Moles, Andrew Klavin, Jeremy boring. And of course I will be there as well. Plus stick around for a post-debate breakdown with insights. You're not gonna hear from the mainstream media. So instead of yelling at your TV alone, come yell with us the vice presidential debate Tuesday night, 8:30 PM Eastern time over at Daily Wire Plus. Okay, meanwhile, well, the good news for Kamala Harris is that no matter how terrible she's in these interviews, she'll have her defenders including the interviewer Stephanie Rule. That's the reason she gave Stephanie rule the interview in the first place. This interview closed with Stephanie Rule asking one of the hardest hitting questions I have heard ever in the history of journalism. Here we go, Stephanie. Rule. So, look, I think the, the thing about Donald Trump is that, you know, I don't think the women of America need him to say he's gonna protect them.


The women of America need him to trust them. Can we trust you? Yes, yes. I am not perfect, but I will tell you, I'm always gonna put the needs of the people first. Can they, can the, can they trust you? Can they trust? Wow. What would've been amazing is if she said no. I mean, that's true, but you wouldn't say that. What a terrible question. Even Stephanie Rule had to admit after, after the interview that Kamala Harris would not answer questions. I mean, as we'll see, she tried to spin this into a victory for Kamala Harris, but here she was with Nicole Wallace, who looks like she, she's smiling so hard, the top of her head's gonna come off.


Here's what's a little tricky. She doesn't answer the question around if the GOP is controlling the Senate, if she can't raise corporate taxes, where is she going to get the money from? Is, you know, to expand the child tax credit and do all the things she wants to do. and she says, we just have to do it. And that's great and that's a campaign promise. But, but, but the issue is if it means we're just gonna borrow again, then what we're doing is we're just never addressing the deficit. And back in the days when you were a proud Republican, debts and deficits mattered. So that's Stephanie rule. The person who was put there to kiss Kamala Harris's ass pointing out that she doesn't answer basic questions. The good news is, Stephanie Rule says she doesn't have to answer questions.


These are complex issues. One could watch that and say, well, she didn't give a clear, direct answer. That's okay, because we are not talking about clear or direct issues. That is the dumbest statement I've ever heard. So you're given a complex issue and you don't have to give a clear or direct answer because they're not clear or direct issues. That, that, that's, that's our new standard hard question means you can give a dumb answer. Okay? I, I suppose that it's a standard. Well, meanwhile, Joe Biden is sitting out there, and I kind of think that Joe Biden hopes that she loses as evidenced by the fact that he went on The View and then tied her to all of his policies. Because if she loses, Joe Biden is the most vindicated person still technically alive.


That is kind of an amazing thing. If she somehow finds a way to lose to Donald Trump, Joe Biden gets to spend the rest of his life telling the Democratic Party. He told them. So he, he had said, only I can beat Trump. If she finds a way to lose to Trump, he's gonna be able to walk around for the next seven and a half months or however else long. He's not in hospice, telling people that he was right all along. So he is doing his valedictory tour on the, on The View where the ladies of The View paid homage to him. And he tried to explain how he was forced out. What I did was, I think there were, I, it makes sense. There were some folks who would like to see me step aside so they have a chance to, to move on.


I, I get that, that that's just human nature. But that wasn't the reason that I, I stepped down. I stepped down because I started thinking about it. You know, it's hard to think of. I know you're only 30, but it's hard to think of. It's hard for me to even say how old I am. No, I'm serious. I, I don't know. Why is that? I I give my word. It's like, holy God, that can't be right. Okay, well then why were you running in the first place? We all know he was forced out, but he's enjoying these last few moments. So Whoopi Goldberg, she's out there paying tribute to this brilliant, this brilliant order legislator man of the people, Joe Biden.


She says that Joe Biden was her ride or die Lose it. I liked the way they did it. I'm going to just say it out loud 'cause nobody says it out loud. I didn't like the way it was done publicly. I thought they could have done this in a different way because we didn't need to hear all the inner fighting. I didn't like it. I'm saying it to you. I you were my ride or die. I was going where? Wherever you, You see Biden smiling there, he's so uncomfortable because he feels exactly the same way. Well, that's not where that interview ended. By the way, The View then compared Donald Trump to a bug. And Joe Biden slapped the bug because these are, these are people of unity and joy.


That's the Democratic party. He just wouldn't go. He was like a, a bug. He just kept being there. He was like a, like a bug right there. So you felt, Oh, and he, and he killed the bug. See, it's funny, it's funny. In an era of assassination attempts, it's super duper, duper funny. Joe Biden also added in this interview that Donald Trump has no redeeming social values. Look, Trump is a Careful, There's not a lot of social redeeming value there. No, you Think Greg, No redeeming social values smack him down like a bug.


And by the way, his commerce secretary, Gina Raimondo, went on national TV yesterday and called for Donald Trump to be extinguished forever. Why? But but why are there so many assassinations times on Donald Trump? They asked, How did we get here? Let's extinguish him for good. We have an answer. We have a remarkably talented candidate who is sincere, who's pragmatic, who's open. Let's just get it done. Remarkably talented is definitely one way of putting it. Democrats are getting desperate. And this goes back to my original point here. I know in my gut, I get the feeling they know that she's in trouble. That's presumably why Nicole Wallace over at M-S-N-B-C is now yelling at Republicans to campaign for Kamala and that that's really what she's doing.


I, So I think it's time to draw a line in the sand and call bull on people who say, I'm not voting for Trump, but I can't do it for Harris. If you're not voting for Trump because you're afraid of what he'd do to the rule of law, or you're afraid of what he do, I mean Trump is the reason that there's no immigration Bill. Trump is the reason that women are dying in Georgia. Trump is anti-life. Trump is anti-immigration policy. Trump is anti-constitution, anti rule of law. And if you're a Republican who isn't voting for him, 'cause you care about any one of those things, it's bull. If you're not campaigning for Kamala Harris, there's one way to do something about those things if that's what you care About.


Alright? N Nicole Wallace is half a second from turning into that meme lady from 2016 screaming at the sky after Trump won. And that's why I got that gut feeling that perhaps the Democrats have a big problem on their hands.


Well, it is a truth bomb that Kamala Harris has a big problem on her hands. Something the media don't really want you to know about. But it's not just truth bombs that we drop here at Daily Wire. We also offer you in conjunction with our friends at Birch Gold the golden truth bomb. Yes indeed. That promotion is ending very soon. So everybody knows Kamala Harris' administration gonna be a problem. Economically speaking, you're looking at a proposed top income tax rate, nearly 40%, 7% hike in corporate taxes and a capital gains tax on unrealized gains, which is psychotic, frankly. But there is more. They also want to add almost $2 trillion to our $2 trillion deficit, which means that they're just driving the economy off a cliff like Thelma and Louise. Now I know you're thinking, how can I protect my heart earned money? Well, the good news is our friends at Birch Gold can help you. Birch Gold can help you convert your existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA. That's right, a tax sheltered inflation resistant golden tickets financial security. Here's the kicker, you're not gonna pay a penny outta pocket for the conversion. I'm working with Birch Gold for years. They'll answer you all your questions and then you can take control of your financial future. So text the Lord Bens 98. 98 98. You'll get that free info kit on gold, no strings attached. And remember, this is important. This is the final month to get that limited edition, 24 karat gold plated truth bomb with qualifying purchases. A fun gift that you get when you sign up with Birch Gold. Time is running out fast. This is your last chance to not only protect your wealth, but also to own a piece of financial truth. Don't miss out on this golden opportunity. It is disappearing faster than common sense in DC. Text BEN to 98, 98 98. Claim your eligibility before September 30th in a time of high tax and high inflation. Protect your savings with gold from Birch Gold. Text BEN to 98. 98 98 for your free info kit today.


Meanwhile, the Biden Harris administration continues to be a thing like they exist in real life and they are so unbelievably weak and terrible, so unbelievably weak and terrible. So Israel is currently wrecking Hezbollah, I mean really wrecking them in Lebanon. They've destroyed over 50% of their long range capacity. Hezbollah has basically been reduced to firing a dozen to 20 rockets every night into random areas of Israel. Last night it was Acre ako in, in Hebrew without doing significant damage. That is because Israel has been so wildly effective in its operation so far from Operation grim beeper as they've been calling it to the latest airstrikes. Today. For example, they took out the head of the air campaign of Hezbollah.


They have incredible levels of intelligence penetration into Hezbollah. So how would that war come to an end very easily if the United States and it tallies. If we said we're gonna let Israel go, we're gonna give 'em all the arms they need. They can do whatever they need to push you north of the lat so you can go the easy way or you can go the hard way. The easy way is you just move north of Lat River and then all of this stops. Like right now, if we said that, it would be over. But Joe Biden is pathologically incapable of saying that because Joe Biden believes like every coward, that if you make concessions, you will suddenly be granted magical beneficence by some of the world's worst human beings. This is why he's been attempting to push for Israel to make concessions to Hamas for the entirety of the Gaza War.


And it turns out that the best policy when it comes to fighting terror groups like this, especially terror groups that are involved with the actual government of Lebanon, is to point out to them that if they don't do the thing, they can get wrecked. But Joe Biden will never do that. And so the Biden administration has put forward a series of moves over the course of the last 24 hours, all of which are quite terrible. First, according to Max Abrams, the Pentagon said that the White House has decided the US military will not supply intelligence support to Israel for operations in Lebanon. So Israel has taken out Hezbollah terror who killed Americans and the Biden Administration's number one responses, were not going to help you. I, I wonder why Hezbollah thinks they can outlast this thing. I wonder why.


I wonder why they keep ramping it up. Apparently the Biden administration is divided over Israel's escalation against Hezbollah. Remember, it's an escalation. When Israel responds to 11 months of 8,000 rockets being fired into its territory, that's an escalation. According to the Washington Post, senior officials are publicly calling for deescalation as the administration tries to find a diplomatic off ramp to the metastasizing. Middle East conflicts. Again. What's amazing about all of this, Hamas, Hezbollah, the conflicts would be over today, this moment, if the terrorists just stopped doing the thing. If Hamas surrendered, if it's leadership went into exile, and if it surrendered the hostages, the conflict in Gaza is over.


That's the end of it. It's very simple. If Hezbollah disarmed below the latanya River, it's all over. We're done. Move on with your life. That's all. Okay? These asks are not in any way crazy or insane. Israel is not asking for Lebanon to surrender full swaths of sovereign territory to the Israeli government on a permanent basis. They're saying, just don't let terrorists occupy this area the way that you have for the last 20 odd years. And somehow this is controversial. So Joe Biden, he suggested that full scale war might actually be on the way full scale war.


I just have a question. What, what makes you think full scale war isn't already happening? It turns out that when Israel is under assault from seven different fronts, that's called a full scale war. The only thing that hadn't happened is Israel flexing its muscles, which is, which it's doing right now. So Joe Biden on The View, which is a great place to announce foreign policy decisions, says that he's going to pursue what he called the a deal that fundamentally transforms the region. By the way, that deal was on the table when he came into office. It was called the Abraham Accords. All he had to do was go to the Saudis and guarantee that he was going to smooth the path between the Saudis and the Israelis. And by February of 2021, there would've been a deal between the Saudis and the Israelis. And October 7th never would've happened.


That is a reality. That deal was on the table. And Joe Biden blew it up because he's a fool. Because when it comes to foreign policy, he's been wrong on every issue of his entire lifetime. Well, here he was yesterday saying they need a a deal. A deal. You know, no. No matter how often you say a deal, a deal, a deal, a deal is not in the offering when one side literally is a terrorist group that refuses to negotiate saying a deal. The the worst negotiator in human history of this guy Is a ceasefire still in reach. And would you require all hostages to be released alive in order to have a ceasefire? Hmm. The answer is part of the ceasefire would be the exchange of those hostages, number one.


Number two, an all out war is possible, but I think there's also the opportunity, we're still in play to have a settlement that could fundamentally change the whole region. I, I don't know if this guy's in the back room huffing his own farts or what. I mean, like there, there is no evidence whatsoever that Hamas has any capacity or interest in cutting that sort of deal. They've rejected every deal that has been presented to them, every single one since November of 2023. It's amazing. But They don't have a strategy. Their only strategy is what can we do to prevent people from fighting with each other prior to the election? That's all this is, because they understand that if Israel goes into Lebanon, that opens a gaping hole in her campaign, because then she might be forced to, you know, decide between Israel and the terrorists.


And there are a lot of terrorist supporters inside the Democratic party. In fact, according to the latest polling, the Harris voter favors the Palestinians over the Israelis, 33% to 19%, which is crazy towns for the record that St. Paul shows Trump supporters support Israel over the Palestinians 66 to five. So for all of those who suggested antisemitism is equivalent between the two parties at eight remotely, not even remotely. So what else is the Biden administration doing? Well, they've now called along with the French, with the French, with the Emmanuel Macron. They've called for a 21 day pause in the fighting based on nothing, based on literally nothing. So they put out a statement, a joint statement from the us, Australia, Canada, the eu, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Qatar.


And here's the, here's the amazing thing about this statement. They call for a ceasefire. Okay? The ceasefire, the ceasefire call makes no mention of Hezbollah, none. So Israel right now is not fighting the Lebanese government. If they wish to decapitate the Lebanese government, they would be be attacking Lebanese government infrastructure, Lebanese government buildings. That is not what they're doing. Lebanon has a government, Hezbollah is part of that government. Israel, if it were at war with the Lebanese government or the Lebanese people, would not be bombing only in the Bacca Valley, which is where the long range missiles are, or in the area south of lat, which is where the rockets are. They wouldn't be hitting specific precincts of Beirut where Hezbollah is known to be. They'd be knocking out the government infrastructure.


They already would've, they would've taken down the electrical grid of Beirut already if they were at war with the Lebanese people or the Lebanese government. So this statement doesn't even make mention of the party that started the conflict. That's how absurd this is. Here's the idiot statement from the cadre of diplomatic morons. Quote, the situation between Lebanon and Israel since October 8th, 2023, is intolerable and presents an unacceptable risk of a broader regional escalation. Okay? Now, you might want to point out what happened October 8th. What? What happened? The answer is Hezbollah in solidarity with Hamas started firing rockets over the border. And you guys said nothing. For nearly a year, Israel had to evacuate a hundred thousand of its own citizens from that area inside the Israeli border.


There is no border dispute here. Lebanon does not have any sovereign claim to Israel. And Israel tries to make no sovereign claim to Lebanon. They abandoned that area in 2000. I I love that The statement doesn't even point out that Hezbollah is the initiator of this conflict. See, this is in nobody's interest. Neither the people of Israel nor the people of Lebanon. What do, what do the people of Lebanon have to do with anything? It's certainly not in the interest of the people of Israel to be under constant rocket fire from the North. And as for the people of Lebanon, Israel's not at war with them. Israel is at war with Hezbollah. Israel is literally calling up apartment buildings and telling people to evacuate so they can blow up. The munitions says this moronic statement. It is time to conclude a diplomatic settlement that enables civilians on both sides of the border to return to their homes and safety.


Okay, all ideas. Welcome all ideas. Welcome. Diplomacy is not a strategy. Diplomacy is a tactic. You can't just diplomacy your way into peace. That's not the way things work. You just, it's like Michael Scott's declaring bankruptcy. We want a settlement. Okay, who gives a what you want? That's the what are you talking about? Diplomacy say, these adults cannot succeed amid an escalation of this conflict. Well, I noticed that when Israel wasn't hitting Hezbollah, there also was not diplomacy. I noticed that weird Amos Hochstein has spent the last year as the American envoy to the Middle East running back and forth two Lebanon in Israel, and he's accomplished zero things.


It turns out the best way to achieve peace is to make it clear to your opponents that if they do not sign their name on the deal, their brains will be on the piece of paper. In international politics, that is the best way to achieve peace. The credible threat of use of force. Israel is certainly showing credible threat of use of force that needs to be escalated to the point where Hezbollah cries Uncle. That's the only way you get to an off-ramp here. Anybody else gotten any ideas? You know ones that work and aren't just a bunch of crap that you spew in front of cameras and fellow diplomats. Thus, we call, say these, these fools for an immediate 21 day ceasefire across the Lebanon Israel border to provide space for diplomacy toward the conclusion of a diplomatic settlement consistent with UN Security Council resolution 1701 and the implementation of UN Security Council resolution 27 35 regarding AC ceasefire and Gaza.


We call on all parties, including governments of Israel and Lebanon, to endorse the temporary ceasefire immediately consistent with UN Security Council resolution at 1701 during this period. And to give a real chance to a diplomatic settlements, they said the thing, give peace a chance that they said the thing, give a real, there was a chance for a diplomatic settlement right now without the fire stopping. In fact, the, the rockets from Israelis falling on the heads of hez bah commanders, it seems like now is an excellent time for them to make a diplomatic settlement right now to prevent the next bomb from falling on Tatia in Beirut. Then this, this joint coalition of, of complete befuddled toolbag say we are then prepared to fully support all diplomatic efforts to conclude an agreement between Lebanon and Israel within this period, building on efforts over the last month that ends this crisis altogether, what efforts over the last month have been successful?


Name them, any of them. All this is, is an attempt to buy time by the Biden administration to get past the election. That's all. And they don't care whether the war comes to an end. They don't care whether American allies are forced to evacuate an entire swaths of their borders of terrorist groups. They don't care about that. All Biden wants is to get through the election because he's a sad sack. 'cause he's pathetic. And the Europeans, the Europeans are always just the Europeans already.


Folks, in just one second, we'll get to the wise words of Representative Stacey Ske, who explains what the FBI and CIA are really for a little scary. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. The stage is set. The stakes are sky high. Senator Vance, governor Waltz, face off, but who will land the knockout punch. Don't watch the debate alone. Experience it it with the most trusted names in conservative media. Daily Wire back stage brings you unfiltered commentary, biting wit, and expert analysis you won't get anywhere else. Join Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Claven, and Jeremy Boring for a debate night you'll never forget. Daily Wire Backstage Tuesday, October 1st, eight 30 Eastern, seven 30 central. Only on Daily Wire plus


In. a world where traditional values are under siege. It's crucial to stay sharp mentally and physically. Enter responsible man, a Daily, Wire, Ventures company that understands what it means to be a pillar of strength. In. these challenging times they've created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the faint of heart, but for men who shoulder their responsibilities with pride. The Emerson Multivitamin contains 33 key ingredients that work in harmony to fortify your immune system, sharpen your mental acuity, and maintain the strength of your heart and muscles. It's not just a vitamin, it's fuel for the culture battle that we face every day. And here's something to make you stand just a little taller. Every Emerson multivitamin is proudly made in the US of a no compromises, no shortcuts, just pure American craftsmanship. Take advantage of responsible Man's fall sale. Visit Responsible Man dot com and use code Daily Wire to get 30% off plus an additional $9 off your first order. But. hurry, because this deal won't last long. Start your journey to better health and a stronger America with responsible man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com code Daily Wire for 30% off, plus an additional $9 off your first order. Responsible Man, because true strength comes from within.


It's more on this in just one moment.


First, do you know what's incredibly dumb? Well, obviously this verdict against Trump in New York City is incredibly dumb. But you know what else is incredibly dumb? Not having life insurance. A lot of life is unpredictable, but a good life insurance plan gives your family a financial safety net to protect against some of those unknowns. Policy genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid those unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius technology makes comparing life insurance quotes from America's top insurers. Really easy. You can do it in just a few clicks. You already have a life insurance policy through work, but that might not offer enough protection for your family needs, and it might not follow you if you leave your job. So you need a backup plan. PolicyGenius has licensed agents who can help you find the best fit for your needs when they make it this easy. There's not an excuse not to do it. When PolicyGenius works for you, not those insurance companies, they're not incentivized to recommend one insurer over another. You can trust them. Get peace of mind by finding the right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click that link in the description. Get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.