
Folks, we're gonna get to all the news in just one moment and plenty of news There is. First I'm tell you that today I'm testifying in front of the House Judiciary Committee. I'm testifying on the question of just why it is that Legacy media continues to gain advertising market share, despite the fact that their trust ratings are absolutely abysmal. Right now, less than one third of Americans actually trust the media, but the advertising dollars keep flowing in. So why is that happening? The answer is a soft form of intimidation and collusion between the government, democratic legislatures, members of the Executive branch who are left wing, who put pressure on social media companies, and the social media companies decide that they're going to outsource all of their censorship to a group called the Global Alliance for Responsible Media, which sets all sorts of fake standards for what is acceptable brand safety material, and then advertisers, literally 90% of all advertising dollars in the United States run through GMs.


I'm gonna be testifying in front of Congress about all of that. It's a really important issue. I hope that you will check that out because it's gonna make a big difference to the future of freedom of speech in the United States and to the viability of alternative media in general. Okay, now, so the big question here is, will Joe Biden stay or will he go? and it appears Joe Biden will stay, and this is a disaster area for the Democrats. Now, the reason he's going to stay there are really two reasons. One, he himself refuses to go. He has wedged himself in the door, like Winnie the Pooh, unable to get out of his home because he's too fat. He's wedged in there and nothing can dislodge him, nothing.


He himself has said only God can dislodge him. Well, God's doing his best, but as long as Biden still has breath left in him, he will presumably stay. He's saying he's not going to go. But there's another problem for Democrats, and that is that if you look at the polling data, Joe Biden is still doing better than many of the other Democrats who would prospectively replace him, which means that some Democrats are swiveling behind him. So for example, brand new Emerson at college, polling hypothetical general election matchups, it shows Donald Trump beating Joe Biden 46 to 43. But it also shows Donald Trump beating Kamala Harris, the prospective replacement 49 to 43, meaning that Biden does three points better against Trump than Kamala Harris would. It shows him beating Bernie Sanders by six, Al Gore by five, Hillary Clinton by seven, Gavin Newsom by eight, Pete Buttigieg by 10.


In other words, Joe Biden may still be the Democrat's best bet. Now, the problem is that bet sucks. It is a bad bet, folks, Nate Silver has a rundown on this in which he points out that clearly at this point, Donald Trump is ahead. He's about 3.1 percentage points ahead in the polls right now. If you look at the margins in the swing states, Donald Trump, right now, according to the polling that Nate Silver has accumulated here, Donald Trump is currently leading in Pennsylvania by three. He's leading in Wisconsin by two. He's leading in Georgia by five to six points.


He's leading in Michigan by one in North Carolina by six in Arizona by seven in Nevada, by six, in Florida, by nine in Texas by 10. So those are not good numbers and is not just Nate Silver who is pointing all of this out. The real clear politics polling average shows Donald Trump with a lead of five and a half points in Pennsylvania, above two in Wisconsin, about one in Michigan, five in Arizona, four in Georgia, five in Nevada, six in North Carolina. The poly market odds currently have Donald Trump as a 63% favorite over Joe Biden at 19% with Kamala Harris clocking in at 10%.


Absolutely brutal numbers. And again, it's not just real clear politics or 5 38 Cook political report, which non-partisan political analysis. They have insider information from internal polling from Democrats showing Joe Biden down in Pennsylvania by 10 points. There was a poll that came out yesterday that shows Joe Biden in Wisconsin down by five pos. So Cook political is now Rerating, six different states. They're moving all of them in the direction of Republicans. Arizona has moved from toss up to Lean, r Georgia has moved from tossup to Lean. R Minnesota has moved from likely Democrats to lean Democrats. New Hampshire has moved from likely Democrats to lean Democrat, and Nevada has moved from a tossup to a Lean R.


In other words, all momentum currently is with Donald Trump. And as you may notice, that is because Donald Trump is not visible on the scene. Where is he? Where has he gone? He has gone missing. So it turns out that the thesis that some of us have been propounding since about 2017, which is that if Donald Trump just went missing in the public eye, people would look at Democrats and then he would win. Turns out that's true. So he can only hope that President Trump continues to golf and enjoy his life as he gains in the polling data. Well, Trump should continue to golf and enjoy his life, and he'll probably be president again.


But how can you enjoy life? If the big tech companies are now masquerading as privacy companies and coming after your data? They say to fix your privacy settings, turn off your app tracking, you'll be all set. But here's the thing, big tech feeds on your information. So sure, maybe they'll release a feature that does some good, but collecting and selling off your data, that's what they do. That's how they make their money. They can't stop themselves from looking at what you do online. To protect myself against big text prying eyes, I use expressive VPN. When I use the ExpressU Can App on my computer or phone, I'm hiding my unique IP address websites, can't use that address to find my actual location or track what I do online on top of that Express VPN Encrypts and Reroutes 100% of my online activity. So no internet provider, wifi admin or hacker can see it. The best part though, is how easy it is to use. It just takes one click to protect all my devices. One Express VPN subscription covers up to five devices at the same time, so it can protect your entire family as well. That's why Express VPN is rated number one by CNET Wire TechRadar and countless others. Get the VPNI trust to protect my online privacy. Go check them out right now. ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. You can get an extra three months free on one year package. That's X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ben ExpressVPN dot com slash bens Learn more.


Meanwhile, Dave Wasserman also at Cook Political Report, one of the best election analysts in the business. He says, quote, the notion that the presidential is a tossup was a stretch even before the debate. Today, Trump is a clear advantage over Biden in a much more plausible path to 270 electoral votes. All of this is underscored by the fact that, of course, Joe Biden is in ailing health. Now, he was already losing to Donald Trump before the debate. That's the reason why Joe Biden tried to do the debate, because he felt that he was losing momentum. And if that continued, he was gonna lose the elections. He tried to reverse that with the debate, and he completely fell on his face. It was a full scale disaster area. The problem for Joe Biden is no matter how much he tries to talk himself through this race, tries to convince everyone that he is healthy, youthful, full of vim and vigor and ready for love.


It turns out he is not. So, last night he spoke at the opening of a major NATO conference in Washington DC, and once again, he just got lost on the stage. It wasn't a particularly good look, but it also wasn't particularly shocking. And here's the thing, from here on in, there will only be more of this from here until the end of the presidential election, there's just going to be a lot of footage of Joe Biden getting worse, because it turns out that dementia doesn't get better.


It just goes in one direction. This is all downhill for him, and we all know what we are seeing. So yesterday, there's a doctor named Tom Pitts, who's a specialist on Parkinson's and NBC News, shockingly had him on to discuss the health condition of Joe Biden. The anchors were trying to convince him that Joe Biden isn't actually suffering from say Parkinson's. He says that based on his visual diagnostic of Joe Biden, he said it would be almost impossible to miss the fact that Joe Biden is suffering from some stage of Parkinson's. It's very hard to diagnose Parkinson's, isn't it? It's it's not, it's not simple. I mean, I, I've heard that it can be, It's one of the, one of the easier movement disorders to diagnose, actually.


Right? But, but it's so clinic, there's, there's very little other, and I'm a, you know, I'm a Democrat. I always say, talk about this. Yeah, right? It's just like this guy is not a hard case. But I've had, I've had relatives who have gone through issues, neurological issues, and, and I've heard that sometimes Parkinson's is not very easy to nail it. It, you have to take a lot of tests. There's lot, I mean, It's early on. If you're just presented with like hallucinations, that could be a variety of things, or just the cognitive problems that could be Alzheimer's versus Parkinsonism, and that becomes a little nebulous. But once you start manifesting the Hallmark motor symptoms, right? Slow movement rigidity, mass faces, hypophonia. I mean, if a med student did not pick Parkinson's on the test, they'd be remediated.


Welp, I love the anchor for NBC news trying to out doctor, the doctor there. It didn't go amazing. Well, Democrats have been trying to fight to get him off the ticket, but none of them are willing to have the courage, the major Democrats to just say they don't want him on the ticket. They won't say it publicly. And so the movement to oust him has never gained the kind of steam necessary to actually push him out. And part of that again, is because in order to really oust him, you either have to free up the electors at the convention, which is something probably not gonna happen, or you'd have to 25th Amendment him. And Kamala Harris is not willing to undertake that burden. It also happens to be the case. There are a bunch of members of the Biden cabinet who want to run for president. If Biden were to be 25th Amendment did, Kamala Harris would then become the president and say, Pete Buttigieg would not have a shot at the presidency anymore.


So none of the incentive structures work there either. All of which is why the effort to get rid of Joe Biden at the top of the ticket has now pretty much stalled out. According to the Wall Street Journal, an effort by some Democrats to seek an alternative to President Biden as the party's nominee face new uncertainty. Tuesday with frustrated lawmakers struggling to find a path forward after the President said he was dead set against Stepping aside. The situation remained in flux after house and Senate. Democrats held conference meetings for the first time since Biden flopped at June's presidential debate. Lawmakers aired their frustrations with their predicament, but a concerted push to install a new nominee didn't emerge. Even as the seventh house Democrat publicly called for Biden to make way for a new candidate Senate majority leader, Chuck Schumer said over and over and over, he said, like I said before, I'm with Joe.


Now, here's the thing. They're all gonna say they're with Joe until they're no longer with Joe. Meaning if Biden decides to step down, then they'll cheer him and say, what a wonderful man he is and how, but there's no indicator at this point that Biden is going to step down. In fact, he apparently is threatening Democrats openly now that if they don't back him, he will now engage in a full scale meltdown of the Democratic Party. That's how selfish Joe Biden is. So remember Democrats, you broke it. You bought it. According to SE Ford, this is Ben Smith's publication. President Biden hasn't made much progress convincing Democrats. He's still equipped to take on Donald Trump since the debate, but he's made headway on another front, making clear he will take the entire party down with him if they don't stop trying to replace him.


Woo. So remember, that is a man who has said that Donald Trump is an existential threat to the republic, that if Donald Trump is elected the country ends, but he's too selfish to actually get out of the way to make room for maybe another candidate who would be more successful in taking on Donald Trump and who isn't getting skunked by him in the polls just a few months in advance of the election. The message coming from the White House is clear, says SE four Biden isn't going anywhere. If you come after him, you'll be the one who gets blamed for undermining the party's general election chances. So full scale threats to melt down the Democratic Party if they get in his way. And meanwhile, Biden's team continues to lie on his behalf.


According to the Wall Street Journal, senior White House advisors for more than a year have aggressively stage managed President Biden's schedule movements and personal interactions. The White House has limited by Biden's daily itinerary and shielded him from impromptu exchanges. Advisors have restricted news conferences and media appearances twice declining Super Bowl halftime interviews an easy way to reach millions of voters and sought to make sure meetings with donors stuck to scripted at pleasantries, senior aides dismissed travel suggestions over worries. The President did not have the stamina for them, including an idea for Biden to make weekly CrossCountry trips in 2022 says, had the benefits of his infrastructure law, not just that. It turns out that there are a bunch of new reports about how for years everyone has known that he is no longer with us, that he is no longer sentient.


German officials aware of Biden's fatigue at night sought to accommodate the President by planning a June, 2022 event with German Chancellor Olaf Scholtz in the early evening, the informal event, a soiree at the Alpine Resorts Schloss Elmo during the group of seven Summit. This is in 2022. Remember, this is two years ago. It's gotten worse since then. Was arranged as a confidential meeting on Ukrainian in a relaxed setting. Biden did not show surprising the Chancellor and his AIDS officials said instead, secretary of State, Anthony Blinken arrived and announced that Biden had to go to bed according to two people who were there had to go to bed. Wow. During working hours at that summit, the people who were presidents had Biden showed no signs of cognitive decline. But they said he appeared to be physically worn out. As the days passed US AIDS told officials at the summit, it was due to the lack of air conditioning, eh?


Sure lack of air conditioning, okay? But in the end, the thing that's happening right now is the Democrats are going through the five stages of grief. And honestly, as a conservative who's been pointing out Biden's cognitive decline for years, aside from the fact that he's an awful and terrible president, the Democrats deserve every bit of what they're now receiving. Remember, these are the same people who have yelled at Republicans for years about the fact that Donald Trump is their nominee. How dare Republicans stick with Donald Trump? Don't they have the courage of their convictions to get rid of? Ah, shouldn't they just Ah. And then they're running an actual senile person for president of the United States. No one in the Democratic Party believes that four years from now, Joe Biden will be president.


No one, even if he's reelected, no one believes he will be. Kamala Harris will be. Everyone knows this. Just another reason, by the way, why he should go to Daily Wire Plus and subscribes that he can see the full series that he put together about Kamala Harris Scamala, Kamala Harris Unmasked. Go check that out. If you wanna know what you should about the possible future president of the United States, nobody believes that Joe Biden is gonna be president in four years. Kamala Harris is gonna be president in four years. It turns out that nominating Joe Biden was a mistake.


But here's a mistake you can't afford to make. God forbid there's somebody in your house and you go and you get your gun and you shoot them, and it turns out that it's somebody that you know because it was just a mistake. But here is the thing. Maybe what you actually need for home defense is something that will actually allow you to defend yourself without using lethal force. Again, I'm about as pro Second Amendment as it gets, and God forbid I have to use it. I will got four pistols. I've got an AR and a shotgun, but I also have a burna. And the reason I have a Byrna is because mistakes can be deadly, God forbid. And if you have another option, why not use that other option? Introducing the Byrna Un Gunn, the non-lethal Self-Defense platform. Lightweight and simple to use. It uses an easy to load. Five round magazine is powered by an eight gram CO2 cartridge. Byrna launchers fire, a 68 caliber chemical filled projectile using a patented pull pierce technology where the CO2 canisters is only punctured on your first trigger pull, meaning your launcher is always at the ready. It's capable of incapacitating an attacker for over 30 minutes. It's accurate and effective at over 60 feet. Doesn't require permits, background checks. It's interstate travel friendly. With burna, you will be prepared to defend. For me, the Byrna is a safer, more sensible alternative that could potentially save lives on both sides, protecting both the user and the aggressor. Check them out at berna.com/ben for 10% off your purchase. That's BYR na.com/ben. Check out the latest news about Byrna. That's B yr na.com/ben.


In any case, the five stages of grief are now being played out in real time. And the SCH and Freud is absolutely delicious. So stage one is denial. And this is coming largely from the Biden team. So yesterday, Karine Jean-Pierre, the White House Press secretary, she tried to deny, once again allegations about his health. So Kevin McCarthy just said that when he was the speaker, many times when we had meetings in the Oval Office, Jill was there as well. When the first lady's in these meetings, is she making decisions or is she just advising the president? No, The president is the president of the United States. He makes decisions. Okay, So then why is she there?


Why is she there? My wife does not come to my place of work and help me make decisions. That's not a thing that happens. I don't know many people for whom that is the case. That press conference also went haywire when Peter Ducey then asked, you know, there are reports that say that like 8:00 PM he has to sign off for the night. What happens if someone fires a nuke at 11:00 PM and Karine Jean Pere literally takes her binder and just walks off the stage because she's tired of hearing about how the president she represents is senile by the way. He lacks brain function. And he would still be a better press secretary than she is. Meanwhile, John Kirby, the alternative press secretary, who is somewhat competent, he's still trying to whistle past the literal graveyard In this case. He's, no, no, no, no. He's doing just fine. Everything is fine.


CNN's Kate Baldwin asked him, you know, about the 8:00 PM cutoff. And John Kirby's like, no, no, no. It'll be, it's all fine guys. It's all fine. He's the president of the United States Commander in Chief. And that's a 24 hour job, seven days a week. And my, from my experience here, and I've seen it firsthand on the road and here in Washington DC if the National Security Team needs to get to the President, they get to the President. and it doesn't matter what the hour on the clock says, he's always there, he's always available, and they have ready access to him. No, he, and he also knows that the world doesn't take a breather after a certain time of day, that things to keep going on. Just like we saw this weekend in Ukraine.


And he's constantly peppering the team with questions again around the clock. That's, that's the commander in chief that I've seen. And more critically, Kate as the commander in chief. He knows he has to be. And he has been here for the last three and a half years Behind the scenes. So we're back to full scale denial. Behind the scenes, he's doing handsprings and speaking the poetry of Homer backwards in the original Greek like that, that, that's just again, the denial. It ain't just a river in Egypt. It runs directly through the center of Washington dc. Janet Yellen, the Treasury Secretary, she says the same, she says in meetings, he's so effective. She also admits she hasn't done a meeting with him in months, but sure, Madam Secretary, when was the last time you met with President Biden in person?


I'm not going. I meet with President Biden over a wide range of issues, the economy. When was the last time you met with him in person? I'm, I'm not going to comment on my meetings with the president. Those are, those are private. Well, as a cabinet secretary, have you noticed any mental or cognitive decline in any of these meetings? The president is extremely effective in the meetings that I've been in with him. Well, I, I definitely like hearing about the effectiveness of the president in meetings from a person who has presided over 40 year highs in inflation and also is a refugee from the Shire.


That's exciting stuff. Okay, so that's stage one. Stage one is full scale denial. Stage two of grief is anger and the anger is still manifest. All these things are sort of, because the timeline is so short here, things are playing out really, really quickly. So stage two was anger. And this is what you see from the media, because again, the media have to, they, they actually are angry. Now, for a while I thought they were just pretending to be angry, but I think they actually are angry. They're not angry that Biden is senile, and they're not angry that they were being shielded from Biden's senility. They're angry that Joe Biden pantsed them. That Joe Biden gave them a public wedge. That's what they're angry about. They're angry because they knew Biden was senile. And they covered that up for years on end. And what they figured is Biden's campaign won't be stupid enough to, you know, like pants us. And then he did, he walked up right behind them and he pants them and now everything's hanging out and it don't look great.


And they're pissed about it. So the New York Times editorial board has put out yet another editorial calling for Joe Biden to step away quote. Since his feeble debate performance, multiple polls have shown that both Mr. Biden's approval rating and his chance of beating Mr. Trump have markedly dropped from their already shaky levels. In response, he has adopted a favorite theme of the floundering politician, insisting the polls are wrong in showing that his presidency is historically unpopular. Even if the polls were off by historic amounts, they would still show overwhelming skepticism about his fitness. He has denied that age is diminishing his abilities, not even bringing up the subject. In a lengthy letter to congressional Democrats, it's not enough to blame the press, the donors, the pundits, or other elite groups were trying to push him out as he did in the letter. In fact, he used his own words.


The voters and the voters alone decide the nominee of the Democratic party. But democratic leaders shouldn't rely solely on the judgment of the few voters who turned out in this year's coronation primaries. They shouldn't listen to the much larger group of voters who've been telling every pollster in America their concerns for a very long time, president Biden clearly understands the stakes, but he seems to have lost track of his own role in this national drama. He does not seem to understand. He's now the problem. And the best hope for Democrats to retain the White House is for him to step aside. That's the New York Times editorial board calling for the presidents of the United States to resign his office. And the anger is absolutely palpable. Nick Christophe another one of the radical left columnists for the New York Times. He was out there saying, Joe Biden should drop out.


We need somebody who's coherent in the evenings. Biden is right that this is an existential race, that there's an enormous amount at stake. And precisely because he's right about that, I think it's incredibly important that we have a candidate who can win in November. And you know, he was already doing poorly in the polls before the race. I like him, I admire him. But I think that we can find a candidate who can do better in that absolutely critical race. Meanwhile, the fury and the rage were palpable from John Stewart. So the media, they're really angry about Joe Biden's candidacy, but they don't have like a realistic alternative.


You know what else is not realistic Work life balance when you're working through lunches or staying late to catch up, free up the time consumed by tedious mailing and shipping tasks with stamps.com instead. stamps.com streamlines your postage needs, making your business more efficient and putting more life into your work life balance. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with stamps.com mobile app. All you need is a computer and a printer even send you a free scale. Easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard automatically. See your cheapest and fastest shipping options from different carriers. Put more life into that work-life balance with stamps.com. We've been using it here at DailyWire for years. Sign up at stamps.com/shapiro for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and free digital scale. No long-term commitments, no contracts. Just go to stamps.com/shapiro. Again, that is stamps.com/shapiro. Go check them out right now. It's gonna save you time, it's gonna save you money. And that in fact is going to make your life a lot better. stamps.com/shapiro stamps.com/shapiro. Again, that's stamps.com/shapiro. That's the best way to handle all your mailing and shipping needs.


So John Stewart, right after the debate basically lost his mind. Well, yesterday John Stewart went off on Joe Biden and his senility for almost 20 minutes. I mean, just lost it on the dude. And he kept saying like, listen Joe, we can all see it and it ain't getting better. Here is John Stewart sounding like me on Joe Biden For a campaign based on honesty and decency. The spin about the debate appears to be blatant bull authoritarianism and Donald Trump aren't the only threats our democracy faces and our threat status quo. Unable or unwilling to respond in any way to the concerns of voters who just received new and urgent information about their candidate.


Also erodes confidence and faith in the system of government. CNN's Abby Phillips doing co comedying with Stephen Colbert. She basically said the same thing. She said, people are still screaming about Joe Biden's debate performance. Again, the media are fighting mad, right? This is stage two. This is an anger in the processing of Joe Biden and his political demise here. Here's Abby Phillips from CNN. Again, it, it is amazing to me that you get anchors from CNN who are on late night tv, but there you are. What do your sources tell you about the low level mutiny among Democrats on Capitol Hill? Did this, did this help? I, I think that it helped for some people who wanted it to help, but for many more people there is, it's like the silent scream on the inside.


I think people are still really nervous from what I'm hearing. People are still freaking out. People are still freaking out about both Biden staying on the ticket and what could happen if he doesn't, because that alternative is for some people, just as scary as the prospects of Biden staying on the ticket. We have now gone from denial to anger to stage three bargaining and bargaining. You're largely seeing from sort of the speculators, you're, you're seeing this from celebrities. People don't know much about politics 'cause there ain't no bargain here either dumping him or you're not. And if you dump him, it's bad. And if you don't dump him, it's also bad. But you're starting to see people you know out there. No, it'll be fine. It'll probably be fine.


Stephen Colbert positing that perhaps Kamala will clock in as the night president. Perhaps there'll be some sort of compromise presidency happening here To keep his energy up. Biden told the group that he now plans to stop scheduling events after 8:00 PM 8:00 PM So the state dinners are all gonna be early bird specials also. Which 8:00 PM sir? East Coast, west Coast, Moscow. The world does not stop at 8:00 PM Is Kamala Harris gonna have to clock in as night president. Oh, the bargaining. Katherine Hahn who'll remember from Disney plus she is also bargaining. She says, you know what? Fine, if it's Joe Biden, fine, fine. May, it'll maybe it'll still be okay because I'll vote for anybody over Donald Trump.


Anybody, Here's the thing, I would vote for a skeleton over Donald Trump. In fact, I may literally be voting for a skeleton over Donald Trump. It'll be okay. Right? Katherine han me. Okay. But we are still a couple of stages away from the end of the grief process. So Democrats are also depressed and they should be depressed because this guy is in bad shape. And even if he were to win, he would then probably die or be declared incompetent. So representative Steve Cohen, he was asked, coming out of a democratic meeting, are you guys on the same page now? As like everything puts it back together.


You know, Humpty Dumpty, they put him back together and all the rest of it. And Steve Kahn's like, we're not even on the same page. Are you kidding? We're not even in the same book, man. We're on the same page. No. What do you mean you're not on the same page. You're not even in the same book. Was there anything before President Biden was the outcome of that meeting? Jake Sherman from Punchbowl News reports quote, the House Democratic Caucus meeting about President Joe Biden's. Political standing is emptying out one house Democrats support of Biden told me it felt like a funeral. There's no consensus on Biden. Lots of talk about how difficult the situation is for Dems. Representative Johanna Hayes of Connecticut said, putting Harris to top the ticket would be setting her up for failure. Representative Mark Ano of California said he saw a poll recently that had Biden losing in his district.


Biden won his district with 62% last time, so owe the depression, the richly earned depression. US Senators John Tester, according to CNN, Michael Bennett and she Brown, said, Biden cannot win during a Senate lunch. Today, you'll notice that all three of those people are from swing states. Tester, of course is from Montana. Bennett is from Colorado. She brown is from Ohio, and two of them are running in very, very competitive Senate races. John Federman was asked about the situation and the fact that honestly like points to John Federman for, for being the most honest person in the Senate because he's hilarious. But the senator from Pennsylvania was asked, you know, what about the fact that Joe Biden is currently losing to Donald Trump?


How can he turn these polls around? And Federman said, quote, maybe we can encourage President Biden to bang a porn star. I mean, you could try it. Don't think that prostate's working if all other physical evidence which is available seems to be telling us the truth. John Fetterman has been a surprisingly interesting hire.


But you don't wanna be surprised by your hires. You actually just wanna hire good people in the first place. Let's be real. If I had a ZipRecruiter account for Washington DC, Kamala Harris would not be in a job right now. Whether you're looking to hire somebody who actually understands basic economics or just needs staff that won't spend all day tweeting about their latest woke crusade, ZipRecruiter can help you right now. You can Try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast. It doesn't just cast a wide net and hope for the best ZipRecruiter. Cutting edge technology actively seeks candidates with the skills and experience you need for your job. Once you've reviewed your list of qualified candidates, you can then invite your top choices to apply the streamlined process encourages them to apply sooner, allowing you to fill that role faster. Lots of seasonal businesses are hiring right now. So gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. CY four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter Get, a quality candidate within the very first day. Just head on over to this exclusive web address right now and Try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Again, that ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Meanwhile, Biden Rebels, they're seeing their revolt crumbling according to Axios. Just before house Democrats Tuesday morning, come to Jesus meeting on President Biden's path forward. A smaller group of swing district Democrats held what sources described as his despondent gathering with actual tears. People were actually crying. It's a funeral over there. One shellshocked lawmaker who's p at the meeting would offer only one word to characterize it intense. Another to describe the mood as pretty much unanimous that Biden has gotta step down, adding. There were actual tears from people and not for Biden. One house Democrat who is in the meeting said quote, most of our caucus is still with him, meaning he'll stay in, which sucks for our country. So this is the depression stage that we are now currently in for the Democrats.


And then finally we arrive at acceptance and House Democrats are indeed moving toward acceptance. They realize that he's an immovable object, mainly because his body is no longer movable. And Democrats seem to be coming together over the idea that may, that they have no choice. They just have to accept the reality. Before a meeting of Senate Democrats, according to the Washington Post, Senator Chris Coons of Delaware Co-chair Biden's campaign said the President had heard the message from lawmakers that he needed to get out and do more events and interviews. But that ain't it, Bob. That ain't gonna be the answer. More press for Joe Biden is the worst idea. 'cause it ain't getting any better here In many ways, according to the Washington Post, things stayed somewhat steady in terms of Biden's F on Capitol Hill where representative Mikey Cheryl, who represents a competitive New Jersey district, became the 10th house sitting member to publicly or privately call on Biden to a abandon his reelect campaign.


Cheryl said, quote, I know President Biden and his team have been true public servants and have put the country in best interest of democracy first and foremost, because I know Biden cares deeply about the future of our country. I'm asking he to declare he will not run for reelection. However, Few Democrats are actually coming out and saying that Biden has to go. Senator Richard Blumenthal acknowledged some Democrats do not currently support Biden remaining a top the ticket. But he said the Democratic candidate is Joe Biden and he has my support. Now again, notice the language there not Joe Biden has my support and therefore he's the Democratic candidate. He's the Democratic candidate, which is just a statement of facts. He is the Democratic candidate. He has my support because he's the Democratic candidate. But all these people are hoping for is some sort of act of God.


I mean, obviously nobody's hoping for something terrible to happen to Biden in terms of help, but they're hoping for something that removes Biden from the race, a magical raping that will take him out of this situation and remove him to, to somewhere on a beach in Rehoboth. Right? That is what they're hoping for, but it ain't gonna happen. And so now they're moving toward full scale acceptance of Joe Biden. And that means accepting that they're likely to lose the election. James Clyburn, Democrat, South Carolina, whose intervention probably made Biden the nominee, came outta that meeting today and said, we're riding with Biden. Okay? Like Thelman Louise right off that cliff. Meanwhile, representative Pramila Jaipal of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, she said, I'm fully behind him as our nominee until he's not our nominee.


Well then there you have it. I'm, that's a great quote. I'm fully behind him as our nominee until he's not our nominee. Okay, well, you know, and, and I'm, I'm fully behind the sun rising in the morning since the sun is rising in the morning. Meanwhile, Bob Casey, senator from Pennsylvania, who again is running in a competitive Senate race, he says, you know, Joe Biden's fine. He's fine. And then when asked how fine he is, he's like, like, I'm not gonna comment on that. Here we go. Do you support keeping Biden at the top of the ticket? Oh, I've said so numerous times. You heard my remarks over a week ago in Scranton. You don't think it's, you don't have any concerns about his ability to serve four more years?


No. When you saw him in the debate stage And, and man, what My job is not to be a, you know, a commentator or an analyst. I'm, I've got a job to do with the United States senator. No, no, you don't. I mean, come on. My job isn't to be a commentator these people. I I will, I will say that I was in the halls of Congress yesterday, and it is amusing for the first time in my lifetime to watch the media try to track down Democrats to comment on a situation. Usually members of the media are just trying to track down Republicans to find out what they're gonna say about the latest, nutty thing that some other Republican said. Now Democrats are scurrying through the hallways attempting to avoid the press, and it's pretty amusing. Jerry Nadler, Democrat from New York, this is pretty great.


He had earlier this week said that Joe Biden should go. Then Joe Biden was like, I will stay and none can make me leave. I'm not gonna go ahead and, and man, you wanna fight me off what you're using. He said, these moon shoe, I'll hit you with the, with the moon shoes. I, Jim And Jerry. There's like, well, okay then I suppose I, okay, all right. Here's jury. Now that completely reversing himself, Just to be clear sir, you do not want the President to Drop out. I do not, sir. Is your support for the president a pragmatic consideration given this president said he will Remain in? Well, Yeah, He Said he gonna remain in.


He's our candidate support. Hope That kind of leaves you with no choice that night. Take it. I'm talking about William. Well, yes, as the president said something like 90% of Democrats voted him in the primaries. He won the nomination. And that's gonna matter. I love that. So you are go. So you accept that he's that he's gonna be the guy because you have to, right? Yes. And and that's because you have to, right? Yes. Well, acceptance man. It's a, it's a hard road. It's a hard road. Honestly, at this point, I think the only people in the Democratic Party who are truly excited about Joe Biden's nomination are the immediate Biden family as we'll get to in a moment.


And the far left of the Democratic Party, I think one of the reasons the far left is excited is because number one, he has governed very far to the left. But number two, if he fails and falls down on the job and Donald Trump wins, guess which wing of the party is ascendant? Joe Biden is widely perceived inside the Democratic party to be a moderate. But that is not actually what he is. If he fails against Donald Trump, the he apparent will be wait for it. Bernie Sanders and a OC here. Right on cue was Alexander Ocasio-Cortez, the Irrepressibly stupid congresswoman from New York saying he's in the race and I support him. Has spoken to the president over the weekend.


I have spoken with him extensively. He made clear then and he has made clear since that he is in this race. The matter is closed. He had reiterated that this morning. He has reiterated that to the public. Joe Biden is our nominee. He is not leaving this race. He is in this race and I support him. Okay? Again, that's an admirable position for her to be in because if Biden fails, guess who comes next. And meanwhile, Kamala Harris is warming up in the back room. Folks do not put Kamala Harris in the same room as Joe Biden when they're eating at the same time without a food taster. But if you wanna know more about Kamala Harris, who actually is kinda the most important person in the country, no one's talking about, everybody's talking about Biden.


The reality is Biden gets reelected. Kamala's finishing his term. There's still like a 40% chance that something happens between now and the election. And Harris replaces him on the ticket or as president. If you wanna know everything you need to know about Kamala Harris, you need to check out Scamala Kamala, Harris Unmasked. It has landed. The impact is undeniable. The response has been overwhelming. People can finally see the unvarnished truth about Kamala Harris for the first time. It is eye-opening. Meanwhile, the left is in full damage control mode. Kamala's team is clearly rattled that frantically trying to counter the facts that we have laid out. Their carefully constructed narrative is crumbling and they know it. We've exposed truths about Harris's past that. The legacy media have largely ignored from her calculated rise in California. It's her disastrous vice presidency. We've been shining a light on all of it.


Every scandal, every gaff, every radical policy, it's all there meticulously documented. The series isn't just asking questions, it's providing answers that Kamala and her team would like For you not to hear this folks, is the political wake up call America needs stream all three parts of Scamala Kamala, Harris Unmasked right now absolutely free thanks to Tax Network USA exclusively at Daily. Wire Plus. Get the factsy, the evidence understand that truth threat Kamala Harris poses to our nation. Meanwhile, speaking of Kamala Harris, Kamala Harris is kicking off her campaign sprint under a new spotlight. According to the Washington Post on Tuesday afternoon, she offered a full throw to defense of President Biden as he continues to fight for his reelect bid quote. We always knew this election would be tough. The past few days have been a reminder.


Running for president is never easy. But the one thing we know about our president, Joe Biden, he's a fighter. He's the first to say, when you get knocked down, you get back up. The only problem, of course is that he has fallen down and he cannot get up Life alert. He needs the visiting Angels to help him out. Harris's campaign swing, she's visiting Dallas on Wednesday, Greensboro, North Carolina on Thursday comes as some Democrats are weighing the possibility that she would replace him on the trail. She of course, is going to remain quiet. She's going to attempt to avoid the idea that she's gonna be the nominee. But as the New York Times reports, she is now in the midst of the challenge of getting ready without getting ready. In these days of uncertainty at the White House Vice President Kamala Harris is sticking close to President Biden physically and politically determined not to let anyone say that she has been anything other than completely loyal.


But as a result, it means the person who may have to step up if he steps down, cannot be seen doing anything to prepare for the challenge of lifetime. With Mr. Biden's future on the line, perhaps no one is in a more delicate position than Ms. Harris. She's in an awkward position, said Reverend Dale Sharpton. But the job of vice President is awkward. Well, I mean, it makes it more awkward when it turns out that you're an awkward person. So Kamala Harris, I just have to read you a quote from Kamala Harris. 'cause here's the thing, Joe Biden with brain damage sounds like Kamala Harris normally. That's the part about Kamala Harris that's so astonishing. Kamala Harris's brain works like a normal person's brain if that person had been hit in the head with a mallet. So she was recently asked about Gaza and the situation in Gaza, and let me read you her quote, okay, because this is a wild quote quote.


Listen, I strongly believe our ability to evaluate a situation is connected to understanding the details of that situation. Not speaking of myself versus the President. Not at all from the beginning, I asked questions, okay, the trucks are taking flour into Gaza. But here's the thing, Joan, I like to cook. So I said to my team, you can't make bleep with flour if you don't have clean water. So what's going on with that? I ask questions like, what are people actually eating right now? I'm hearing stories about they're eating animal feed grass. So that's how I think about it. Similarly, I was asking early on, what are women in Gaza doing about sanitary hygiene? Do they have pads? These are the issues that made people feel uncomfortable, especially sanitary pads. What? So our questions about Gaza were, were people eating grass?


Is there water to mix with the flower and sanitary pads? Genius level stuff from the possible future president of the United States. Then she was asked about these protestors. Now there's some breaking news when it comes to these protestors on college campuses. It turns out, according to the director of National Intelligence, Avril Hayes, quote, the intelligence community recognizes the importance of informing the public of foreign efforts to influence our democratic processes. Our updates can be expected to cover a range of foreign malign activities. As I noted in testimony to Congress and may, Iran is becoming increasingly aggressive in their foreign influence efforts seeking to stoke discord and undermine confidence in our democratic institutions. In recent weeks, Iranian government actors have sought to opportunistically take advantage of ongoing protests regarding the war on Gaza using a playbook we've seen other actors use over the years.


We have observed actors tied to Iran's government posing his activists online, seeking to encourage protests even providing financial support to protestors. So in other words, Iran is behind large swaths of the protesting. But Kamala Harris, when asked about the protests of this quote, they're showing exactly what the human emotion should be as a response to Gaza. There are things some of the protestors are saying that I absolutely reject. So I don't mean to wholesale endorse their points, but we have to navigate it. I understand the emotion behind it, man. Is she a disaster area? Which again, is another reason why Democrats are divided on whether to get rid of Joe Biden. I'll tell you one person who doesn't wanna get rid of Joe Biden and who also happens to take Kamala Harris.


That person is Joe Biden. So Jill has been out there hitting the campaign trail and and having a bit of a spat with the media. So she came out of a building recently and the media asked her questions and she said, just let me talk. And then she wandered into a car. So here was the greatest doctor in all the land. Joe Biden. Dr. Biden, do you have any message to how Democrats are calling for your husband to drop out of the race? How are you feeling about this thing? Alright ladies. Alright, let's load up. I love that she says, why are you screaming at me? You know me. You don't have to scream at me.


We can talk. And then they're like, okay. So we have, and then she's like right into the car. Joe Biden, ladies and gentlemen, like, who is Joe? Biden as a human? I would refer you to a piece originally from t Beckett Adams over at the DC Examiner, because this is an amazing revelation. It is from a couple of years ago, quote, the Marine Corps band was instructed last fall to come up with an entrance theme for the First Lady. A source told the Washington Examiner, the ban now has in his repertoire an original composition titled Fanfare for the First Lady. The song the Source said is essentially Jill Biden's personal Hail to the Chief and that it is to be performed and repeated at official White House functions from her first appearance until she's ready to speak. When news that she had actually commissioned someone to write a theme for her broke, then the White House walked it back, but not before it was actually played at an event.


I present to you the audio of hail to the First Lady fanfare for the First Lady commissioned by Jill, Dr. Mick Biden over here. This is, you wanna know Why she wants Joe to be President? 'cause she's the President Here is here is her magical opening theme. Ladies and gentlemen. The first lady of the United States, Jill Biden, accompanied by the Secretary of Education, Miguel Cardona and the 2020 and 2021 National Teachers of the Year. Tabitha Ross Roy and Juliana Erbe.


Yeah, man, that sounds like the Afghan national band right there. Solid stuff there. I can't imagine why they shelved it. Meanwhile, Jill is out there on the campaign trail and frankly she's looking a lot more lively than her Daughtering husband. Her case in the end as always, Donald Trump is orange Hitler. So here she was yesterday saying that Donald Trump is evil. So let me ask you this. Does Donald Trump know anything about military? No. Do you? He disparages those who sacrifice for our country. His own chief of staff said he called POWs and those who died in war, losers and suckers evil.


He's evil. He said he didn't wanna be seen with injured veterans because it didn't look good for him. It's disgraceful. Oh, I hope you like her as president 'cause she's the actual president we should note at this point. So that is strategy number one is to trot out Jill Biden, Edith Wilson over here, lady Macbeth, to try and make the case for her. Now, mostly dead husband. The other thing Democrats are trying to do is trying to misdirect to project 2025. So yesterday, Joe Biden tweeted out, or rather his team tweeted out Google Project 2025. I mean, maybe that's how he thinks the Google machine works, that he goes to Twitter and he types that in.


And that amounts to like, like Joe. Biden might honestly just be in the bathroom shouting at the walls. Google Project 2025, Google it. Google, why isn't the Google machine? In any case, this is something Democrats wanna focus a lot on, which is weird since Donald Trump has already said that he doesn't like Project 2025. But this is the new Democratic talking point. New democratic talking point just dropped. So Jasmine Crockett representative, she came out and she says, project 2025 is so scary. We need to focus on that. Okay, now what? What exactly is Project 25 25? I'll tell you in a second, but here is Jasmine Crockett trying to misdirect away from, you know, the much larger story of the president being a corpse Biden has won Before when people thought that he couldn't win, if you'll remember, he wasn't the guy that was running ahead of everyone.


He can do this. If we focus on the real threat project 2025, Donald Trump and MAGA America, That's the real. So what exactly is Project 2025? So the Heritage Foundation calls their presidential transition project Project 2025. What is it? Well, they brought together 45 right of center organizations ready to get in the business of restoring the country through the combination of right policies and well-trained people. What they're focusing in on is Restaffing the executive branch of the federal government, which doesn't sound particularly scary because Democrats do it every time they take office, they fire everyone and then they're replace everyone who is not a Democrat. So the first pillar is a 900 page policy book called Mandate for Leadership.


I'm not even kidding. It's 922 pages and it's just spelling out what they think the program should be for each individual department of the government. The second is an online personnel database, which is effectively a conservative LinkedIn, and the third is the Presidential Administration Academy. So the basic idea is if you're gonna go into government, we will train you on how to do your job. Fourth and finally, there's the playbook, which takes the policy ideas expressed in mandate for leadership and transforms them into an implementation plan. So in other words, it's kinda like a whole of government plan. Now, they asked Trump about this. He's like, nah, I'm not interested, don't care, don't like not interested. And so I'm, I'm sorry. Do you think anyone's gonna wade through 922 pages of policy recommendations by the Heritage Foundation, which is not in fact the Trump campaign?


Donald Trump just single handedly emptied out the entire RNC platform. Forget about Project 2025. The RNC platform no longer contains any strong words about the Second Amendment or abortion, or same-sex marriage. You think Donald Trump is sitting there like an Abacus tabulating exactly how federal hiring is gonna go. Democrats can shout from the rooftops project 2025 as much as they want. It ain't gonna make one hell of a difference. Try to campaign on Project 2025. Really, in fact, even better. Why don't you have Joe Biden go out there and do a presser on it where he can explain everything about Project 2025? We'll see how that goes for him. Meanwhile, over at nato, the problems continue. We mentioned earlier that President Biden is at this NATO summit in Washington DC and it's not going amazing as you might suspect.


It turns out that everybody is rather disquieted about the fact that the president of the United States is no longer a sense human being. The New York Times is saying that US officials say Russia is unlikely to take much more Ukrainian territory. I feel like those are famous last words right there. According to US officials, Russia is unlikely to make significant territorial gains in Ukraine in the coming months as it's poorly trained forces struggle to break through Ukrainian defenses that are now reinforced with Western munitions. Now, I mean, we can all hope and pray that that's true because obviously Russia taking more of Ukraine would be quite bad. But again, whenever you see an article saying the enemy surely will not win, that's usually right before the enemy starts to win. We saw this in Afghanistan. We've seen this in Ukraine before.


Leaders at the summit are expected to promise new funding for Ukraine. Announced plans for the alliance to coordinate weapons delivery and strengthen a promise to Kiev that it will eventually become a full ally. But looming over the summit, our concerns about Russian acquisition of arms from Iran, North Korea and China. And of course the biggest wild card of all is the fact that the president of the United States is not capable of leadership. Which means that if you are Russia, you are going to move and you are going to move right now. Meanwhile, again, leaders of nato, former leaders of NATO are saying that Joe Biden's ability to lead is a massive problem. Former nato, deputy Secretary General Rose Gut, Mueller told CNBC.


I think the NATO summit in Washington is an important moment for Biden. He really has to show he's with it. He's ready to continue to lead. Not only the United States but nato. We'll see in coming days just how well the President does well I have a feeling that we know how the president is going to do, and in fact, we have the early indicators. The tape is in. It ain't going amazing. Alrighty, folks coming up, we'll jump into Joe Biden's economy, which as it turns out is still flailing. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.