
In, a world where traditional values are under siege. It's crucial to stay sharp mentally and physically. Enter responsible man, a Daily, Wire, Ventures company that understands what it means to be a pillar of strength. In. these challenging times they've created the Emerson multivitamin, not for the faint of heart, but for men who shoulder their responsibilities with pride. The Emerson Multivitamin contains 33 key ingredients that work in harmony to fortify your immune system, sharpen your mental acuity, and maintain the strength of your heart and muscles. It's not just a vitamin, it's fuel for the culture battle that we face every day. And here's something to make you stand just a little taller. Every Emerson multivitamin is proudly made in the US of a no compromises, no shortcuts, just pure American craftsmanship. Take advantage of responsible Man's fall sale. Visit Responsible Man dot com and use code Daily Wire to get 30% off plus an additional $9 off your first order. But. hurry, because this deal won't last long. Start your journey to better health and a stronger America with responsible man vitamins. That's Responsible Man dot com code Daily Wire for 30% off, plus an additional $9 off your first order. Responsible Man, because true strength comes from within.


New details about the second assassination attempt on Donald Trump in eight weeks are emerging. Obviously we have 48 days until the election. This election is absolutely crucial. You need the truth now more than ever, and this is where you get it for 47% off. At The Daily Wire, we deliver breaking news in the full story from conservative media's most trusted voices, the facts America needs and deserves. Join the fight right now. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for 47% off your new annual membership.


So I think before we get started here, I think that we got to set the frame. So when it comes to the reaction to the second attempted assassination on Donald Trump inside eight weeks, the reaction is sort of astonishing. The the left wing media, the legacy media, the Democrats, but I repeat myself because of course they're all one big Borg. They have decided that the real problem here is Donald Trump's rhetoric. So if somebody tried to assassinate Joe Biden or Kamala Harris, God forbid, the problem would be Donald Trump's rhetoric. And if somebody attempts to assassinate Donald Trump, the problem is also Donald Trump's rhetoric. And underlying all of this is a feeling that some on the left have actually sort of let slip, which is that it would be much better if Donald Trump just went away if something very, very bad happened to Donald Trump.


Now, many of the people on the left are not gonna say they, they want Donald Trump to get shot in the head or something as graphic as all that. There are a few who will sort of let that slip from time to time, but there's a feeling that Donald Trump is a uniquely dangerous figure, which is why you've seen every major democratic politician say precisely that they are always coming out and suggesting that Donald Trump is somehow a unique danger to the Republic. And for those who don't have an institutional memory of politics, because of course there was a politics before Donald Trump, Democrats used to say the same thing, believe it or not, about MIT Romney and John McCain and George W. Bush. They've said it more with regard to Donald Trump because Donald Trump is outta the box. And because Donald Trump defeated their chosen candidate Hillary Clinton in 2016.


However, there's always this feeling, there's almost an assassination mania among folks on the left when there is a right wing president. There's an entire movie that was made while George W. Bush was president of the United States called the assassination of George W. Bush. And it's basically a fantasy. So the question is why, and I think the answer has to do what? The way the right sees the left and the way the left sees the right in this country. So it's been talked about a lot, but by polling data, conservatives tend not to see people on the left as evil. They tend to see them as misguided. And people on the left tend to see people on the right as evil as actually morally deficient in some key respect.


But people on the left also have another viewpoint that makes it hard for them to sustain that. People on the left believe that human beings are inherently good, and that right wingers are evil, which is kind of conflicting. If you're on the right, you tend to believe, typically speaking, human beings are capable of both good and evil. And because human beings are capable of both good and evil, many people who are doing bad things are, are not doing so because they're innately evil. They're doing so because they've made bad decisions. Weirdly enough, a belief in the imperfect ability of mankind leads to a forgiveness oriented nature toward your fellow man. If you believe that human beings are not perfectable, if you believe that all human beings struggle with sin, that means you are actually significantly more likely to be forgiving with your neighbor because you struggle with the same problems.


You also have trouble making decisions. Sometimes you have a problem discerning between what's good and what's bad. However, for the left, the idea is that all human beings are created absolutely good, innocent and decent. And so they have a very difficult time understanding people who don't think like they do. Those people, there must be something defective about those people. So what do they think about leaders? Well, if you are a, if you're a conservative, you tend to think that leaders of left-wing movements have popular backing. And you don't find it all that hard to understand that, that that's generally true in a democracy. That people who disagree with you, they might be wrong, they might be misguided, the things they believe might be evil, but they have a popular movement behind them.


And thus, when it comes to know horrible things like assassination, removing a leader does not change the nature of the movement, and nobody actually believes on the right side of the aisle if God forbid something happened to Kamala Harris natural or otherwise, if if something, God forbid were to happen along those lines, nobody believes on the right that the movement that backs Kamala Harris would just dissipate and go away. Nobody actually believes that. But the reverse is not true. Many people on the left believe that Donald Trump as a quote unquote right wing leader, because people are naturally good, and because Donald Trump is a moral, defective, leading people astray, that if somehow Donald Trump were removed from the scene, then that would mean that everything would go back to normal.


That's something that, that there would be sort of a aversion back to the innate goodness of humanity. That's the only way I can find to sort of explain the, the tepid response to an attempted assassination against a political figure in the United States, two in the space of eight weeks. You know, I would be absolutely livid and beside myself. If somebody tried to assassinate a politician that I radically disagree with, like for example, Joe Biden or Kamala Harris, that would be a grave act of evil. That person should be found, that person should be put on death row, obviously, and anybody who even attempted such a thing, that'd be a grave act of evil. And by the way, a useless act of evil, even from a politically conflicting perspective, because getting rid of somebody on the other side of the aisle doesn't change the nature of the political conflict.


In general, human beings think differently. Human beings have flaws. Human beings disagree. And there are big differences between how the right thinks about the left and how the left thinks about the right.


But here's something everyone can agree on. You're paying too much for your cell phone bill. Everybody knows this. The big phone providers, they want you to believe you need unlimited data so they can overcharge you. Here's the fact, most of you are buying way more data than you will ever need with Pure Talk, my cell phone company. You can choose how much data you actually want and you can save. Listen to this. For just 35 bucks a month, you can get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G network. You know what you can do with that much data. You can browse the internet for 500 hours. You can stream 3000 songs, you can watch 30 hours of video. That's if you're not on wifi, here is the best part. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. That's access to the full library of DW plus movies series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Bertram and Run Hide, fight plus Uncensored ad free daily shows, one year free of our kids platform, bent Key and your very own free leftist Tears. Tumblr, the only way you can get the special offer, head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro or call and mention my name, stop overpaying for your cell phone plan. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider.


On the left, there is this weird idea that if something happened to Donald Trump, the world would just be a better place, and it's unmistakable in their rhetoric. Now, again, they're not gonna say out loud that they wish Donald Trump would get shot. Many of them are not gonna say that out loud because I, I think that they would have a hard time facing up to the possibility that they actually believe many of them that the world would be better off if Donald Trump just disappeared. But the reality is that the rhetoric that they're constantly expressing with regard to Donald Trump is not of like kind to the rhetoric expressed about Kamala Harris or Joe Biden by the right. It just isn't people on the right. When we talk about Joe Biden or Kamala Harris, we say that he's a horrible president. She's a horrible vice president. They're doing terrible things for the country, but nobody actually believes that they are such single important figures that there isn't a popular movement backing them.


If, if, if Joe Biden, you know, were to pass away tomorrow, he may have pass away during a debate. But if Joe Biden were actually to just disappear from the public scene, if you were to retire tomorrow, the movement behind him would be exactly the same. If Kamala Harris had not been the nominee, it would've been somebody else. Everybody sort of knows this. Inherently, the left does not believe this about Donald Trump. They believe that he is a single font of evil in the modern world. And the corollary to that is if you keep saying over and over and over that Donald Trump is in fact the A, not only the apex of evil, but a sort of weird evil magician who can whip people into a cult-like frenzy around him, then removal of this figure would change the trajectory of history.


And all it takes is one nut to take that message seriously, to pick up a gun and sit in a tree for 12 hours and wait for the presidents of the United States former president to reach where he is on a golf course and then shoot him. By the way, that latter detail is apparently what happened, according to the Wall Street Journal, the gunman in this particular case, the suspected gunman was hiding near the former President's Florida golf course for roughly 12 hours before a secret service agent spotted him and open fire. He was near the perimeter of Trump's golf course, according to cell phone records from 2:00 AM until 1:31 PM. So terrible job by whoever the security is over there like nobody is walking the perimeter, nobody for 12 hours.


That, by the way, does answer the question as to how he knew Trump was gonna be on the golf course. The answer is he didn't. He knew Trump was staying there. He assumed that Trump likes to golf when he goes to his hotels or his properties. And so if he waited long enough, Trump would show up at about 1:31 PM the Secret Service agent noticed the barrel of a rifle poking out of the tree line and fired at least four shots. The details revealed in the court document charging the alleged shooter with federal gun crimes suggests some level of advanced planning by the suspect who had a long history of criminal convictions, including possession of a weapon of mass destruction that would've barred him from owning a gun. So gun laws are not the problem here. The problem is, as always, criminality.


In addition to charges of possessing a firearm despite being a felon, he was also charged with having a firearm with wiped out serial number, A wrinkle that has made it difficult for law enforcement to determine how he acquired the gun in the first place. Investigators are trying to restore the serial number so they can trace it at this point. Now again, these are back-to-back assassination episodes. It is insane that the President of the United States has not authorized a full security detail for Donald Trump. What we do know about the alleged shooter is that he was a left wing activist. We know this. He was a pro Ukraine activist. He hated Trump, presumably because of that. He had said that he voted for Trump in 2016, but then by June, 2020 was critical of him.


And he said, I and the world hope that President Trump would be different and better than the candidate. I'll be glad when you are gone. And then he wrote a book titled Ukraine's Unwinnable War, which he self-published in 20 23 0 copy sold. He elaborated, he was furious that Trump had withdrawn from the nuclear deal with Iran is pro Iran. Quote, I must take part of the blame for the retarded child that we elected for our next president that ended up being brainless. But I'm man enough to say that I misjudged and made a terrible mistake. And Iran, I apologize, you are free to assassinate Trump as well as me for that error in judgment and the dismantling of the deal. I mean, there there is. I mean, he had a Biden Harris sticker on his truck. Okay? All the attempts to try and paint this person as some sort of political malcontent of neither party is not true.


He was obviously a person who's mentally unstable, but this is a person with very clear politics. And in fact, it turns out the US authorities were warned about the suspected Trump gunman in advance. Apparently it was his time in Ukraine, according to the Wall Street Journal, where he traveled shortly after the Russian invasion of 2022, hoping to join the fight where his tumultuous life full of failures and brushes with the law seemed to spiral further downward. And to alarm those who came in contact with him. Chelsea Walsh, a nurse who had several encounters with the alleged shooter in Ki Ukraine in 2022, said his threats of violence worried her so much that she conveyed her concerns to a customs and border protection officer. In an hour long interview at Washington's Dulles Airport in June, 2022, Walsh told the officer during the interview, which took place after she returned to the US that this person was quote among the most dangerous Americans she met during her month and a half long stint in Ukraine.


She showed the officer a notebook listening more than a dozen names of Americans and others whose actions had alarmed her. Under the heading, overall predatory behavior or antisocial traits were four names. And this person's was at the top when the officer noticed that there were a lot of names. She said, of all the people on there, this person is the number one CBP did not immediately respond to inquiries about the meeting. And of course, this person's behavior had been flagged to the FBI before a tipster told the FBI in 2019, this person had a firearm, despite being a felon, when questioned further wouldn't verify providing the information. An FBI official said Monday the bureau passed the information onto authorities in Honolulu where this person was living at the time and closed the investigation.


This, the alleged shooter was well known among volunteer aid groups in Ukraine as a fraudster and kind of a whack job. According to Sarah Adams, former CIA officer who helped run a network linking 58 groups to share information coordinating humanitarian and volunteer efforts in Ukraine. He claimed to be working with the Ukrainian governments to recruit foreign fighters, but he wasn't actually doing that. And apparently UK Ukraine's International Legion had no ties with this person, didn't stop him from being interviewed by places like Newsweek or the New York Times. Okay, so it, it is very clear this person was a radical. It is also very clear that yes, raising the temperature of rhetoric, suggesting that Donald Trump is a unique outsized threat to the Republic of the United States, and that his supporters are sort of duped and bewildered followers.


They're sort of, they're orange shirts, you might call them. That, that that's really what this is. Of course, that's going to lead people who have a bizarre hero villain view of the universe like this person does, to believe that he is the hero in his own story. And go and try and take out the president to the United States again, you keep, keep upping the, keep upping the rhetoric and this is what you get. Now, president Trump says this, of course, and the entire left IES it well. Well, by the way, maintaining that, he is in fact an outsized threat to the Republic, who it would be better off if you know, if he weren't around, so to speak. Trump calls out left wing extreme rhetoric. The left just denies it.


But there's one thing that is undeniable and that is credit card debt. Very easy to get into, very difficult to get out of. 'cause the system is set up. So you can't, if you're struggling with credit cards, personal loans, collections, or medical bills, you need to check out PDS debt. PDS provides a service to match you with Debt. Solutions tailored to your financial situation. If you're making payments every month on your debt and your balances are not going down, PDS has solutions for you. Everyone with 10 grand or more ineligible debt qualifies. There is no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit are accepted. I know a lot of people who have gotten in trouble with debt. It's a real problem. It can wreck your life. This is why PDS debt is a great solution. PDS debt has customized options for everybody. They strive to understand your specific scenario. They can help provide alternative solutions to becoming debt free. Save more while paying off your debt in a fraction of the time. Stop waiting, start saving. Get a free debt analysis right now at PDs pdst.com/shapiro. It only takes thirty seconds. That's PDs debt.com/shapiro today. Again, PDs debt.com/shapiro. If you've got a debt problem, you gotta get it solved. You don't want that racking up on you. Go to PDs dot.com/shapiro. Get this thing under control. It only takes a minute. PDs debt.com/shapiro today.


So President Trump put out a statement saying, quote, the rhetoric lies as exemplified by the false statements made by comrade Kamala Harris during the rigged and highly partisan a BC debate and all of the ridiculous lawsuits specifically designed to inflicted damage on Joe's. Then Kamala's political opponent, me has taken politics in our country to a whole new level of hatred, abuse, and distrust. Because of this communist left rhetoric. The bullets are flying, you'll only get worse, allowing millions of people from places unknown to invade and take over our countries and un parables unpardonable sin, our borders must be closed and the terrorist criminals are mentally insane, immediately removed from American cities and towns deported back to their country's of origin. We want people to come into our country, but they must love our nation and come in legally and throw a system of merit. The world is laughing at us as fools.


They are stealing our jobs and our wealth. We cannot let them laugh any longer. Make America great again. Trump had also blamed Vice President Harris and President Biden for the assassination attempts in a conversation with Fox News digitals at Brook Sigman earlier the day, earlier in the day, saying, quote, their rhetoric is causing me to be shot at when I'm the one who's gonna save the country. They're the ones destroying the country, both from the inside and out. JD Vance gave a speech yesterday in which he specifically discussed the problems of rhetoric. Here he was yesterday at the Georgia Faith and Freedom Coalition talking about this. I do think that we should take this opportunity to call for a reduction in the ridiculous and inflammatory political rhetoric coming from too many corners of our politics.


Look, we can disagree with one another, we can debate one another, but we cannot tell the American people that one candidate is a fascist. And if he's elected, it is gonna be the end of American democracy. We cannot, as a per, as a person affiliated with Kamala Harris has said that we need to quote, eliminate Donald J. Trump. A New York Democratic Congressman has said that in the past. If you tell the American people that this person is the end of democracy, if you tell the American people that this person needs to be eliminated, most of them thank God are gonna ignore you. But some crazy person is gonna take matters into their own hands and actually listen to the crazy rhetoric that you're putting out there.


Now again, what's funny about what Vance is saying here is that the left has been saying this about the right for legitimately decades at this point. And they said this about Sarah Palin and Gabby Giffords. They suggested because Sarah Palin put out a map, this is now back in like 2008, that that because Sarah Palin put out a map with targeted districts for a midterm election. And one of those districts was Gabby Gifford's district. That that meant that a nut job had shot Gabby Giffords at a, at a campaign rally. It turns out it had nothing to do with Sarah Palin. It doesn't matter. The way that it works on the left is that if a right wing figure is attacked, it must be because of Rightwing rhetoric. And if a left wing figure is attacked, it must be because of Rightwing rhetoric. That is the way this works. They, it is a ratchet that only works one way.


So the entire media came to the defense of Biden Harris, Nora O'Donnell, CBS News. She immediately suggested this has nothing to do with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Nothing at all. Donald Trump is blaming Democrats for inflaming political rhetoric. But the former president's own words seem to be increasing the threat of political violence in Springfield, Ohio. That's where a false and ugly accusation against Haitians, thousands of whom are legal, permanent residents, is impacting everyday life. Remember, the problem with bad rhetoric is Trump always and forever, which again, keeps underscoring the idea that Trump is a unique threat to American democracy. That Trump is a unique threat to the American people.


That he is the source of violent threat. Now, if you go all the way back to the 2016 race, there's a lot of talk about this, right? Trump would be at rallies and he'd say that if you, if you beat somebody up in the, in the rally crowd, then it's then, then I'll pay your legal bills, right? He said that during, and this was a big deal. But the reality is the political violence in 2016 was almost entirely left on right, not right on left. There were full scale Trump rallies that got shut down because of violent left-wing agitators, outside arenas trying to beat people up. The left rhetoric, politically speaking, has been, has caused insane levels of violence in the United States now, at least among them, the $2 billion in property damage and enormous human toll of the BLM riots of 2020.


Or for example, if you're going to link the scale of rhetoric to actual violent shooting events, a Bernie Sanders fan shooting up a congressional baseball game, or for example, a Black Lives Matter fan shooting up Dallas police officers while Barack Obama was president ripping on the police. Now, as I've said consistently here, this does not mean that people speaking politically are responsible for those who then take those words and twist them or misinterpret them or use them as an excuse for violence. However, if you do keep ratcheting up the heat on the stove, it shouldn't be a shock when the water occasionally boils over. But the war, the way that this works for the left is everything bad they say about the right is totally justified. Everything bad they say about Donald Trump in particular is totally justified.


Remember, it's not just words that they have about the right, generally speaking, or the rights, political perspectives. They have decided that because Donald Trump is in himself a uniquely evil figure, they can say whatever the hell they want about him, and it is totally justified. And not only that, he brings it on himself. So no O'Donnell says, it's not our rhetoric about Trump that causes people to wanna shoot Trump. It's that Trump said this weird thing about they're eating cats and dogs in Springfield, Ohio, and that's the real danger. Or how about this? CNN's Dana Bash, who did the same routine yesterday, said this, this has nothing to do with Biden Harris. I mean nothing. The guy had a Biden Harris bumper sticker on the back of his car. I have very serious doubts about whether Donna Bash would be saying the same thing.


If somebody with a Trump Vance sticker on his car tried to take a shot at Kamala Harris, I have feeling that the, the, the conversation might be wildly different. There's absolutely, again, no basis in fact that they were behind this at all. We don't know much about this guy yet at all, other than he was somebody who was trying to find a way at, in his mid to late fifties, go and and serve on the front lines of Ukraine. And he obviously had some anti-Trump posts. But that's has nothing to do with, with Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. It has to do with the fact that this is his political belief. And obviously this is a very disturbed individual, this alleged suspect.


Well, the media can be relied upon to cover up for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and all of their rhetoric.


But I'll tell you what, you need to rely on your mattress, but you actually need to lie on your mattress. And the thing is, with a bad mattress, you ain't gonna sleep. A couple years back I was tossing and turning all night, then I decided to try a Helix sleep mattress. Lemme tell you, it has been an absolute game changer. Why? Because they made a mattress for me. You know, it's personalized to me. They have 20 different mattresses, 20, they've got the lux for the fancy types, the elite for the extra fancy. I am extra fancy. And even the helix plus for the bigger fellows, you know, the kind of dudes who don't eat soy ever. Now you might be thinking, Ben, how do I know which one is right for me? Here's your answer. You go take that Helix sleep quiz. It's quick, it's easy, it takes less than two minutes. I took the quiz myself. They matched me with a medium firm mattress, which is perfect for me because I sleep on my stomach. Well, here is another great thing about Helix. They ship your personalized mattress right to your door, free of charge, no dealing with mattress salesman or about as trustworthy as mainstream media fact checkers. Now get this, they give you a hundred nights to try it out, plus 10 to 15 year warranties. You got nothing to lose. If you wanna sleep as soundly as I do, which is like a baby, heading over to helix sleep.com/ben, take that sleep quiz plus Helix is offering up to 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners, helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ben with Helix, better sleep starts right now.


Again, do you think that Dan Bash would be saying the same thing if the situation reversed? You know, for a fact she wouldn't. You know for a fact she would not. In fact, right now, they're literally attempting to blame Donald Trump and JD Vance for hoax phone calls in Springfield, Ohio because of the eating cats and dogs remark. So apparently the rhetoric of Donald Trump and JD Vance is so all fired powerful that when Donald Trump says in debate they're eating the cats, they're eating the dogs. This means you can directly blame him for bomb threats, hoax threats, very often coming from abroad. Apparently you can blame them for that sort of stuff happening in Springfield, Ohio. But when Donald Trump is, is shot at the entire democratic media complex, have they bear no responsibility whatsoever for their own rhetoric? It really is incredible.


So for example, Joe Biden yesterday, he comes out, he says, there's no place for political violence. And, and again, I would take this more seriously if your entire party hadn't sided with the Black Lives Matter rioters. And I also would take this more seriously if you hadn't repeatedly suggested that your political opponent is hit layering in, in intent. Here's Joe Biden yesterday. There is no, and I mean this in the bottom, those of you know me, many of you do no place in political violence for political violence in America. None. Zero, never. I've always condemned political violence always will. In America. In America, we resolve our difference peacefully the ballot box, not at the end of a gun.


Okay, that's, that's all fine and that's all well, and that's all good. But in the same speech, you one say that we're in a battle for the soul of America, the implication being, of course, that if his favorite candidate, Kamala Harris, who forced him aside loses, then apparently the soul of America is lost in some way. Well, it turns out that when you tell people that if your opponent is elected, the soul of America will be gone. Maybe someone might take that seriously. But look, we're still in the battle. We're still in the battle for the very soul of America. In 2020, I ran, and I give you my word, this was the reason I ran to redeem the Soul of America, restore decency and dignity to the office of the presidency.


Well, I mean this kinda language redeem the soul of America, the soul of America had been owned by Satan, Donald Trump. And then I came and I redeemed the soul of am Joe Biden is your savior. He redeemed the soul of America, but now it's in danger of being lost again. And then again, you wonder why mentally unhinged people might take that seriously. M-S-N-B-C is doing the same routine. Here's MSNBC's Nicole Wallace yesterday saying, political violence is antithetical to our republic. Unless you're burning down half the cities in America over George Floyd, It's worth repeating political violence regardless of any motive, any method or any target is antithetical to our democracy, to a healthy and vibrant democracy anywhere on the planet full stop.


Our system of government, our very way of life depends not on bullets, but on our political opinions being carried out and expressed at the ballot box, in the ballot box exclusively. Okay? But I don't believe you guys, because here is the thing, you guys use language that is so unhinged and outside the norm that it's almost impossible to link it with total nonviolent. So for example, Hillary Clinton, who has just become a, a morning drinker at this point, she appears on M-S-N-B-C with Rachel Maddow. She has another memoir out because you needed to know what she's been doing for the past few years, right? This is her fourth memoir. Let me explain. There are, there's no one alive who requires four memoirs.


No one, no one requires four memoirs. I know Barack Obama's had to, I know she's trying to outpace him. She has four. I feel like zero memoirs is the right number for most people, particularly in politics. But she has another, her fourth memoir coming out and she explains that Donald Trump is dangerous, dangerous, you know, it's kinda dangerous saying that over and over and over. And I don't understand why it's so difficult for the press to have a consistent narrative about how dangerous Trump is. You know, the late great journalist Harry Evans, you know, one time said that, you know, journalists should, you know, really try to achieve objectivity.


And by that he said, I mean they should cover the object. Well, the object in this case is Donald Trump, his demagoguery, his danger to our country and the world and stick with it. He's a danger to the country. He's a danger to the world. Don't worry's non-violence that we seek. That's wild. You know, who I would call a danger to the country, an end danger to the world, the government of China, the government of Iran, Vladimir Putin, terrorist groups like isis, you know, I don't think is a danger to the country and a danger to the world in the sense that she is talking about Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. And I think they're awful. I think they'll do terrible things for the country.


I think they'll undermine fundamental bases of the functioning of our republic. I think all of that is true. And also I don't think they're very important political figures in and of themselves. I think what they stand for is quite important. But I don't think that they in themselves are like grave threats to the future coherence of the republic. But that's what the left believes. That's what Hillary Clinton believes. And what that means is that anytime there's an attempt on say Donald Trump, it turns out it's his own fault. Now listen, the leaders of the Democratic Party, it's not that they in their very personages are grave threats to the republic, it's that the movement that they represent thinks a lot of bad things.


But you know, what is a threat to you? Well, that'd be the IRS because if you haven't actually done your taxes, let's say that you have an unfiled return, you got back taxes. If you're still struggling with that stuff, the IRS is coming for you. Handling it alone can be a huge mistake. It can cost you thousands of dollars. In these challenging times, your best offense is tax Network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions of bucks in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your advantage. Tax network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up tax network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on the planet. Now. The tax season is over. Collection season has begun. Tax Network, USA can even help with state tax issues for a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRSs take advantage of you if to help you need with tax network USA.


So Tom Nichols, who used to be a, so he used to characterize himself as a conservative. Now he writes for the Atlantic. He wrote yesterday, this, I'm not even, I'm not even joking, this is what he wrote, quote, Donald Trump is using another possible attempt on his life to inflame tensions in America, which is one more reason he should never be president again. I mean, slow clap, incredible stuff right there. Do you understand the logic there? Somebody tried to shoot Trump again allegedly, and, and Tom Nichols says, Donald Trump is using another possible attempt on his life to inflame tensions that he's inflaming the tensions by what not being hit by the bullet. That's one more reason he should never be president again. The New York Times doing the same routine, they have an entire news analysis piece, which is they just call this opinion, but they can't do that anymore.


So they call it news analysis, quote Trump outrage. In the modern era of political violence, the latest apparent assassination attempt against the former president indicates how much the American political landscape has been shaped by anger stirred by him and against him. Within days of former president Donald J. Trump vilifying immigrants on national TV with false stories about Haitian migrants eating pet dogs and cats. In an Ohio town, someone began threatening to blow up schools, city hall, and other public buildings forcing evacuations and prompting a wave of fear. Days later, authorities said a man who described himself online as a dis disaffected former Trump supporter, made his way with a semi-automatic rifle to the former President's Florida Golf course, evidently looking to take a shot. He was thwarted only when an observant secret service agent spotted him in open fire first.


By the way, look at that horrific coverage there by the New York Times. If you read that, you would only believe that this was some sort of right wing disaffected Republican. This guy is a nut job career long left winger who the only indicator that he was Republican at all in any way, shape or form, is that he said he voted for Trump in 2016. That's pretty much it. And then he had some weird tweet about how he wanted to fake Ram Swami and Nikki Haley to team up to stop Trump in the 2024 election. That's it. He's got a Biden Harris sticker on his damn truck. He has an entire book he wrote in which he wishes for Donald Trump's death and praise for the government of Iran. Like, no, no New York Times. But according to the New York Times, quote, in the space of less than a week, the once and possibly future Commander-in-chief with was both a seeming inspiration and an apparent target of the political violence that has increasingly come to shape American politics in the modern era.


Bomb threats and attempted assassinations now have become part of the landscape shocking and horrific and not so much they forced any real national reckoning. So it's, it's all about, it's all about Trump, obviously, it's really about Trump. In fact, Biden and Harris are the good guys. In Peter Baker's narrative for the New York Times. Quote, president Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris both issued statements condemning the latest incident, but the campaign continued to uninterrupted barely four hours after Mr. Trump was hustled into a motorcade away from the golf club for his protection, his finance team sent out an email to its fundraising list with the button to click to make a donation. My resolve is only stronger after another attempt on my life. Mr. Trump said in an email, Ms. Harris's fundraising emails continued as well.


So again, the idea here is that Donald Trump is the cause of everything, which again, lends itself to the very narrative used by wouldbe shooters. If Donald Trump is the locust of all evil, both against him and on his behalf, then removal, I mean that, I don't know how you avoid the implication. I I honestly don't know how you do. So it's very difficult to make that narrative work, right? The narrative that that Donald Trump's rhetoric somehow boomeranged on him. And that is why in the space of eight weeks, two separate people have tried to shoot him two separate times. Very difficult to explain how that narrative works.


How it isn't in fact that the people who did this were driven by, you know, Donald Trump's opponents, that maybe it has more to do with people hating Trump. And then radical whack jobs who hate Trump listening to the people who hate Trump and then going and doing evil things. So what do they do? They have to play up the situation in Springfield, Ohio, and they have to play up the eating the dogs and eating the cats thing. Now, here's what we know. Ohio governor Mike DeWine came out yesterday and he said they've had something like 33 bomb threats. All of them have been hoaxes and many of them have been foreign. Here is the governor of Ohio, who by the way, is no like great ally of President Trump yesterday in Springfield Leased 33 separate bomb threats, each one of which has been responded to, and each one of whom has been found as a hoax.


So 33 threats, 33 hoax. I wanna make that very, very clear. None of these had any validity at all, Okay? And he would go on to say that many of those hoaxes were driven by foreign sources, that the calls were actually coming from outside the country. But according to the left, this is the worst thing happening in American politics today. Not the attempted assassination of one of the major candidates and the former president. The worst thing happening is that Donald Trump said a thing about the Haitian residents of Springfield, Ohio. Now, again, I've seen no evidence that the residents of Springfield, Ohio, who are Haitian, are eating the cats and eating the dogs, right? That evidence has not yet come to light.


What I have seen is a lot of social problems in Springfield, Ohio. I'm not a big fan of trafficking in stories that are completely unverified or, or just based on anecdotal evidence. I, I tend not to take them super seriously until there's been some sort of confirming evidence. With that said, the idea that the big story of the week after someone again tries to shoot Trump in the head, allegedly, that the big story of the week is that Trump and Vance said a thing about eating the cats and eating the dogs, and that that's the true source of American political violence is pretty wild. But that's exactly what the Democrats are trying to retail. So for example, here is former Alabama Senator Doug Jones saying, you know, look what's happening to that poor town, that poor town, all because of Trump.


There were no problems in Springfield, Ohio until Trump and advance made problems. Look what is happening to that poor town up there, canceling events, canceling classes, shutting down classes in the university where they happen to go online. That's not the way people wanna live. And that's exactly the way people will live at Donald Trump and, and JD Vance get elected, Okay, MSNBC's Mark McKinnon, he says, you know, the political violence that Trump is talking about, it's coming, it's coming from him because of the eating the cats and the eating the dogs. The Republicans wanna to get into a back and forth or check the record on who's raised the, the heat on the violent rhetoric more than more than the other party. I think they're in a bad position there.


But to your point about the, about creating stories, that's just a nice way of dressing it up. What they're saying is, we lied about it. We lied about it in order to bring something that we think is a good political issue for us. And a consequence of that is what we're seeing now, which is just what you're talking about, violence. They're having bomb threats in schools over a story that they quote created, that they lied about. So they're the ones, I mean that's, that's an exact example in Springfield right now of them raising the rhetoric, raising the heat on a false story, on a lie. This created a bomb threat at schools. So you don't have to look too far to see where, where the problem's coming from. Now again, what this comes down to is what I said at the very beginning of the show.


For people on the left, or people who hate Trump at this point, anybody who disagrees with them is an emissary of evil whose brain has probably been thwarted by Trump, which means your opposition to their policy agenda puts you in that camp. You know, I'm talking about ramping up the rhetoric and creating massive divisions in American society. That's precisely how to do it. I mean, look, look, look at Joe Biden. So yesterday, Joe Biden, who believe it or not, is still the president of the United States. It is astonishing to me how the biggest story in the country is not that we have a senile man as president of the United States. The most powerful person on earth does not have a functioning brain at this point, and everybody's just kind of going about their business. So I gotta say, well done by the founders for constructing a system so uniquely durable that we can put somebody fully brain dead in the presidency and everything kind of keeps going.


Anyway, Joe Biden was speaking at the National Historically Black Colleges Conference and and he suggested that talking about what's going on on in Springfield, Ohio puts the values of DEI under attack. But today, affirmative action and the values of diversity, equity, and inclusion are under attack. Like not long since I started as a young civil rights guy, books are being banned, history's being erased. H HBCUs have received bomb threats, and right now lies and hate are being spread about Haitian, Haitian Americans in Ohio.


It's wrong, it's simply wrong and it must stop. It's all about DEI. It's part of a broader attack on our values, the Soul of America, and it must be stopped. The problem is, if you keep saying that over and over and over, someone might take it seriously. But there is one type of rhetoric of course, that the left really doesn't like and that is pretty much anything they disagree with is now in the violent matrix that justifies any action on their part. Get to that in a moment.


First, with the most crucial election of our lifetime, just 48 days away, you need the truth. That's why we're offering 47% off new Daily Wire plus memberships today. 'cause once again, the mainstream media are proving why you cannot trust them. Case in point, we've now had a second assassination attempt on former presidents, is Donald Trump. It's 48 hours later and the national news are already turning to why Donald Trump is a mean man who probably caused it. I mean, there's an actual headline from political right now. Quote, Republicans outraged over possible assassination attempt, they're going to keep trying to kill Trump. Somehow this turned into a Republican pounce story from the media. Shocker. It's the same old story. They don't want you to know what's happening. They want you to buy their narrative. Here at The Daily Wire, we cover the truth. We give you the breaking news and the full story. The left wing media continue to ignore. We deliver the facts America desperately needs and deserves just like we always have. Now more than ever. You need access to the truth. We're making it easier than ever to get it, go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for that whopping 47% off your new Daily Wire plus membership. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe code fight.


So remember, according to the left rhetoric from the left, totally fine, no matter how violent, no matter how suggestive all of that is, totally fine. Rhetoric from the right, inherently bad, inherently evil, and probably requires some sort of government activity. So the other day, Elon Musk tweeted out after the second assassination attempt, he tweeted, and no one is even trying to assassinate Biden and Kamala. Now, it wasn't a call for an attempted assassination against Biden or Kamala. He was just pointing out that the perceived threat of Trump is higher than the perceived threat of Biden and Kamala because they are a continuation of the status quo. That's obviously what he meant by the tweet. Obviously, he responded to one request to reconsider his comment saying No one has even tried to do so is the point I'm making, and no one will.


And then he responded to another request to delete and he said, fair enough, I don't want to do what they have done even in jest. I mean, again, it is very clear what he was attempting to say there. What he was basically saying is that the reason that they're trying to kill Trump is 'cause he's a threat to the system. Biden and Harris aren't a threat to the system, so no one's trying to kill them right now. That may or may not be true. That is what he's attempting to say. The White House immediately issues a statement on that. So the White House, which has been complicit in every attempt to link Donald Trump with violence, every attempt to treat Donald Trump is uniquely dangerous. The White House, which is behind the messaging that Donald Trump is a threat to the very fabric and soul of the United States of America in a unique way, not as part of a broader movement that has different priorities, but as part of a broader movement that wishes to tear away the entirety of the United States, turn it into a tyrannical theocracy.


This White House, which is literally behind that effort, is very angry to Elon Musk, quote as President Biden and Vice President Harris said, after yesterday's disturbing news, there is no place for political violence or for any violence ever in our country, and we must all do our parts to ensure this incident does not lead to more violence. Violence should only be condemned, not encouraged or joked about this rhetoric is irresponsible. Okay, so this prompted Josh Marshall of Talking Points Memo, which is a relatively popular left wing website to right quote, this man is a dangerous degenerate influence within the American state. This is only a half step away from incitement to murder. No it isn't. Eventually the US will have to take the necessary steps to expropriate with fair market compensation. The national security assets must has acquired through government contracts and subsidies or exercise oversight necessary to safeguard American national security.


Too many examples of his using those assets to provide aid to adversary states. So Josh Marshall using this opportunity to suggest that the national government of the United States expropriate the property of Elon Musk for a tweet. A tweet that is not calling for violence against Biden Harris. It's pointing out that the levels of threat to Biden and Harris are lower than those against Trump for a reason. Again, the way that it works, if you are just non left, okay, Elon Musk is not a right wing or in any traditional sense, he's just not left the, the level of outrage and the justified level than they believe of action taking by the government is insane. It's wild.


And yet that is the continued narrative from from the left today, how two attempted assassinations against the former presidents of the United States somehow turns into a referendum on the person who is the victim of the assassination attempts is beyond me. I mean, truly, you gotta hand it to them and it demonstrates what an insane bubble they live in the middle of that. That sounds reasonable to them, that that sounds like, okay, well, you know that that makes perfect sense. It has nothing to do with you. It has nothing to do with you what you do every day and has nothing to do with Ms. N BBC going on air every single day and declaring that Donald Trump is basically Hitler without the mustache. It has nothing to do with Joe Biden getting up there and giving speeches for years on end about how Donald Trump is the gravest threat to the American Republic.


It has nothing to do with the suggestion that Donald Trump is a revolutionary insurrectionist to attempted to overthrow the government of the United States and came with a herds breadth of doing so on January 6th, which is not actually what happened on January 6th. Donald Trump laid out a bunch of specious legal theories that were rejected in court, and then he laid out another specious legal theory that ended up being overridden by Republicans in Congress. And yet somehow when Donald Trump, again, twice in eight weeks, is victimized by attempted assassinations, the story is, of course, of course, of course, about right-wing rhetoric. I get the feeling that you don't actually care too much about the assassination attempt. All you care about is silencing your opponents.


That's the thing that I get the sense of if you are in the Democrat media, human centipede,


Andros Claude family of models is AI backed by uncompromising integrity. Whether you're brainstorming alone or building with a team, Claude can help you do your best work. Claude is run by responsible leadership with an ethical approach to the development of AI while providing strong data security and putting humanity. First, find Claude on Apple and Android app stores and explore models Haiku and Opus, which complete the 3.5 model family. Discover how Claude can transform your work and business at anthropic.com/claude cl au de DE.


The goal of that media Democrat human centipede, is to indoctrinate it is to make you think in a certain way, but the things they want you to think are not actually consonant with reality or decency.


If you want to think better in a different way, check out Grand Canyon University. It's a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. GCU believes we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunities and that the American dream starts with purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effective transformation for generations to come. By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community. Whether you're pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on-campus hybrid learning environments, they're designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December, 2023, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams, the pursuit to serve others. That's yours. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian affordable visit. IF gcu.edu, that's gcu.edu. Go check out Grand Canyon University today. It's a great option. Private Christian, affordable gcu.edu. That's gcu.edu.


Meanwhile, remember, Joe Biden is still the president, and Kamala Harris is still the sitting vice president of the United States. It is unbelievable to me that her entire campaign is now about turning the page in the words of Gwen Wells. Turn the page. She's been tweeting out over and over and over that she is a change in the middle of the stream. There's only one problem. She's the sitting vice president of the United States. So let me just bring you a few events happening under the sitting Vice President of the United States. One, the explosion of the federal debt, the massive explosion of the federal debt, 35 trillion in federal debt. A decade ago, our federal debt was something like $18 trillion. So you basically doubled it in the last decade. No plans to bring that down.


Meanwhile, on the foreign front, Venezuela has now detained three Americans. Why shocker? It turns out that when you negotiate with terrorists and when you cut really bad prisoner swap deals, as the Biden administration has repeatedly done, you are incentivizing America's enemies to take Americans hostage, which is precisely what the government of Venezuela is now doing. Quote, wall Street Journal after a prisoner swap with Venezuela's regime last year, Biden administration officials celebrated and said they had commitments from President Nikola Maduro's regime not to detain more Americans. Nearly nine months later, Maduro's authoritarian government says it has locked up three US citizens, including an active Navy serviceman on allegations of coup plotting in a case highlighting the short-lived returns from last year's hostage exchange.


Over the weekend, Venezuelan interior and justice minister, the SDO Cabbel in a news conference said Three Americans, two Spaniards and a Czech National have been arrested for conspiring on behalf of American Intelligence Services. He identified the active US Sailor as a former Navy Seal named Wilbert Castanera, and named two other Americans. Without providing more details, the US denied the accusations. Caveo didn't offer any evidence for his assertions. So look at that. Amazing. It turns out that America's enemies have now decided that because the Biden administration is weak, they're just going to Willy-nilly take American citizens hostage. So there's that going on. That's really exciting. Meanwhile, in more international news, Congo, which has had an ongoing civil war for years and years and years at this point, has become the victim of a massive rape epidemic caused by radical Muslim insurrectionist groups in Congo.


And this receives pretty much zero attention ever. Despite the fact that apparently in one area of the country, something like 80% of women have been raped. They're attempting to go to areas where there are food there. There's a camp around Goma that hosts about 500,000 displaced people. Apparently 80% of the women have been raped, including girls as young as eight, and they're being raped by Muslim radical groups. This is not worth any sort of media attention. What is worth media attention obviously is Israel defending itself. That obviously is the thing that is worth media attention. It's the thing we all ought to have eyes on is the, the supposed plight of the Gaza Strip. And I say supposed because it is at the hands of Hamas, not at the hands of Israel.


So the United States right now is trying to warn Israel against escalating its fight with Hezbollah. Amos Hochstein, the US envoy has warned Israel over escalating its fight with Hezbollah in Lebanon. Well, I mean if he's got any alternative ideas, I'm sure Israel is willing to hear them. The upper third of Israel is basically empty. It is empty because Hezbollah has been firing rockets every single night into Northern Israel for almost a year at this point. And Israel's like, listen, at some point we're gonna have to actually, you know, make our territory livable for our citizens. The US message delivered in meetings, top Biden administration diplomat, Amos Hochstein held with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Israeli Defense Minister Yu Galand Intel IV on Monday reflects growing us. Concern in the conflict in Gaza could spread.


Oh, you mean it could, could spread. I've noticed it's spread already. And that's because you guys are cowards and I mean Amit Hochstein and the Biden administration, if they just said to Israel, go hog wild. Do what you need to do to secure yourself. You'll have the support you need. This thing would've been over in February. It would've been over already. Instead, they decided they were gonna basically hold the leash on Israel and yank it every so often to prevent Israel from doing what it had to, to defend itself in the mistaken belief that if they didn't, then Iran was going to get involved in some sort of gigantic World War ii as opposed to the reality which is that Iran is actually intimidated by the combined firepower of Israel and its allies.


Doesn't matter. That's what the US is focused in on, which presumably again would be one of the reasons that you have foreign actors who are taking Americans hostage because why the hell not? Joe Biden's a soft touch and so is Kamala Harris. And meanwhile we have some shocking news in the scientific community. It turns out the Nature Magazine is once again endorsing Joe Biden. No, no. So if you wonder what the hell Nature Magazine has to do with politics, you're not the only one. But they did this back in 2020. What it ended up doing was not actually moving votes toward Joe Biden. It just ended up making people believe that nature is a politically motivated magazine, which of course it is. Nature put out an entire statement saying, we live in an era in which there are many attempts to politicize science.


Some scientists are concerned such attempts will reduce both public confidence in science and people's willingness to rely on scientific information to manage a challenge such as a pandemic Nature was one of several prominent scientific publications to endorse Joe Biden in the 2020 US presidential election. And now they're doing it again. Wow, you guys, well done guys. That is awesome. And by the way, they did look, they did conduct a poll as to how that impacted how people view Nature Magazine and it turned out that people don't like Nature Magazine as much. 'cause they're like, wait, I thought you guys do nature not politics. But unfortunately, the scientific community has engaged in politics more and more while ignoring some of the biggest issues on the planet.


Only now, for example, our scientists beginning to investigate just how much crap there is in our bodies, thanks to, for example, all of the wrapping materials that are used on all the foods that we eat. According to the Washington Post, researchers from Switzerland and other countries have discovered that of the roughly 14,000 known chemicals in food packaging, 3,601 or about 25% have been found in the human body, whether in samples of blood, hair or breast milk. Those chemicals include metals, volatile organic compounds per and polyflor alkyl substances or PFAS Phalates and many other materials known to disrupt the endocrine system and cause cancer or other diseases.


Apparently all this stuff is unregulated. The chemicals leach outta the packaging according to Jane Monk, the Chief Scientific Officer for the Food Packaging Forum. By the way, some of the worst things for food packaging, recycling paper, cardboard, or plastic for food packaging, apparently it makes it much, much worse. It leaches much easier into all of the materials. Why is it that we are only finding about this now? Why is it that we all spent our entire life eating out of these sorts of packages? And only now has the scientific community decided to actually, you know, check it out. The truth is, the scientific community has spent a very long time doing politics instead of actual scientific exploration. We sat down a little bit earlier this week with my friend Dr. Marty Macari has a brand new book out called Blind Spots to talk about the scientific community, what they're ignoring, including issues of say, food security.


Here's what it sounded like. Joining us on the line is my friend Dr. Marty McCarey. He's a renowned surgeon and professor at Johns Hopkins University. Also, he's the author of the brand new book, blind Spots When Medicine Gets It Wrong and What It Means For Our Health. Marty, great to talk to you. Great To see you, Ben. So Let's talk about so many, there's so many blind spots in the American medical system. Why don't we start with one that RFK Junior is constantly talking about, and that is chronic disease. He's been talking about this for a very long time. The increase in chronic disease failures of nutrition. How bad is it in the United States? Well, it's epidemic, and it's far worse than any other problem really facing this country. It's expensive. It's a national security issue and it's, it's sad.


We're one of the wealthiest countries in the world, and half of our nation's children are sick with overweight or obesity. The rate of autism goes up by 14% each year for the last 23 years. No one seems to be asking why fertility rates are going down. Sperm counts are down 50% over the last five decades. We have the earliest age of puberty than any other country years before, and no one has been talking about this epidemic. We can keep throwing good money after bad after it, after this, after this problem. But we have a sick population with an epidemic of chronic diseases that no one has been talking about. Only the system is talking about medicating and operating on these conditions.


So Marty, where is this coming from? You know, when, when you look at, you know, these epidemics that didn't exist a while ago, is it our food supply? Is it, is it how we're doing vaccinations? What exactly are the problems? Well, you're, first of all, you're absolutely right. This is a brand new phenomenon. Two generations ago, these were rare conditions. Now a quarter of kids have fatty infiltration of the liver, which is a predisposing factor to liver cancer. My field of pancreatic cancer has cancer. The pancreatic cancer rates have doubled in the last two decades, and nobody is asking why. We've gotta look at the food supply. We've poisoned our food supply, we've created ultra processed foods, we've got dangerous ingredients that are really chemicals with the misnomer because they sound natural, like natural seed oils.


This is a result of government subsidies to soybeans and corn. And so we create this cheap ingredient that then gets denatured and turned into a chemical in the form of seed oils and pesticides are ubiquitous now. We pour five to six gallon billion gallons of pesticides on our food on agriculture. And guess what? Pesticides have hormone like binding properties. They have estrogen-like binding properties, and they're changing the microbiome. That is the gut health, the lining of bacteria that normally digest food and trains the immune system in our body. It's being altered by these chemicals in our food supply, by antibiotics that are given unnecessarily 60% of the time by c-sections that are unnecessary 40% of the time.


So we've ignored these giant blind spots of health and we've gotta start talking about them. The NIH has not been funding this stuff. They're too busy funding bat coronavirus research and Wuhan and other things. This is where we need our research funding. Actually, my one of the questions that that has come up sort of in our personal life, my wife got very into, she's a, a family physician. She got very into looking at, you know, the, the materials that people use to eat on paper plates, you know, the, the, the sort of, you know, plastic plates that you get at the, at the grocery store or whatever. and she became very concerned about microplastics. There was a study recently that came out that suggested that microplastics are now becoming ubiquitous in American bodies, that actually a certain percentage of people's brain tissue is now microplastic.


And what, what, what, what's happening with that? What is it? What does that, and do we know what any of that means? Yeah, so there's a good study that shows that microplastics that are common in food and drink, they have estrogen-like binding properties. So we're doing something, we're changing the body's physiology in ways we don't appreciate. It may also change the microbiome in one's gut health. And what happens is, Ben, when you take in a foreign chemical, something that does not appear in nature, be it a derivative of seed oil microplastic, or a pesticide or a engineered food ingredient, the body rejects it because the gut has a immune system in its lining. It's a very strong immune system.


So it responds and it's not a big acute inflammatory reaction, it's a low level reaction and it's chronic and it causes chronic inflammation throughout the body and it makes people feel sick. And, and we're puzzled why 40% of children will have a mental health diagnosis. In some cases we've been poisoning them and their bodies just feel blah, they feel sick from this reaction. You know, Marty, this is such, it's so troubling to hear all of this, obviously, because you're talking about a decades long entrenched problem at this point, and many of the figures who have been out there talking about this stuff. I mentioned again, RFK Junior, you know, I don't agree with a lot of RFK junior's prescriptions for this, right?


Obviously, he's been widely anti-vaccination, not just anti the mRNA vaccines. He's not just questioned the vaccine schedules in many cases. He's gone further and suggested that, for example, the uptick in autism, massive uptick in autism is due to vaccinations. A a proposition that I, I see very little evidence of. But it, it becomes so difficult to distinguish what is true from what is false in this sphere because very few Americans have actually gone to medical school, even the ones who have gone to medical school are apparently spewing kind of what they've been taught very often by a system that is promulgating these things. How is a normal person going about their daily life to actually determine what's healthy and what's not? And it's exhausting to think about, you know, going to the grocery store and having to think about like, what do I eat that doesn't poison me? And to prioritize health, health priorities, for example, is avoiding micro microplastics the most important thing.


So look, I tell people, eat organic foods, avoid these chemical pesticides. Avoid ultra processed foods when possible, cook with the avocado and olive oils and coconut oils, not with the cheap canola c sunflower vegetable oils. And try to think about basic biblical principles of eating whole foods that grow in soil, clean meats, fast, meditate. I mean, we're almost rediscovering the benefits of a lot of these basic principles of just simple living. But you're absolutely right. Like people need some guidance. And that's why a group of doctors and I have said, we're gonna go directly to the public.


And that's why I wrote the book Blind Spots to educate people that we have got it in me medicine terribly wrong when it came to saying opioids were not addictive. We ignited the opioid crisis, the modern day peanut allergy epidemic. We ignited that by giving people bad advice and the food pyramid ignited the obesity epidemic. So ironically, sometimes medical establishment causes or hastens many of our modern day health crises through medical dogma. And Marty, one of the things you talk about in blind spots, and we've talked about a lot before, is you mentioned the NIH you mentioned medical research and, and when it comes to the medical research, the medical research, you're always rewarded for saying something new.


You're never rewarded for debunking something old, but if there's a well established body of medical opinion and then you come along and you disrupt that and you say, this is just not true, there's no reward structure in medicine for doing that. And there's certainly no reward structure in sort of the medical research field for, for even going back and trying to do a confirming study. So a huge number of studies that have been done are thrown out there. And then there is no mechanism for people. Like why? Why would you pay for somebody to duplicate a study? The study is just assumed to be good until further notice. And then it turns out 20 years later, it turns out the study was crap. But we based an entire field of medicine on it or something. We need good research on the microbiome. We need to repeat clinical trials that were only done once before. We create entire guidelines.


Sometimes up to 40% of everything we do in medicine gets reversed when a second study eventually gets funded. But pharma is not interested in a second repeat study if the first study shows some marginal benefit. And the old guard dinosaur professors at the NIH are set in their ways. I mean, we saw a little glimpse of that during covid, a group of SE doctors in their seventies and eighties deciding what's gonna get research and what's not. And it turns out there is no research funding for natural immunity or vaccine complications or actually study the effectiveness of cloth masks or even require a clinical trial on covid vaccine boosters. So they weaponized research and it's a much bigger problem beyond covid.


I don't talk about covid much in the book, it's too tribal. People are sick of it, but this is a peak into a broader medical establishment. Maybe we need to talk about treating more diabetes with cooking classes instead of just throwing insulin at people. Maybe we need to talk about school lunch programs, not just putting every kid on ozempic. Maybe we need to talk about environmental exposures that cause cancer, not just the chemo. To treat it. We need to talk about food as medicine and general body inflammation and the microbiome. Well, that's Dr. Marty McCarey. His brand new book Blind Spots is available September 17th. Dr. McCarey, great to talk to you as always. Great to see you. thanks Ben.


Alright guys, coming up, we'll get to the Federal Reserve set to cut rates. How much are they gonna cut? If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Take Those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say out racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert, here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never been too careful. They gonna say you racist. IN THEATERS, NOW rated PG 13,


Mayflower, Cigars, Where. will the voyage take You? honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars? Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time from dawn to dusk, go to Mayflower Cigars dot com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order Some exclusions. apply


Reasons to vote for Democrats. A comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles is the most exhaustively researched and coherently argued case for the Democratic Party to date. The book is one that Donald Trump himself even called a great book for your reading enjoyment. Plus, it's a must have addition to any political observer's coffee table. Head over to Daily Wire dot com slash shop to get your copy today. Warning this book is intentionally left blank. Side effects for voting Democrat may include feelings of hopelessness, depression, anxiety, and reduced testosterone, increased crime, higher taxes, rampant abortions, and a strained relationship with your father.