
Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts. Like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


Well, folks, Kamala Harris has now accepted the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. A nomination she earned by and also by do and also well, so here's the thing. Kamala Harris' entire campaign comes down to one word bull. It's all just bull. That's all. That's what it was last night. She has no policies. She apparently didn't exist before last night. It's amazing. She, someone struck the ground and up she popped from the ground in a haze of smoke. And there she was fully formed, but without any positions. You see, she's not been vice president of the United States. She's not responsible for a single thing that has happened for the last three and a half years.


In fact, the last three and a half years where a figment of your imagination, none of it has happened. The actual president of the United States right now today is Donald Trump. And he must be ousted 'cause he's the incumbent. We need a change. That's the thing that Kamala Harris is here to tell you. And the way to change horses right now is to leave the exact same horse. That's, that's the way to do it. But she remember, she wasn't a liberal senator. She wasn't the most liberal senator in the United States that ever happened. That didn't exist, none of it. Kamala Harris is here to bring us forward, not backward. Up, not down. She just gave a speech last night that was CODOs from Tree House of Horror from The Simpsons.


You can literally substitute in quotations from a periodical alien who inhabited the body of Bill Clinton in The Simpsons in 1996. And it sounds exactly like Kamala Harris because we are now a country beyond parody. Here is Kamala Harris. Last night, My fellow American, as a young boy, I dreamed of being a baseball. But tonight I say we must move forward, not backward, upward, not forward. And always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom. That was Kamala Harris last night.


And that was the crowd reception. And according to the media, it was just unbelievable. Unbelievable. And I, I got guys, they, they, they've run out of lube@amazon.com for the media. It's all gone. They bought out the entire stock for the next five years because they're all, Jeffrey tubing themselves over the magic of a woman who is a terrible politician, who is pretty good at speaking off the teleprompter, but saying nothing that is the most she, she's amazing apparently. So David Rothkoff, who is allegedly a columnist for The Daily Beast, I just wanna read you what this human actually wrote. And he should be ashamed of himself because any self-respecting human should not write words like these.


But here is what he wrote about Kamala Harris. Quote, they saved the best for last in a week of speechmaking like none of us have ever seen in our lifetimes with one barn burning or heart tugging or inspiring address after another. Electrifying the crowd at the Democratic National Convention. The biggest question confronting Kamala Harris before she took the stage for the final keynote of the event was How can she top all that? How do you top the fire of a OC? The resonance of Hillary Clinton, the eloquence of Pete Buttigieg, the love filled words of Doug Emh, the gut-wrenching testimony of the women who had suffered due to Donald Trump's assault on their fundamental rights and bodily autonomy. The trip to church on which Reverend Raphael Warnock and then Democratic minority leader Hakeem Jeffries, took the crowd. Oprah Winfrey's searing surprise address the heartbreaking personal stories of gun violence.


It just goes on like this for paragraphs and paragraphs and paragraphs. Michelle Obama described it as magic. Everyone spoke of the joy that lifted everyone's remarks even more effectively and consistently and higher than even the expertly crafted playlist that accompanied the ceremonial roll call on Tuesday night. All of it rose to a crescendo. That itself was cap capping off the most remarkable month of spontaneous nationwide momentum building in US political history. By spontaneous they mean completely planned by the Democratic Party and its media allies, which meant that for the vice President, the pressure was on. Could she be worthy of the week of praise? Could she live up to the expectations? She did it even if she did not reach the highest highs of the Obama's remarks or the emotional depth plumbed by a simple cutaway from Tim Walls to his son G, she delivered not only the speech of her life on Thursday night, she delivered one that in substance tone and historical significance surpassed all those that came before her during this week that would've had Daniel Webster sitting up and taking notes.


M my God, dude, smoke a cigarette. Calm down. Woo. So that was the media's response to Kamala Harris's speech. But here is the thing. There's nothing there. It's all a lie. She's the vice president of the United States. Inflation has been at 40 year highs. We are in the midst of two major world Conflagrations, one in the Middle East, one in Ukraine. Her administration has presided over both. She was the last person in the room when the United States decided under Joe Biden to pull out of Afghanistan and leave them billions of dollars in US military hardware as well as abandoning thousands of US allies to be murdered by the Taliban. As well as abandoning 19 million Afghan women to be stuffed back into bags and back into basements.


As well as getting 13 American troops killed at Abbey Gate. She was the last person in the room. She owns this economy. She owns this foreign policy. She owns the social breakdown over which she has presided. But we're supposed to pretend that she is just brand spanking new, just fresh outta the package. This is the thing if you buy it's audacious. It's an audacious move. I will grant them that it is audacious to take a woman who has been a senator from California and the vice president of the United States for the last three years and pretend that she has had nothing to do with anything that is happening in the country right now. She's literally being put on foreign phone calls with the President of the United States with foreign leaders today and yesterday and the day before.


But apparently she has nothing to do with the policy. Why? It's magic, it's incredible. And here's the thing, nobody in the Democratic party cares. They don't care because they like Joe Biden's policies. They don't care about the fact that she hasn't defined herself. They love the fact that she has not defined herself. That's the feature, not the bug. Kamala Harris has literally nothing here. Nothing. She has nothing to do with what's going on in the country. It's vibes, it's magic.


And you know what? You might need some vibes and magic of your own. And that is why I am bringing you behold this incredible candle. Yes, that's right, A Shapiro candle. It's the thing you never knew you needed. It's the all new facts. Don't care about your feelings Candle collection. It's available right now from The Candle Club. You can go to The Candle Club dot com. Join now for exclusive perks including 20% OFF, a founding membership, a free founders box valued at 115 bucks, 20% off all candles and exclusive access to members only sends These candles are free of toxic ingredients and woke ideology. Unlike the big brands out there, they're safe for the whole family. There are limited quantities of these exclusive member boxes. So get yours before they're gone. Head on over to The Candle Club dot com today. And behold the sweet scent of Fact. Yes. And that now I just have to wait for all of this to to clear and then I can get back to the show. So hold it. Alright, now I can get back to this.


Now, as I've been very frustrated by, you can tell again as I've been saying all week, it's very frustrating to be gaslit. It's very frustrating to be told that we are supposed to simply close our eyes and vote for a person based on vibes. That is not what politics is. Politics is about how people exercise power over your life. That's what politics is. It is not about vibe checks. It is not about being brat. It is not about dancing with ghost Beyonce who didn't show up last night. It's not about any of those things. It is about what she's gonna do with power. And we know exactly what she's gonna do with power. And we know exactly what Trump's gonna do with power. This is the part that's insane. Donald Trump. They keep saying Donald Trump. Oh, Donald Trump. He got mentioned hundreds of times at the DNC.


They mentioned Israel, I believe one time from the stage the entire time. They mentioned Ukraine a couple of times. They never mentioned Afghanistan. They mentioned inflation a few times, but they really didn't mention anything political. It was just Trump all the way up and all the way down. And if you believe what they have to say, Donald Trump is an incipient dictator. And that's the thing that matters most. Here's the thing, we know precisely how Donald Trump will govern 'cause he did it last time. And you know what? It was pretty good. And we know precisely how Kamala Harris would govern 'cause she's there. Now I know we're supposed to pretend that's not true, but it is. She's the sitting vice president of the United States. They want it both ways. It's making me insane it. You cannot have it both ways. You can't. She was shoehorned into the presidential nomination because she's the vice president.


You cannot then pretend she has no association with the Biden Harris administration, that she's a brand new creation and they churned her out of the Uru Kai machine. They pulled her out of the earth and then they glossed her up. And now she's magical and brand new. You can't do that. That's not how it works. But apparently they think that this is how it works. It's outrageous. It truly is. It's insulting to the American people. Senator Catherine Cortes Masto, who's a confidant of the vp. She told the journalist Philip Wegman over at Real Clear Politics. Quote, we need to continue to ensure we are flexible when it comes to solving the problems of this country. The question was if she was attacking to the center Harris. So the answer is we're not gonna give you any answers on policy.


None. Zero zip, zilch. And guess what? For Democrats, that's just fine. They're fine with vibes all the way down. 'cause here's the thing, the Democrats trust their own party. There is a big difference between Republican voters and democratic voters. Democratic voters know that they can vote for pretty much anyone and that person will then implement an extremely left-wing agenda. They're just trying to hide it from the rest of America. And they've been doing a good job at that over at the, at the DNC, right? They're waving American flags, which is something you haven't seen at many Democratic events for a very long time. American flags we've been told are racist and xenophobic. They spoke a lot about freedom. By freedom, by the way, they meant abortion. They meant gay pride parades. They meant genderqueer. For fifth graders, they meant gun control.


These are the things that they meant by freedom. I'm not even making that up. Those are all things that Kamala Harris cited while talking about freedom in America in her speech. Okay? So they, they hijacked the term freedom. They hijacked the American flag. They talk about how they want a tax cut for middle class Americans while simultaneously talking about revoking Donald Trump's tax cuts, which were a tax cut for 91% of Americans. By the way, the after effect of the Trump tax cut is the top 1% paid more of the net tax in the United States than they did before. So they're, they're just pretending that they are kind of moderate Republicans kind of, when in reality they are radical Democrats and they're lying about it here, for example. And, and Democrats don't care it, it doesn't matter to them.


It's all just a popularity contest. Here are Democrats at the DNC. They were asked a very simple question. Name it your favorite Kamala Harris policy. Now if you ask me that about Donald Trump, I can name me half a dozen right off the top of my head. I can talk about his Supreme Court pick. I can talk about his Middle Eastern policy. I can talk about his tax cuts. I can talk about his regulatory policy. I can talk about all those things. They can't name a thing a thing 'cause it's totally unimportant. It's all just vibes. It's about you are a good person if you vote for the Democrats. If you vote for twirling toward the future, then you're a good person. And if you vote for Donald Trump, it's 'cause you're a very bad, mean, terrible, deplorable person. That is the end pitch. Here are Democrats at the DNC failing to be able to name a single Kamala Harris policy. What's your favorite policy of Kamala?


That's a hard One. What's your favorite policy of Kamala? Her being president. That's your favorite policy position. Oh yeah. How so? 'cause it covers everything that she defend. I am really excited for her to restore reproductive rights across America. How do you think she'll go about doing that? I don't know. What a fun Question. I don't know. I have picking and choosing. I mean, I really like most of 'em. So you have to look at it broadly. Right? We, it it's, it's, it's about what she stands for right now. What's your favorite of Kamala's policies?


I'm Trying to think. Well, actually more of like, well, you know what Waltz comes in, All of her policies, everything from my I'm, I'm non-binary. And, and so all of the policies for basic human rights, rights to have our own bodies and do with them as we please, you know, Her willingness to move forward on affordable healthcare. How Do you think she'll do that as president? I think she'll work to motivate the legislature to vote in favor of it As like her as a person. Just like tops out any policy Mm mm Her as a person tops out any policy. And that is exactly what they are selling. So Democrats are selling a pack of lies.


It's all about Kamala the person. It's not about the policy. Do not pay attention to the policy. They're not the only ones selling lies. If you've been following along, you know that after my testimony to Congress, the Global Alliance of Responsible Media, better known as GM, was recently disbanded. This lying shadowy coalition of big tech ad agencies and major brands have been working behind the scenes to demonetize conservative media in the name of brand safety or some such nonsense. The discontinuation of Gar RM is a major win for The, Daily, Wire, and other conservative outlets. Our fight is far from over so long as I'm around, there will always be other coalitions like Gar rm who are dedicated to silencing dissenting opinions. Why not cut them off at the source?


This is where Express VPN comes in. This is how you can help. When you use Express VPN, you're giving big tech and their ad partners the slip. Your internet activity is completely anonymized. Your data is encrypted. They cannot track your online behavior. They can't use your data to fuel their censorship initiatives. I love Express VPN because it's such a simple, easy way to fight back. Just download that app, tap one button, and you're now protected. It's not just about privacy anymore, folks. It's about fighting back against digital authoritarianism. While we at The, Daily Wire continue to fight those battles, you can join the fight from home. Stop handing over your data to companies that want to silence conservative voices. Take a stand for your own digital freedom. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. That's XPR ESS vpn.com/ben. Get three extra months for free with my exclusive link ExpressVPN dot com slash ben.


And they're not taking any blame for anything. So Kamala Harris's top advisor, gene Sperling. He was on Fox News with Neil Cavuto and Cavuto asked him about, you know, Kamala Harris and does she own any of the inflation problems of the last four years since she's the vice President of the United States? And was the deciding vote on the so-called Inflation Reduction Act. Does she own any of it? And Gene Spurling's like, no man, she's got vibe. She's so brat. Is it possible that this administration should take some blame for the double digit runup in food prices alone? Any blame at all? Do you accept any blame? Should she accept any blame for that? I, no. I think overwhelmingly what people are seeing is that the United States got through the recovery with greater jobs, greater growth.


The global inflation that you talk about happened everywhere in the world. Well, I, I noticed that you will take credit for zero of her actual policies. Zero. Now the reality is that the kind of lie that they were propagating inside the Democratic National Convention Hall, which Tim Walls is sort of a Midwestern moderate Kamala Harris. She's a hard charging, tough on the board of prosecutor who worked at McDonald's one time, Barack and Michelle Obama. They're just a charming couple uninterested in power and totally interested in public service and unity. All of these lies were belied by what was going on outside the convention hall. And the uncommitted actually try the uncommitted are a group of people who have decided that they hate Joe Biden and Kamala Harris because they won't just side with Hamas already.


They actually formed a human chain inside the DNC last night in an attempt to prevent delegates from getting down to the floor. See Spider now, see Spider now. So it turns out they can't sing or understand basic politics. Vivek Ram Swami then went outside a former presidential candidate. He went outside the DNC where he was effectively physically assaulted by all the protesters that Joe Biden says, has a point Right now you're outside the DNC. That's right. He just came from somewhere else. Tell us what happened. Yeah, so that was outside of the protests outside the DNC. It was, it was pretty wild places.


Go, go places go. But I wanted to first of all show up because I believe in practicing what I preach. I believe in free speech, whether or not you agree with me, whether or not you like me, you have the right to speak your mind as long as it's peaceful. I don't know what exactly happened at the end there. One of my favorite exchanges was, first of all, buying with US dollars. Although they accept Venmo as well. Some of this communist literature from this guy communist, the party of the next American Revolution has been founded. Kind of interesting. Will you actually read it? Yeah, I planned it. I mean, yeah, I don't know about cover to cover, but I'll take a look at what he has to say.


Okay. Again, this is what's happening outside the convention. And the truth is that is the spirit inside the convention. They're just hiding it. It's all a lie. It's all a lie. Platitudes, bumper stickers and tiny American flags for all that is the shtick. That's the shtick. And they gloss over that with some celebrity. And they gloss over that with a bunch of talk about how Donald trump's a big meanie, who's super mean and mean and orange. And then they expect you to vote for that. The question in this election is, are you stupid? That's the question in this election. It's not about Kamala Harris, it's not about Donald Trump. It's are you a stupid person because they think you're stupid. They think you're so stupid that you are just going to bow down before a candidate because of her intersectional qualifications by pretending that she has no record and no positions.


Are you dumb enough to believe the Obama 2.0 lie? Now here's the thing. You could have believed the Obama 1.0 lie. 'cause it was the first time somebody had tried it after all. Barack Obama campaign is a great unifier. No red states, no blue states, just the United States. And he was a historic, a historic coming together of black and white in his very own personage. And then it turned out he was a radical leftist, a Chicago machine politician who had lied about all of his supposedly moderate beliefs and then flipped them at the first sign of power. And so when you come about it the second time, and it turns out that you have a not particularly gifted politician who's failed upward every step of the way and now has been elevated into a nomination that she did not earn any step of the way.


But she has a very long record as the vice President of the United States right now, are you stupid enough to believe that she's a blank screen upon which you can project all of your hopes and dreams? Are you stupid enough to think that? Now listen, I get it. If you hate Donald Trump enough and you just wanna vote against Donald Trump, alright, nothing I can do for you. But if you are a quote unquote undecided voter, or you're somebody who prides yourself on actually caring about policy, if you love what Biden's doing, fine, just say it. Just say you love what Biden's doing, and that's fine, I get it. But don't pretend Kamala Harris is anything different than that. 'cause that's exactly what she is. Only more so. And she's a liar about every single one of her policy positions all the time forever. So if you fall for that, I don't have to call you except for an idiot.


You have to be dumb to fall for that. And that's not every Kamala Harris voter. But if you're somebody who's actually sitting, like maybe she is a moderate, maybe she is a great unifier. Maybe she is an inspirational figure who has has sprung up as of this very moment. Brands spanking shiny new. If you believe that crap, you're either a member of the media, a member of the Democratic Party, or you're a sucker. That's all that can be said. Okay? So the Democrats last night, they tried their usual combination. It was actually the worst night of the DNC. So the first night of the DNC was not particularly great for them 'cause they had to deal with Joe Biden, but they dealt with it pretty well because they shoved the old man past midnight. Like, we're gonna make that old bastard stay up past his bedtime, like well past his bedtime.


And then he'll stagger off into the distance and we will shove him off to California and bury him in a shallow grave somewhere. So that at least achieved its purpose. Night two, of course was Obama night. And so that was magic. 'cause the Democrats love them. Some Obama said, Michelle, they had Barack, they had pizazz. It was awesome. And then you had night three, and that was Tim Walls giving a bit of a barn burner speech. But he wasn't the only barn burner speech that night. They had some surprises. It was really well produced. And then you had the final night of the D nnc and the final night of a D nnc was a giant let down. It was a giant let down for a couple of reasons. One Kamala Harris reading OFF a teleprompter just, ain't that interesting? It ain't, I know they're trying to make her into a great order. She's not.


She can read passively. Well, OFF a teleprompter. And I understand that the standards for reading OFF, a teleprompter have now dropped dramatically. I mean really dramatically. Because the two party candidates before Kamala Harris are Donald Trump who hates teleprompters and literally wants you strangle every teleprompter he meets. He'll start reading a speech and then he'll be like, I don't like what he'll argue with the teleprompter. It'll say you in the teleprompter. Like the economy is the most ipo, is it? Is it teleprompter? I don't believe you. He'll just go off and do whatever he wants to do. And ramble for 98 minutes at the, at the Republican National Convention and Joe Biden, who looked as though the teleprompter was a potential murderer. And every time it put words there, he would try to botch the words. It would say, we're gonna fight inflation and be like, we're gonna, we're gonna eat inflation.


So Kamala Harris, reading OFF a teleprompter is apparently some sort of magnificent skill, but overall kind of boring. 40 minutes of pretty boring Pap uninspiring is not Barack Obama levels of uplift. And you could feel the manufacturing, the enthusiasm from the Democrats didn't feel super manufactured the first three nights. It felt really manufactured last night. Like really, really manufactured. All of this enthusiasm is manufactured. You know, it is not manufactured. The fear Americans feel about crime in the United States under the auspices of Democrats. Well, here is the thing. If you are concerned about crime, securing the safety of your family is more crucial than ever.


Now listen, I love the Second Amendment. I own multiple firearms, but the thought of using lethal force in my home, well know if I've got another option, I'd like to try it. That's why you need to check out Burna. Introducing the Burna Un Gunn, the non-lethal Self-defense platform. Lightweight, simple to use. It uses an easy to load five round magazine. It's powered by an eight gram CO2 cartridge burn Launchers fire, a 68 caliber chemical fill projectile using patented pull pierce technology where the CO2 canister is only punctured on the first trigger pole. Meaning your launcher is always at the ready. It's capable of incapacitating an attacker for over 30 minutes. It's accurate and effective at over 60 feet. No permits. No background checks. It is interstate travel friendly. With Berna, you'll be prepared to defend the burna is a safer, more sensible alternative that could potentially save lives on both sides, protecting both user and aggressor. Visit burnout.com/ben for 10% off your purchase. That's BYR na.com/ben. Check out the latest news about Burna. That's BYR na.com/ben.


So they're supposed to bring out their celebrities and they had pitched that they had a secret surprise, celebrity And. everybody was like, oh my God, is it gonna be Beyonce singing Freedom again? Or alternatively, if you like Beyonce and you're a Democrat, oh my God, is Beyonce gonna sing Freedom? Oh, that's, oh, and then there was like, maybe it'll be Taylor Swift. Yeah, Taylor's, whoa. There's a lot of that crap going on. And meanwhile, in the back room, it turns out they had not secured Beyonce. They had not secured anyone. It turns out the special guest was Leon Panetta. I'll always remember where I was. One person put it on Twitter, always remember where I was when Leon Panetta was the special guest at the DNC. So they had two other minor musical acts show up.


They had the chicks show up to sing the national anthem. I, I guess that we're just playing like the 1999 hits here. So they're no longer the Dixie Chicks, as you'll recall, they changed their name to the chicks because Dixie is apparently racist. So they went with the chicks as opposed to the Dixie chicks, or as the Democrats usually like the chicks with, so they, they just went with the chicks instead. So here they were singing the national anthem. So patriotic, of course, they really only globally famous because they ripped into George W. Bush and talked about how America kind of sucked. But here they, again, the shift in time from the Democrats constantly the shift from John. They, they do it all the time. John Kerry, going from my fellow troops taped electrodes to generals and, and they, and they shocked Vietcong soldiers and they tortured and raped women in eight years to I'm drawn Karen, I'm reporting for duty.


Like the, the amazing switch from radical anti patriotism to pseudo patriotism in the Democratic Party. It's always a head scratcher. The Dixie Chicks here, they were last night doing their routine, but they're the chicks now. Sorry, not the Dixie Chicks, Dixie's racist. These are just three liberal white ladies Who say, can you see by the what So proud we Dog t. Alright, so they brought out the checks. That was like a ba wow. Whoa. And so many American flags. So many American flags. See, they don't hate America anymore. This is the rule for Democrats when they think they're winning America's awesome, when they think they're losing.


America is a hellscape horrible place. And you should, you should hate it. It's a bad place. Founded in racism, built on slavery, and all the rest. Remember the current presidential candidate for the Democratic party tried to bail rioters out of prison on the premise that America is deeply, systemically racist. She's a black woman who's been elevated to the presidential nomination without a single vote ever in that process. But America a super racist and terrible place. And then pink came forward and I, I did have to check with my producers because again, I'm now of the older generation. I'm 40. And so I remember pink from when I was in high school. So I was asking like, is she still relevant? Has she done anything recently?


And they're like, nah, who is she? So again, this is all kind of millennial, gen X throwback material kind of. So here, here is Pink, who I suppose is still a singer of some sort. We can sing. Inspiring. Oh boy, Oh Boy, you know what? You know who those people were? Not Beyonce. Not, not Beyonce, I noticed. So that's, that's Grace.


So their celebrities were the chicks and Pink. And I gotta say like, the lack of Beyonce was noticeable. It was, I know that they want to like gloss right over that or say, Hey, we suckered you, you were watching to find out if Beyonce was gonna come out. She didn't. But you watched Kamala, didn't you? Like if you're gonna claim that you can draw Beyonce, you probably should, you know, bring her out at some point. So I think that if you're gonna make the celebrity pitch like that, don't don't over promise and underdeliver and the d nnc night four was in a wild over promise, under deliver. The theme of the night, of course, was never, ever say anything about Kamala Harris' policies. Ever, ever, ever. So we got a lot of family time. We got Mina Harris, who is her sister, and Ella Emh Hof, who is her non-ad adopted daughter.


The daughter of, of Doug Mh and Helena Hudlin, who is her goddaughter. A a gender diverse crew. To, to explain just how magical Kamala Harris is actually Mina, I'm sorry, Mina's not her sister. Mina is, Mina is what her niece, I mean, I believe Mina is her niece. So Mina is her niece Ella Mh, who's the weirdly tattooed, strangely pro kamas daughter of Doug Emh h who's, you know, the stepdaughter, but I don't think she was actually adopted by Kamala Harris. She calls her Momah whatever. And Helena Hudlin, who is her goddaughter, they, they all came out to talk about what a magical person Kamala Harris was.


Hi, I'm Mina. I'm Ella. And I'm Helena. She taught me that making a difference means giving your whole heart and taking action. She's fighting for economic opportunity, LGBTQ plus equality and reproductive freedom because we are not going back. She's fighting for Social justice toward the future, Justice, Environmental justice. And she isn't alone. We're all in this fight together. So let's keep up the fight. Let's keep up the joy And let's elect this extraordinary woman as our next president.


You feeling it? Rural white men from the rust belt. You feeling it? You're feeling it. White guys in rural America, you're feeling all that. You're feeling the joy, you're feeling the diversity. It's just great.


Now here's the thing. If you listen to the show, you're a proud American. You're not, not like one of these people waving a flag at the Democratic Party Convention for abortion or something. You actually like the country. That's one reason you should rely on My. Patriot Supply, their mega three, Month Emergency Food Kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling in delicious foods. Not only does that include creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti and savory cheesy broccoli soup, you'll also get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken chunks, and three varieties of beans, plus nine different fruits, veggies, and snacks. All in all, this emergency food kit provides a whopping 2,500 calories per day to keep you well fed and ready for anything. The way I see it, it's our solemn duty as Americans to protect our families without waiting on handouts. That starts with food you can depend on for up to 25 years. Go to prepare with ben.com right now. Save 300 bucks on your mega three Month Emergency Food Kit. It ships fast and free. Go to prepare with ben.com. Save 300 bucks on your kit. That's prepare with ben.com. Listen, whether you're living in California and you have to worry about earthquakes or Florida and you have to worry about hurricanes, it pays to prepare, go to prepare with ben.com. Save 300 bucks on your kit today. That's prepare with ben.com.


Okay, then they decided they were gonna bring forth some politicians. So this is just, I will never get over the fact that Democratic Party keeps trotting out Al Sharpton. I will never get over this fact. Al Sharpton is the worst race grifter of the last 50 years in the United States. He is one of the most despicable people in American public life in the last half century. He got his major career started by smearing a prosecutor as a rapist in a fake rape case. He then participated in not one but two initiations of riots in New York City. He's lied about every major racial issue for the last 50 years. And they're still trotting him out as your respected voice. It is pathetic that they keep trotting out Al Sharpton, the race grifter of all race grifters.


So they trotted him out anyway 'cause they had to. So here's Al Sharpton yesterday saying that Trump cooked up votes in Georgia. Here we go. All I ever heard from Donald Trump was how he couldn't get an advantage. I see one candidate who wants to protect the right to vote while the other has tried to cook up 11,000 votes in Georgia. Yeah, she's protecting the right to vote. All right. Remember how many votes she got in the primaries? Zero. And then in the primary races before zero. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Also, according to Al Sharpton, Kamala Harris is committed to making government work, which is weird 'cause it doesn't work. And she's been the vice president for the last three years and she was the senator for years before that.


So I feel like if she wanted to make government work, maybe she should have done something about that. In every job she's had, she has consistently committed to making government work. This is so untrue. But those of us who've been disadvantaged, so Untrue, All Donald Trump has been consistent about, is making himself richer and sowing division to get that done. Donald Trump is the only candidate in modern American history who did not become significantly richer after leaving office. The only one, Donald Trump was richer before he became president than after being President. Barack Obama had zero monies before he became president of the United States. And now that dude is worth an excess of a hundred million dollars.


Bill Clinton was poor as dirt until he became governor of Arkansas and then president of the United States. And now that dude is worth a hundred million dollars. Kamala Harris, are you kidding me? She's used government to benefit. Really? She let a thousand criminals out of jail in California just to avoid a ding on her political career. 'cause it turns out that somebody in the crime lab was misusing cocaine that was stacked in the evidence locker. So instead of actually prosecuting cases and re-going through them or anything, just released all the criminals. Kamala Harris is one of the most corrupt and venal politicians that is in American public life. But she's committed to making government work. Al Sharpton did get a little racist. And by that I mean he mispronounced Kamala's name we're not allowed to do this.


Well, I I mean, they're allowed to do it, right? I mean, and by they, I mean Democrats, Democrats are allowed, like Bill Clinton did it. Al Sharpton did it. Not racist. Nancy Mace does it. Super duper pooper, scooper racist. Here's Al Sharpton. Kamala Harris Kamala. No, it's, I've been told it's Kamala. Stop it. Kamala, what kind of, what kind of white supremacist would say something like that? Just, just awful. Al Sharpton. Just awful. Hey, then they brought out Mark Kelly, a rejected vice presidential nominee and senator from Arizona suggesting that the world laughs at Trump. Which is weird because Iran clearly wants Kamala Harris to be president of the United States.


I mean, clearly, obviously here is Senator Mark Kelly, who increasingly looks like Gollum. I'm not sure it's happening over here. The world laughs at Trump, literally. But folks, it is not funny. When he was president, that meant the world was laughing at us. The threats we face are too serious. The sacrifices our service members make are too sacred. The alliances we've spent decades building are too critical.


That's what's at stake now. Yeah. I mean, if you listen to that, what you'd imagine is that Kamala Harris is like a really hawkish foreign policy beast. That she's amazing with our allies. That she's, has a tremendous foreign policy record. She's gonna stop the world from laughing at us. 'cause we're gonna be tough as nails. She's the vice president to Joe Biden. What the hell? Just the lies. The lies lies. So many lies. So overproduced, Gretchen Whitmer was brought forth another rejected vice presidential candidate from Michigan, and she says that Kamala Harris has lived a life like ours. I don't know, I didn't like, I didn't have sex with upper level politicians or make my political way. I, I feel like she's not lived a life quite like mine.


I feel like there are very few respects in which she has lived a normal life. Kamala Harris, did you grow up in Montreal? Gang? Were, were you a person who was elevated to your first political position by a person you were sleeping with who was also married at the time? Did, did you make your way up on the political chain by being elevated through failure over and over and over again on the basis of your race and sex? Because I feel like that's not the way most people made their way in the United States, but she's lived a life just like yours. You know, she, she's a normie. She's totally normal. She's the most normal person who has ever normal. I defy you to name a normal thing about Kamala Harris. Seriously. Like look at her life story and tell me what's the normal thing about Kamala Harris? Like what is, and here I'm not talking about kinda generic normal gimme like statistical norm.


What, what falls within the statistical norm for Kamala Harris other than once failing the California bar? Here we go. She's lived a life like ours. She knows us. In what way? Donald Trump Doesn't know you at all. You think he understands that when your car breaks down, you can't get to work? No. His first word was probably chauffeur Growing up. Rich is bad guys. It's Real bad. Do you think he's ever had to take items out of the cart before checking out? Hell you think he's ever been to a grocery store?


Well, here's the thing. We have all been to grocery stores. That's what The chauffeur is for. We have all been to grocery stores and you know what we noticed? Things are really expensive there because of you, because of this administration, because of Kamala Harris, do I give a shit that Kamala Harris has been to a grocery store? You know what? I care a lot more about that. Everyone I know is paying way more for groceries. That's what I care mostly about. Also, I, I'm, I'm really tired of this crap that if you grew up impoverished, that grants you some additional layer of virtue, okay? And this is coming from somebody. I did not grow up rich. Okay? I know that the common sense is that if you're a Republican in the United States, then this meant that you grew up rich. That is a lie.


It is not true. In fact, if the founders of this company two grew up pretty much dirt poor and one grew up middle to lower middle class, hey, that, that does not grant additional virtue. I know people who grew up rich, who are wonderful. I know people who are poor, who are terrible people. I know people who are rich, who are terrible people. And I know people who are poor, who are wonderful people. This kind of, well, Donald Trump grew up in the heart of luxury, therefore, he's evil. Well, how about the Obama kids? Are they also evil? Because I don't think they've ever been to a grocery store. Like how, how parasite they are. We supposed to work this, the, the bifurcated nature of Democrats on wealth is really something to see. You have Tim Walls, who's ripping on the millionaires and the billionaires the other night, posing with Alex Soros, the son of George Soros, a cradle billionaire.


I mean, like, it's all, it's all just hypocrisy and crap. It's stupid. It really is. I'm not a more virtuous person today. 'cause I grew up in an 1100 square foot home in Burbank, California sharing a bedroom with three sisters, six people, one bathroom like that. That does not make me more virtuous. You know what I care about? What is she gonna do as president? Do we ever get to that anywhere in here? And the answer of course is no. But what we do know, according to Gretchen Whitmore, Kamala is a badass. She's a badass. Not like Willie Brown means it like, she's like, she's cool In a crisis. We need someone strong enough to come up with a plan. Oh, good God, To tell the truth and to bring, bring people together right now before the crisis is when we get to choose.


Why wouldn't we choose the leader who's tough, tested, and a total badass? She's not tough. She is not tested, and she's certainly not a total badass. None of those things are true. Name me a thing, one thing, a thing that she has done that says any of these things. One thing ever, she had to shive her boss directly in the stomach in order to obtain her current position. She has never done anything that, she didn't even do it, by the way, is Nancy Pelosi, she's not tough. She's not ready. She's a joke. And you guys are trying to foist a joke down the throats of the American people on the basis of vibes. It's pathetic. Okay? When we get to Kamala Harris's actual speech, which was just uninspiring pap all the way through, designed to hide her policy, of course.


First, let me tell you about my friend Dr. Jordan B. Peterson has a new five part series here at Daily. Wire Plus. It is awesome. It's called Foundations of the West. It's really important. I had the privilege of joining Jordan and other scholars as we explored three pivotal cities that shaped government, religion, and freedom. Jerusalem, Athens, and Rome. It's a beautifully made series. It's deep thinking, it's great conversations. The whole journey is mind blowing. The first two episodes are live right now over at Daily Wire Plus. New episodes Premier every Sunday. Here's the catch. It is exclusive to Daily Wire Plus members. So if you're already a Daily, Wire Plus member, start watching right now. And if you're not a member, we're gonna take care of that. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe right now and use Code Jordan and get 35% off. You'll get unlimited access to Jordan's content to on-demand. We have tons of Jordan Peterson content. If you didn't know that, now's the time to join. Join now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and use code Jordan.


Also, this Sunday we'll be releasing a brand new episode of the Sunday special with my friend Spencer Clavin. Spencer is a scholar, writer, and podcaster. He graduated from Yale, earned his doctorate in ancient Greek literature from Oxford. In this episode, we dive into his new book, light of the Mind, light of the World releasing October 1st, plus his journey with Jordan Peterson in Athens. Here's a bit of the trailer, Obviously, to me, the route forward lies instead in a recovery of our uniqueness as opposed to these machines. What are the things that we do that they don't like? Experience, like see colors, like, feel love. I mean, for a long time we've thought of ourselves as the smartest things in the world that may be changing. But one nice thing about the Bible is it actually never defined humanity as the smartest entities on earth.


It defined us as being in the image of God. And that, to me is a better route forward for recovering what we are and how we can kind of survive and, and even grow into this age of AI and all the other stuff we're discovering. Don't miss this incredible episode of The Sunday Special with Spencer Klavin already. Finally, we get to Kamala Harrison, her big self-introduction to the American people. Now, again, I just find this so pathetic. She's been in American public life for years. I understand you don't watch politics that closely. I understand that you didn't follow her pathetic and quixotic presidential run in 20 19, 20 20.


It was sad to watch. Frankly, she fell apart on the tarmac and then blew up like the Challenger. It was really bad. It was really bad. And then she became vice president and there was story after story about how she was given a glorious new chance and she promptly blew it and became the most, the most unpopular vice president in American history. But now it's time for Kamala Take Three. And Kamala take three is so much better. Why? Because the media have whipped themselves into a lather. My goodness. The media were fluffing themselves for this moment, for months. I mean, just getting themselves absolutely ready to go. And boy, oh boy, did they go? Oh boy. It was ju I mean the, the spectacle of the media.


It is, it is the meme from South Park. That's all I can say about the media reaction to Kamala Harris. In any case, Kamala Harris enters to a giant standing ovation filled with American flags that her supporters will soon be burning in the streets. Here we go. And then Kamala leads off. She said the path that led her here was unexpected. It certainly was for Joe Biden because the path that led her there involved her pushing his wheelchair over to a cliff and going, and off he went.


Oh, clunk down on the rocks below. And there she was the presidential nominee. So America, yeah, Yeah. The path that led me here in recent weeks, no doubt. Unexpected. Yeah, it involved a murder, But I'm no stranger to unlikely journeys. Yeah, I I noticed that one too. Stranger to unlikely journeys. And not everybody could be a 29-year-old DA who was dating the 60-year-old mayor of San Francisco. I, listen, I know the left never wants you to talk about this or mention this or anything, but that's really manipulative, weird Machiavellian and ugly. It is. I'm sorry, you're dating a married man 30 years. You're a senior. I'm sure it was for love. I'm sure it was just a love relationship.


It had nothing to do with him getting you state funded boards, cush jobs that meant nothing. And then propping you up into the DA's office in San Francisco and then helping you with your DA run that actually made you a somewhat national name. I'm sure we're supposed to. She made it on her own guys. She made it right on her own, all on her own. And the pound that led me here was unexpected. It went directly from Willie Brown's bedroom all the way up to murdering the president of the United States. Oh boy. Okay. Then Kamala Harris talks about how she, again, the, the, the recasting of Kamala Harris is amazing. She says Now, okay, so we went from, she was pro open borders, like full scale, pro open borders to decriminalizing illegal immigrant crossings, fighting against federal laws to prevent sanctuary cities.


She raised her hand at the debates when asked if she would decriminalize the, the border crossings illegally. Then she was made the border. She lied about having gone down to the border. 'cause she hadn't, she was caught in that lie. She presided over the worst flood of illegal immigration in history, bar none. Then she claimed she wasn't the borders Czar And. everybody else around her said she wasn't the borders czar. And then last night she said, not only was she the borders czar, she's good at it. I fought against the cartels who traffic in guns and drugs and human beings. No. What the Security of our border and the safety of our communities. What the and what, what 320,000 minors illegal immigrant minors are missing under your administration?


What, What Now what? Okay, then Kamala Harris goes on to talk about Trump because that's really what this campaign is about, right? The campaign's about how trump's a bad orange man who's super bad and super orange and bad. Just consider the power Donald Trump will head and how, and, and how he will misuse it. The iron law of woke projection here that we mentioned the other day from James Lindsay, it never misses because pretty much everything she describes Trump as being willing to do are things that she herself would or has done. Imagine Donald Trump with no guardrails and how he would use the immense powers of the presidency of the United States.


Not to improve your life, not to strengthen our national security, but to serve the only client he has ever had himself. These people, I can't bel it's, it's almost beyond description. Strengthen our national security. Please name the ways in which Joe Biden has strengthened our national security. Anyone, Bueller, she is the vice president of the United States serve only themselves. Name the things she has done that has helped the American people. Quick do it. Name it. Name the thing Joe Biden has done that has helped the American people. Can you, you can't I know who has been helped by Joe Biden's career in politics, his entire family.


They're much richer because Joe Biden was elected senator at the age of 29. All Kamala Harris has is ripping on Trump. But here's the thing. Americans think that the country's headed in the wrong direction under Joe Biden. And it is a majority of Gen Z supports left-wing policies like open borders and socialism. If we don't reach them and change their minds, the country we know and love will be lost forever.


PragerU is the leading nonprofit when it comes to influencing young people. We here at Daily Wire, I've been working closely with PragerU for literally years. They do amazing work. Prager uses educational, entertaining, pro-American videos. Meet young people where they are online and open their minds to the truth. But they need your help. Go to u.com, make a tax deductible donation. Whatever you give right now will be tripled and have three times the impact. Donate 10 bucks, it triples to 30 bucks. Give a hundred bucks, it triples to 300 bucks. PR U is 100% free to everyone with no fees or subscriptions. They don't rely on ads or clickbait headlines. Contrary to what the left says, PR U is not funded by a handful of billionaires. It's funded by people just like you. In order to keep making great content, reaching millions and changing minds, Prager U needs your help. Please make a 100% tax deductible donation@prageru.com today. Your gift will be tripled. Again, that's prager u.com today. Give them your help. They definitely need it and they're doing amazing work. Prager u.com


for Kamala Harris, it's all about what Donald Trump is. Donald Trump is super duper bad. And then she says, you know, you know what he's gonna do is project 2025. Now, let me just say this about the media. They are so disreputable, truly reputable. Kamala Harris has not herself distanced herself from any of her formal proposals. Banning fracking the Green New Deal, nationalized healthcare, getting rid of private healthcare insurance. She, she's not done any of those things on a personal level. But they've immediately dissociated her, not only from her past positions, but also from her current position as vice president of the United States. Then the entire Democratic party keeps saying over and over that Donald Trump is Project 2025 Despite. The fact that Trump himself has not only said that he's not in favor of Project 2025, the Heritage Foundation basically laid off the head of project 2025.


But they can stop, won't stop. In fact, the only policy positions that appear on Kamala Harris's webpage, our project 2025. So here she was saying that Trump will do Project 2025 Despite. The fact that he has said overtly and many times he would not. Here's the thing. We know exactly what Donald Trump's administration would look like. On the good side, excellent Supreme Court justices, lower taxes, higher economic growth, lower rates of inflation, strong national security, solidifying alliances on the foreign front, devolution of authority back to the states with regard to things like education and social policy. On the negative side, he's gonna spend too much money and he's gonna tweet a lot of stuff. Those are the things we know about Donald Trump's presidency. Why? Because that's exactly what he did the first time.


And it was pretty good. You know what we know about Kamala Harris? According to her, nothing but in reality, everything. She's been the fucking president of the United States for the last three and a half years. They're trying to disappear your brain here. But here she is saying that Donald Trump is a threat. He's such a threat. He's the biggest threat. He's such a, oh God, here we go. We know what a second Trump term would look like. It's all laid out in project 2025, written by his closest advisors. And its sum total is to pull our country back to the past. But America, we are not going back. We're not going, they're they're twirling to the future guys.


They're twirling, twirling, twirling to the future. They're also apparently charting a way forward for the middle class. It does not involve middle class people having better jobs, better pay lower inflation. It involves her saying it. If she says it, it magically manifests. She's of elected a Marianne Williamson School of Politics. If you think it, it manifests, Ooh, here we go with her middle class plan. By plan, I mean she's gonna say a sentence that means nothing. We are charting a new way forward. Yeah, forward, Forward. Stop saying forward. It's so annoying. Future. You go backwards. Sideways. Were they strong, diagonally And growing middle class? Because we know a strong middle class has always been critical to America's success and building that middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency.


Guys, did you get all that? She is gonna build the middle class by saying that growing the middle class is defining goal. That's awesome. You know what my goal would be as president of the United States World Peace, a chicken in every pod, a Ferrari in every driveway. Those are my goals, and that means I will be an amazing president because if I say it, it comes true. Don't be a stupid person. What's her actual policy. What's her actual policy? Our actual policy is that she's gonna shout out about abortion. So this is the real democratic play. The real democratic play is the most important thing in America is that women be allowed to kill babies in their womb. This is the most important thing in America at any level of the pregnancy. By the way, all the way up to birth, all the way up to birth.


And in some cases, yes, some cases past birth because they vote against things like the Born Alive Infant Protection Act, which if a kid is accidentally born during an abortion procedure, they're like, well, maybe you could still kill it or let it die. Here is Kamala Harris talking about the thing that is nearest and dearest to every Democrat's heart, apparently the killing of the unborn. As a part of his agenda, he and his allies would limit access to birth control, ban medication, abortion, and enact a nationwide abortion ban with or without Congress. What? And get this, First of all, that's a lie. He hasn't said anything Remotely like that.


He plans to create a national anti-abortion coordinator and force states to report on women's miscarriages and abortions. In what? What are you talking about? What? Where is she getting this? Simply put, they are out of their minds. Simply put, they're out of their minds. I meanwhile hold this baby in my hand. They're outta their minds, guys. And you know what? We're out in the parking lot aborting babies. Literally. That's reason That is rationality and that is moderation. Amazing stuff.


And then she got to Israel and the Palestinians. This was actually quite interesting. So the Democrats scrupulously for four days avoid saying the word Israel because they're afraid they'd get booed in the conventional hall. And that did happen a little bit. She mentioned Israel and there were booze in the conventional hall from the pro Kamas crowd. So here's what she did. And this was actually clever. I'll give her speech writers credit for this. She said many of the things that pro-ISIS, Israel people want to hear. And then she turned around and said all the things that Pearl Kanick want to hear. It's everything to everyone at the same time. Now the way that you square that circle is you look at her actual policies, the actual policies of the Biden administration, pressure the Israelis at every point necessary at every point. Just keep the pressure on deprive them of weapons.


Have secret back room meetings with the mayor of Dearborn, Michigan. A full scale pro kanick.


You know, it's the hot season down here in Florida and that means that normally I'd be tossing and turning in my bed 'cause it's just hard to find the right temperature. And you got the sheets that aren't breathable and all that Boland branch fixes all of that. Boland branch is here to help you never sleep hot again with sheets that are woven to allow airflow and feel cool and crisp to the touch. Perfect for sleepers who run hot like me, Boland Branch has amazing options for hot sleepers. Choose from 100% organic cotton per kale made with a naturally cooling weave. Or their linen, which is made from European flax to be light, airy, softer than soft. Again, I love a bowl and branch product. It's so good that we literally only use it in the house. It's what keeps me cool during the hot Florida nights. And their stuff is so good that when I go on the road, I literally travel with like a blanket from Bo and Branch. The signature hem sheets from Bo and Branch are bestseller for a reason. These are truly luxury sheets that get softer every time you wash them buttery to the touch. Super breathable. They're perfect for both cooler and warmer weather. Poland branch sheets are loved by millions of sleepers, including us. Obviously they have over 11,005 star reviews. Best of all, Poland Branch gives you a 30 night worry free guarantee, which means you can wash style and sleep in their sheets for an entire month. If you don't love them, you can send them right back with free returns on all us orders. Get your coolest, most comfortable sleep with Bo and Branch. Get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@boandbranch.com slash Ben. That's Bowl and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben for 15% off. And free shipping exclusions applies to you site for details.


And so there's what she said on the stage and then there's what she did. But having it always to all people is apparently the agenda. So what she says about Israel is, is great, it's fine. And then she turns around and what she says about the Palestinians is not great and not fine, but it's all in the same breath because that's who Kamala Harris is. Everything to everyone at all times. We're not supposed to actually ask questions about what this means in practice. And let me be clear, I will always stand up for Israel's right to defend itself. And I'll always ensure Israel has the ability to defend itself because the people of Israel must never again face the horror that a terrorist organization called Hamas caused on October seven, including unspeakable sexual violence and the massacre of young people at a music festival at the same time.


'cause that was one side. That was what has happened in here. We go in Gaza over the past 10 months is devastating. So many innocent lives Lost. You see how uncomfortable she's right now, Desperate, hungry people fleeing for safety over and over again. The scale of suffering is heartbreaking. President Biden and I are working to end this war such that Israel is secure, the hostages are released, the suffering in Gaza ends and the Palestinian people can realize their right to dignity, security, freedom and self-determination.


Why everyone's gonna get everything they've always asked for. There are a few, few obstacles in the way of this particular policy, namely that the Palestinians tried self-determination in 2005 and they elected Kamas. If the Palestinians self-determined today, they would elect Kamas in the West Bank. We're supposed to ignore all of those niceties, of course, in favor of the sort of moral equivalence that Kamas did terrible things to Israel and now terrible things are happening in the Gaza Strip. What she should have said is, as a result of Hamas' activities, she wasn't gonna say that, of course, because she's got to have the baby, which again is, is democratic policy at this point. So her closer was America's extraordinary. It's amazing. It's patriotic, it's wonderful. And again, I take this with a large grain of salt from the same lady who was saying just a few years ago that America's a systemically racist place in which black people can't get ahead because of the latent white supremacy in all America's institutions.


That seems a little at odds with her current messaging. But again, those are the rules. When Democrats are winning, America's awesome when Democrats are losing, it's a white supremacist hell hole. Let's fight for it. Let's get out there, let's vote for it and together let us write the next great chapter in the most extraordinary story ever. Thank you, God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America. So here's the thing, it's actually kinda hard to get up the passion about Kamala Harris because she's really boring. She's really boring and not good at this and and honestly, like she says things from a teleprompter and they're fine.


She's kind of like, she's not Obama 2.0, she's Hillary Clinton 2.0, she's, she's better than Hillary Clinton. OFF a prompter, but she's actually worse than Hillary Clinton off the prompter. And we have not yet seen her off the prompter. In fact, yes, you knew it was. It's time. It's time. We are now on day 34 of zero televised interviews with Kamala Harris where she's off prompter zero zero for 34 days. Here's the thing, they got another 80 days of this. Can they hold it up for that long? I dunno, I don't know. And she isn't quite pulling away here. She isn't pulling away in the polls. She's ahead. We'll see what the polling looks like after the convention, whether there's any bump. I kind of doubt that there'll be a bump because I think that all of the enthusiasm is already baked in the, the instantaneous nature of modern American politics is that when a thing happens, it gets baked into the cake like that immediately.


It doesn't take weeks for it to sort of seep into the public imagination. It happens overnight. So the minute Biden was out and the knives were in his back and she had taken his spot, everyone swung, swung behind her. By the end of the week. The polling was what the polling was and it had basically solidified in place. Nothing has really changed for the past several weeks actually in the national polling. In fact, if you look at the national polling over the course of the last several weeks, Kamala Harris was up approximately two points on August 8th, and today, August 22nd, she's up approximately three points and said things haven't changed all that much. In fact, even if you go back to when she first jumped in, she had like a slight one and a half point lead on Trump nationally.


That'd be like the end of July, beginning of August. And today it's like two and a half points. So not much is changing right now, and the polls have basically been stable for the last several weeks. So do I think that this is going to radically change the game that they had? You know, sort of this, this Oscars of leftism as Douglas Murray is putting it, I I, I don't really think it's gonna change much. At some point she might have to answer some questions about her policy. The Wall Street Journal says the Vice president's economic advisors are scrambling to assemble a policy agenda on the fly. I have a question. Why? Why? If you ask my policy agenda literally any day for the last 20 years, I could have given it to you because I do this for a living. I talk about politics and I think about it. And you know what? So does Kamala Harris. So it's a lie that she doesn't know what her policies are.


It's a lie that she is now switching. That's the thing. She has to change all of her policy proposals. Here's the key paragraph from the Wall Street Journal. Every new policy proposal she puts forward gives political ammunition to her opponent. Former President Donald Trump. The Republican nominee has been attacking Harris for not being specific enough in her plans. See, here's the thing, here's the great asymmetry. Donald Trump. He hasn't been specific on his plans either, but we know exactly how he's going to govern because he was already president. So we know what that's going to look like. Kamala Harris has not been specific on her plans and we also know precisely how she would govern. 'cause she's the current vice president. The difference is she's lying and say she has no connection to any of that. It's as if Donald Trump were running again and said, remember that first term?


Forget about all of it. We're gonna etch a sketch. This thing, just shake it up. It's gone. Never happened. The and and the media, by the way, are actually trying to do that. They're trying to pretend that Trump's first term didn't exist and project 2025 is term two as opposed to, you know, term two being an extension of term one. There's some speculation of what exactly the the New York Times calling is. Political pragmatism, the dishonesty. See, when Democrats do it, it's political pragmatism. When Republicans do it, it's ranked dishonesty who exactly is going to be in her administration. So the Wall Street Journal has put together an early list of names that have emerged in conversation with senior Democrats in Chicago and Washington. So there has been talk about Marty Walsh, former Labor secretary as Chief of Staff.


Ooh, or Eric Holder. Ah, Harris's economic policy. Brain Trust includes Mike Pyle, a former Harris Aid, Brian Deese, former economic council director, and Gene Sperling, former Biden economic advisor. So yeah, that, that's gonna be a wild change from what we have right now. Meanwhile, if you look at, for example, the foreign policy situation, there's been talk about Phil Gordon Harris's National Security Advisor as a candidate for that role if she wins the presidency, he is very, very pro Iran. Phil Gordon, Senator Chris Murphy, who's a wild leftist, has been considered for Secretary of State Ys.


They're talking about Chris Koons, possibly for Secretary of State, but apparently Jake Sullivan, Blinken and Austin will all be ousted. There's been some talk about Michelle Florna who wouldn't be bad. I mean, for sect defense, they're talking about Pete Buttigieg as contender for US Ambassador to the un. Yeah, great. This sounds, this sounds like a another convocation of geniuses over here. It'll be, it'll be great already.


Guys coming up, we'll get to Donald Trump's response to all of this bull campaign in a second. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Make Those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, Yes, this country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? Say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say you racist, buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


College is expensive, but being a man shouldn't be score 60% off Jeremy's razor's. One year of shaving and dominate campus life while others conform. You'll stand out clean, shaven and unapologetic. The precision five delivers an exceptionally smooth and close shave, designed with a precision tremor for keeping your edge and an ergonomic handle for superior control. Major in masculinity at jeremy's razors.com. Today,


Let's be real. French fries are the only good tasting vegetable out there, but unfortunately they're not very healthy balance of nature. Fruit and veggies are the most convenient way to get your daily intake of fruits and vegetables. You know, like the kind of vegetables that actually count. Balance of nature uses an advanced cold vacuum process that encapsulates fruits and vegetables into whole food supplements without sacrificing their natural antioxidants. The capsules are completely void of additives, fillers, extracts, synthetics, pesticides, or added sugar. The only thing at balance of nature, fruit and veggie capsules are fruits and veggies. You need nutrients to function at your best each and every day. Balance of nature helps you do just that. Go to balance of nature.com and use promo code wire for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of nature.com. Promo code wire.