
Folks, we've got a ton to get to today. Did the former FBI director threaten President Trump's life? Plus the Supreme Court is deciding on birthright citizenship and nationwide injunctions. And President Trump is finally leaving the Middle East and we interview the probable next president of Romania.


But first I was gonna do an all new ad rate for my brand new show, Ben, after dark premiering tonight on DW Plus exclusively for our members. But instead our unoriginal and profoundly lazy team decided to just recycle what I said on Monday. So here's that. Or you know, a trailer, enjoy or don't. It's happening whether you like it or not. This Friday night, Ben, after dark returns, why? Hello? And now it's not just a terrible segment, it's a full blown disaster. It is Great to Be here, Ben. That's right. We took a perfectly short, manageable late night bit and we turned it into a full length show. I'm sure it is. Why? 'cause no one asked us to. And that felt like the right reason, which makes sense now exclusively for Daily Wire Plus members. Ben, after Dark delivers more of everything, more uncensored takes. Oh god, that's rough. More cultural chaos. Have you seen Lena Dunham unvetted questions from celebrities who should know better and more segments that probably should not exist? I know we have a professional writing staff this week. We ask ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee, if he knows about Bill Belichick's new girlfriend and everybody Else is glaring at her, not Bill Belichick. I found out if America actually has talent, what is the clapping guy gonna do? Like what? Where is that useful? And someone let a mystery guest ask me whatever was on their mind. Totally unfiltered. So nothing about the Declaration of Independence or the territorial Incorporation doctrine. Oh, and there's a brand new Bend Destroys 'cause it's either this or I start throwing things at my tv. There are 330 million people and that was the best we came up with. It's the all new definitively worse. Absolutely more Ben after Dark Friday night, only at Daily Wire Plus dot com only for members. You're welcome. Don't miss the all new Ben After Dark tonight at 7:30 PM Eastern time, only at Daily Wire. Plus lower your expectations.


Also, do you hear drums in the distance? You can own a piece of Daily Wire history at Daily Wire dot com slash shop. What am I talking about? I'm talking about this. You remember Elizabeth Warren, chief Warren, the sixth and a half inch finally crafted resin statue is a scale replica of the legendary monument. The towers over the Daily Wire set word has it. She's one 1020 fourth authentic, but 100% hilarious. And to scale perfect for your desk bookshelf or the mantle of your teepee long has her other traditional dwelling limited quantities available at Daily Wire dot com slash shop.


All righty. So controversy arises from random areas of the political spectrum these days. Do you remember James Comey? James Comey was the former FBI director. He was the FBI director who presented the so-called steel dossier to President Trump. And then that steel dossier just happened to leak into public view. That was the one that suggested that President Trump wasn't just a Russian catz spa, that he was actually having affairs with prostitutes in Moscow and all this sort of crazy stuff. And Comey presented that to Trump and then magically it just emerged in the press very soon afterward, the news hook being that Comey had presented it to President Trump. James Comey of course, was also the FBI director who led Hillary Clinton off the hook for mishandling of classified documents. A precedent that would then be used for, as it turns out, pretty much every subsequent president who and now appears everyone is allowed to just mishandle classified documents because James Comey deliberately misread a statute to let Hillary Clinton off the hook.


But then right before the election also announced that there was more of an investigation into Hillary Clinton mishandling classified information leading Democrats to believe that he threw the election to Donald Trump. So needless to say, he was a very, very bad FBI director, soup to nuts. Awful FBI director. Well in his post FBI director career, he decided to become a giant weirdo who wanders around forests. I'm not even kidding. That's what he does. He's basically the world's worst Instagram influencer. And so just as an example, here is a tweet from James Comey a couple of years ago. It is a picture of James Comey who is a uniquely tall individual. By the way. He is like six foot nine standing among the redwoods of California with the caption.


So many questions. Wow. Deep. But we're not done. James Comey also had a very weird tweet about Iowa. Here is his weird tweet about Iowa. This of course is circa 2017, says Goodbye Iowa. Goodbye. And it's just him standing in the middle of a row. So James Comey is a person who likes to stand in random places and take contemplative pictures of the things around him or himself and just kind of put it out there. James Comey also is some sort of novelist. I don't know whether any of his novels have actually been successful at any point in the past, but he has a new book Right now called FDR Drive that is all about presumably some sort of far right extremist talk show host who's creating threats against the federal government that are turning into people assassinating folks in the federal government.


And it takes an intrepid investigative prosecutor to go after this particular right-wing talk show host. So he's a strange person, shall we say. And this is a reminder to you that every government agency is staffed with lots of weird people. There are lots of weird people on earth. Think about your own personal life, tons of weird people around you, right? Everybody has their own brand of weird, and those people are also in the federal government. And when you give them outsized power and their big weirdos, weird things happen. Okay, so how is James Comey relevant? The answer is James Comey yesterday put up a tweet or he put up a post on his Instagram And it was another one of these contemplative posts or would be contemplative posts, except that this one got him in a little bit of trouble.


He put this up on Instagram, it's a cool shell formation on my beach walk. And it was a series of shells that were put in the sand to read 86 47. Now for a moment you might be thinking to yourself, what? What are we watching lost? What do these numbers mean? Why are these numbers important? And then you think, oh wait a moment, 47 would be like Donald Trump, the 47th president of the United States and the number 86. Well, that could mean a couple of things. Originally, 2 86, someone meant to like throw them out of a bar or a restaurant or to cancel a password. It's sort of like deep six, but 86 someone.


So this could also be interpreted as kill the President as one way to interpret this, she formation is as 86 47, not get rid of the president, like kill him. And this is how Secret Service has taken it. They said, you are not allowed to threaten the president in public media. That is a violation of 18 US Code 8 71 threats against the president and successors to the presidency. Well, James Comey, you know he, he put that out there and pretty soon the entire White House came down on his head. So Taylor, but witch over at the White House chief of staff, deputy chief of Staff. He wrote, while President Trump is currently on an international trip to the Middle East, the former FBI director puts out what clearly can be interpreted as a hit on the sitting president of the United States.


A message etched in the sand. This is deeply concerning to all of us and is being taken seriously. Donald Trump Jr. Signed in to say, just James Comey casually calling for my dad to be murdered. Christie Nome came out and ripped into James Comey as well. The head of the Department of Homeland Security. Pretty much the entire cabinet got in Christy Nome, said disgraced a former FBI director James Comey just called for the assassination of President Trump. DHS in Secret Service is investigating this threat and will respond appropriately. Steven Miller, of course, the top advisor to President Trump. He put out a statement reading as the former FBI director and key leader of the deep state Comey's called for assassination while the president is a broad, no less is a chilling escalation of the war against our democracy by a faction committed to its destruction Cash Patel, the head of the FBI didn't wanna get lost in the shuffle.


So he put out a statement saying, we are aware of the recent social media post by former FBI director James Comey directed at President Trump. We're in communication with the Secret Service and director Keran primary jurisdictions with the Secret Service on these matters. And we, the FBI will provide all necessary support. Okay, then President Trump came out and he himself commented on James Comey's bizarre post to say the least. He knew exactly what that meant. A child knows what that meant. If you're the FBI director and you don't know what that meant, that meant assassination. And it says it loud and clear. Now, he wasn't very competent, but he was competent enough to know what that meant.


And he did it for a reason. And he was hit so hard because people like me and they like what's happening with our country, our country's become respected again and all this. And he's calling for the assassination of the president. Obviously he apologized and said he doesn't, he wasn't apologized, wasn't calling for violence. But look, he's a very bad he. What do you wanna see happen? What do you wanna see happen? I don't want to take a position on it because that's gonna be up to Pam and all of the great people. But I will say this, I think it's a terrible thing. And when you add his history to that, if he had a clean history, he doesn't, he's a dirty cop, he's a dirty cop. And if he had a clean history, I could, I could understand if there was a leniency, but I'm gonna let them make that decision Now, president Trump, when he says a dirty cop, what he means there is that James Comey was presiding over the FBI when the Hillary Clinton Fusion GPS scam document that initiated the entire Russiagate investigation was basically laundered by the Hillary Clinton campaign via the intelligence apparatus to the FBI.


That's what he means. He means all of Russiagate can basically be laid at the feet of James Comey. Comey put out an apology message saying, I posted earlier a picture of some shells I saw today on a beach walk, which I assumed were a political message. I didn't realize some folks associate those numbers with violence. It never occurred to me, but I post violence of any kind. So I took the post down, I guess more on this in moment.


First Pure Talk says, I don't think so. It's $100 a month cell phone plans that's just wasteful and irresponsible. Instead, they're offering America's most dependable 5G network at America's most sensible prices. Listen to this unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot for just 35 bucks a month. The best part Right now you'll get a free one year membership to Daily Wire Plus access the entire library of Daily Wire Plus movies and documentaries. Enjoy uncensored ad-free daily shows and as always, you're free leftist here, Tumblr, and with Pure Talks US customer service team, you can switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. You don't need Doge to cut the fat from your wireless bill, you just need Pure Talk. Obviously things cost a lot of money these days. Why should your cell phone bill cost that much money? Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch on over to Pure Talk at Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with a qualifying plan. Pure Talk is Wireless by Americans for Americans, go check them out Right now. Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. I've been using Pure Talk myself for years. Their coverage is excellent. And remember, you get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with qualifying plan Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro.


Also give your family some peace of mind with Policy Genius Life insurance. There's not very much that is certain in life, but the number one certainty in life is in fact death. And you wanna make sure that your family is taken care of in case God forbid you applaud. Policy Genius makes finding coverage simple, giving your loved ones a financial safety net to handle debts, expenses like mortgage payments, or even build wealth over time. If something happens to you with Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just 276 bucks a year for a million dollars in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about your future. Life insurance is not a one size fits all solution. Policy Genius understands this perfectly. They present all your options with complete transparency, showing you different coverage amounts, prices and terms so you can make an informed decision. There's no guesswork involved, just clarity that helps you choose what's right for your, your specific needs and budget. Their side-by-side comparison tool shows you quotes from top insurers across America completely free, no hidden fees, their licensed experts are with you every step of the way, answering questions, handling paperwork, advocating for you so you can get the coverage you need and get back to living your life. Check life insurance off your to-do list in no time with Policy Genius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click the link in the description, compare free life insurance quotes from top companies. See how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


Okay, so he's claiming ignorance on all this. Now there are a few things right off the bat. First of all, president Trump was nearly assassinated twice last year, like two times. So we should take very seriously threats of violence against the presidents of the United States. I mean, he nearly had his head blown off on national tv and then he was nearly assassinated again by a, by a person who was sitting outside of his golf course in Florida and was waiting for him to get to a particular hole so he could kill him. And then of course we know that the Iranians were also attempting to assassinate President Trump. So it's not as though there is a shortage of threats on the President's life. We also know that members of the radical left despise President Trump and there would be few tears shed by many of those people if God forbid something were to happen to President Trump.


So in that sort of climate, what Comey says there is indeed pretty bad. Is it prosecutable? Did Comey actually mean it? So this takes you to the edge of the stupidity versus malice conversation. As I've said very frequently on this show, I generally like to attribute people's motivations when they do something wrong to stupidity rather than mals. Unless I have like very solid counters or evidence. This is like right at the edge, okay? At the very least, this is incredibly stupid. However, James Comey is in an incredibly, that guy's a a stupid guy. He's a stupid man. I mean, I showed you his tweets standing on a road in the middle of Iowa and standing in a forest like this is a weird stupid man.


And so it isn't all that hard for me to get to the conclusion that he took a picture. He thought that 86 47 meant something like, ah, get rid of Trump as opposed to kill President Trump. On the other hand, could he be malicious? Could he hate President Trump enough that he would openly call for that? Now, if it were really malicious and not stupidity, you have to assume at least a stupid malice, okay? It, you have to assume at least a level of stupidity where the former FBI director does not know enough about the law to understand that if you openly threaten the president of the United States on social media, secret service is gonna come knocking at your door. So I mean, that would be like the truest level of stupidity and malice would be that he wants to kill Trump, but he's stupid enough to post it online knowing that he's probably gonna go to jail for it.


That's like the, the top level of both stupidity and malice, right? If you're at the top level of malice, then presumably he wouldn't just post something about it. If you're at the top level of stupidity, then he would post something about it and then walk it back, which may be what this is. The bottom line is this with regard to James Comey, is the Justice Department gonna take this very far now? We'll have to see how far they take it. It, it is certainly true that many of the people who are currently going after James Comey are people who also feel specifically targeted by folks like James Comey. That includes the current FBI director KS Patel. So it'll be fascinating to see how this plays out. Joining us on the line to discuss is executive editor of the Daily Wire and Host of the Morning Wire, now available on video everywhere that you can get Morning Wire, John Bickley.


So let's talk about this bizarre story. So, you know, is there anything that I'm missing here? What is the current status, do you believe, do, do your sources tell you that a prosecution is forthcoming for James Comey along these lines? You know, I, I like your analysis there about stupidity versus malice. I kind of look at it like ego versus malice. We have egomaniacs and, and the government a lot, and this guy is top, top of the rung here. He's, he's been the savior of the Justice Department, the savior of the FBI. It's part of the reason he got fired back in 2017 by Trump. And I think he loves, he's probably feels like this is a big win for him.


He loves being in the, getting media attention. I don't think he probably thinks there's much of a threat that something's gonna be actually taken to the next level for him. I, I don't, I I don't see that, I do see this as a check on the, the, the feeling by a lot of people on the left, particularly these people that have been in major public offices that they feel like they can say anything. I think the Trump administration is checking him here. Cash Patel, Tulsi Gabbard really playing the, the left's game against them about heightened rhetoric, 86 47. Is it a direct threat? It could be interpreted as a direct threat. It's not the kind of direct threat.


I think that is ultimately actionable. It is extremely stupid, like you said. I think it's very egotistical in the sense that Comey is trying to, to create some waves, get himself back in the headlines. He's done it. Congratulations. I think he will get some more scrutiny than he's gonna be comfortable with. Will it go to the next level? I have a hard time seeing that to the next stage. So meanwhile over Morning Wire, obviously you guys have been covering extensively. President Trump's trip to the Middle East, a lot got done on that trip. A lot of big deals getting done in Saudi, in UAE in Qatar. A lot of ramifications for the future of the Middle East. More broadly, he's made comments about relieving sanctions on Syria, for example.


He seems like he's open to a deal with Iran, although it is unclear what exactly that deal would look like. What are your big takeaways at Morning Wire from his trip to the Middle East? Yeah, I, you know, we've been looking at this from a few levels. One of 'em is the economic level. I think there's been a need for stability economically here. And the announcement of a lot of these deals, particularly the almost $2 trillion in deals from his Middle East tour is huge news for the, for the us. These, this is, these are real deals. This, this really matters. It, it impacts every American's wallet in the end. It impacts the stock market. We've seen the stock market really rebound. I mean part of that's the truce between the US and the, and China that was announced this week.


The total walk back of all these tariffs, 30% Now is the, the tariff rate for the US against the against China dramatically down all of this is good news. It's very complicated when you're talking about Syria and you're talking about Iran of course, extremely complicated in terms of the ramifications of these kinds of deals. Trump does a lot of stuff in public. He makes his deals in public. He's saying a lot of things. He's very optimistic about a, an Iran deal. It's hard to know what, what's really happening behind the scenes, how close they really are. Iran cannot be trusted and I think it, it is right to be extremely skeptical of any deal.


We work out with them that said this, this consistent message of Trump trying to broker peace throughout the, the globe and being, being very successful so far in doing that. Probably not as successful as he he wanted to be in the early stages, but is it really looks like he's, he's making progress there and I think that people are happy to hear that Syria, it, it's complicated. I was actually very interested in your perspective on that. I do think, again, this idea of deescalation in general sort of writ large is his goal. He's accomplishing that, at least in terms of bringing the temperature down for now where these, where these details end up, we will see if the deal actually is hammered out and how good it looks when the, in the final stages.


Well that is John Bickley. He is the executive editor of the Daily Wire and Host of the Morning Wire. Now again available on video anywhere. John, great to talk to you. Thanks Ben. Great to talk to you. All right, meanwhile, the Trump big birthright citizenship case is now before the Supreme Court. There was a hearing yesterday, this case is interesting for a couple of reasons. One is President Trump issued an executive order saying that birthright citizenship no longer rep applies in the United States. And this race raises a couple of questions for the Supreme Court because district courts put an injunction on the EO nationwide injunction. So there are two separate issues in this case. One issue is what is the authority of local courts to provide nationwide injunctions? And this has become an incredibly hot issue because every time President Trump does anything ranging from using the Alien Enemies Act to this sort of eo, some local court will then issue a nationwide injunction.


As I've discussed before on the program, there's not a lot of precedent historically for the idea that a local district court can simply enjoin an entire national policy. Typically what you would do is have an injunction in the area over which the judge presides not over the policy nationwide. Otherwise you could just forum shop, find some district court judge somewhere who doesn't like the president and nationwide enjoin any policy coming out of the executive branch. This is a point that was made by Clarence Thomas back in 2018 in a concurrence in a case called Trump versus Hawaii. And Clarence Thomas wrote at that time, universal injunctions do not seem to comply with sort of basic principles of law. These injunctions are recent development emerging for the first time in the 1960s and dramatically increasing in popularity only very recently they appear to conflict with several traditional rules of equity as well as the original or understanding of the judicial role.


As he points out, the basic idea of injunction is supposed to be for the case in front of you, not for all similar cases all the way across the nation. He says the Judiciary's limited role was reflected in the court's decisions about who could sue to vindicate certain rights, right? So this would go to standing, right? Typically in order to bring a lawsuit, you have to have standing, you have to have been damaged by a particular law. By you being damaged by a particular law doesn't mean that everyone across the country was quote unquote damaged by the same law outside of that particular district. Unless you get to the supreme Court level. He says by the latter half of the 20th century, some jurist began to conceive of the judicial role in terms of resolving general questions of legality instead of addressing those questions only insofar as they're necessary to resolve individual cases and controversies.


And that is when what appears to be the first universal injunction in the United States emerged. That would've been in like 1963 and then they still remained pretty rare. But recently, again, this is 2018, Clarence Thomas writes, they've exploded in popularity. Some scholars have criticized the trend. No persuasive defense has yet been offered for the practice. And of course Clarence Thomas is correct about this. He says Universal injunctions are legally and historically dubious if federal courts continue to issue them, this court is duty bound to adjudicate their authority to do so. So that's gonna be one of the big issues that comes up in this particular case And it looks very much like the Supreme Court is going to limit this form of judicial overreach. Now, Amy Coney Barrett came under some fire yesterday issue, of course a Trump appointee, justice Barrett.


She asked the solicitor general for the United States about this yesterday, whether or not the administration will actually obey court decisions. Did I understand you correctly to tell Justice Kagan that the government wanted to reserve its right to maybe not follow a Second Circuit precedent say in New York because you might disagree with the opinion. Our general practice is to respect those precedents, but there are circumstances when it is not a categorical practice. It is and and that is not new this Administration's practice or the longstanding practice of the federal government. And I'm not talking about in the Fourth Circuit, are you gonna respect a second Circuit? I'm talking about within the second Circuit and can you say, is that this administration's practice or a longstanding one as I understand it, longstanding policy of the Department of Justice.


Okay, so it'll be interesting to see how the Supreme Court comes down on this. I would imagine that they're going to limit the power of nationwide injunction for district courts, which in and of itself would be a win for the Trump administration because otherwise you're just gonna, as I say, have forum shopping for some district judge somewhere to knock down entire national policy. And that is not why the court system was built this way. Now onto the broader underlying issue here of birthright citizenship. So the 14th amendment to the Constitution says with regard to citizenship, all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside. Okay? That is the, that is the texted issue here.


And this has been subject to some pretty wide ranging controversy over the course of American judicial history. What does that mean? Okay, so originally this was obviously meant to be directed at the children of freed slaves, right? Because the idea was that while slaves were not in fact considered legally, they should have been obviously, but they were not considered legally citizens of the United States. They couldn't vote, they didn't have constitutional rights. What, what about their kids are their kids citizens or not? So the 14th Amendment says, yes they are, they were born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof. The phrase subject to the jurisdiction thereof is the key phrase because if you just wanted a birthright citizenship clause, like plain and simple, why do you need that phrase?


Why not just say all persons born or naturalized in the United States are citizens of the United States, right? That would be a pure birthright citizenship clause, right? Why add the phrase subject to this jurisdiction thereof? What exactly does that mean? Are there people who are born in the United States but not subject to the jurisdiction thereof? And the Supreme Court has ruled on this in a variety of ways, many times, mostly indirectly. That is why this case has now reached the Supreme Court. The court first in 1873 in a case called the Slaughterhouse Cases, said the phrase subject to this jurisdiction was intended to exclude from its operation, children of ministers, consoles and citizens or subjects of foreign states born within the United States case.


That seems pretty unequivocal in 1873, which again, the 14th Amendment was ratified in the year 1868. Okay? So five years later, five years after ratification, the Supreme Court said in the slaughterhouse cases that subject to the jurisdiction was meant to exclude. Let's say that you're an ambassador, you're an ambassador from the uk, you're here, your your wife has a baby, is the baby a citizen of the United States subjects to the jurisdiction thereof says no because your kid is actually a British citizen and subject to the jurisdiction of British law. Okay, so now apply that to our modern context. Let's say that you're a Mexican national, your Mexican citizen, you come across the border with your wife, you drop a baby, is that baby subject to this jurisdiction of the United States or is that baby subject to the jurisdiction of Mexican law?


And it seems according to the slaughterhouse cases that that kid should actually not be an American citizen. That kid should actually just be a Mexican citizen, okay? But then in a case called us Wong Ark in 18, the Supreme Court held that a child born in the United States of parents of Chinese descent, who at the time of his birth were subject to the emperor of China, but had a permanent domicile in residence in the United States and are there carrying on business and are not employed in any diplomatic or official capacity under the emperor of China. That kid was in fact a citizen, right? So that seems to contradict what was being said in the slaughterhouse cases. So in won can mark the court said, well, that, that's just dicta.


Okay? So when you read a Supreme Court decision, there is sort of the precedent and then there's dicta, okay? The, the actual governing law is the ruling and then courts can sometimes distinguish between that and stuff that the court kind of says on the way to get to the decision, which they will call dicta sort of side points that are not, that are not binding in law. There's also a case in 1884 called the Elk v Wilkins, in which the Supreme Court ruled that children of Native Americans who were born in the United States were not citizens by birthright unless they were subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. Again, same kind of thing. Native Americans who were living on reservations or subject to the jurisdiction of their tribe were not automatically citizens of the United States if born within the boundaries of the United States. Get to more on this in a moment.


First, the first time I put my kovas boots on, it was like they were already broken in, which makes perfect sense because every single pair goes through over 200 meticulous steps of handcrafting. I used to think Western boots were just for cowboys. But since these folks started in Texas back in 2015, they've been changing that story. Whether you're a lifelong rancher or you're just looking for your first pair of western boots, Tecovas makes it feel easy. You can wear them from sunup to sundown. They're built tough enough for long days, but stylish enough for a night out. So you know, when I go out to dinner with my wife, Tecovas are like a great pick for me and look at me. Do I look like a cowboy to you? No matter your size or style, they've got the perfect boot waiting for you. Plus the Tecovas is best in the West guarantee. You get free returns and exchanges for 30 days. Pretty hard to beat Right now. Get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash shapiro when you sign up for email and texts. That's 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash shapiro Tecovas dot com slash shapiro c site For details, Tecovas, point your toes west again, 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash shapiro, that's T-E-C-O-V-A s.com/shapiro for 10% off.


Also, Boll and Branch, I'm just gonna tell you it's great. Boll and Branch the best. I travel literally with their throw blanket when I go on the road. So when I was on the road, I still had Boll and Branch product because they're just that good Boll and branch sheets, quiet, all the chaos. After a long day they wrap you in a softness so extraordinary. You'll genuinely look forward to hitting the sack. Trust me, the signature sheets, they're no joke made with the finest 100% organic cotton so you can crash every night in the most comfortable feeling imaginable. I'm talking seriously buttery, breathable fabric that keeps you cool and actually gets better over time. Plus they just keep getting softer with every single wash game changer. Four, your sleep guaranteed. Again, Boland branch the best. We took all the sheets in our house, we threw them out. We only use Boland branch because they're just that good. Experience. The luxury of Boland branch sheets with their risk-free month long trial. Wash them, style them, feel the difference for yourself without any catches or commitments. If the sheets don't deliver your best night's sleep, just return them for a complete refund, no questions asked. Feel the difference An extraordinary night's sleep can make with BOL and Branch. Get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at bol and branch.com/ben. That's BOL and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben to save 15% exclusions apply C site for details.


So that brings us to a case called Plyler v Doe in 1982 there the court found that illegal immigrant kids were subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and therefore being could be given free education. In other words, this actually is kind of an open constitutional question. Now the practice in the United States has been birthright citizenship for well over a century at this point. Not only that, in 1940 there was a piece of legislation from Congress that basically enshrined the idea of birthright citizenship. However, it is a fascinating legal argument and would obviously make a very big difference in terms of how migration is done to the United States because one of the ways that illegal immigration has become so prevalent in the United States, if somebody comes, they overstay their visa, for example, they drop a baby, now the baby's an American citizen.


And so because the baby is an American citizen, the idea would be that the parents should be given preference in terms of becoming American citizens And it could easily see there's a world where the Supreme Court would rule that, for example, won Kim Ark, which is the governing precedent here, which was holding again that a child born in the United States to Chinese parents who are subject to the emperor of China, but had permanent domicile in residents that those babies are birthright citizens. So you could say if you have a permanent green card, for example, not a temporary visa, not you're here illegally. If you have a green card and you drop a baby, the baby's a citizen, right? You could see the court saying that based on Wong Kmar, that would not be in conflict with won Wong Kmar.


However, is that the way that the court is likely to go? Probably not, probably not. The solicitor general of the United States made the claim on behalf of the Trump administration that I've made here, which is that the citizenship clause was originally designed for the children of former slaves, which of course it was, Your Honor. I'd say three things in response to that. First of all, our primary contention is that the citizenship clause related to the children of former slaves, not to illegal aliens who weren't even present as a discrete class at that time. Okay? So I think that just on a, on a legal basis, that seems correct to me as far as the birthright citizenship clause and how it'll be interpreted by the Supreme Court. Again, I think the Supreme Court is gonna be reluctant to step into this fight.


So probably they will rule against the EO on that basis. Justice Brett Kavanaugh asked, okay, let's say that you actually were able to get rid of birthright citizenship. How exactly would you even effectuate that at a hospital, for example, to determine whether a kid is a citizen or not. What do hospitals do with a newborn? What do states do? What a newborn. I don't think they do anything different. What the executive order says in section two is that federal officials do not accept documents that have the wrong designation of citizenship from people who are subject to the executive order. How are they Gonna know that The states can continue to, the federal officials will have to figure that out. Is that how? So you could imagine a, a number of ways that the federal officials could such As, Such as they could require a showing of, you know, documentation showing legal presence in the country for a temporary visitor for example.


They could see whether they're on a B one visa, which would exclude kind of the birthright citizenship in that country for All the newborns. Is that how that's gonna work? Again, we don't know because the agencies were never given the opportunity to formulate the guidance. They would add 30 Days. They're only gonna have 30 days to do this. You think they can get it together in time they're under. That's what the executive order instructs them to do and hopefully they will do so. Okay. So it'll be interesting to see which way the court goes. My guess that the court will limit nationwide injunctions as well. They should. My guess is that they will not go along with the argument that the Supreme Court is going to invalidate birthright citizenship. I, I think that's gonna be a stretch.


It'll be hard for them to do it. Justice Alito by the way, had the best line with regard to the nationwide injunctions. He said the practical problem is there are 680 district court judges and all Article three judges are vulnerable to an occupational disease, which is the disease of thinking I am right and I can do whatever I want. That is exactly right. Justice Alito of course is tremendous justice. Alrighty. Meanwhile, the tax bill that is percolating through the Republican system, unclear at this point whether it's actually going to materialize in time or whether it is not. A lot of the issues have to be hashed out here. As I said yesterday, there's gonna have to be some political magic here done by Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson as well as the Senate majority Leader John Thon, to get this thing together. It is a giant unwieldy bill.


You have several different wings of the party who are arguing for different things. You have these so-called moderate in the party who are arguing for higher caps on salt deductions as well as arguing for zero cuts effectively to Medicaid, zero restructurings, zero work requirements on Medicaid and, and all of the rest. That'd be like Josh Howley in in the Senate as well as people like Mike Lawler in the house. Again, these are people from Purple states or Purple District. Then you have people who are very strong on the idea that we need to make cuts because the reality is that we are facing a fiscal disaster in the United States over the course of coming years. That if we continue to blow out our deficit to the tune of $2 trillion a year, eventually it's all fun and games. And if you jump from the sixth story, the first five stories are fine, it's the sixth one that really hurts.


And, and that's sort of the idea with the American economy that at a certain point here, and you can see for example, Right now the 30 year bond yields in the United States are disastrously high. Why is that? Because people are scared that they're not going to be able to get their money paid back to them outside of inflated currency by the United States government. Over time, there will come a point here where the United States is paying trillions of dollars a year just in interest on our national debt. Like trillions are not like a significant percentage of our GDP will go to paying for the interest on our national debt if we don't get our spending under control. So you have Republicans who are pointing this out and saying, we at the very least need to be bending the cost curve. This is the case that Senator Ron Johnson is making.


He's saying, you know, what we really should be doing in this bill is just going back to 2019 spending levels. Why exactly are we doing wildly inflated spending from after the covid period? That's silly. Here is Senator Ron Johnson, Wisconsin to get a fiscal hawk. I ran in 2010 'cause we were aging our children's future. We were $14 trillion in debt. Now we're $37 trillion in debt and Republicans aren't fixing the problem. We're exacerbating it. That's unacceptable. It's not beautiful. I'm sorry, it's not a big beautiful bill. That's called rhetoric. There there's one thing that it's mislabeling. There's, there's one thing that really is false advertising. Okay? So meanwhile, Senator Rand Paul, again another fiscal hawk, he says the same thing. He says, we're raising the debt ceiling by $4.5 trillion.


What are you talking about now? I think the deficit will still exceed 2 trillion. One of the reasons I believe that is a third component of the bill is raising the debt ceiling. $5 trillion. This has never been done before. It's an historic amount, it's an obscene amount. It's something that is not conservative and no conservative should support raising the debt ceiling. 5 trillion. So that alone is enough for me not to support the bill. Even though I support large segments of the bill. My fear is that really true cutting is not going to happen. Now again, squaring this circle is gonna be very difficult because you do have representatives like Mike Lalow who are in trouble in some of these purple districts.


And remember there are house Republican majority is razor thin Right now as political reports. The boiling internal GOP debate that's holding up President Trump's self-declared big beautiful bill isn't over the deductibility of state and local taxes. It's about the class and geographic divide. Splintering today's Republican party. And it's really about two midterm elections. Trump's first in 2018 when a series of Republicans from affluent districts retire or lost. And a second next year's election when many of the lawmakers elected from upscale suburbia ever since are facing difficult reelections. And that's why salt deductions have become such a big issue. So most Trump era congressional republicans are fine with with lower caps on salt deductions 'cause they're from red states or red areas within blue states, but there are some who are not.


And so Mike Lawler has said they have a very myopic view of New York and California. He says, you know, you're gonna lose our seeds and then you're not gonna have a majority anymore. And that's not totally wrong. Meanwhile, the hardliners are saying, listen, this doesn't cut spending in any material way, and what you are doing here is basically leading us a little bit slower toward the cliff. All of this led to a bit of a breakdown yesterday when a planned Friday vote in the house budget committee to advance that GOP mega bill was placed in peril with three hardliners pledging to oppose the party line legislation. This is, its yesterday afternoon. Representative Ralph Norman, who sits on the budget committee, told reporters he would vote against the package of tax cuts and extensions, border security investments, energy policy and more.


He was joined by Chip Roy of Texas and Josh Hin of Oklahoma and Jody Arrington the house budget chair. He, you know, he said we'll see as far as when the vote would actually be moved forward. So again, this is very fraught. At the very least, according to Politico House, Republican leaders are having to salvage their party line Mega Bill a lot sooner than they thought. A surprise holdout by those conservative members of the house Budget Committee is forcing Speaker Johnson to entertain significant changes to the GOP sweeping domestic policy. Bill endangering his ambitious Memorial Day timeline for a house package. The hard right objections surrounding missing fiscal scores for the legislation and ongoing concerns about the depth of Medicaid cuts.


Republicans are prepared to make one option under serious discussion as a concession to those fiscal conservatives, is moving up the onset of work requirements for Medicaid beneficiaries by two years from 2029 to 2027. Now again, that, that makes a lot of sense. I mean the, those things should be moved up. I'm not sure why work requirements should only be put in place, you know, four years from now. That is a bizarre thing. Of course, that should be moved up. But again, you have several wings of the Republican party that are all clashing with one another at this point. If it does not move forward with alacrity, however, you will see an economic downturn, a serious economic downturn because the markets have already priced in a big, beautiful bill passing.


Beyond that, many of the most controversial provisions of the so-called big beautiful bill push a bunch of these sort of pain off into the future. So for example, according to Politico, for all four years of President Trump's presidency, and only those years, Americans would enjoy benefits like no taxes on tips are over time. Then it won't be until 2029 when congressional GOP incumbents have already run for reelection and Trump is gone. That voters feel the sting from the pay fors. That includes much of the Medicaid cuts estimated to strip healthcare coverage from more than 10 million people. Now again, it's not stripping healthcare coverage from 10 million people. That is a wild overstatement. The idea that people should not have to work in order to receive Medicaid if they are otherwise healthy and young is silly.


That's not stripping coverage. That is saying you need to do the bare minimum. You're talking about 80 hours a month, by the way, and I wanna see Democrats make the argument you don't need to work 80 hours a month if you're otherwise fit and healthy in order to receive Medicaid benefits and why you just get to be as lazy as a bum and sit around doing nothing and still receive Medicaid. Why? Why would that be? But that of course is what the media are pitching. That's more on this in a moment.


First, your online activity, it just isn't Private data brokers track every single thing you do online browsing, shopping habits, your beliefs in the United States. They can actually legally sell that information. Companies buy that data to target with ads, social media platforms, use it to control what you see during elections. It can even be used to influence your vote to protect your privacy and maintain your autonomy online. Try out express VPN Express. VPN routes all my online activity through secure encrypted servers, making it impossible for my internet provider to see what I'm doing online. It also hides your IP address. That's the unique number that identifies you online and allows data brokers to build and sell profiles about you. Without access to those IP or activity data, the companies have nothing to work with. I use Express VPN all the time. I'm on the road a lot and when I'm on the road, I have to use public wifi. Well, I use public wifi. I'm putting my data at risk except that I'm not, because I use Express VPN Express. VPN is remarkably simple to use. One click activates protection across all my devices from phones and tablets to smart TVs and computers. Plus it works on up to eight devices simultaneously so I can extend privacy protection to my entire family. Right now, you can get an extra four months for free when you use my special link. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash ben, get four extra months of ExpressVPN, that's ex pr ess vpn.com/ben.


There's some perks that are being added to the bill, including a so-called MAGA deposit for babies. We've talked about this before, the so-called MAGA account Invest America. This is basically every baby born in the United States gets a $1,000 trust fund. Essentially, it is placed in an untouchable fund until they are 18 years old. That is linked or invested in the s and p 500, which means it grows over time, which by the way, I think should be used as an alternative to other forms of special benefit, right? How about we get rid of some of the other subsidies and we use that instead. That that makes more sense. There's a $4,000 tax break for seniors. Medicaid work requirements, however, wouldn't kick in until 2029.


Medicaid address checks, which is the states would have to verify the addresses of people enrolled in Medicaid. That wouldn't kick in until 2029. The GOP bill would force states to cover five to 25% of food aid costs under Snap. That would kick in October, 2027. Now, again, states should be paying for this stuff generally, I'm not sure why the federal government should be paying for that as opposed to the state government. With that said, again, dragging this thing over the finish line is, is going to be difficult. There is danger here if the Republicans do not drag it over the finish line. Jamie Diamond, he says that recession is still very much on the table and pretending otherwise is quite silly. He's the CEO of JP Morgan Chase.


Of course, Look, I I'm gonna defer to economists who give it about a 50% chance. I think all these things are probably inflationary a little bit more and slowing it down the economy. If there's a recession, I don't know how big it'll be or how long it'll last. Hopefully it'll avoid it, but I I wouldn't take it off the table at this point. Okay, so meanwhile, president Trump came home today from the Middle East after a very successful round of negotiations and business dealings with Saudi UAE and Qatar. So first he went to Saudi Arabia where he cleared some $600 billion in deals. Then he went to Qatar where he cleared some $1.2 trillion in deals. Then he went to UAE where he cleared like $1.4 trillion in deals. So a lot of money supposed to come into the United States.


Thanks to all of this. There's still some sort of open questions here as to what happens on the big outstanding issues in the Middle East that are not financial and commerce related. The biggest one, of course is Iran. So Saudi has an interest in the Iranian nuclear program not being there. Israel, of course, has an interest in the Iranian nuclear program not being there. UAE has an interest in the Iranian nuclear program not being there. Qatar, they're basically a cutout for Iran. So they're perfectly fine with an Iranian nuclear program, actually, which is one of the reasons that it's a little disquiet England, president Trump praises Qatar for trying to broker an Iran deal. I mean, yes, because Qatar plays both sides. Again, treating all of these countries as though they're identical is very silly.


UAE, Qatar and Saudi, not the same. UAE and Saudi are completely aligned. Qatar is so unaligned with UAE and Saudi that they nearly went to war in 2017. Really? Here's President Trump paying homage to Qatar trying to broker the Iran deal. Iran is very lucky to have the Amir because he is actually fighting for them. He, he doesn't want us to do a vicious blow to Iran. He says, you can make a deal. You can make a deal. He's really fighting and, and I really mean this. I think that Iran should say a big thank you to the Amir, because the Amir is fighting very much that we don't, I mean, at, at this point, you might wanna ask yourself, if the Amir is fighting very hard for Iran, why are we taking a $400 million jet from him?


There are always strings attached. Qatar is a country with 2.6 million people living in it, by the way, not 2.6 million citizens, 2.6 million people. Qatar's actual citizenry is somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000. The rest are foreign migrant workers and or slaves because slave modern slavery is a real thing in Qatar. Again, this kind of warm relationship we have with Qatar boggles the imagination. It really does. That's not saying that we shouldn't do business deals with them. It's not saying we shouldn't try to foster better relations with them. It is saying we should hold them accountable, which is something that I hope President Trump will certainly do. Meanwhile, president Trump yesterday made some more comments with regard to Iran in which again, it, it's unclear which way the administration is going to go.


He issues warnings with regard to Iran, but the devil is in the detail with Iran always. There was a rumor yesterday that the Trump administration was proposing basically a three year moratorium on all nuclear development with Iran. And then after that, the J-C-P-O-A, the answer to that is no, because if you leave it to the next person in office who could theoretically be a Democrat, that just means Iran goes nuclear. That is basically just J-C-P-O-A, the Obama deal that, that Donald Trump called the worst deal in history. Part two. And by the way, it is worth noting Right now that Republicans have already united to fight H-A-C-P-O-A part two. There's a letter that was put out Wednesday, signed by every single GOP senator except for Rand Paul naturally and 177 House Republicans and the GOP members asked President Trump to explicitly reinforce the warnings that he and his officials and his administration have issued, that the regime must permanently give up any capacity for enrichment.


That, of course, is the right perspective. Now, the, the thing that's being pitched to the, the Iranians or from the Iranians is something short of that. Iran has already said it won't do that. Here's President Trump talking about this yesterday. Iran wants to trade with us. Okay? If you can believe that, and I'm okay with that. I'm using trade to settle scores and to make peace, but I've told Iran, we make a deal. You're gonna be really, you're gonna be very happy. But more than anything, I've told Iran very simply 'cause I heard somebody making my case last night on television. I didn't like it because they were saying, there's plenty of time, there's not plenty of time, there're not plenty of time.


You feel urgency. Well, they're not gonna have a nuclear weapon, and eventually they'll have a nuclear weapon, and then the discussion becomes a much different one. Okay? So again, I think President Trump does live in the world of reality, and so I do not think that he's going to make those sorts of concessions to the Iranians. I don't think he's gonna be taken in by them. Now again, the Iranians are very good at this game, like extremely good at this game. The phrase in the Middle East that's constantly used about Iran is that they never win a war or lose a piece, which seems to be about right. And the manipulations that Qatar is trying on behalf of Iran are quite dangerous. But I think President Trump understands that. And meanwhile, Vladimir Zelensky heating President, Trump's desire for him to go to Turkey to negotiate with Vladimir Putin without any sort of preliminary ceasefire.


Zelensky was basically abandoned in Turkey then by Vladimir Putin. So Vladimir Putin did not in fact show up. Zelensky yesterday did show up in Ankara. He again, he was there to talk and Putin didn't show 'cause. Putin has no desire for this war to end. He believes he can simply outlast the United States. The United States will get bored and withdraw support, and then he'll be able to do whatever he wants in Ukraine. Here is Zelensky talking about it yesterday. You Have a message for glad I'm here? I think this is very clear Message. Okay, so he said he was here, it was a message to Putin, president Trump for his part says, nothing will happen until Putin and Trump get together.


I'm not disappointed. Why would I be disa? We just took in $4 trillion. And he says, are you disappointed about a delegation? I know nothing about a delegation. I haven't even checked, look, nothing's gonna happen until Putin and I get together. Okay? And obviously he wasn't gonna go, he was gonna go, but he thought I was gonna go. He wasn't going if I wasn't there. And I don't believe anything's gonna happen whether you like it or not, until he and I get together. But we're gonna have to get a saw because too many people are dying. Okay, well I hope that President Trump continues to put the pressure on Putin 'cause Zelensky is doing what he wants. He brought Zelensky to the table, Zelensky iss at the table. In fact, he's the only one at the table. Putin is not at the table as of yet.


More pressure is gonna obviously have to be applied. And Trump wasn't going to go to Turkey if Putin wasn't going. So you had a bit of a bizarre catch 22 where Putin, according to Trump, wasn't gonna show up if Trump wasn't gonna show up. Trump wasn't gonna show, gonna show up, but Putin wasn't gonna show up. So neither of them show up and Zelensky shows up. I mean, it's just, again, the desire by Putin to get to the end of this is significantly lower than the desire by Zelensky and Ukraine to get to the end of this. And I think Putin knows that at this point. And meanwhile, speaking of problems in Eastern Europe and situations in Eastern Europe. So the country of Romania has an election coming up. Romania you'll recall, did actually have an election. That election was invalidated last year, supposedly because of Russian interference in the election.


So there was a Romanian government investigation alleging that the election in December of 2024 had been tilted toward a candidate named Kalen Esky, who is not particularly well known. But then he ended up winning and the Romanian government decided to simply invalidate the election based on allegations of Russian interference. There's a problem, however, for that particular argument, which is that the current front runner, a man named George Simeon, he is probably going to win in the first round of the vote in Romania. So George was, was basically ruled out of order that he, they, they said he can't run. So he is been replaced by George Simeon. Simeon then won 40% of the vote.


He is very, again, likely to win the presidency or joined on the line by George Nikolai Simeon. He of course is the front runner in the current Romanian election. He is the founder and current president of the Alliance for the Union of Romanians. Obviously, Romanian elections have been a point of significant political controversy over the course of the last few months. Mr. Simeon, thanks so much for joining the program. Really appreciate it. Thank you Ben for inviting me. I'm quite a fan. I've been following your PO podcasts, your shows for 10 years I think. And I can't believe I am now the star of it. Well, thank you so much for joining us.


So why don't we start with this. Obviously people who don't follow Romanian politics closely, they're, they're not even sure what happened. There was an election, the election was kind of thrown out and now you're the front runner. So what's the backstory for people who don't know the backstory here? Basically, our establishment, our deep state didn't like the guy won the elections. They couldn't control him. So they had to make a decision. And the decision was to all the elections and to say there was some foreign interference with the electoral process. They didn't present any proof, no shade of evidence that this actually happened because it didn't, it was just the will of the people.


He took 22% of the votes in the first round and he was ready to win, to have a landslide victory in the second round. And when they saw that the smearing campaign against him, the mainstream media attacks are not working, that the people are not afraid. They said, okay, for the constitutional court in, in Romania, which is a like a political instrument, it's formed up of made of politicians, not of real judges. They decided to annul the elections on the 6th of December. So we are facing like an ongoing, they said that we will have repeated elections.


Mr. SCO had his dossier ready for the new elections, and at the end of March they said, Mr. SCO cannot run. Why? Because he had some alleged pro-Russian opinions. So we say that he cannot run just like the ITO in Iran, for example. So I'm, I'm, I'm running in instead of him, I'm his substitute so to, to say. And we have the popular support. We won big time in the first round, last on the 4th of May.


And this Sunday we will have the second round and I should be elected. If nothing happens, nobody matters with the elections. If we have very three elections, I should be the next Romanian president. So obviously, because of all the accusations of Russian interference and all the rest, that's sort of top of the heap in terms of questions people are asking about Romania and York candidacy. What do you think the relationship between Romania, the eu, the United States, Russia, Ukraine, what, what should, what should the position of Romania be in the ongoing war in Ukraine, especially considering the fact that obviously Romania borders Ukraine? Well, we have three strategic pillars at the basis of our security strategy.


One is the membership of nato, second membership of the European Union, and third, the strategic partnership with the us. You cannot have one without the other. We struggled a lot to exit the communist zone and to be part of the free world. We made lots of sacrifices. We actually supported quite a lot. We, we invested a lot in the war effort in, in Ukraine. It's, it's clearly that the Russian war of aggression against Ukraine is something unimaginable for some in the western world.


For some who do not know how the Russians react, how they behave. But for us it is very, very clear as it is clear that this war must stop. We must have a ceasefire, a truth and peace negotiations that already started, like you saw in Istanbul earlier must conclude to a long lasting piece. The only thing we can hope and pray is that President Trump will make new security guarantees from the Russians because they are a danger and not only for us, for all the region, for Romania, for Poland, for the Baltic states.


So aside from national security issues, there's been enormous amounts of pressure put on you and your party with regard to say traditional Judeo-Christian values, traditional biblical values. A lot of the same insults have been hurled that say Victor Orban and Hungary have been hurled at you, hurled at your party. What's your perspective on, on the source of values that should be promulgated in Romania and why do you think there's been so much resistance to that? Well, if you are a Christian Orthodox, you are pro-Russian. If you love your country, you are a fas fascist. If you say even that Putin is a criminal and you respect Donald Trump and the MAGA movement, for example, they say, yeah, but Donald Trump is pro-Russian.


In these Russian spy, they would say anything in order to fight who we are to fight our values. I formed five years ago, I was never involved in politics and I started from zero, a political party. The Alliance for the Union of Romanians who stand on four pillars, Christian faith, love for our nation, natural family and freedom. So we are smeared, we are attacked by the mainstream media that they don't like really, that we say that only a relationship between a man and a woman can give birth to Chi child.


That we say it's not normal to mutilate small children and to have gender operation on, on small children that we, we say the green deal causes a lot of poverty in, in Europe and in the free world while India, China and other countries are polluting and we are not having the result and we are not saving the planet, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You already know all the narrative. The only changes that this time we are winning. They were trying to isolate me. They were trying to say nobody's talking to me.


But with the victory of Donald Trump, it his second mandate, things are changing Also in Europe, I formed the make Europe great again movement in order to win more and more national governments on our side. And it's happening this Sunday. We have elections in Romania and Poland. I was two days ago in Poland to support the conservative candidate there, Carol Naroski, who is the successor of Andre Doa. And we will be in power in a short period in the EU institutions in the European Council.


This is our aim, and this is exactly why they are trying to meddle with elections. They're trying to know elections, they're trying to ban candidates like Marine Le Pen in France and to consider IFD in Germany like an extremist organization. They only like the rule of law and the democracy only when it's suitable for them. When the tides are changing and people are voting conservative, they, they became, they become what they are really about authoritarian dictators, totalitarian regimes.


So obviously you have seen this massive populist upsurge in Europe. An enormous amount of that has been driven by the immigration issue. What is the immigration issue like in Romania? How much of that has mattered in this election cycle? It didn't matter because we are a poor country. We are a rich country from the poor point of view of resources because it is a popular subject. Now in Washington, I can tell you we have lots of rare earth. We have oil, we have natural gas, both onshore and offshore in the Black Sea. We have basically all the elements in the Mendel leaf table. But we are not benefiting from these minerals.


So half of our active population is working abroad, but it is an a subject in western Europe where our Romanians live. So this is why we had about 65% of the votes in the Romanians living in western Europe. I'm currently in Paris. I was earlier in Brussels and yesterday in Rome meeting with Romanians that are working there. So it's like a phenomenon all over the 27 states of the European Union. Of course, we are against the illegal migration, of course we are for respecting the law, of course we are for common sense.


And our enemies are beginning to be disrespected and ignored by, by the population who is not manipulated anymore by the mainstream media and have X accounts, Facebook accounts, YouTube, or TikTok accounts. The social media really helped to, to transform our society into a real democracy. Now I don't even need to campaign anymore because the Romanians are doing their videos or campaigning for, for us. So Mr. Simeon, let's say that you become the elected leader of Romania.


What is it? What are your first few actions look like? What do your first few months look like? What are your top priorities? Well, I'm running under a limited project to bring back democracy into Romania. I never believed this. I'm 38 years old. The Romanian revolution happened 35 years ago against the communists. Over 1000 people died then for freedom and for democracy. And now it seems to to be our duty to fight for democracy and freedom for the return to the constitutional order, hoping that we will this time have validated elections.


I will of course concentrate also on the economy, on reducing red tape bureaucracy and getting, getting the private sector in in power because they are the people who generate prosperity. And this is my main focus to work with foreign investors to help our local businesses to manage, to make Romania, which is a great, great country to have to generate prosperity for its citizens. Well that is George Nikolai Simeon. He of course is running for president of Romania.


He's the current front runner, likely to be the future president of Romania. Sir, thanks so much for taking the time. Good luck in the elections. Thank you Ben. Alrighty folks, it's time to get into a segment. We are now calling the take down. Here's the deal. The left loves to put out monologue speeches, diatribes, completely unchallenged, but not anymore. In take down we're going head-to-head breaking apart arguments piece by piece, exposing the contradictions, the logical fallacies, the outright nonsense they've had their say. Now it's my turn. Let's get to it. This is the takedown. Alrighty, so Reuben Gallego, he's the senator from Arizona who shouldn't be a senator from Arizona. Again, Republicans need to stop running bad candidates. He can't run carry a lake for every single seat ever.


Guys, just stop it. Anyway, Reen Gallego is now not just a senator from Arizona. He has presidential aspirations. He wants to run for president. He pretty openly is saying he wants to run for president. And so now he has presented a five pillar plan on the border and immigration. And let's just say that this plan that he's presenting is at odds with some of the things that he has said in the past and some of it's just bad. So here is Ruben Gallego explaining that our border and immigration systems are broken. Our border and immigration systems are broken. For decades, Congress has tried to take action at the end of the day, politics got in the way. We've seen the same chaos over and over and it's time to push forward and act a plan that works.


So where were you for several years there mdu? Like really where, where were you? I, I would like to know you're a senator from Arizona. Arizona is one of the state's hardest hit by the border crisis, went down to the border in Arizona and watched as the entire border was unoccupied by anything remotely like border patrol. As Mexican drug cartels. Drones were flying above the American side of the border. We were there, we saw it. That was your statement dude. And you were nowhere to be seen. Not only was he nowhere to be seen, by the way, if you go all the way back to 2017, Ruben Gallego was getting very angry when he was a representative at that point for Phoenix, he was getting very angry, the Trump administration for enforcing the law.


So go back to 2017. And the DHS was ordering more aggressive enforcement of detainment and deportation laws for undocumented immigrants according to AZ pbs.org. So what exactly did he say? He said the new guidelines tell us one thing the Trump administration is willing to go after just about any member of the immigrant community. Last week ICE arrested a DACA recipient and continues to hold him in custody without showing sufficient cause for his detention. Now the administration releases guidelines that lay the groundwork from mass deportation and tries to sell it to the American people as business as usual. This is far from the truth. And he continued to complain. He suggested quote, these are not the values our country was founded on.


So he says that the border isn't a political talking point to him. I think that it is. I really, really think that it is. Our border isn't a political talking point to me. In cities like Yuma Nogalas and Douglas Americans and Mexicans raise their kids start instances and cross border trade fuels our economy. But for these communities to thrive, we must have a secure border. As a marine combat veteran, I'm serious about keeping this country safe and doing it without sacrificing our values. He's so serious about keeping our country safe. He's so serious that back in July of 2018, house Republicans passed a resolution in support of officers and staffers with ice.


The Senate did too. And, and you know who abstained from that vote who decided not to actually vote for a resolution supporting ice? That one Ruben Gallego, who's then a representative, voted present on that particular resolution. So yeah, then he got to the actual point. Okay, the actual point he says he wants more, more border patrol agents. Okay, fine. I mean sure. Then he says that he wants to reform the asylum system. Now when he says he wants to reform the asylum system, what he means is he wants to make it much easier than it currently is under the Trump administration to grant asylum. He also wants to grant a broader pathway to citizenship for people. So what he really wants is a more open border, more regularized.


And so there, there are sort of two issues when it comes to the southern border. One is people who are crossing the border between ports of entry illegally. The other is people who are showing up at ports of entry and wanting to enter the country being given a sort of preliminary asylum ruling, being let into the interior and never showing up again. There's very little in what Reuben Gallego is saying. That stops number two. In fact, it actually accelerates number two by basically saying we should have quick, fast asylum hearings and basically let people into the country also pathway to citizenship for pretty much everybody who's here already. So amnesty, that's his argument. So yeah, solidify those borders. But amnesty everybody who's here, that does not sound like a moderate plan to me. Here's Ruben Gallego. We need to secure the southern border reform our asylum system, expand legal pathways to citizenship, protect dreamers, and tackle the reasons why people leave their homes in the first place.


Anyone who tells you that we can't do it all is selling America short. We can't secure a border, we can't fix our immigration system and we can do it in a way that is tough, fair, orderly, and human. So what exactly is that way? So if you actually look at his 21 page plan for his new immigration system, remember this is important 'cause he wants to run for president as a Democrat and Democrats are gonna pretend to be quasi border hawks before opening the border wide again. So he says, we need to make it easier for people to come to the United States legally. According to az luminaria.org, the plan calls for increasing the annual allotment of some visas in green cards and of removing or significantly increasing arbitrary per country country caps.


He calls for a pathway to citizenship for immigrants brought to the United States as children. That's like at least three and a half million people. He also wants a pathway to citizenship for spouses of US citizens who are in the country illegally. Joe Biden tried that last year that would've covered like 600,000 more people. She's talking about 4 million people immediately given amnesty under gall's plan. Also, he wants to hire more asylum officers and give them the power to decide those cases. So he wants to cut back on asylum access during border surges. But by adding more asylum judges, do you really believe that he's not going to loosen the standards on asylum from what Trump is doing Right now?


Diego argues the United States needs to figure out why migrants are leaving their home countries in the first place and then address those problems. Okay? That may very well be true, but that is actually the responsibility of their home countries, not the responsibility of the United States per se. Again, the game that Democrats are going to play now is they're going to pretend to be border hawks because they recognize that across the globe open borders is not a popular position. They understand that. And so now they're gonna try to cosplay as tough on immigration border hawks. Ruben Gallego is not that he has never been that pretending otherwise is simply silly. Okay? Meanwhile, the Democrat resistance is not going particularly well.


They have yet to find sort of the the talking point that they wish to hit upon. Bruce Springsteen tried his best. They wheeled him out. He's like Joe Biden, except he, he quasi sings. Bruce Springsteen is currently 75 years old. And you know, I gotta say I was never a Springsteen fan. I understand, I understand that a lot of people love him. Alright, whatever. But he is now going around talking about how Trump is treasonous In my home. The America I love. The America I've written about that has been a beacon of hope. And liberty for 250 years is currently in the hands of a corrupt, incompetent, and treasonous administration.


Tonight we ask all who believe in democracy and the best of our American experience to rise with us. Raise your voices against authoritarianism and let freedom ring. Okay? Where's Robert De Niro? We're just gonna bring out the octogenarian Democrats to try and lead the resistance. Good luck on that one. Speaking of old Democrats, Chuck Schumer says that Trump is a dictator as well. Why? Because he does not like offshore wind farms. I I These people are beyond parody. They're beyond parody. Trump gave them an absolute political gift with this whole Qatar jet thing. They're off it within like three days. It's unbelievable.


Instead they're like, ah, he's probably a dictator. Because, you know, offshore wind, yes. This is what the blue collar man and woman in America cares about, is that Trump doesn't like wind farms. Donald Trump hates offshore wind. He hates offshore wind because supposedly years ago they built a wind farm farm off the coast of his Scotland golf course. He fought to kill it, he lost. So now he's taking it out on all offshore wind to the detriment of the American energy needs with a, in a, in a way that is like, it's like a dictatorship In a way.


It is like a dictatorship. Yeah, because the wind farms, oh my God, they are so incompetent. Maybe Trump will be president forever. Maybe Trump 2028 is, I don't know. I mean, you guys are so bad at this. Truthfully awful at this alrightyy, it's a Friday. That means it's time for some culture talk. So I have some culture updates. First of all, there is a person named Lord. I say person because this person who is a woman wishes to suggest that she is not in fact a woman when asked by Chapel Rowan, another woman who pretends that she's not a woman. I don't know what's so bad about being a woman that women don't wanna just be it. And why is Chapel Rowan trying to like run away from being a woman and apparently so is the Lord not, not like L-O-R-D-L-O-R-D-E.


I dunno. Think he does. It's silent. And apparently chapel Rowan asked Lord if she was non-binary, which is not a thing. There's no such thing as a non-binary person. There are intersex people, but there's no such thing as a person who is non-binary. It's a made up nonsense term for trash, for stupid, for people who have some sort of deep desire for attention that they cannot earn any other way. Apparently Lord said quote, I'm a woman except for the days when I'm a man. Well, that's interesting. Does she randomly grow a penis? How does that work? Precisely. Apparently Lord said her idea of gender began to change in 2023. So I'm just gonna point out at this point that Lord is 28 years old.


Her idea of her gender began to change when she was according to her 26. That what? Hmm, I feel like that's not a biological imperative then. If I'm gonna be given this line that all of this is just part of, it's all baked into the cake. Born this way baby. And the words of Lady Gaga. If, if that's the take, then you don't get to claim that you randomly changed your mind about your gender when you were trying on a pair of men's jeans in 2023. That's, that's what she says. She says she tried on a pair of men's jeans and sent the photo to her collaborator, Jim Eack.


I say Jim E because the name is spelled Jim hyphen capital E. Not Jimmy, Jim e like Wall E. Apparently he's some sort of Disney robot. He responded, I want to see the u that's in this picture represented in the music. Then while writing one of the songs that appeared on an album called Man of the Year, she said she tried to visualize how her gender felt in that moment, dressed in men's jeans with duct tape on her chest, similar to her Met Gala. Look this year. That's that the, these people are very well, very, very well probably we should let them promulgate culture and and decency to your chi, to your children.


Now that seems to be the thing that matters the most. That's just, that's that's great. Okay, so what did we learn? We learned that a lot of mentally ill people in the performing arts is one of the things that we learned. Now, speaking of people in the performing arts, we have some updates on Halle Berry. I know you haven't heard that name for a while, but apparently Khan Film Festival has now issued a new dress code forbidding voluminous outfits and nudity from the red carpet and theaters. By the way, I have the same exact rules at our dinner table. No voluminous outfits and also no nudity at the dinner table. And mostly it works except for the 2-year-old. The fact that you have to make these rules for, you know, grown ass adults is pretty impressive apparently, according to an article that is available at M-S-N-B-C, given the cultural reorientation toward conservatism across the western world, especially in America, this new dress code reeks of control.


That reeks of control, okay? Apparently it was at least in part a reaction to Bianca San's viral moment on the Grammy's red carpet in February where she and her Nazi husband showed up And then she just took off all her clothes. So that's great. And apparently this had something to do with Halle Berry because Halle Berry has worn stuff, I guess that is either voluminous or contains nudity. Before I even get to this, do you remember what Halle Berry was in last? I remember I saw her, I feel like in one of the John Wick movies. So you know what I'm gonna ask our friends and sponsors over at Perplexity?


Yes, I'm correct about that. So John Wick, chapter three, she was in it, it was kind of weird, but she hasn't been a lot recently. She was in the X-Men series, you'll recall where she played Tulsi Gabbard, sorry, storm. And then she was in Monsters Ball where she won Academy Award for Best actress. That's when Billy Bob Thornton was, that was kind of his first round being a thing. She, she was in die another day playing Jinx Johnson. That's why they, they, they as we'll see, they asked her about James Bond, which is kind of interesting. And yeah, that, that was kind of it. You know, it's, it's been, it's been a checkered career, shall we say. And some hits a lot of misses.


But that wasn't the only Halle Berry story. Apparently Halle Berry did something. We have, we have a good Halle, bad Halle. We need, we need the, the Trump music here. We have Good Halle, bad Halle Inc. Con. So she said something that is true, which is that James Bond should never be a woman again. I love the fact that we have to say the perfectly obvious now because apparently it's very controversial to say the perfectly obvious. I don't know if double oh seven really should be a woman. I mean, you know, in 2025, it's nice to say, oh, she should be a woman. But I don't really know if I think that's the right thing to do. And no, I, I doubt there'll be a jinx spinoff. There was a time that that could have happened. Probably should have happened. I would've loved for that to happen. But I think that time has passed. That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. That there was a time when it should have happened. Of course, it shouldn't have happened that way. 'cause men and women are at different, again, I provide you with the perfect example of why this is the case. The reason that James Bond is an interesting and cool character. One of the reasons is because since the inception of the James Bond character, he can talk any woman he meets into bed, right? This is just a reality of the character is not me saying it. This is what the character is. So there is a widespread perception that that is like a difficult thing to do. And what makes James Bond uniquely charming, sua and persuasive, is that he can do that. He can get beautiful women into bed with him. You know, what we call a woman who can get any man into bed with her, A woman. That's what we call a woman who can get any man into bed with her, basically, because it turns out that male sex drive and the female sex drive are not the same. And there's science to prove this. This is not me just speaking anecdotally, this is scientific, a scientifically speaking. They've done studies. This is actually my favorite social science study. There is a, a a couple of professors, and what they did is they had a beautiful woman walk through a bar and proposition a bunch of men, I'd say, say to them, listen, I don't wanna have a relationship with you. I'm not interested in the quick jibber jabber. Let's just go back to my place. And nearly 100% of the men in the bar said yes. Nearly 100%. The only ones who said no, it was because they had an other appointment or because they were married and they had to get home. Okay? Those were the only reasons everyone else in the bar said yes men, they repeated the experiment except they had a man go into a bar and do the same thing. The man would go up to a woman and say, listen, I don't wanna mess around here, let's just go back to my place. His hit rate was zero zero because it turns out that men and women do not approach sex the same way. So if James Bond one, one of his major appeals is that, well then it doesn't work the same way if he's a chick. The same thing, by the way, also happens to be true in, I know that it's a, it's a now famous Hollywood idiocy that women can beat up very large men. And it's in the Bond movies, right? You'll see de Armas beating up guys who are like four times her size. And it's ridiculous. And, and actually when you watch these sort of stunt scenes, the sort of the, the preparation for the scenes where Anna de Armas is beating up these giant men, you can tell how ridiculous it is. And they add all sorts of sound effects and they move the camera in different ways. They add velocity to, to her movements in order to make it look as though she can really beat the hell outta Anna to Armes is a tiny person, right? Anna Armes is her height. She's five foot six. She might weigh, like, I I don, I don't know what Anna to arm's weight is. It, it cannot be particularly high. I I would bet that, that Anna to Armes weighs no more than a hundred and, and 25 pounds soaking wet. I don't care who you are. If you're a 125 pound woman and you are going up against a 220 pound man, you're done. You're finished. It's why there are weight classes among men. It's why you don't have a lightweight fighting Mike Tyson, because that would be idiotic. So can you make James Bond a 125 pound beautiful woman And it be the same character? Of course not. Okay. So Halle Berry is right about that. But then we got to Halle Berry being a weirdo. 'cause we have to. So it was Mother's Day, which means it was time for Halle Berry to pose nude with her Paramore. Talking about lubrication. Oh, goody gumdrops. Joel, y'all Oh, my day started, how my Mother's Day started. And now I'm gonna tell you about, I'm not gonna show you, I'm gonna tell you about how my Mother's Day is gonna end. Ain't that right, man? Yes. I wish you hurry up to me. First of all, we gotta, let's spin because Let's Spin just came out in this cute little travel size. And so since we're in Cam France, I travel with it for the first time and we are about to give it a spin you about to Can with Van Happy Mother's Day. Once again, everybody, I hope all of you are somewhere spinning. Oh my God, I ain't never miss one. Happy to have Mother's Day come to an end. Mm. Well, as it is Mother's Day. I hope that her two children really revel in that Mother's Day video and really enjoy it because there's nothing, children love better on Mother's Day than to hear their parents talk about lubrication publicly. That bed that would with her new boyfriend. Pretty, pretty solid stuff there. That's, that's great. That's just great. Oh yeah. All right. Well, that's the thing that's happening in all of our lives. Apparently Alrightyy coming up, we'll get to the latest on Scandal Biden. Yes. It turns out that everybody knew, but everybody pretended they didn't know. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Code Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.