(0s):
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.

(31s):
Well folks, more state polling is out and it shows once again that the race is unbelievably close, which means the debate next week is going to be pretty much everything. If Donald Trump shows up and mops the floor with Kamala Harris, or if Kamala Harris shows up and shockingly outperforms, that could be the deciding factor in this election. Well get to what Trump needs to do and what he needs to avoid in the debate momentarily. First in one week, Matt Walsh's Am I Racist hits theaters nationwide. It's not just comedy, it's a fact-based takedown of Left's, DEI, dogma theaters are selling out fast with new venues added every single day. Get your tickets right now@miracist.com. Okay, so the new polling is in, according to the brand new u gov poll that is out this week, it shows Kamala Harris and Donald Trump deadlocked in Pennsylvania.

(1m 16s):
She's up by 1 46 45, but that's within the margin of error. Nevada, it shows her up by 3 49 to 46. That is a three point swing, obviously, but that's also within the margin of error. The same thing is true in Wisconsin, where she has a three point lead in Michigan. She has a more durable five point lead, according to that brand new u gov poll. But the bottom line remains consistently. All of these states are effectively tied. All of the major battleground states right now are effectively tied, which is why Nate Silver continues to suggest in his modeling that Donald Trump is actually in the lead because the polls tend to under sample Trump's supporters at least a little bit because he has a lot of low propensity voters who show up just for Donald Trump makes the electorate really, really hard to model.

(1m 58s):
Plus, there are a bunch of systemic factors that don't cut exactly in Kamala Harris' favor. The more people see of Kamala Harris, the less they like her, at least in unscripted settings, which is why she's only done scripted settings for this entire election cycle. Kamala Harris, for her part, she's going to spend pretty much the next five, six days actually just prepping for the debate according to the Washington Post. While Donald Trump is out campaigning, Harris is headed to Pittsburgh where AIDS say she'll spend several days preparing for Tuesday's presidential debate with Donald Trump. Now, honestly, that's kind of amazing. Why does she require many days to prep for debate with Donald Trump? It's not as though Donald Trump is new to the political scene. What are her lines of attack going to be? The answer here is that she's gonna have to memorize a lot.

(2m 40s):
'cause she doesn't have the ability to stick and move. She has no capacity to actually adjust on her feet to the things happening around her. And so she's gonna have to memorize a lot, and they're probably planning for that. That is why despite all the protestations about how they're mad that the microphones will be closed, because they were hoping for some sort of Donald Trump silly statement in the middle of one of her statements, so she can claim she's being interrupted and victimized and, and all of the rest. You could see a world where it actually benefits her that Donald Trump can't actually interject to anything because you know, if she's got a bunch of questions memorized, then she can sort of spit them out the way that you would and wrote fashion on a seventh grade social studies exam.

(3m 20s):
In any case, let's get into what Donald Trump has to do in the debate. So again, this debate is pretty much everything because here's the thing, Donald Trump's numbers right now, pretty much stagnant. They're not really going anywhere, but Kamala Harris' numbers have been all over the place. Historically speaking, if you go back to before she was the candidate she was losing to Trump pretty significantly in the polls. Then they swapped out the dead president for an alive vice president, and suddenly she had new levels of enthusiasm. That all came right back into play. So much enthusiasm for Kamala Harris, right? That was the story. And with that came a certain level of support. The joy and the vibes, however, seemed to be waning because the polls really have not moved since.

(4m 1s):
The polls have been really stagnant for several weeks now. The DNC did not move them. Not only that, Donald Trump, JD Vance, they've been out doing interviews like pretty much every day. Frank LZ makes the point that Donald Trump and JD Vans have done legitimately dozens of interviews in the same timeframe that Harris Walls has done. One. The Trump vans ticket, according to once, has done a combined 38 interviews since August 6th. Harris Walls has done one, and it was 16 minutes of her talking. One says this could end up being like Trump holding 106 campaign rallies while Hillary Clinton held 71 in the final 70 days of the 2016 race.

(4m 41s):
He says the campaign rally trend from 2016 is resembling the current media interview trend in 2024. She continues to avoid all adversarial situations because she's really bad at this, which means, again, Trump has to seize on the situation. There probably is only one debate. I know there's been talk about a second debate. I don't think so. If Kamala Harris outperforms, she just won't give it to Trump, she'll say no, and then she'll hope to coast all the way into the White House on the basis of that one debate, and Trump clocks her. I'm not sure why he would give her a second debate if he clocks her, and if she's really starting to drop in the polls, then he'll just let that sit. He'll say, I did two presidential debates, two for two knocked out, two candidates done. Folks. When Kamala Harris says there's gonna be a second debate, I think she is fibbing.

(5m 23s):
But it turns out there are a lot of people who are fibbing, including your cell phone company.

(5m 27s):
So Verizon, at and t T-Mobile, they want you to believe you need unlimited data. So they can charge you a lot of money, but you actually don't have to do that. You could be charged half that amount of money if you get the actual amount of data you need. With Pure Talk, with Pure Talk, my cell phone company, you can choose how much data you actually want and you can save. Listen to this. For just 35 bucks a month, you can get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G network. You know what you can do with that much data? You can browse the internet for 500 hours. You can stream 3000 songs. You watch 30 hours video. That's if you're not on wifi. Here's the best part. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you'll get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider, which means access to the full library of DW plus movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is Woman Mr. Burham run Hide, fight Plus Uncensored ad free daily shows, one year free of our kids platform Bent Key and your very own free leftist steers Tumblr. The only way you can get that special offer is by going to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Or you can call and mention my name, stop overpaying for yourself on plan. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider.

(6m 31s):
So I think this will be the one and only debate all the talk about a future debate, a possible future. I think that's all nonsense. I'd be shocked if there was a second debate. So what does Trump actually have to do? Well, he has to pursue nine themes, and then there are three things he can't do. He doesn't have to hit all nine, but these are the themes he should pursue. So theme number one, and this stems directly from her tendency to hide from everything. Her tendency to hide from legitimately all possibility of adversarial questions. Theme number one is that she is hiding and he's now going to hold her accountable. So right at the very outset, as soon as he gets control of the mic, Trump should start by thanking her for showing up. You say, I'm so glad that you showed up because Frankly, no one's been able to ask you a question.

(7m 13s):
No one's been asking you. You've been running away from every question you pretended that you had earphones in your ear to avoid questions from the media. You didn't want interview. You don't wanna answer questions because you don't understand your own policies, you don't agree with your own policies. You, you've changed your policies over and over, right? That's what I don't worry, I won't do the annoying Trump impersonation this whole time, but that is what he should say. He should say, thank you for showing up, because it's finally, it's great to be able to see someone ask you a question. I know you're trying to run on vibes, but it turns out that being President of the United States should be about a little bit more than vibes. Theme number two is that she is the incumbent and she owns this. So Kamala Harris during this debate is gonna make a lot of promises. She's gonna talk about how she's gonna lower inflation, she's going to fight for the middle class.

(7m 57s):
She's gonna shut down that border, and what he should say over and over is, so why didn't you do it? Every time they flash back to me should say, you know, Kamala, I hear you making a lot of promises. I notice that you're the vice president of the United States today. I'm not the incumbent. You are the incumbent. You own the inflation. You own the Afghanistan decision. That left 19 million women in abject sexual slavery, locking them in the basement, getting tens of thousands of our allies killed, presumably leaving billions of dollars in military equipment over there and getting 13 American service people killed. You are the last person in the room on that one.

(8m 38s):
You are the incumbent. You own it. So when you say you're gonna change things, why should we trust you? We know what a Kamala Harris administration looks like, 'cause we're in the middle of one and it sucks. If she says, I'm gonna do X, you should immediately say, so why didn't you do it? So again, theme one. So glad you could show up to actually answer hard questions. We'll see if you do. And theme two is you're the incumbent and you own it. So now it's time for you to answer for it. Theme three, she's wildly dishonest. It's not just that she's vague. We'll get to that in a minute. It's that she's totally and completely dishonest, and here he should hammer her on Joe Biden's health. It turns out that 80% of Americans believe that we were lied to about Joe Biden's health and that people who continue to maintain that Joe Biden is totally with it.

(9m 22s):
Well solid, that 80% of Americans believe those people are lying to them. He should hammer her on this In that ridiculous interview with Dan Bash over on CNN. She literally said that Joe Biden is with it. He's strong, he's ral, he's really he, he's a, he's a man in full. And so Donald Trump should say, you know, you keep saying that, that he's healthy and that he's with it. That raises a couple of questions. One, why are you lying? Everybody knows. Everybody knows that you are lying and that that's not true. But that also raises another question, which is, why are you here? Why are you here? If he's so with it, if he's so well, if you weren't lying before that, he could serve a second term.

(10m 3s):
Why are you here? What gives you the ability to be the nominee swapping out your old nominee? You say that he's totally well, so are you lying? Like what's the story? Is he well, is he with it or is he senile? And are you lying to the American people? Right? The question of honesty is a really big one for Kamala Harris because she is in fact a liar. She lies an awful lot. He should point out that she is doing ads in which she walks next to his border wall and pretends that she's hard on border security because she's lying. She can't even keep her accent straight. When she's in Detroit, she starts dropping into a southern accent, and the minute she's in Pittsburgh, she suddenly sounds like she's a business school student at Hofstra's.

(10m 47s):
Amazing. So that's theme three. She's dishonest. Theme four, totally incoherent. So at some point during this debate, you know, she's gonna drop a word salad. She's gonna start waving the arms around, making the weird hand motions. You know, the importance of the environment is that the environment Which houses us all On this planet, we like to call the earth so important. And when she finishes her answer, he should say the exact same thing to her that he said to Joe Biden, he should say Frankly. I don't know what she said, and I don't think she does either. That was nonsensical.

(11m 28s):
I said that about her predecessor in this race, Joe Biden, because he legitimately didn't know what he was saying at any given time because of his mental pro, his mental problems of his sad decline. But you, you don't know what you're talking about because you legitimately don't know what you're talking about. You can't hold, you can't hold firm on a single policy. You can't explicate policy positions without randomly exploring the of empty, vague rhetoric. You can spit out bumper stickers and mix that in with nonsense. It doesn't make it a coherent policy, and you are incoherent. It's incoherent. The American people deserve a president who actually, you know, knows his own policies.

(12m 9s):
Theme number five, she's radical. And now this is perfectly obvious. Kamala Harris is the most radical presidential candidate in modern American history, which is to say all of American history because you know, if you're a radical candidate, then your radicalism has likely flowered in the United States in the last half century or so. She is easily the most radical candidate in American history. He should say, you told the truth about your positions in 20 19, 20 20 when you ran for president that time, you told the truth about them. You say now that you don't believe any of the things you believed in 20 19, 20 20. So I wanna know why you switched. What did you learn? Were you super wrong? Then? You say that you have the same exact values that you held in 20 19, 20 20.

(12m 50s):
So why you switching all of your actual policies? Could it be that you're not switching your policies and you are lying and you are just as radical as you ever were and now you're lying to get past Pennsylvania, for example, you wanted to ban fracking in 20 19, 20 20. That is radical. And now you say you don't wanna ban fracking based on what? Based on what is fracking now safe and wonderful according to you, I don't believe you. You said in 20 19, 20 20, that by 2035, you actually co-sponsored a bill saying that by 2035, there should not be gas powered engines in the United States sold on the market. Now, you say that you don't want an electric vehicle mandate, but you were also asked just last week by Axios, whether you would veto such a bill and you had no answer.

(13m 35s):
So I think you're lying. Do you wanna decriminalize border crossings Back in 20 19, 20 20, you said that you did want to decriminalize border crossings when your Attorney General of the state of California, you sued to try to prevent the federal government from cracking down on sanctuary cities. So where are you on that? Should we decriminalize border crossings? Now you say you're tough on the border, and if you say that you've shifted. I want to know why you said that you wanted to propose tax on unrealized capital gains. Even your gigantic billionaire supporter, mark Cuban says that will destroy the stock market. So what's the story?

(14m 12s):
Kamala Harris, she is indeed a radical and and I gotta tell you, it is tiring covering all of her lives, which is why I have to stay healthy. I mean, look, I'm on the road right now and I was literally campaigning this week, four Senate candidates in Nevada. I got a lot going on. So I'm trying to stay healthy. That means you gotta get your sleep, gotta exercise when you're on the road. That's hard. One thing I can do is my balance of Nature. It fits right into my day to day. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. That sounds miserable. It sounds time consuming with balance of Nature, fruits and veggies. However, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplements to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily balance of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn them into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day and your body knows what to do with them. It's kosher, which means I can just put it right in that protein smoothie in the morning. Go to balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro. Again, it's gonna be hard to cram down all those fruits and veggies, not the easiest thing in the world. Instead, why not try out balance of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro. Get 35% off your first order as a preferred customer and a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of Nature dot com. Promo code. Shapiro,

(15m 21s):
your pro race reparations in the United States in 20 19, 20 20. Did something magically change? Did something change? Or are you just that radical? You're pro-abortion until birth. You're pro transing. The children, the most radical candidate in American history. A theme six. She's absolutely weak, super duper weak. So you wanna pretend that you are hardcore on the border. You are not. You'll presided over the single greatest invasion via the southern border in the history of our nation in terms of illegal immigration. Bar none, not close. You say that, you know, when you were ag in California, you cracked down hard on crime, really, did you? Because there was actually a massive crime lab at failure that led to the release of 1000 criminals onto the streets because you were so soft on crime.

(16m 4s):
You were a San Francisco prosecutor, and now you wanna be a San Francisco president. You say you're gonna be tough on terrorism, they're gonna have a lethal military. You haven't even unleashed that lethal military on the Houthis, a ragtag bunch of bandits who have held up all shipping in the Red Sea. What is it you would say you do around here if you're so tough, if you're so, if you're so rough on the world stage, people actually fear you. Why does no one fear you? Why are all of our enemies on the move? Russia invaded Ukraine while you were vice President. Iran has activated from seven different fronts, attacks on Israel. Well, you're the vice president. China is casting its eyes at Taiwan. Well, you are vice president. They don't think you're tough.

(16m 45s):
Xi doesn't think you're tough. Putin doesn't think you're tough. The Iranians don't think you're tough. They think you're a Mark. Theme number seven, you are a terrible manager. You wanna manage the economy of the United States. You've never run a Popsicle stand. Your campaign was so bad in 2020 that there were vast articles about how terrible that campaign was. You had to drop out before you even got to your own home state. The amazing thing about you, Kamala, is that you somehow became the presidential nominee for a major American party by never winning a single primary vote in your entire life. That's unprecedented. It's insane. You've never run a good campaign. You nearly lost your attorney general's race in the far left state of California to a Republican.

(17m 27s):
That's how incompetent a campaigner you are. You only won your Senate race in California 'cause you're running against another Democrat, Loretta Sanchez. You have a a 93% turnover rate in the office of the vice presidency where you do nothing all day. Now you wanna manage America. You couldn't even manage a campaign to win a nomination, FEMA eight. You're not just radical. You are a threat to democracy. You have pledge to completely revise the bargain of the Constitution between the people and their government. You have pledged that if you become president and if you have a Democratic Senate and a Democratic house, you'll immediately kill the filibuster. You'll then use a bare Senate majority in order to ram through a wide variety of radical proposals, ranging from stacking the Supreme Court to changing voting rules, to mandate ballot harvesting across the nation.

(18m 15s):
That is the practice where you have party apparat who go around and pick up ballots from their favored constituencies. It's really corrupt to adding states to the United States Senate, to permanently stacked the United States Senate in favor of Democrats. The administration under which you serve has used more executive orders than any administration in modern history. That administration has tried to use the Occupational Safety and health Administration in order to cram down a V mandate on 80 million Americans. You are a threat to democracy. You wanna claim I'm a threat to democracy because there was a riot on January 6th. How about the fact that you presided as a vice presidential candidate over some of the worst riots in American history?

(18m 57s):
And I say presided over because you had tried to bail out the rioters in the Black Lives Matter riots. And finally, theme number nine, you're just not up to the job. You failed at every single job Joe Biden ever gave you. He put you in charge of like the space program, and now we can't even have a rocket. Get up to the International Space Station to get down our astronauts. Joe Biden put you in charge of the border in the northern triangle and illegal immigration skyrocketed. Joe Biden made you part of the Ukraine team, and Ukraine was promptly invaded. You were totally sidelined in the White House according to multiple reports because you were so incompetent. In fact, you were an afterthought. The only reason we're even talking about you right now is because your boss went totally senile and then you were rammed into the nomination by Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.

(19m 41s):
There's literally no issue on which you have been given control that you have not botched beyond all belief. You're not up to the job. Okay? So those are the nine themes that Trump has to hit. Doesn't have to hit all of them, but he has to hit a lot of them. Again, just to repeat quickly, one, she's hiding and he's gonna hold her accountable. Two, she's the incumbent and she owns all of this. Three, she's dishonest. She's a liar. Theme four, she's incoherent. Theme five, she's radical. Theme six, she's weak. Theme seven, she's an awful manager. Theme eight, she's a threat to democracy and theme nine, she's not up to the job. Again, should be a pretty target rich environment for, for President Trump. She has been able to shift this race to pretend she's not the incumbent. Somehow she's running against Joe Biden and Donald Trump. That's a lie and everybody knows it.

(20m 22s):
Now, this brings us to the stuff that Trump cannot do, the stuff that Trump cannot do. Number one, he cannot lose his cool. The Kamala Harris campaign is betting on him losing his cool. This is the real reason why they were upset about the lack of open mics during the actual debate. They were really pushing harder for the open mics. They were hoping to prompt him into a moment where he stepped on her toes and then she could claim that she was a victim. She could go crying to the audience. Here's Ian Sams, who's the Harris Walls senior advisor on M-S-N-B-C, just lamenting and whining and about the fact that there won't be open mics. I think you mentioned the fact that the Trump campaign insisted on having the microphones muted in the debate on Tuesday night. I think that you can see that that's clearly a concentrated effort by President Trump to create a parameter to let him be more disciplined and more careful in his approach.

(21m 10s):
I think people might be underestimating his ability in the debate, given the structure and format of those muted microphones. You know, he, he lies so much that it's hard to fact check him in real time, whether you're a moderator or a candidate running against him. And so I think his handlers worked really hard to make sure that those mics stay muted to put him in a better position to be successful. Okay, well, again, the reason that they're doing this, the reason they're pushing is because what they're desperately hoping for is for Trump to overstep his boundaries, lose his, lose his temper, and then she can do the mm, He see. He, he's not, he's too volatile Like that. That's what they're looking for. And I'm speaking, I'm, I'm speaking, I'm speaking. Yeah, They, they're waiting for that moment.

(21m 51s):
So Trump has to make sure he does not lose his school.

(21m 53s):
And by the way, you do too when it comes to, you know, like back taxes or unfiled returns, easy to lose your mind if you're hit with something by the IRS. But you can get help with Tax Network. USA, they are your best offense. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions of dollars in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up tax network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies, or property seizures are halted in their tracks. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're just missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. Now that tax season is over, collection season has begun. Tax Network, USA can even help with state tax issues For a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000, or visit their website at tusa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000, or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with tax Network USA.

(23m 2s):
Second, he cannot make personal insinuations. This one's really hard because Frankly, her life story is filled with personal insinuations and Trump loves that kind of stuff, and Trump should definitely avoid the Willie Brown of it, and he should avoid it, mainly because it's not a winning tactic. Not 'cause it ain't true. It turns out, it, it is amazing that we have now reached a point in the United States of America where it's considered more controversial to mention the fact that Kamala Harris got her start by having sex with Willie Brown, one of the most important men in California politics. It's more taboo to say that than it is for her to have done it. That's kind of an amazing thing about the United States in this day and age. Don't mention it, don't mention it all. It was all done on skill.

(23m 43s):
It was all done on on her skill and her wherewithal and her strength. No problem. That she actually, you know, got her start by sleeping with one of the most powerful men in California politics, who overtly talks about how much he helped her on her way up. But Trump shouldn't touch it because other people will say it. And because he will be labeled a sexist and because then it will open him up to all sorts of allegations about his own sex life and, and that sort of stuff. She wants to play victim. That is the, that is her last tactic. Her tactic of the last resort is that she's Donald Trump's victim. He should not give that to her. And then finally, the biggest one of all, he should not waste time on personal grievances. Now, this one's very hard for President Trump, as we know for President Trump. His rallies are really funny and they're fun and there's a lot going on at them until he gets to Festivus.

(24m 26s):
There's always a part of the rallies where he just starts to go into the Festivus grievances. Now, he's been doing this a lot less lately. President Trump has been avoiding this. He's been talking about her policy. We'll get to a, a very good policy speech he gave on economics just yesterday. But he has an unfortunate habit when prompted of talking about how the election was stolen and January 6th and the victims of January and all this kind of stuff. Unhelpful, even if he believes it totally, totally unhelpful. The same thing is true. For example, if he is asked about his comments regarding Kamala Harris's race, they will certainly, and she will certainly bring up the fact that he suggested that she didn't consider herself black or something.

(25m 8s):
And what he should say is, look, Kamala, what I was talking about is your radical dishonesty when it comes to how you code switch. You go from audience to audience, you change your accent in order to appeal to different audiences and is really, really dishonest. But of course, you're black, everyone knows you're black. That is clearly true. You should just say that that should be the end of it. If he follows rabbit holes, that is what she's hoping for. That would be a very large scale mistake. So it's a very winnable debate for President Trump. And again, her entire strategy is to just throw him off his game. Her entire strategy is to make him mad. Her entire strategy is to have him demonstrate on the stage why he's unfit. And so that's gonna be her saying kind of nasty things or kind of prodding him.

(25m 52s):
I, I think if he keeps his cool, he'll be in pretty good shape. But he does have to push her on some issues. He does have to push around some issues. The good news is, I think that's precisely what he's gonna do. Now, good news is you can watch it with us because that debate is happening Tuesday, September 10th. It's the most consequential debate in modern history. We're, we're doing it backstage. We're gonna bring you a live simulcast of the debate and reactions from those trusted voices in conservative media. So join me, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavin, and Jeremy Boring for full coverage and analysis. Watch it live with us over at Daily Wire Plus. It's gonna be a hell of a night. Go check that out over at Daily Wire Plus. That is your reminder for next Tuesday night. That's where you're going to want to watch the debate. Okay? Meanwhile, president Trump yesterday, he laid out a pretty extensive economic plan.

(26m 34s):
You give Good speech is the economic club of New York. And again, when Trump is on the issues, he wins Right now, the polling suggests that in the swing states he's winning on the economy. He's gonna win more on the economy as she continues to lay out her terrible plans for the economy, all of which involves spending oodles of dollars and taxing. Pretty much everything that moves, she's gonna tax everything that moves until it's dead. And then she's going to regulate the remains. That is, that is effectively her plan. President Trump for his part, He CAN tout his record. One of the points I've made about this election is that in this election, Donald Trump wants you to remember his tenure in office. And Kamala Harris wants you to forget hers. That's something Trump should probably say in the debate.

(27m 16s):
I'm here to remind you of my record in office, and she is here to make you forget hers. Here he was touting his own record. Economically speaking, Real median household income rose by $7,684. And even after the pandemic annual incomes were up $6,400. The average American household saw $197,000 increase in real net worth in 48 months. For the bottom 50% of households average wealth more than doubled increasing by 121%. After 12 years of decline, we added nearly 7 million new homeowners never happened before.

(28m 2s):
And in three years, we created 7 million new jobs, 260% more than projected. From the day I won to the day I left the s and p 500 increased by 80%. Again, that's the record. That's the record. And Kamala Harris will try to compete with that. She'll say that she created a bunch of jobs. Now, Kamala Harris, you know, she's gonna lie about pretty much anything. And you know what lies sometimes win unless you actually pursue truth.

(28m 28s):
Which is why if you're looking for an educational experience that does pursue truth, you should check out Grand Canyon University. It's a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. GCU believes we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with a purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community. Whether you're pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December 20, 23, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours, Find, your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian, affordable, visit@gcu.edu. That's gcu.edu.

(29m 18s):
The reality is, virtually all the jobs created under Biden Harris are what would be called rebound jobs. Meaning they were jobs that were lost during Covid that just came back to where they were. And then we started growing again, but at a slower rate than under President Trump. And right now we're having some pretty significant reports of joblessness. The number jobs gone heels. Speaking of which, president Trump speaking at the Economic Club of New York, he says, we're gonna lower everything. We're gonna lower the prices, we're gonna lower the taxes, we're gonna lower the interest rates. All of it. I am promising low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, secure borders, low, low, low crime, and surging incomes for citizens of every race, religion, color, and cre.

(30m 11s):
My plan will rapidly defeat inflation, quickly bring down prices and reignite explosive economic growth. Again, this is all very good stuff. This is all very Trump on teleprompter wins the election. Trump off the teleprompter. We'll have to find out. President Trump also suggested that he's going to go along with Elon Musk's plan for a government efficiency commission to cut spending and cut regulation. Here was announcing that I will create a government efficiency commission task with conducting a complete financial and performance audit of the entire federal government and making recommendations for drastic reforms we need to do. It can't go on the way we are now.

(30m 51s):
And Elon, because he's not very busy, has agreed to hit that task force. Be interesting. If he has the time, it'd be a good one to do it. But he's agreed to do it Again. That's wonderful. That's great. He also says he's going to eliminate regulations even faster than he did in his first term. In his first term, forever regulation that was promulgated five and a half or appealed. He's going to now up that rate. He said he's gonna do that. Specifically because of the additional regulations put in place by the Biden Harris administration. I will launch a historic campaign to liberate our economy from crippling regulation. My first term, I pledged to cut two old regulations for every one new regulation.

(31m 33s):
And we did much better than that. As I've said yet, over the past four years, Kamala has added $6,300 a year in regulatory costs onto the backs of the typical American family. Think of that, to stop this onslaught at lower prices, I'm pledging today that in my second term we will eliminate a minimum of 10 old regulations for every one new regulation. Again, this is all very good. And he has a proposal. He wants to lower the corporate tax rate for firms producing in the United States. Now the reality is that if you relieve regulation and you radically lower the corporate tax rates for everyone, not just people producing in the United States, you'll get an explosion of growth, an explosion of innovation and investment.

(32m 19s):
So listen, I'd rather have selective tax reductions than no tax reductions, but I'd rather have general tax reductions than selective tax reductions. Still is an interesting proposal. My plan calls for expanded r and d tax credits, 100% bonus depreciation, expensing for new manufacturing investments, and a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 21% to 15% solely for companies that make their product in America. And Trump also went on attack while speaking at the Economic Club of New York. He slammed Kam omics here, Comrade Kamala Harris wants to sacrifice our wealth, kill the economy, and drive jobs overseas to punish businesses.

(33m 6s):
More businesses will leave her tax plan, which includes the promise to end the Trump tax cuts, which again, by itself would be a massive tax increase, would increase taxes by over $5 trillion. It would result in the largest small business tax hike in history, massively raising taxes on 25 million small business people and raising small business tax rates to 43% and higher. Radically raise the capital gains tax rate, which she wants to do. And they don't even want to give a number. Well, of course he's right about that. And he ripped her on her idiotic plan to tax unrealized capital gains.

(33m 48s):
These policies, especially the tax on unrealized capital gains, would decimate the US economy companies and innovation would flee from America to other countries. Venture capital markets would disappear, the stock market would be annihilated, and investors assess the tax liabilities of large shareholders. The seniors and senior pensions would totally go up in smoke. They'd be worthless. These are not the policies designed to create a prosperous America. These are policies to turn the United States into Venezuela on steroids. Even Mark Cuban, who was one of her biggest boosters, billionaire, he was asked about her tax on unrealized capital gains.

(34m 32s):
And he's like, yeah, that would destroy the stock market. Well then what whatcha doing, dude, like, come on To her. Her value proposition is we need to tax everybody fairly, I'm starting from the Biden plan as a starting point, but that's not necessarily her ending Point. Mark, lemme just say I, I, I appreciate you calling in telling us what you're hearing on these fronts, that's great. But as you've said yourself, you can't speak for the vice president. These are things they're telling you. Who knows what they're telling other people? My guess is they're telling anybody who's donating to them exactly what they wanna hear at this point. What matters, what they say, what they will stick to. No, no, no, no, no, no. Absolutely positively not. No, they, they would n no, they would never double talk.

(35m 13s):
Never ever. They would never double talk. Sure, sure. By the way, I do love that Joe Biden occasionally he's kinda slipping the knife into Kamala Harris. Like he's not super happy with this whole situation. So yesterday slow, Joe was out there on the campaign trail and he actually admitted full scale that the Inflation Reduction Act was totally misnamed and was a giant green New Deal boondoggle. That, that, that's not very good for Kamala Harris. Here was Joe Biden trying to speak out of his mouthful yesterday. My, my investments that through my investments, the most significant climate change law ever. And by the way, it is a $369 billion bill. It's called the, we, we should have named it what it was.

(35m 54s):
But, but any rate. So again, if Trump stays on the issues, he retains the upper hand in this election cycle. He does.

(36m 3s):
Okay, in just one second, we'll get to a couple of economic proposals from President Trump that are mirrored by the Democrats. They aren't particularly good first in exactly one week. The daily wires at first ever theatrical release. Am I Racist will be hitting theaters across the nation. It's more than a comedy, it's a systematic dismantling of left's entire DEI apparatus. We have another sneak peek for you. Take a look at Matt Walsh's Am I Racist. Matt used to be a white woman, an unsuccessful one for many decades. And it was a miserable experience. And really the, the, the hatred of yourselves in each other is like the most, the not seeing your power, the being afraid. Like all you do is talk about each other. Talk to about yourself. Oh my God, I'm so fat. That's all They do. That's all they do. I'm telling you these white women. But it's, it's, that's it. Sorry. It's, I'm so fat, I'm so stupid. I'm blah, blah, blah. Sorry. Your kids are watching you and they're watching you talking about each other, you know, raging against a machine or being silent or whatever the hell it is that you're doing or not doing. And they know that you're not doing for them. That's so important. That is so important, what you just said. It's, it's really important. That's all we May have to add Jean to Our team. Oh, I would love to take a seat and join you. No, you're not allowed to. Okay. Definitely not allowed. Okay. I do have my, I have my DEI certification that I, that I got. Okay. Okay. So not saying I'm an expert, but I'm also not a novice, so, okay. White people are starved for these conversations. We are. We're so starving. Yeah, we are so starving for this. Anyone else wanna say anything? I'll just say one thing. I'm so glad we can have these conversations and I'll, and I'll be done. But I'm just so glad that we could all get together to have these conversations. That's all I wanted to say. Thank you. Is he an actor and he's doing, are you an actor? Oh, no. Can you let us, we're trying to listen and trying to have this conversation. Okay. You know, we're all acting all the time in our lives and, and I think that that's part of the problem, you know, that it's like we're all trying to play a part rather than just being real and having these uncomfortable conversations. And that's what I'm always trying to tell people. Especially, you know, white women, no offense, but No, but see, like you're white dude. There's power positions and you know, it's pointing, pointing white people, pointing fingers at each other is not helpful. You know, I've been on this journey for so long and just to see you guys at the table having this conversation has been really enlightening for me. Anyway, I got the DEI certification and I'm just on the journey. All right, you ladies have a great one. Okay. Decolonize yourself. Do your own white supremacy, dismantling, and then you can start to be, to bring in other people. Can I just, can I just say one last thing? Can I just propose a toast? I mean, just raise a glass if you're racist. And that's the thing. Cheers. Oh, I'm not racist. Let me go back. It's racist. Well, all the rest of it's a racist. They gonna sell you racist. Am I Racist in theater. September 13th rated PG 13 buy tickets now. It's so good. It really is. It's a great piece of work by Matt. It really is fast. Like, honestly, no one else could do this. That, that deadpan Matt is a killer. Theaters are selling out fast and new venues are being added daily to meet the demand. Get your tickets right now@miracist.com.

(39m 43s):
Also, this Sunday we're releasing a brand new episode of the Sunday Special with Matt Walsh. In this episode, we will discuss the making of his new film, Am I Racist. You'll get to hear the inside scoop on everything that took place behind the scenes and more. Here's a little bit of the trailer. Let them expose themselves. Let them do the work. I I don't have to explain to the audience or explain to the the person why they're wrong. Let them expose that and then we're gonna put it on display. Probably a lot of them are sitting kind of nervous right now and, and thinking about embarrassing things they said and, and thinking like, God, I hope that didn't make it into the film. I can tell them right now. It did. And, and to Robin DeAngelo in particular, there's one moment that she's thinking, oh my gosh, I hope that's not in there.

(40m 26s):
Oh, it is Robin. Oh, it is. Don't miss this incredible episode of the Sunday Special with Matt Walsh. Meanwhile, both parties seem to have become pretty warm on the idea of tariffs, not as a national security tool. Tariffs is a national security tool. Makes some sense. I mean, if you actually want to quash China's economic growth, then sure you're gonna make the economic sacrifice that American taxpayers will pay more money, but you'll also be harming China's economic growth. That's the idea of tariffs. Both Donald Trump and Kamala Harris have sort of suggested that tariffs to protect domestic industries are economically good. That, of course, is not particularly true. Both parties are now working together to kill a deal in which Nipon Steel, which is a Japanese company, is attempting to buy the Pittsburgh based US Steel.

(41m 15s):
That doesn't mean by the way that that steel is stop being produced in the United States. It actually means more efficiencies that are brought to bear as Nipon Steel actually infuses billions of dollars into the transaction to build new factories. If it doesn't happen, US Steel is gonna lose an awful lot of jobs. So, you know, again, if you can show me a security rationale for why you're turning down the deal, that's one thing. If this is sort of a union stop, then that is a completely different thing. Meanwhile, Democrats in preparation for Kamala Harris not doing particularly well, they're going harder and harder on disinformation. Remember, this is their go-to excuse when they lose elections. Their go-to excuse is disinformation misinformation. Election interference here, for example, is Chris Hayes of M-S-N-B-C lamenting XY.

(41m 57s):
Well, because X of course allows for free speech and dissemination of information that Chris Hayes doesn't particularly like. He says that X is now turning into a pro-Trump disinformation machine. Elon Musk runs one of the most influential internet platforms, or at least it used to be formerly known as Twitter. And he has essentially turned that platform into a pro-Trump pro authoritarian disinformation machine where he just posts vile bigotry and disinformation that millions of people see and share despite his site's own policy that you may not share, synthetic, manipulated, or out of context media that may deceive or confuse people must does that basically all day long. Wow. He put out stuff that, that Chris Hayes doesn't like.

(42m 37s):
I mean, if you put out information that were meant to say deceive people about Donald, let's say Russia gave for like four years. If you're M-S-N-B-C does it, does that make you a vile disinformation machine? Is that how that works? Or it only works that way when people are disagreeing with Chris Hayes? Remember, there are consequences to this sort of stuff. If given the presidency, Kamala Harris undoubtedly would actually bring the mechanisms of government to bear on social media. In fact, in 2019, she did just that. Here she was vowing to use the DOJ to go after social media And will put the Department of Justice of the United States back in the business of justice. We will double the Civil Rights Division and direct law enforcement to counter this extremism.

(43m 19s):
We will hold social media platforms accountable for the hate infiltrating their platforms because they have a responsibility to help fight against this threat to our democracy. And if you profit off of hate, if you act as a megaphone for misinformation or cyber warfare, if you don't police your platforms, we are going to hold you accountable as a community. That seems like a fascistic threats of free speech, doesn't it? Amazingly enough, the New York Times is worried about a fascistic threats of free speech from Wait for it. Wait, you know where it's going. Donald Trump, of course.

(44m 1s):
AG Salzberg, the publisher of the New York Times has a piece in the Washington Post because democracy dies in darkness and all the rest decrying the possibility that Donald Trump is gonna crack down on the press. Now, nevermind that the Biden administration has been significantly worse to the press than the Trump administration ever was. Trump said mean things about the press, but he talked with them regularly. The Biden administration doesn't even bother to actually do interviews with the press. They just send out KJP to lie all the time. Or Jen Psaki before her. I mean, Joe Biden doesn't do interviews. Joe Biden doesn't do anything. Kamala Harris doesn't do interviews. She doesn't, doesn't do anything. The mistreatment of the media under Joe Biden has been extraordinary. Members of the media acknowledge it, but of course the big threat is going to be Donald Trump. He's gonna threaten the First Amendment just like they have supposedly in Hungary, India, and Brazil.

(44m 46s):
Notice by the way, that there's never any talk about the crackdown on the press under Lula de Silva in Brazil. It's all about yay Bolsonaro, because it turns out that so many of our journalists are just left-wing activists. That's all they are. And so they can never call out actual threats to the free press as long as those threats come from the left. They'll only call out phantom threats to the free press from the right. And again, they're, they're ramping up all the talk about disinformation because the idea is going to be that if Donald Trump wins, it was the Russians again. So there's been a lot of focus, for example, on this Russian operation to promote propaganda via a, via a company called Tenant Media, which was founded by Lauren Chen and her husband, Liam Donovan.

(45m 30s):
According to semafo.com, Chen and her husband are the co-founders of Tenant Media, a previously obscure media company that paid eye-popping sums to rightwing influencers to produce videos echoing Russian propaganda and other right-wing talking points according to the indictment. Now, the goal of a lot of these stories is to suggest that, for example, Tim Pool or Benny Johnson produced pro-Russian propaganda because they were being paid by the Russians. That that wasn't their actual point of view that they were sort of bought and paid for. So Lauren Chen has now been fired by the Blaze, which of course is an inappropriate remedy. And the reality is that Lauren had been promulgating a lot of pretty ugly stuff for a very long period of time. And as an unfortunate fact of the modern media environment, there are some people on the right who are grifting their way forward.

(46m 17s):
The fact that that Lauren Chen spent extraordinary amount of time basically to crying all of her political opponents is bought and paid for by foreign interest. And then it turns out that she was kinda bought and paid for it by foreign interest. There's a great level of irony there. She has been let go by the Blaze. It's a bad story about Rightwing Media, but the reality is there's some goodies in Rightwing Media like Matt Walsh.

(46m 34s):
Matt's done it again with his new film Mi Racist in his theater September 13th. But you can watch it early and for free through our partnership with Young America's Foundation. I love working with yf. We've been partnering with them since 2013 to speak where needed most in America college campuses. We've been to some of the worst leftist havens from Berkeley to University of Wisconsin Madison to the University of Michigan. We're partnering with them again to give our listeners and students across the country early access to the film for free. Head on over to yf.org/air, that's y yaf.org/a to find a theater near you and get your ticket today.

(47m 8s):
And the bottom line is that, however, Tim Pool, Dave Rubin, Benny Johnson, there's no, in fact, there's counter evidence to the idea that they were knowingly paid by the Russian government and the sort of implication by the media that they were, it's pretty ugly. And again, I disagree with them when it comes to Russia, Ukraine in large measure, right? I've been an advocate of continuing funding to Ukraine sufficient to prevent a full scale Russian victory in that war while also seeking an off ramp Frankly. I also think that Ukraine has every right and ability to incur into Russian territory as an offset to the territory that Russia has taken from Ukraine because that is going to forward their cause in future negotiation.

(47m 50s):
So I disagree with them. That doesn't change the question of whether they were paid for their perspective by Russia. That is a different thing. And the implication always is that somehow the pro-Trump forces are being bought and paid for by someone and there's no evidence to suggest that that is in fact the case. In fact, joining us on the line right now is Tim Poole. He's host of Tim Cast, I-R-L-C-E-O of tim cast.com and host of the Culture War podcast. You can see that over at his YouTube channel. Tim, thanks for joining the show. Great to talk to you. Thanks For having me. So there are two big stories that you are currently involved in. One wasn't enough for a, one of them is of course the very widely covered story about DOJ indictment involving apparently tenant media.

(48m 31s):
Tenant media, according to the allegations, was being paid effectively by a Russian front. And when I say the company was, what I really mean is the founders of the company apparently were, if the allegations in the indictment are true and all the media ran with, was that because you are a host whose show is posted at, at Tenant Media that this must have implicated you or Dave Rubin or Benny Johnson. Why don't you give us sort of the rundown, what's going on here? Yeah, the simple version is the Culture War podcast existed. We, well before Tenant Media or any licensing agreement we had the the show. So I've got multiple YouTube channels. One is youtube.com/tim cast, that was my original channel where I used to host a 4:00 PM half an hour podcast.

(49m 11s):
We switched formats because I have a couple channels. One was redundant. I have, I have another one that's basically the same thing. They're kind of redundant. So we turned this one into a Friday morning live show about cultural issues. So it's politics doesn't, you know, come in relatively often, but you know, we did one on dating, we did one, an episode on simulation theory versus Christianity and Religion, so it's not an overtly political show. So that show is licensed for principal broadcast non-exclusive to tenant media. That's it. The show exists still to this day and it'll be at youtube.com/tim cast on, you know, Fridays.

(49m 51s):
So with with this story, you know, we're hearing that these allegations. It's kind of crazy. I mean, Lauren Chen, I guess she's been fired from the Blaze. I don't know a lot about what's going on. In fact, I've, I think I only talked to her a couple times this year. For me, it was, we had an existing show that we were, we a, a new show we had launched, had been up for a few months. We hosted people like Vive Ram Swami on it, and we were preparing to engage in sponsorships and, you know, they were getting hundreds of thousands of views per episode. And we decided to license it out because they tenant Lauren contacted us and was saying, you know, we'd, we'd love to license something from you. Or, and I said, well, we don't need to do that.

(50m 33s):
We are, we're an independent company. We have our own members and sponsorships. And then it took quite a while, quite a while, but long story short, we agreed to a non-exclusive broadcast license, which meant that we own the show. The, the show is owned by a cult, the culture war company, which is its own company. It, we own distribution rights, we own audio distribution rights, everything about it. They just effectively paid for a license, which would have it appear on their YouTube channel Friday mornings at 10:00 AM And with that, they got to use my likeness and things like that. And so now with these allegations, I don't know what's going on there, but I dunno if you want, if you wanna ask any questions so we can elaborate. Yeah, I mean, I think the only questions that, given the media coverage, I think the, the, the question that, that people in the media are pushing at least, is the idea that there must have been some sort of outside, external Russian control of your show.

(51m 20s):
Maybe you wanna address how you do the editorial at your show. Was Lauren ever talking to you about the editorial content of the show or anything like that? Nope. So I barely even talked to Lauren, and it's kind of crazy. I've known her for a long time. So when she said that she was launching a company, she had investors, I'm like, okay. I mean, I hear that 50 times a year. And in the podcast space, we just heard that I think Travis Kelsey is getting a $100 million contract. So these numbers are, that's where they're at. I I think people don't realize how big the podcasting space is and the revenue you generate from sponsorships and memberships. So it seemed kind of, I don't know, mundane to a certain extent. A lot of people think these numbers are huge.

(52m 1s):
But yeah, so I don't know. Ask me, ask me again. I'm losing my train of thought. Yeah, no, No. I mean, the only question was basically whether you were in control of the editorial. And it sounds like you were. So, so, I mean, the Culture war show is a conversation show on various topics. The subject matter of the show editorially is, there's no thought into it. We had been talking about hosting a show on religious debate and simulation theory and ai. So we, I talked to my booking agent and said, can we find a guy who talks about AI and simulation and then do a two hour conversation? That's the gist of it. That's how the show was produced. The first episode that actually appeared on Tenet was about skateboarding. Quite literally. We had a professional skateboard, filmer, an amateur, and a professional skateboarder.

(52m 44s):
And we talked about skateboarding. 'cause I'm a skateboarder, that's what we do. So, I mean, it's kind of, it's kind of crazy to hear that they're saying the media's jumped the gun completely on what the story is. The DOJ indictment literally says that commentators were deceived, that there was a rather sophisticated plan to manipulate the commentators of the platform so that they wouldn't know what was going on. And I can say on my end, you know, everything that go that happens here goes through our legal team and we have multiple lawyers. So when someone reaches out to me and says, Hey, we wanna do a potential, like we have a spot, we have sponsorships, and I don't know who these companies are, and we're, we're a company with like 40 employees. And so when someone reaches out to us, I say, great, cool.

(53m 26s):
Someone handle it and talk to the lawyers. The lawyers come back, do their due, do their due diligence, and then we say sure. Or whatever. And so the crazy thing is this was so ancillary to anything we do, you know, I I do my morning show from 10 to noon. Now, at the time it wasn't live, but now it's live. And then we do Tim cast IRL from 8:00 PM to 11:00 PM And so we don't, I don't really think much at all about where the show is streaming or distribution. For all I knew this was, you know, Lauren Chen, she works the Blaze. She wanted to start a company. She found investors. That was seemingly the gist of it. We only ever took money from an American corporation. The, the amount of money that we were offered for the show was around market value for offers we had already received.

(54m 9s):
And so it was just like, cool, I I, I know Lauren sure, you know, whatever. And then you got Benny and Dave and Matt Christensen and Taylor Hansen, who I know them all. And I'm like, yeah, this, this seems fine, whatever. And the crazy thing is, you know, assuming all this stuff is true, I'm like, man, this sucks. We, we, we didn't need the deal. The deal didn't do anything for us. It was just, sure, I guess. And the bummer is now with everything, with the way things are going, we could have just run the culture war on my channel with 1.3 million subscribers as it is, and just made money on our own through sponsors as we as, as we already did. So it's, it's frustrating to get entangled in whatever, whatever it is she's accused of being involved in. Yeah. And it must be frustrating also, I mean, listen, you, you and I disagree, I think on, on some of the elements around the Ukraine war.

(54m 53s):
But the idea that that's been put forth by the media is that somehow you were being paid directly by Vladimir Putin in order to express those views. And that, that therefore anybody who disagrees with sort of the, the democratic take or even the sort of moderate Republican take on this must be paid by Russia. That, of course, is an absurdity. And I think it is wrapped into a broader narrative that, that seems to be ramping up just in time for the election, which is that Russia's gonna interfere in the election on behalf of Donald Trump, and that everybody on the right is in some form or fashion working for, for the Russians, which is why they're for Donald Trump in the first place. Yeah, Here we go again. I mean, my, my view is probably aligned more with libertarian. The libertarian party. That's it. I've, Russia sucks. I'm not a fan of Russia.

(55m 33s):
I think Vladimir Putin is a dictator who's used unethical and, and dictatorial means to maintain power for decades. And I've long said that my, my, my principle point is, you know, my opposition to the war is that we are spending hundreds of billions of dollars at a time when we're dealing with infrastructure problems we're dealing with, with border problems. And now with the, the, I mean the, the, the clip they're circulating right now is my exasperation and outrage to hear that with us resources, not weapons, but with training and, and, and things of this matter, Ukraine's invaded Russian territory, pushing us to the brink of large scale international conflict, which terrifies me. And so that pisses me off. That being said, Russia should never have invaded Ukraine.

(56m 12s):
Russia was wrong to do it. They lost the soft power battle. And they're resorting desperate tactics to do it. And then we find ourselves entrenched in some conflict because of Ukraine. The, you know, they're, they're posting these things about, you know, I, I mean I, I remember I went on with you guys, I had supported Ron DeSantis early on 21 or in 2022 until things started to shift. I felt like Ron wasn't gonna be able to win. Now they're acting like that was all of a sudden I got paid to change my opinions. And this is the unfortunate thing, the ultimate smear is the, the revenue that we were paid through the licensing deal was inconsequential to my lifestyle to the bottom line of the company.

(56m 53s):
And we've actually never done anything with it. Like I, I would say like, you know, the overwhelming majority of the money is just not gone anywhere. And then, you know, we have, we have people tweeting at me like, give the money back or whatever it is, like, dude, lemme put it this way, we're talking to our legal team. I can say that I just announced, I have been contacted by the FBI as a, a victim of a, a potential victim in a, in a crime. They have stated that I may have information relevant to their ongoing investigation and requested a voluntary interview. So referring, engaging with counsel, we are going to provide, you know, assistance in whatever way we can. And that's about it. I mean it's, it's, you know, they say it's like an arm's length deal. That's what it's always referred to.

(57m 34s):
And I'm like, man, I don't even know what that means. I know that we had a show that already existed that talks about video games, dating culture, some political issues. We had an Israel Palestine debate and we licensed it for, for publication non-exclusive. Like it, that's the crazy thing. It's like not it's, it was not even exclusive show. It's a non-exclusive. We published it other places. We own the rights for all of it. And so now we get entrenched in whatever this is. And I'm just like, nah, I don't have anything to do with this. I don't know what it is Lauren Chen was doing. I'm quite perturbed by the, the, the allegations. I, I don't know what'll what will turn out to be true, but, you know, I'm pissed. So that's one story involving you. The other one is that you are suing Kamala Harris, the Kamala Harris campaign put out a tweet that is, it really is an absurd tweet.

(58m 17s):
I mean, they, they put out a tweet effectively saying that you are calling for violence or that, that you are saying that Trump should actually arrest people or execute people based on whim. If you watch the clip that's posted, that is a hundred percent not what you are saying. In fact, what you are saying is that if there are people who are guilty of crimes, then Trump should use his DOJ to go after those people. And then Laura Loomer, who is on your show, suggested that maybe if they're guilty of treason, they should be executed. But Right. Even with that statement, the presumption would be that there would be some sort of judicial process. And I think that it's a pretty large stretch of the imagination to think that we're gonna get to the point where people are tried for treason in the United States and the Execut. It's been a little while since we've done that in any case. But that's not what the Kamala Harris tweet said. The Kamala Harris tweet suggested that you believe that basically Donald Trump should be given dictatorial power to kill his enemies.

(59m 2s):
Right. It's so it hit a bunch of points. It said I was a Trump operative, which I don't know, I I'm implying I'm paid. It's not true. It said their project 2025 plan, I have nothing to do with Project 2025. And then it said that we are, we are calling for Trump to have unchecked legal authority to jail and execute anyone who won't support him when he wins or, or if he wins or whatever. Which is crazy 'cause I oppose a death penalty. I am adamantly opposed a death penalty. And the actual clip, they cut it short. But the actual full context was the federalist. Sean Davis had made a statement that day or the, or the pro or the day prior, that he wants to see a list of Democrats who are going to be criminally charged when Trump gets elected.

(59m 45s):
My point was kind of walking that back, like we don't wanna come out and just say go arrest Democrats. The point in the full context of the conversation is are there some, like, I'll put it this way, when he says he wants a list of Democrats, my point is this, are there some Democrats who should be criminally charged? Yes. Because they committed crimes. I am not saying Democrat voters, I am not saying all Democrats. I'm saying certainly there are, there are people aligned with the Democratic party. I believe that there was that lawyer who was criminally charged over the Carter page incident. You these people exist. Donald Trump will need a real, an ag, a Deputy Attorney general and head of the FBI who are going to launch investigations, get real evidence of these crimes, have warrants, there will be trials in front of the world to prove the crimes they committed and then they can be sentenced.

(1h 0m 32s):
My point is, is it's it's not a point of origin for me to say, Hey Trump, go arrest these people. Not at all. My point was, hey, you're calling for the arrest, but we have to make sure if that's the case, these people are actually guilty of crimes, they've actually faced trial. And then to go onto claim that I would call for the execution of people who wouldn't support Trump. I don't believe there is anything more extreme you could accuse of person of of, of doing saying, or of v of of, of views they held that, that is the epitome of e of extreme statement. That to to claim that I was advocating for what is tantamount to genocide is a, an an extreme lie. And and that's why we're taking immediate action and I engaged my legal team and said we're going forward with it.

(1h 1m 16s):
So we're, we're in prep the preparation phase, but we're moving quickly. So Tim, what remedy are you seeking from the Kamala Harris campaign? I assume obviously a take down of the tweet, but, but what else? Well, I I, we're not there yet. My lawyers are, are, are driving the argument. So I think it's premature for me to say all of you know exactly what the, the, the remedy's gonna be and I have to confer with my lawyers on that. But we've, I, I don't know how much I can say considering my lawyer's currently working on it, but we are going over paperwork and once we have something finalized and it's filed, then everyone will know exactly what, what we're saying beyond the, Hey, you can't accuse someone of these things. This is crazy. Well Tim, really appreciate taking the time. I know that things are very, very busy over there and you know, honestly the, the media coverage of of all of this is, is quite absurd when it comes to you.

(1h 2m 2s):
So, you know, I, I I feel, I feel for you my friend. I appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Alright guys, coming up, we'll be getting into Hunter Biden's surprise guilty plea. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Make Those.

(1h 2m 24s):
Growing up I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America's racist to its bones. So inherently yes, This country is a piece of White folks trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around here or this black person right here? Does he not exist? They don't say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.

(1h 3m 25s):
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank

(1h 3m 56s):
Mayflower cigars. Where will the voyage take? You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars. Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and, and until precisely the right time. From dawn to dusk, go to mayflower cigars.com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order some exclusions. Apply.