
This is Dr. Jordan Bean Peterson Watch Parenting My new Daily Wire Plus series May 25th. We're dealing with mis behaviors with our son. Our 13-year-old throws tantrums, our Son turned to some substance abuse. Go to Daily Wire Plus dot com today.


Well folks, a big question I've been getting since we released the trailer for my interview with President Vladimir Zelensky Ukraine is Why go to a nation under fire? Why take your crew and take that risk? And the answer is simple, because the truth matters and facts matter. We want you to be smarter and know more things. That's what this show is for you. Our Daily Wire members deserve the truth. This is the kind of journalism your support makes possible. This is the community that fights for your values. Join us Right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So last night, Vladimir Putin's Russia blanketed Ukraine with missiles and drones and what was perhaps the largest scale air attack on the country since 2022 when missile apparently now struck an apartment building in Kyiv and killed nine people and wounded another 63. This of course, is a war zone. A little bit earlier yesterday, the Trump administration rolled out its proposed outline for a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine. This was being negotiated in London. It's a peace deal under which Ukraine would've been forced to accept Russian annexation of Crimea. That's the very southern portion of Ukraine that is on the Black Sea as well as control of Eastern Ukraine. Russia is currently in control of large swaths of Eastern Ukraine and has been since 2014.


It would've removed NATO membership from the table for Ukraine. Ukraine obviously is interested in joining NATO because that would mean that an attack on a NATO member would allow for Article five in vacation, meaning other countries would have to come to Ukraine's defense. The deal would prevent Ukraine from becoming a NATO member. It would've provided little or nothing in the way of security guarantees for Ukraine. So the proposed Trump deal did not obligate the United States to come to Ukraine's defense or even allow for the eus defense of Ukraine. Maybe they could have, maybe they couldn't have, but that was unclear And it also would've full scale ended sanctions on Russia. So clearly this peace deal gave Russia a bunch of things that Russia was looking for if it had been accepted by Ukraine. Russia has not accepted a peace arrangement along any of these lines.


You should be clear about this. Essentially the proposal that was published was the United States, Europe, and maybe Ukraine kind of negotiating against themselves 'cause there's no one else at the table Right now. Now, Zelensky rejected handing over Crimea illegally because that would be making a major legal concession without actually getting anything from Russia in return. If you preemptively say Crimea is now part of Russia, you've now said it. And Zelensky doesn't wanna do that. He has accepted the Trump proposal for a 30 day cease fire without any preconditions. It has been true for weeks. Vladimir Putin has not. Not for one second, which is why last night the Russian missiles were falling on Kyiv. They're also falling on Aviv, which is in the western part of the country. It was a bad night in Ukraine. Now, Putin again has at no point actually given any sign that he truly wants the war to end if you want the war to end.


The question is, will Zelensky accept an end to the war? And will Putin accept an end to the war? Zelensky has said he will. Putin has given no sign whatsoever that he actually will. Instead, it seems like he's slow playing this thing. He seems to be biding his time waiting for the United States to pull out of negotiations and out of funding Ukraine entirely. And that's a bet that could pay off given the Trump administration's repeated statements that if no deal is accepted, the United States will simply walk away from the table. Here was Vice President JD Vance saying just that yesterday. Well, I'm gonna echo something Secretary Rubio said, which is, look, we've issued a very explicit proposal to both the Russians and the Ukrainians, and it's time for them to either say yes or for the United States to walk away from this process.


We've engaged in an extraordinary amount of diplomacy of on the ground work. We've really tried to understand things from the perspective of both the Ukrainians and the Russians. What do Ukrainians care the most about? What do the Russians care the most about? And I think that we've put together a very fair proposal. Okay, well, whether the proposal is fair or not, if Russia refuses to accept the deal and then the United States walks away, Russia is the party that actually benefits from that. The Trump administration's pressure Right now has been almost solely relegated to Ukraine at this point. That's just the reality. President Trump unleashed a post on truth social yesterday attacking Vladimir Zelensky and blaming him for the continuation of the war. He stated, quote, Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky is boasting on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that Ukraine will not legally recognize the occupation of Crimea.


There's nothing to talk about here. This statement says, president Trump is very harmful to the peace negotiations with Russia in that Crimea was lost years ago under the auspices of President Barack Hussein Obama. And it is not even a point of discussion. Nobody's asking Zelensky to recognize Crimea as Russian territory, but if he wants Crimea, why didn't they fight for it 11 years ago And it was handed over to Russia without a shot being fired? Well, if that's true, then nobody's asking for Zelensky to actually recognize Crimea as Russian territory. What's the discussion that's happening? President Trump continues. The area also houses for many years before the Obama handover Major Russian submarine bases. It's inflammatory statements like Zelensky that make it so difficult to settle this war. He has nothing to boast about. The situation for Ukraine is dire. We can have peace or he can fight for another three years before losing the whole country.


I have nothing to do with Russia, but have much to do with wanting to save on average 5,000 Russian and Ukrainian soldiers a week who are dying for no reason whatsoever. The statement made by Zelensky today will do nothing but prolong the killing field. And nobody wants that. We're very close to a deal, but man with no cards to play should now finally get it done. I look forward to being able to help Ukraine and Russia get out of this complete and total mess. Again, this is President Trump saying this, that would've never started if I were president unquote. Now listen, president Trump's frustration is clear and understandable. But let's be also clear about this. For this conflict to end, Russia has to come to the table. Why is the question what Ukraine is willing to do when the real question here is why Russian aggression has not stopped for a single moment for three years?


The American people? Obviously we need to understand just why it is important for Ukraine not to collapse amidst the escalation of Russia's invasion. So with the Russia, Ukraine war now in year number three with tens of thousands of dead on each side and hundreds of thousands wounded probably 50,000 dead on the Ukrainian side, maybe 200,000 dead on the Russian side with Eastern Ukraine and Crimea currently in Russian hands, and with the Trump administration obviously trying to end the war through negotiation, we felt that now is a vital time to actually travel to Ukraine to discuss this crisis with Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky. The American people have a lot of questions and they have a right to know why. They should care about this conflict in a far away place and to have their questions answered on matters ranging from how their tax dollars are being spent to the treatment of Christians in Ukraine.


From the nature of Russia's aspirations in Ukraine to the Ukrainian desire to remain free of Russian domination. So the trip into Ukraine wasn't exactly easy. It's of course a war zone. First we traveled some 12 hours from Florida to crack out that to Poland, and then we took a 10 hour car ride with security from Poland to Kyiv. The border crossing was pretty much deserted. Not a lot of people are trying to get into Ukraine at this point in time. The country itself, it's a beautiful country. The breadbasket of the continent, Western Ukraine, which is what you drive through to get to Kyiv, is rolling farmland dotted with forest. My great-great grandparents came originally from this general region, Belarus, Poland, Ukraine. I tried to see it through their eyes. We were driving what it must have been like 150 years ago before the carnage of the Ukrainian Halima, which is the Stalin created genocidal starvation campaign against Ukrainian farmers and their families and against those who oppose the evil of Soviet collectivization.


And what it was like before the Nazi invasion in 1941 and the mass slaughter of Jews with roving bans of SS mowing down tens of thousands of Jews over open pits in Bobby Yaar, shipping Jews via trains to death camps all over Europe. Timothy Snyder, historian and author of a book called Bloodlands Europe between Hitler and Stalin writes quote, during the years that both Stalin and Hitler were in power, more people were killed in Ukraine than anywhere else in the Bloodlands or in Europe or in the world. For both Hitler and Stalin, Ukraine was more than a source of food. It was the place that would enable them to break the rules of traditional economics, rescue their countries from poverty in isolation and remake the continent in their own image. If you know history, the voices of all of our brothers' blood cries out from the ground of Ukraine and the history of Ukraine's suffering doesn't stop with World War ii.


After the war, the Soviet Union, again was in control of Ukraine. Its history was then steamrolled and homogenized to fit Soviet presumptions. After the Cold War, after the Soviet Union fell, Ukraine broke free, it became independent. It gave up its nuclear weapons in exchange for security guarantees from the west didn't go well for Ukraine, obviously torn between the attraction of joining the post-Soviet West and Russian pressure from the east. The country was governed by a series of corruption ridden governments, culminating in the victory of victory. Jankovich, whose pro-Russian swing led to the so-called maan revolution of 2014. Jankovich was ousted Glenn rep Putin, dictator of Russia, seeing Ukraine slipping out of his grasp, then launched invasions of the Donbass region of Eastern Ukraine as well as Crimea.


Both of those were largely Russian speaking areas that favored a closer relationship with Russia, but they didn't actually want to be fully ruled by Russia, by the polling data available at the time. Instead, Putin brought in what were called little green men who said were sort of domestic insurgents that were actually Russian soldiers to take over those areas. Citizens of those areas were brought under Russian control. And then came 2022 sensing weakness from the American led North Atlantic Treaty organization. In the aftermath of Joe Biden's surrender of Afghanistan to the Taliban, Putin launched a full scale invasion of the rest of Ukraine. When the war began, few expected Ukraine to survive. Indeed, the first Russian push into Ukraine came within 10 or 12 kilometers of Aki of the capital city, which is located on both sides of the Nypa River.


Actually, Vladimir Zelensky was made offers by the Europeans to flee the country, but Ukraine instead fought back. Their forces actually pushed the Russians back toward the east and toward the south. After three years of war, that is where the lines remain. Carnage continues in Kiv and Zaia bombs continue to fall. Drones continue to fly, particularly last night, the Russian government since 2014, in an effort to rectify Ukrainian children, has abducted tens of thousands of kids from Eastern Ukraine and Crimea back into Russia. As the New York Times reported in 2023, Russian officials have made it clear their goal is to replace any childhood attachment to home. With a love for Russia, hundreds of thousands of Russian soldiers and contractors have died. According to the bbc, around 50,000 Ukrainians have been killed according to Zelensky government.


As of February, the numbers are probably higher. President Trump's entry into office provided the possibility of something new pledging to end the war. The Trump administration insisted on negotiations and to that end, put pressure on post Zelensky and Vladimir Putin to come to the table. After a fraud conversation with President Trump and vice President JD Vance in the Oval Office, Zelensky has agreed to an unconditional 30 day ceasefire. Putin has agreed to nothing. The United States under special envoy, Steve Woff, continues to advocate for Ukrainian concessions ranging again from recognition of Russian territorial annexation to abandonment of intent to join nato. Putin for his part, has mouthed words of interest, but has shown little willingness to make any real concessions at all. That is where things stood.


As we traveled into Ukraine, we had some more of this in a moment.


First, do you know what I hate big government. Do you know what else? I hate being overcharged? Pure Talk. The cell phone company I use for business every day is helping you save money on your cell phone bill. That is correct. Pure Talk says, I don't think so. To a hundred dollars a month. Cell phone plans, that's just wasteful. Irresponsible. Instead, they're offering America's most dependable 5G network at America's most sensible prices. Listen to this unlimited talk texts 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot for just 35 bucks a month. The best part Right now you'll get a free one year membership to Daily Wire Plus access the entire library of Daily Wire Plus movies and documentaries. Enjoy uncensored ad free daily shows and as always, you are free leftist. Here Tumblr with Pure Talks US customer Service team. You can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch on over to Pure Talk at Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with qualifying plan. Again, I've been using Pure Talk myself for years at this point. Excellent coverage, the best price in the business, go check them out Right now. Pure Talk wireless buy Americans for Americans Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro to get a year of Daily Wire Plus free with a qualifying plan.


Also, not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are. It only takes one mistake to expose all that information to hackers and identity theft. That's why there's new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by a million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you cannot control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. One of my producers, Jess, currently uses LifeLock. She's told me that she feels a lot better knowing that their experts are always monitoring her sensitive information for Suspicious Activity Act Right now. Save up to 40% your very first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK. Use promo code Ben or go to lifelock.com/ben for 40%. Off Terms apply.


It got dark as we were driving, as we neared the city. An app on our phones, it sounded a drone alert in Kyiv, drone warfare has become one of the most highly publicized aspects of the war in Ukraine. Ukrainian forces at a material disadvantage in the early days of the war engaged in technological creativity to counter Russian advances. Russia then responded by building new drones with Chinese help, as well as by importing drones from Iran. By the time we reached Kyiv, the drone sirens had stopped. After a very short night in the center of Kyiv, we visited the site of the Babin Yar massacre, which is just across the street from a television tower struck by a Russian missile in the early days of the war. We visited a blown out building, hit multiple times in a variety of Russian attacks. We visited a memorial to the victims of the Halima. The city is beautiful, but it obviously feels pretty empty.


Approximately 7 million Ukrainians have left the country during the war as out of a total population of 44 million or so. In 2021, I attended a meeting of the all Ukrainian council of churches and religious organizations with representatives of 15 different religious sects attending to discuss religious freedom and traditional values. With Zelensky, a member of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine was joined by a member of the Catholic church, for example, to ask for a ministry of family to foster higher birth rates and support more kids in Ukraine. Other members of the council asked President Zelensky about military deferment for members of the clergy. And then finally it was time to sit down with President Zelensky. President Zelensky looked weary but upbeat. He is of course very camera friendly given his history as a TV star. We sat in the shadow of the Saint Sophia Cathedral, the first foundations of which were laid in 10, 11 centuries before the Sodom of Russia.


Here then is part one of our interview with President Vladimir Zelensky in Kyiv Ukraine at perhaps the most crucial moment for the negotiations yet in the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine. President Zelensky, thank you so much for taking the time. I really appreciate it. Thanks So much. Thanks for coming Ben. So I wanna start by asking you about the meeting that you had in the Oval Office with the president and the vice president. This is almost a couple of months ago. Obviously things went sideways. How do you feel that you could have handled things better with the president and vice president After this meeting? Our teams had a lot of, had plenty of meetings, well not enough of meetings to put an end to this word.


But still there were positive meetings. There were meetings that were fruitful and our teams have agreed that everyone will support the complete ceasefire mode. And that was a meeting in Saudi Arabia at the end. It was another meeting then was in a meeting in France tomorrow, by the way, there will be a meeting in London. So as you can see that what's important to us is the teams of Ukraine and the United States, plus our European colleagues studies. Our team has started to, to work together with the United States. And I can see some positive things about this. I'm grateful to this, to all the partners and I'm grateful to President Trump for this as well as to Ki Starer and to the Emmanuel Macron and to all the leaders who constantly support this very beginning.


The the, the complete ceasefire. It's the beginning of the path towards the stable and hopefully fair and just peace. And that is why I think we do have good meetings Right now. And I would say good possibilities. Now the question is Russia. And that is the only element in this construct that is not yet ready to put an to this war. And we high hope on, on the strengths of the United States, on the strengths, in terms of the sanctions, on the experience of United States and the influence that United has has on Russia. So for, for the Russia to agree to put an end to this war, it depends on them.


As for our meeting in the Oval Office, I kept saying that we needed this meeting. We had to talk over a variety of elements. We had different meetings fruitful and a more philosophic meetings, I would say on different stages of our life. And the meeting with President Trump as well. So I think that the meeting in the Oval Office, it did not help Ukraine. It did not help to the United States. And knowing, I think we should, you know, when Ukraine and United States are having the meeting, we should give light to people.


We should demonstrate this path that I've already mentioned to a path to towards the end of this war. We count on the strategic partnership when we always respected the people of United States and the choice of United States and the support coming from United States. And that is why I think that we will have more fruitful meetings with President Trump. But you have to understand Ukraine, that we are defending against the Russia's offense. And we believe Russia as an enemy. We believe United States as a true and real friend. We know that a United States has a position to serve as the mediator in this conflict.


That is the choice made by the United States. But we consider United States as a strong strategic partner with an influence. And we would really like to have peace, two strengths that would be used towards Russia so that the force would be towards the Russia case. They're the one who's the aggressor. And that we would like really to have this common understanding that Russia is the aggressor, not we. And we really want the United States not to search for the balance in this words, I understand what President Trump is willing to have. I highly respect the, the, the fact that he's searching for approach. That's his approach.


Somebody might have different approach, but you shouldn't be saying that Ukraine and Russia started this war. I believe that it, it's painful for our people to hear and this is why we respond in this way. We're talking about the dignity of our country. We have demonstrated that we are ready to protect our dignity in any situation. I'm doing that as the president. We have clearly demonstrated that in the beginning of the war, it was the war. It is still remains the war. We have one, one enemy, Russia and Pute. And that is why even if we're talking a diplomatic environment, everything is related to Ukraine's dignity. I will always defend it. This is my job.


I'm the president, I'm the guarantor of the constitution of Ukraine. So Mr. President, there, there are a lot of questions in the United States about how American funding is spent. So we've spent nearly 200 or allocated nearly $200 billion to the defense of Ukraine. There are lots of questions about where the money is going to pensions to war, profiteering to to corruption. How do you answer those questions? What kind of transparency can you provide to the American people to guarantee that their taxpayer dollars are being used in the best possible way to fight Russia to, to defend Ukraine and and to ensure that if the United States wants, would wouldn't audit be possible by the United States of where those dollars are going?


Yes. Let me start with the end of your question. As for the audit, the United States have to understand that is United States inspectors working. There's the inspectors of European countries 'cause they've also allocated the money. And we are also grateful to them just as to the United States. We highly respect the support and assistance coming from the people of United States as well as the people of Europe. That is why we have told at once that we are ready to have any inspections from the very beginning of the war. The inspectors coming from the United States, Europe and our own inspectors. They're working. We have complete reporting, counting absolutely transparent within the Ministry of Defense.


There is access to all the figures starting from the very first year of the war. There's always, and there's been always an access when we've seen in the very beginning of the war that Russia attempted to undermine the support and assistance coming from the United States. 'cause United States with the main donor. And they wanted to undermine this through fake news, through other tools. That is why we told it once that we are open, send the inspectors and they were inspectors. So as for the audit, we are always ready to any audit, there's nothing to hide. We are absolutely open, transparent. And that is what happening. We, there's all the reports available. The second aspect, I never wanted to, you know, well I just, I I I was grateful to all the US taxpayers.


I understand that United States have different programs, directions and that is also related to the weapons support and to the assistance of other countries of the world. I want to be absolutely frank. That's with regards to the audit. I have my own internal audit And it clearly understand how much assistance coming from which country at which moment was provided to Ukraine. I'm not responding poorly to like saying that United States have has transferred something around 200 billion. I'm responding to the facts.


The United States could be, you know, registering that could be voting. And we are grateful to the bi bipartisan support in the Congress. 'cause we are grateful to this unity around the fight of Ukraine for the independence in your great assistance and the great contribution of the United States in this, in the defense of our people. But I have my own internal audit and my country is clearly documenting how many assistance was provided. Just for you to know, we had a hundred, 405 billion US dollars. Most of those money were in the form of weapons.


Now that's first thing. All of those weapons came, the money were paid to the transportation of those weapons. Ukrainian companies were not allowed to transport this money. That's why we haven't received, not in the public note, in the private sector, the money for transportation. There were different assistance programs, the training of Ukrainian soldiers abroad. There's many things I'm documenting and registering what I, what we have. I understand there could be different calculations, different assistance programs or a programs, but this is like an audit really. You are verifying what was the output, so to say.


And we kind of verify what was the input. We verify this 'cause we need to, you know, keep the phase in our relations to, with the key strategic partner. It's very important. It's not that we are arguing that United States have said that we're giving you 200, and Ukraine is saying no, it's a hundred. No, it's not arguing, it's not aate. But it's important that both countries and the taxpayers, they should know where their money are. So that's it. And I kept saying all the time, it's not that I'm not, you know, properly responding to 200, 300, 400, no, no, no, I'm responding to what was the input, so to say, how many money came to Ukraine Now in terms of the use of those money, primarily that was for the weapons.


They were used on the battlefield and the audit that I've mentioned clearly documented that whether this weapon was used on the battlefield or in accordance to some of the information been posted on the media primarily that were the Russian narratives, that some of the weapons were sent elsewhere or there were some corruption related to this weapon. Something was self, no. All the audit that took place, not a single time has found any fact of sales of US weapons to somewhere abroad. So there were no, no information like that in any of the audit debt. Then secondly, the, the funding, they, they support the different social programs.


That was different social programs, but the salary that we pay to our soldiers, the pensions that we pay to our pensioners and we have 11.5 million pensioners. So the salaries and the pensions, these are only paid from the Ukrainian budget. This only by the Ukrainian money, not because we didn't need the kind of financial support or the, or the support to the people. There were different aspects, infrastructural aspects, et cetera. We needed all of that and we are grateful to all that. But the United States have to know that they were not feeding our pensioners and our soldiers with regards to the salary or the compensation.


Surely you've provided the most important aspects. That is the weapons, the weapons we needed to defend. Now those things are very important. Now they're special programs or separate programs and we have the clear figures behind those. When the United States were paying money for the development over certain direction in the technological kind of development, like in new drones, and there were direct funding either in the private sector that was constructing the drones like that, what the United States have received. Well, the exchange of information, the United States without the war would never have received the knowledge.


I'm not saying that war is good, that's, that's, that's horrible. But whenever we are saying what the United States have received, for example, when there were some programs when the United States have funded the weapons and they were transferring the Patriots to us, and we are grateful to the United States, first of all for, for this, they know that all the air defense systems that we had different shells, there is a teary shells. Even 155 shells could be different. The Hyers, et cetera. All the Ukraine have been using Ukraine, provided the reports to the United States. And, and Ukraine has improved many of the elements and specifications by our engineers, by our, our people on the ground.


They've improved the specifications of the weapons. The United States have received a true report of, based on the largest land operation, land war in many years. So now United States know where to invest the money, where not to invest the money. I know those conclusions, but this is not public information. But United States have received this knowledge, this data and this knowledge could not be acquired without the live operations than United States have provided money to the development of different drones. Surely it's all about our special forces recon, intelligence, security, service of Ukraine, foreign intelligence.


These are the separate money. They are part of those 105 billion. So this is where the scientists were working, the recon intelligence, the military engineers were working. Now what the United States have received, when the United States have paid for those developments, the United States have received complete and open information on the drones. This is the new weapons that was not available to the United States, to Europe. And truly we didn't have it. Now the United the United States have received all this experience, all this knowhow and developments. Now, I'm, I'm not willing to say that it's a cheap price for all of those developments. We are grateful to every single cent paid by the United States.


But this is the fair price. So to say the, the the, the knowledge, the experience, you know that the whole world is based on the knowledge. And I believe that this is what the United States have received. Then how are medics being operating on the battlefield? Everyone knows about this. There's medical points where medical stations close to the battlefield where the military surgeries have been taking place. There's medical assistance of different sort that has been provided. Now all this knowledge, all this experience were transferred to our partners. They've seen that they could make conclusions of the support to the people. The United States together with the Europeans have provided the support to the people.


And I can give you the conclusions, you can compare the number of killed and the number of casualties. Now I'm now comparing the Russian army with the Ukrainian army. But look at the portion of the wounded inaction and killed in action. We have the portion of the wound in action, the lowest. If we have one to 10 that is one killed, we have 10 wounded in action. Now, in case of Russians, in case of 10 casualties, there will be five wounded in action or five killed in action or six by four. So we're saying that's a different level of medical support and that knowledge was also provided to our partners.


Now what exactly United States have received as well, this is the most important thing that have not mentioned yet, let's be frank. The people in the world, they believe that we are a living kind of fence against the Russia's invention to the civilist world, including the NATO member nations. And we are kind of a living shield. We are defending this. So if Putin will come to the native member countries or when he will do that, I don't believe that I know everything in advance, but let's just imagine 'cause everyone see who they have case with.


So putting mind go to the European countries. Now in this case, there would be a need to defend the European nations or to leave the na I'm not saying whether the United States should be doing that or not. That's the choice made by the people of United States and other allies. But this is a question that will definitely be on the agenda. So as long as Russians are not in any single native member nation, your families are not facing with this question. So there will be a major question for your families, either to send your child to the war or not to the other country, to some foreign country.


So that, that's the kind of question. Now the cost of United States not searching and, and, and the families are not searching for an answer to this complicated question of whether to send their son or daughter one that they will return home like sign and alive or wounded. Nobody knows the cost of that question. Whether United States is the kind of the, the most, the, the reaches economy in the world, whether this is the biggest amount paid for what's being provided. I'm not saying that's a small amount.


I'm I'm saying that this is the fair, this is fair. It it's fair that U United States assisted supported Ukraine and Ukraine gave away a lot and in turn for that support and assistance. And of course they, the, the most precious thing we have is the life of our people. So I wanna get to Russia's intentions in a moment and the possibilities of a ceasefire. But Americans have questions about things that are happening here. So there've been a lot of accusations that there's been a crackdown on religious freedom in Ukraine, particularly with regard to the Russian Orthodox Church. I just watched you perform a meeting with the all church meeting with members of a wide variety of faiths. Maybe you can respond to the accusations that there's a restriction on religious freedom with regard to Russian Orthodox in, in Ukraine.


Well First of all, I'm very happy that, that you're here, that you had a chance to, to, to take a look. And really we have a meeting like that a couple of times per year and I truly visit some of the Churchill sites and during the Easter there's the eastern meetings and, and we have a meeting with all of our religious institutions. And I believe that what Ukraine has, and that is the largest council of churches, the largest in Europe. All of our churches are united, different religious and everyone is united.


So we are considering the question, there is the problem in military chaplains, the mobilization of pastors are not, or like, or priests. There's different questions. We help one another. We believe that the religious actors, if they're on the frontline, it could be only through their will voluntarily and they should be supporting military. Now, if those religious actors, if they're willing to do that, we are kind of considering every single question. We do not believe that these are the major challenges. 'cause we are having meetings and if you have a regular meeting, so if you have a regular dialogue, then all the big challenges, they kind of remain, but only a small ones.


And in many cases we solve those challenges. But they're not catastrophic. They're not tragic for the country and for the religious unity that we have in Ukraine. And we are openly doing that. Now. They advocate what you've heard, like abroad, they have one single voice, different faith, but single voice. Nobody's pressing a anyone. So today love went to pre to to prepare to, He went to Rome and those, all those ceremonies around the Pope Princess.


So love went there and went to Rome. He needs that, that that's correct. And also planning together with my wife to to, to have a visit. We'll have several meetings around the same dates. Now, as for the pressure, there's no pressure and you will never hear the about anything about the pressure. 'cause we don't have, we don't have any additional dialogues with our religious institutions or religious leaders. There's no shadow practices. We're absolutely open, transparent. There could be cameras. We're no cameras. We are absolutely open. Everyone can tell you there's no pressure. That's nonexistent. And every holidays we are together.


We have people from different religions and we are always inviting everyone. That's important. As for the Moscow Church, look, the question's not about the Moscow Church. The question is that in case of Russia, Moscow is just another agency of the, the KJB. Everyone knows that Russia's special services are in control of the churches. Well, this is how they have, that's their choice. And their people either support that or not. Well, that's their choice. That's their right. And we've never raised this question before the war And it during the war, but that's a fact that their special services are in control of the pure church.


The problem was that their special forces was in control of the churches in Ukraine. That's not the truth. That the, that the church should be. Well, and the, the Moscow could not be in control of our church. Their KGB, their intelligence could not be in control or could not be managing the Ukrainian church. Well, they shouldn't be here. So the, the legislative changes in Ukraine are related to the fact that there could be no connection in between of the Moscow and the church. Nobody closed anything or anyone, but it could, it can't be the case that Russia's k to be in control of the church in Ukraine.


Everyone is against this legal ties. So it's not only about the ties at a level of intelligence, there was a legal connection, legal ties for many years, but that shouldn't be the case. We shouldn't be having disputes or controversies around whose charge is older than, than the others. And Ukraine is not willing, shouldn't be speaking about this. Look, we're sitting here close to the Sophia Cathedral. Sophia is older than their Russia's capital city. And any charges they have, this building is older than that. That's the answer. We shouldn't be have any disputes. We have scientific evidences.


We're just saying that our church should be free from any authorities. It's free for the people. So one of the other questions that's been asked is about military mobilization. So you know, obviously you're in the middle of a war at the same time, there have been reports online that people are being picked up off the streets and in places in eastern Ukraine and recruited into, into services. How, how do you respond to, to accusations and, and videos like that? Every single case is scrutinized by the land forces, by the Ministry of Defense. They're the one responsible for the mobilization.


And it can have a different attitude towards mobilization. But we have this mobilization from the beginning of the war. It's in accordance to the legislation, accordance to the martial law period. So the country is in a war. We, that is why we do have mobilization. We want the war to end. We want everything to end. We want to have a fair, peace, calmness. And there would be nothing. Not the mobilization, not the martial law, but as long as the war, as long as we have the law, there is the mobilization. That is why there were different aspects like someone suggested money, someone took money for, for, for going or not going to the army.


There there's different approaches or there are different cases, but we shouldn't be saying that this is the major face or the, the main thing that describes Ukraine today. No, Ukraine has 800,000 Right now, or 600,000 people who volunteered to, to go to the army. That was the law on mobilization. But the people were volunteering to go and defend Ukraine. Definitely there is a, well, there's different people and I think there's different people in, in every country. And the law enforcement personnel should be making sure that everything would be transparent.


There would be no coercion or something. There are some kind of disadvantages. That's a fact. We shouldn't be hiding that like a corruption. But if we have any inter corruption bodies, there's the security service of Ukraine is, if we are fighting with this on everyday basis, well, of course you can hide it like everything as in case of Russia or some European countries. But Ukraine clearly shows that it is fighting on a constant basis against the aspects like that. But these, those are kind of singular cases. This is, this is not massive. That's more important and that should be reducing on, on a daily basis.


We're doing that. As we mentioned. We left Kiev on Tuesday night. On Wednesday night, Kiev was hit with one of the biggest missile barrages of the war. We've been checking in on many of the people we met in Ukraine to ensure that they are safe. We'll bring you any updates. That was part one of our interview with Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky on Tuesday afternoon. Part two will continue on Tomorrow's show. We'll get some more on this in a moment.


First, according to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand their headcount for 2025. That's a lot of time spent hiring. So if you're the owner of a growing business the way I am here at the Daily Wire, it's essential to find a platform that provides an efficient format that allows you to connect with several pre-screened interested applicants all at once to streamline that recruitment process. Luckily, ZipRecruiter does just that. So if you are one of those employers who is ramping up hiring this year, do not miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan that lets you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you save time, and Right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time zip intro, does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, and then you can choose who you wanna talk to and meet with great people as soon as the very next day. Save time hiring for 2025 with new zip intro. Just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily Wire Right now to try zip intro for free. Again at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire, zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Also, you know how most kids' vitamins out there are basically just candy with a vitamin label on them. They're loaded with a couple of teaspoons of sugar artificial ingredients kids really don't need. This is where Haya comes in. They've created this amazing chewable vitamin that kids actually love the best part, zero sugar, but still totally delicious. Even the pickiest eaters would approve. What really impresses me is their ingredient list. They've packed in 12 organic fruits and veggies, plus 15 essential vitamins and minerals. We're talking vitamin D, B12 C, zinc and more. All the good stuff that kids actually need to grow healthy and they've thought of everything. It's non GMO vegan, allergen free, thoroughly tested for safety, which means you and I can both feel confident giving our kids vitamins made to a high quality standard. Are you tired of battling with your kids to eat their greens? Well, HIA now has kids Daily Greens and superfoods, a chocolate flavored greens powder designed specifically for kids. It's packed with more than 55 whole food ingredients to support brain powered development digestion. Just scoop, shake, sip with milk or any non-dairy beverage for a delicious nutritious boost your kids will actually enjoy. They send stickers with your first order so your kids can decorate the bottle and make it their own. We've worked out a special deal with HIA for their bestselling children's vitamin. Receive 50% off with your first order to claim this deal, you have to go to HIA health.com/shapiro. This deal is not available on their regular website. Go to hi YE lt.com/shapiro. Get your kids the full body nourishment they need to grow into healthy adults.


Meanwhile, in other news, the Trump administration signed an excellent executive order yesterday to eliminate the use of so-called disparate impact liability. Disparate impact liability is the idea that you can simply discern whether a branch of government or a company, for example, is racist based on the pure numbers of blacks versus whites who get a particular benefit, that if there's a disparate impact of a law or a policy, it must be that the law or the policy is racist. That, of course, is absurd. There are plenty of reasons for disparities in outcome that don't have to do with discrimination. And so the White House President Trump signed an executive order restoring equality of opportunity and meritocracy. That's the goal of it.


The executive order says the bedrock principle of the United States, that all citizens are treated equally under the law. This principle guarantees equality of opportunity not equal outcomes. It promises that people are treated as individuals, not components of a particular race or group, and encourages meritocracy in a colorblind society, not race or sex-based favoritism. Adherence to this principle is essential to creating opportunity, encouraging achievement, and sustaining the American dream. A pernicious movement endangers this foundational principle seeking to transform America's promise of equal opportunity into a divisive pursuit of results preordained by irrelevant immutable characteristics regardless of individual strengths, efforts, or achievement. A key tool of this movement is disparate impact liability, which holds that a near insurmountable presumption of unlawful discrimination exists.


Where there are any differences in outcomes in certain circumstances among different races, sexes, or similar groups, even if there is no facially discriminatory policy or practice or discriminatory intent involved, and even if everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed, this is a great, great move by the Trump administration. It should have been done long ago by Republicans going all the way back to Richard Nixon. Good for President Trump on that score. Again, one of the benefits of the Trump presidency taking seriously DEI and destroying it. Really, really important stuff. Meanwhile, the White House seems to be backing off some of its trade war with China. Again, the signals are really quite mixed. Sometimes they seem like they're saying they're gonna back off some of the tariffs unilaterally. Sometimes they say they're going to be negotiating something with China.


Again, I'm very much in favor of a trade war with China, as long as it is well thought out, as long as all the preconditions are there. President Trump yesterday said the goal is to have a fair deal with China. Can you clarify, Mr. President on China, we are tariffs. Fair deal with China. It's gonna be fair. Are you talking to them actively? Now? Actively, everything's active. Everybody wants to be a part of what we're doing. They know that they can't get away with it any longer, but they're still gonna do fine Again. The White House is considering slashing the China tariffs in order to deescalate the trade war. According to the Wall Street Journal, president Trump hasn't made a final determination. One administration official said Trump wouldn't act unilaterally.


He'd need to see some action from Beijing to lower tariffs. But this seems to be something the Trump administration is trying to back off of. Considering the market impacts as well as the polling impacts that according to Pew, president Trump is down to 40% in the approval ratings. According to a Harvard Youth poll, his numbers have dropped precipitously with young people just under a third of young people currently approve of his job performance. A large part of that is tied to economic uncertainty. White House spokesman Kush decides that President Trump has been clear. China needs to make a deal with the United States when decisions on tariffs are made. They'll come directly from the President. Anything else is pure speculation. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson did tell reporters, Trump has not offered to take down US tariffs on China on a unilateral basis, so it may take longer than expected.


However, here was Scott Besson laying out the idea that we do need trade partners On this point. I wish to be clear, America first does not mean America alone. To the contrary, it is a call for deeper collaboration and mutual respect among trade partners. Far from stepping back, America first seeks to expand US leadership and international institutions like the IMF and the World Bank. By embracing a stronger leadership role, America first seeks to restore fairness to the international economic system.


Again, there is a very simple rule when it comes to the Trump administration's policy. Listen to Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant and stop listening to other members of the administration. Bessant knows what he's talking about. That is not true of trade advisor Peter Navarro. It's not true of some other members of the administration. Besant does have a good solid view as to what the Trump administration is attempting to do, and he understands markets well enough to understand the best ways to achieve all of that. Every time Bess speaks, the market spikes. And there is a reason for that. Presumably it was Bessant and his team who helped convince President Trump not to fire Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell, or threatened to fire him. That was roiling markets. According to the Washington Post, president Trump's abrupt shift in rhetoric on Tuesday toward Jerome Powell reflected the private lobbying of some of his senior advisors who had urged the president to back off his incendiary attacks on the Central Bank.


And that is a good thing. Again, one of the things that's hilarious and and amazing about what's going on economically speaking is that so much of it is just self-inflicted. If President Trump just stops doing some of these things, the economy goes back to something like normal and, and if you're gonna make major moves, you really do have to prep the ground for those major moves. Meanwhile, by the way, great Britain is saying that they're not gonna alter their standards or rush a US trade deal. So the one of the problems here for President Trump is many of the people he's negotiating with are not actually on board with his trade war. And so they're kind of eager to watch the United States twist in the wind a little bit here. According to Rachel Reeves, the British Chancellor of the Ex Checker, she said that Britain will not rush into a trade deal with the United States or change its food or car safety standards.


She said she wanted to reduce trade barriers between Britain and other countries, but they're not going to rush to it. Which again, is because they now believe that they have President Trump a little bit over a barrel in terms of this trade war because the economy has been roiling thanks to the trade war. Okay? Meanwhile, today, marks Yma HaShoah, which is Holocaust Remembrance Day and Holocaust. Remembrance Day was commemorated at Yale by throwing water bottles of Jews. So things were going really well over at Yale last night. The Yale anti-Israel encampments are back. The Tenda is back. They set up in response to a visit by Israeli National Security Minister Imar Ben Gavir, who is one of the furthest right ministers in the Israeli government.


Around 200 people calling for the university, cutting on financial ties with Israel, erected tents in Byi Plaza on the anniversary of the first encampment according to the Jerusalem Post. And, and there they set up checkpoints for Jews on the evening of Holocaust Remembrance Day, which starts at night in Israel. Just wonderful, wonderful people. By the way. I'm glad they're doing this because this is an excellent excuse for the Trump Administration's Office of Civil Rights led by harm, Dillon to crack down on Yale and maybe start taxing its endowment or removing its federal funding. Because if Yale refuses to do anything about, you know, like actually setting up checkpoints for Jews at the university, that is violation of the Civil Rights Act. In the same way it would be if whites set up a cordon to prevent black students from getting to certain parts of the campus.


Here are these Yale protestors blocking Jews. We will not stop, we will not rest his clothes. You can go, will not rest his clothes. Our camp put space, He can only go. He can only go Around. We honor all our borders, We'll honor all our borders. Brothers, fathers, sons and daughters, Fathers, father, sons and daughters. Three, three, Palestine. Three, three Palestine, Palestine. Three, three Palestine. I mean, I will say they're good at chanting like robots. So that's, that's exciting stuff by the way. Worth noting here. They're all masked for those who can't see the footage, they're all masked using like N 90 fives because they're some of the most pathetic people alive.


All these people who would be immediately tossed off the top of buildings in the Gaza Strip if Hamas had way standing there and blocking Jews from getting to parts of campus on Holocaust, you know, good. I mean, I guess good for them. They've got the, the courage of, of saying the thing out loud. By the way, where do you think those chants are coming from? We are mourning all our martyrs. Who are their, have you ever heard that sort of language from the left? Typically, like if you're a normal Kami idiot rally, do they use the term martyrs or is that language that is coming directly from fr fans and allies of Hamas? There's only one group on planet Earth who talks like that. Who, who speaks about martyrs in English like that? Okay. And, and that would be radical Islamists. Most people do not speak like that, particularly not in the United States of America.


And there was more footage of protestors blocking Jews and tossing water bottles of Jews and all the rest of it. This is my, I wanna walk through my space. This is my, Your Jewish student saying they just wanna walk through this part of campus and they're saying no, Say get out.


Honestly, this is good news. I, I hope they continue to do this and I hope that Yale gets absolutely clocked by the Trump Justice Department. I think that'd be a, an excellent and proper way to respond to the trash administration over at Yale. So I asked my friends and sponsors over at Perplexity, just how big is Yale's endowment and also how much federal taxpayer money does Yale receive? According to Perplexity, Yale University's endowment sit at $41.4 billion as of June 30th, 2024, making it the second largest university endowment in the United States, only behind Harvard. They have plenty of money. So if they start losing taxpayer money, well they can just deal with it because you know what? Violation of the Civil Rights Act not okay. Actually illegal. As far as federal funding.


In fiscal year 2024, Yale received wait for it, $898.7 million in federal funding. Federal funding to Yale's significant, but it's actually not the leader. Pennsylvania u UPenn received $1.8 billion. Columbia University, 1.3 billion Harvard University, $686.5 million in the same period. So yeah, they're vulnerable and they should be held to account in the same way that Harvard's being held to account. I'm sure that Trump administration is very eager to put its actions on Harvard in practice with Yale as well. Get to more on this in a moment.


First, anywhere worth going is worth going in a pair of awesome boots, find your perfect pair with Kovas. The first time I put my Kovas boots on, it was like they're already broken in. Which makes sense because every single pair goes through over 200 meticulous steps of handcrafting. I used to think Western boots were just for cowboys, but since these folks started back in Texas in 2015, they've been changing that story. Whether you're a lifelong rancher or just looking for your first pair of western boots, Kovas makes it feel easy. I mean, look at me. Do I look like a cowboy to you, but I still wear Tecovas. You can wear them from sunup to sundown. They're built tough enough for long days, but stylish enough for a night out. Again, you can wear them pretty much everywhere, super comfortable, and you don't have to be the kind of guy who can pull off a cowboy hat to make it happen. No matter your size or style, they've got the perfect boot waiting for you. Plus, with Kovas is best in the West guarantee you get free returns in exchanges for 30 days. Pretty tough to be Right now. Get 10% off at tecovas.com/shapiro when you sign up for email and texts. That's 10% off at TCO vs.com/shapiro tecovas.com/shapiro. See site for details. Tecovas, point your toes west. That's 10% off Right now at tecovas.com/shapiro.


Okay, folks, coming up, we're going to jump into the vaunted mailbag, but in order to watch you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Code Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.