
Well folks, a lot to get to today on the show, everything from the stock market dump of yesterday and the state of the economy to the White House, deciding to deport a Hamas sympathizer from the United States Green card holder. First, the mainstream media thinks you're too dumb to see through their lies. They like to twist the narrative or manipulate the headlines, bury the truth. We know better at The Daily Wire. We're gonna bring you the facts, what I do here professionally, and then you get in on the conversation. Join the live chat during our daily shows, 100% uncensored ad free, packed with fans who actually think for themselves. Plus, every day a producer from our show will be there to talk to you about the news. Get the news lid should be honest, fearless without the left wing agenda. Your voice matters. Be a part of it. Join now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So yesterday obviously we saw a massive stock market dump. The stock market Data, Jones Industrial average dumps almost 900 points. The stock market has been in a bit of a free fall over the course of the last couple of weeks, and this is something that I've been predicting for a while. It turns out that when you mess with the market mechanisms, people don't like it. Investors tend to take their money out of the market and wait for things to be a little calmer, a little more steady. If you think of the free markets as essentially an ocean, sometimes it's pretty choppy out there Right now it's choppy. And here's the thing, if this administration is blamed for the choppy waters, that is quite bad. Not just for this administration, but for everything that in the public mind it represents.


According to the Wall Street Journal, a new round of recession fears rattled markets on Monday, sending the Dow Jones Industrial average down nearly 900 points eroding Wall Street consensus that US stocks would be among this year's biggest winners. By the way, this is having an impact on President Trump's approval ratings. There's a new pullout from Emerson today that shows President Trump is underwater on the economy by 11 points. He's still at 47 45 in his overall approval rating. That is largely due to the widespread and correct perception that in immigration he has totally changed the ballgame. We are experiencing the lowest levels of illegal immigration ever recorded in the United States as far as I'm aware, but when it comes to the economy, which is the thing that most people vote based upon, make their political decisions based upon.


If President Trump is blamed for an economic downturn, the effects of that could be disastrous. Not just obviously for the Trump administration, but for many of the things that are important for the United States, including free markets more generally. According to the Wall Street Journal worries about a trade war. Signs of flagging growth, splinters in the artificial intelligence trade have taken some of the shine off. Prior optimism, president Trump over the weekend refused to rule out a recession this year. The s and p 500 fell 2.7%. NASDAQ lost 4%. Bank stocks slid along with shares of smaller companies perceived to be sensitive to the economy. Bonds rallied. That's, that's where money tends to go. When people are uncertain what to do, they start buying bonds because at least they feel like they're gonna get paid off at a certain point.


While the USS strength is in question, other countries are ramping up efforts to revive their own economies. China's unleashing more stimulus to meet its economic growth target. Germany has announced a spending splurge on its military and infrastructure. Now again, all of that is fake, meaning that if you just borrow to spend, which is what the United States has been doing for a very long time, you end up with an artificially inflated economy. This has happened in the United States. It's way more true for Germany and, and China actually than it is of the United States. However, there is something else happening and it's deeper and that is a widespread perception that the Trump team is trying to reshape the global order in a way that will not be good for the American economy or the global economy, right?


This is a widespread perception that is beginning to sort of percolate into the markets. And again, I'm talking to many of the market makers. I'm talking to business people who have literally hundreds of millions of dollars invested in the markets and they are all very, very wary of the sort of signals that are being put out. And signals matter an awful lot when it comes to the economy these days because as I've spoken about before, if you're a even a small business person, what do you want to make sure that you're gonna invest in your business, you want a growing economy. You wanna make sure that the government isn't gonna come and take your money. The government isn't gonna tame come in and and overregulate you, and that the conditions tomorrow are gonna be very similar to the conditions you have today. That's how you make predictive decision making. It's how you decide whether to hire that extra employee.


It's how you decide whether to invest in more capital equipment. It's how you decide whether to expand your holdings in particular areas or contract your holdings in particular areas. Predictability matters. Now, president Trump is not a predictable president. He has never been a predictable president, but the one area that he was always quite predictable on was his economics. President Trump liked tariffs, but you know what? He liked more. He liked results. And So What that meant is that during the first administration when he talked tariffs a lot, the total amount of tariffs effectually that were put on the American economy ended up totaling something like $30 billion total. It was not huge and much of it was designed to leverage places like Mexico into signing a new version of the U-S-M-C-A. I think one of the reasons that people in the markets are particularly perturbed by Trump's attacks on Canada in the markets is that it's one thing to say we're going after Mexico to get them to close the border.


That that's a piece of leverage. Alright, fine. It's another thing to say, okay, we're gonna put tariffs on China because China is stealing our intellectual property and building up their military at incredibly rapid rates. Totally agree. Fine. Canada, what do Canada do? Exactly. And the very notion that Canada is not a major trading partner with the United States is untrue. Canada is our number one trading partner, and Canada, again has extraordinarily low average tariff rates with the United States under a deal negotiated during President Trump's first term the US MCA. So the aim at Canada appears to the global markets to be a move away from America's involvement in the world in total. Now, as I've spoken about before, that doesn't mean we need to be involved everywhere either militarily or economically.


However, the reality that America is the global hegemon is one of the reasons that the American economy continues to be the behemoth that it is. When you withdraw from what is a defacto financial empire, when you withdraw from providing global security and freedom of the seas, when it appears that what you're attempting to do is draw inward, the rest of the world has less interest in investing in you buying your debt, for example, funding your giant government expenditures. The rest of the world is less interested in doing business with you if it's harder to do business with you. And this has a very, very bad effect on the economy, not just outside the United States, but inside the United States. It turns out that autarky the notion that we should produce and consume everything in the United States, that's a romantic idea everywhere.


It has been tried literally everywhere. It has been tried over the course of the last few centuries. It has ended with impoverishment of the population followed generally by expansionism. That is true in Germany, it is true in China, it is true pretty much every, it's true in Russia. It's true pretty much everywhere has been tried. And so if the markets think that's what you're doing, even if you're not doing it, that's not going to be good for the markets. As Reuters is reporting, president Trump's tariffs have spooked investors with fears of an economic downturn driving a stock market sell that has wiped out $4 trillion from the s and p five hundreds peak last month when Wall Street was curing much of the Trump agenda, a barrage of new Trump policies, increased uncertainty for businesses, consumers and investors, notably back and forth tariff moves against major trading partners like Canada, Mexico, and China.


Now, president Trump for his part, he's saying, listen, short-term pain for long-term gain, here's what President Trump had to say with Maria Bar Romo. You said, look, we're gonna have a disruption, but we're okay with that. Is that what you meant? The stock market going down was the disruption. What other disruption were you alluding to? Look, What I have to do is build a strong country. You can't really watch the stock market. If you look at China, they have a hundred year perspective. We have a quarter, we go by quarters. That's true. And you can't go by that. You have to do what's right. What we're doing is we're building a tremendous foundation for the future. Tremendous foundation. Okay, you need to explain if that's the case, what is the tremendous foundation that is going to lead to future growth and how do we get from point A to point B in a way that doesn't blow up everybody's 401k?


It turns out, by the way, more than half Americans are heavily invested in the stock market through things like their 401k. So this is not just a quote unquote rich people problem. This is an everybody problem and sort of side effects of market downturns affect everyone from Main Street to to to Wall Street. As the Wall Street Journal points out, there's some some red lights that are already flashing. Take Friday's jobs report, which showed employers added 151,000 jobs last month. That's half as many as in November and December. Leisure and hospitality jobs have been declining in the past few months, which may indicate consumers are pulling back on their discretionary spending. The labor force participation rate fell 0.2 percentage points to 64, 2 0.4% owing to a decline among men.


Manufacturing did gain 10,000 jobs in the month, but the number of workers employed part-time who wanted but couldn't get full-time work increased by 460,000 to 4.9 million, which is the most in spring of 2021. Service businesses are being whipsawed. Transportation equipment manufacturers are being whipsawed. Whipsaw just means one day they think that there's gonna be a tariff one day they don't know that there's going to be a tariff, and so everybody's looking for what's the overall vision here? What is the overall vision? Is this President Trump using tariffs as leverage? We don't know. Is this President Trump using tariffs as a way to force everybody else to lower their tariffs? We don't know. We've heard that justification too. Or is it just that President Trump sees a vision of the United States with higher tariffs and a reshoring of manufacturing that is good for particular industries, but very bad for the American consumer by raising prices overall and also disconnecting the American economy from other parts of the globe that actually, by the way, again, do subsidize the American economy.


I understand that there is this notion that trade deficits where we buy more stuff from people than they buy from us somehow reflects American weakness. But the reality is that there are many poor countries with trade surpluses and there are many rich countries with trade deficits. Trade deficits are not what they appear to be, not necessarily. The reality is that if we spend more money abroad than people spend here, those dollars come back. How do they come back? Well, very often they come back in the form of governments either holding our dollars as the global reserve currency or in the form of other governments buying American bonds, which funds our growing national debt, which is out of control. And I love what Dosha is doing. We need to bend the cost curve.


The reality is, as I've said over and over, and I'll continue to say, we are not solving our national debt problem unless we take a look at the very things. No one on either side wants to take a look at. Medicare, Medicaid. Social security means tested welfare programs. Those are the massive drivers of the American national debt. Elon Musk understands this, but trimming around the edges isn't gonna do it.


Obviously. It's a very dicey time for investors and smart investors need to prepare ahead of time, just like keeping a life jacket handy before you set sale. That's why many people are adding gold to their portfolios leading to record gold prices in early 2025. There's still a great opportunity for you to diversify and strengthen your financial future when it comes to diversifying into physical gold. I personally trust Birch Gold. They're who I turn to for my own gold investments, their specialty, helping you convert your existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA, backed by physical gold without any out-of-pocket costs. One five star view says it's perfectly knowledgeable, helpful non-pressure. That's exactly why I've stood behind Birch Gold for years. They deliver exactly what they promise. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Ben to the number 98. 98 98. There's no obligation. Just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star reviews. Text BEN to 98. 98 98. Let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold. Again, this is a very uncertain market. It's difficult to know which way things are going, and this is why diversification has always been a time tested and useful strategy. Go ask all your questions by texting Ben to 98, 98, 98, and then let the experts at Birch Gold help you out.


Also, you know it's funny, when we started The Daily Wire, I thought the hard part would be creating awesome content. Well, it turns out dealing with the behind the scenes stuff, the hiring HR policies, employee issues, that's the stuff that eats up your time. And listen, I'm not alone. When you're a business owner, every second of your time is incredibly valuable. So don't waste your energy and risk losing money, dealing with time sucking payroll issues, office politics and HR infractions. Focus on the stuff that matters most. Running your business with help from Bambee. Here's what makes Bambee different. They give you access to your very own dedicated HR manager at a fraction of what it costs to employ someone full-time and get this Bambee costs just 29 bucks a month, whether you have 10 75 or even 100 employees. If I had Bambee when I was first building, this team would've saved a lot of hours, a lot of headaches. Instead of getting bogged down with paperwork and compliance stuff, I could have focused on growing the show, connecting with the audience, with Bambi's HR Autopilot. You don't have to waste your valuable time getting into the weeds on HR policies. Onboarding, terminations plus Bambi's, month to month, no hidden fees. You can cancel any anytime RIGHT NOW. Get one month of Bambi for just a buck. Go to bambi.com. Type in Ben Shapiro under Podcast to schedule your first call with an HR Manager Right now. That's one month of Bambee for just one dollar@bmbe.com. Ben Shapiro podcast, right?


You hear is Elon Musk correctly citing one of the, one of the key phenomena that demonstrates the sort of underlying weakness of the American economic plan based on our spending. He says, our interest payments are now outstripping what we pay for defense. Our interest payments are higher than our Defense Department budget. That's, that's I think was the real wake up call for me was looking at, at seeing that the interest payments, the national debt exceeded the Defense Department budget. And that was only growing over time, which meant if, if we didn't do something about this, then there won't be any money for anything. We'll just be servicing debt and You know how to read an income statement and you know how to read a balance sheet.


You've had some business experience I'm getting, but yeah, you know about this stuff. Yeah, I, I mean really, I just don't want America to go bankrupt. Okay? That that is correct. But Doge is not gonna be capable of single handedly doing all of that and many of the moves that we are currently making, it's about to make it very difficult to raise more debt. Okay? And all this is tied to what is the actual sort of overall Trump plan. And it takes a little while for the Trump doctrine to sort of take shape. Again, I have my idea of what the Trump doctrine is that's very different from say, Tucker Carlson's idea of what the Trump doctrine is. And President Trump doesn't really have a Trump doctrine. President Trump just has a series of what I think our very good political instinct and a fundamentally good set of principles, but that doesn't necessarily translate into something overall.


But the way the markets are increasingly reading, what President Trump is doing globally is that President Trump wants to reshore everything and he wants to withdraw from the world. And that is not going to have beneficial effects for the American consumer to the American producer of the American economy at large. And here I wanna talk about the, the sort of problems that are going to arise from this vision. So there's a really good analyst, his name is Balaji Srinivasan, okay? Who's a, an American entrepreneur and investor and a former general partner at Andreessen Horowitz. And he has a, a good tweet thread today explaining why it is that the world is perceiving some of the moves that the Trump administration is making as indicative of a broader worldview problem that could undermine sort of American strength.


He says, here are four things MAGA is getting wrong and why it's tanning over the world to China. One MAGA correctly understands that America's economic position is in decline, but think this is due to economic competition itself rather than lack of competitiveness is a big thing. Okay? He's right about this. The reason that America has been in relative decline versus China is not because the competitive global markets are bad, it's because America is not competitive in the American global markets. And Trump understands this, by the way. It's just sort of the other half of what he's doing with tariffs, meaning when he focuses on tax policy and regulatory policy that makes America more competitive. Vis are the other countries getting rid of competition entirely via tariffs, via cutting off world trade.


The abandoning parts of the world is not likely to result in American victory. It results in American impoverishment. Second, he says, MAGA understands that the US has wasted trillions of abroad in foreign wars, but thinks the problem is global leadership itself rather than poor leadership. Again, this is a, a really important point. Obviously the United States has involved itself, particularly in Iraq or Afghanistan in wars that were either unwinnable or had such bad strategies attached to them that they became unwinnable. That does not mean that abandoning the globe to the predations of the Chinese Russians and Iranians is going to be beneficial to America, that that is going to increase America's health in the world economically or otherwise. We need to be concerted about how we use force and how we threaten to use force.


But a world without America is a worse world, including for Americans. Third, MAGA knows their Blue American enemies have allies abroad, but as incorrectly overreacted to this by treating every non-American, non red American as an enemy, okay, thi this is I think the point about Canada. Yes, it turns out that Blue America took over the institutions of the United States. The left took over the major institutions including things like U-S-A-I-D, and then they fostered abroad alliances with a bunch of people who actually don't like America very much. That does not mean that the United States does not have allies abroad whore worth, worth cultivating, and attacking places like Canada, for example, in, by the way, the attacks on Canada are likely to elevate Blue American types to power.


In Canada, the person who just replaced Justin Trudeau as head of the liberal party is a Davos boy. He's a world economic forum guy, and he's now riding high in the polls thanks to this tariff war that we're having with Canada. And fourth says Balaji. MAGA sees the billions of dollars flowing from the United States to form recipients, but isn't grasping that the US can only print those dollars in the first place so long as it's the hub of a global empire. This is the point that I was making last week about the dollar as the world's reserve currency, is that yes, we fund a lot of places and a lot of places fund our debt. That is just the reality. He says basically, MAGA is hyperfocused on cutting off any apparent flow of funds from Red Americans to Blue Americans and non-Americans. They're trying to quickly shut off imports, closed down institutions and exit all wars.


Except the reason imports exist in the first place is because the United States products are not competitive relative to other products or fed printing. The reason those institutions exist is because the United States set them up to run the world. The reason those wars are happening is not because of American leadership per se, but because of the absence of good leadership by America. If you shut all of that down at once, you shut down American Empire and with it, the ability to print money, fund your debt or anything like that, this is a correct analysis. And if the world perceives that as the program, it is not going to be beneficial to the markets. It's not gonna be beneficial to American citizens. Again, this is not, America needs to be the world's global police person involved in every single place. This is not America needs to trade with everybody at the same rate.


This is, if there is a generalized perception in the markets and across the world that America is withdrawing, that is not going to be beneficial for the United States because an American led world order is a, is better than a non-American led world order. Beyond that, there are gonna be some real downsides here in the United States. We need President Trump to succeed, particularly economically. We need him to succeed particularly economically. This picture, I think is gonna be the story of the next four years. One way or another. This is a picture from the inauguration. You'll remember it because it was obviously a pretty famous picture. This is a picture of all of the tech bros arriving at the inauguration. And you can see it's Elon Musk, it's Senator Hai, who's the head of of Alphabet.


It's Jeff Bezos, the head of Amazon. It's Mark Zuckerberg, the head of Facebook meta, right? They were all there at the, at the inauguration, they were flanking President Trump. And it was sort of an amazing moment because yet had all these business leaders, many of whom were not in fact allied with President Trump over the course of his career. Here were at the inauguration. Now, the only downside to that is that if the economy sinks, what do you think is going to take the blame? What President Trump is doing Right now at tariffs that is not free market oriented tariffs are not free market oriented. They're a government control on imports and exports. That's what they are. They're effectively attacks on consumers. If the economy dips, if the economy dips, the American people are going to perceive that business itself is to blame for what happens next.


Regardless of the fact that many of the measures that are currently being taken by the sort of nationalist conservatives in terms of economics measures like subsidies, new regulations in certain areas, tariffs, which are a form of regulation, that all of these sorts of battles really are, are not oriented toward free markets. They're, they're more of a Bernie Sanders economic program in some ways than they are in a, a sort of traditional libertarian and free market program. The perception of President Trump correctly is that he's a businessman and that he's capitalism oriented. If the economy sinks while he's president in a serious way where Americans turn against him, and again, he's underwater on the economy Right now, if that happens, it is not just going to damage Trump, which would be terrible and damage the Trump administration and the Republican future, which would be terrible.


It is going to be used as a club against all of business, all of it. There'll be a blowback against business, capitalism and free markets, despite the fact that it wasn't business capitalism and free markets that brought us to this point. It was over weening government spending and the bunch of pseudo corrective measures that are attempting to be taken by the Trump administration in the form of aar re aar reshoring. The, the, the sort of popular response, something that I've learned over the course of watching politics at a granular level for almost a quarter of a century. I've been doing this since I was 17. I'm currently 41. One of the things that I've noticed, and this is true for everybody in every industry, when you're in an industry and you know the ins and outs of a thing, when you know the details of the thing, you think everybody else knows the details of the thing.


You think everybody else follows the ins and outs. That's not true. And let's say that you are Leonardo da Vinci and you're painting the Mona Lisa, you know where every single brush stroke went, you know the amounts of effort it took in. What did people take away from the Mona Lisa? For most people, they walk into the lou, they look at the Mona Lisa, they see it's a lady with no eyebrows. They kinda shrug and they walk away. That is most people. And the same thing is true in every industry. If you're an accountant, you know the ins and the outs of the tax laws. And so you figure maybe everybody else kinda has a general idea. The answer is no. They just know whether they're paying more or whether they're paying less. And when it comes to politics, I may know, or you as a listener to shows like this one may know the ins and outs of global geopolitics and economics.


You may follow this stuff at a closer level than 99% of the rest of America. Most people only see line go up, line, go down. And if line goes down while President Trump is president, the blowback is going to be not just against tariff policy, it's going to be against business, it's going to be against capitalism. It's going to be against Elon Musk and Peach Eye and Zuckerberg and Trump and everyone associated. The American public does not see issues in terms of nuance the American public sees, good or bad. If the economy goes down, then what you are likely to see is an upsurge in left-wing populous sentiment against free market capitalism.


And you're likely to still see the sort of Bill Burr perspective on economics, which is totally ignorant. And by the way, utterly hypocritical given the fact that he's a millionaire himself who makes money saying used to be funny things on tv. But here, for example, is Bill, bill going after Elon Musk. Well, you're gonna leave the country 'cause of one guy with dyed hair plugs and a laminated face who runs a, who makes a bad car and has has an obsolete social media platform. You're, you're gonna leave this. Why doesn't he leave? Why isn't he stopped? What are we so afraid of this guy who can't fight his way out of a wet paper bag? You can take him on.


Like, what is the why, why, why do liberals just sit back and not they, they, they just, they they have nothing. What what, What are you doing? This, Okay, This, you gotta speak up about it. You don't just go like, oh my God. What? Like, like, listen, first of all, it's like I'm a standup comedian. It's not my frigging job. I'm talking about like democratic politicians. Where is their pushback? They're allegedly liberal. You see this guy do this thing, you know what the end result of this thing is? Which all these neo-Nazis, not only are they stupid because they're neo-Nazis, they don't even look at what Hitler did. He ruined their country. And this idiot is gonna try to lead us down that road and then play it off and act like he didn't do what he just did.


And you can get canceled as a comedian for doing a frigging Kaitlyn Jenner joke. But this can see Kyle and nothing. Ha where are all the liberals? Where are all of these, these, these, these white chicks at the award shows that were speaking truth to power? Where are they? Why did they choose to go after comedians and not the Ku Klux Klan? How come they never got canceled? Okay, Now again, the, this sort of attack on Musk, this sort of neo-Nazi, he raised his arm stuff is nonsense. But the populist anti-capitalist, anti-free market, anti-business attitude is going to be extremely common. If the economy sinks, that's gonna be a real, real problem.


Well, he, he is not a genius. But you know what is genius Policy Genius securing your family's future, it's of utmost importance in today's world. As somebody who's always advocated for smart financial planning, I can tell you, having the right life insurance coverage is not just about peace of mind is about giving your family options if the unexpected occurs. That's what I wanna tell you about. Policy Genius. They're not an insurance company themselves. They are the country's leading online insurance marketplace. They let you compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side, completely free with absolutely no hidden fees. Their platform uses real licensed insurance experts who work for you, not the insurance companies. So you can find the best fit for your family. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online, let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. The process is fast and simple. Their licensed support team handles everything, answering your questions, managing paperwork, advocating for you throughout the entire process. Don't take my word for it. Thousands of satisfied customers have left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. No matter what stage of life you are in, Policy Genius will help you find the perfect coverage for your specific situation. Secure your families tomorrow so you have peace of mind today. Head on over to Policygenius dot com slash shapiro or click the link in the description, get your free life insurance quotes, see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash shapiro.


Also, what does the future hold for business? If you ask nine experts, you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market inflation, up, down. Well until we know for certain what's coming. Over 38,000 businesses have found a way to future proof their operations with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP. Imagine having your accounting, financial management inventory all seamlessly integrated into one fluid platform that's NetSuite. With this unified business management suite, you're not just juggling numbers, you are wielding a powerful tool that gives you visibility and control to make quick informed decisions. It's like having a map and a maze of market uncertainties, real-time insights and forecasting check. It's like peering into the future with actionable data at your fingertips. And here's a game changer. You'll be closing your books in days, not weeks. That means less time drowning in paperwork, more time focusing on what truly matters, steering your business towards success at The Daily Wire. We're proud to partner with NetSuite 'cause they're leading the way in future proofing operations for businesses around the world. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars, NetSuite adapts to your needs, helping you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. Now speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash shapiro. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash shapiro. That's NetSuite dot com slash shapiro.


Now, one of the theories here is that one of the things President Trump is trying to do actually is devalue the American dollar so as to boost our our exports for purposes of fixing the trade deficit.


So I went to our friends over at Perplexity and I asked a simple question, and Perplexity is a good job of explaining this sort of stuff. Quote, what are the effects on the ability of the United States to sell our debt if the value of the dollar drops? Because this is sort of the biggest single question you heard Elon earlier talking about the fact that we pay more interest on our debt than we're currently paying on the defense budget. So What happens to raise? Can we raise new debt if the dollar is devalued and here is Perplexity? Excellent answer, negative effect, reduced foreign demand for US treasuries. A weaker dollar may lower the appeal of dollar denominated assets, including US treasuries for foreign investors. If the dollar depreciates foreign holders of US debt could face losses when converting interest payments or principle backends their own currencies, this could lead to reduced investment in US debt markets. Two, higher interest rates to attract buyers for its debt amid declining demand. The US government may need to offer higher yields on treasuries, increasing borrowing costs. Rising interest rates can also exacerbate concerns about debt sustainability and put upward pressure on real yields. Three, loss of confidence. A sustained drop in the dollars value could signal broader economic instability, potentially triggering a loss of confidence among investors in US financial assets. This could result in a sell off of US treasuries and further depreciation of the currency. In other words, everybody else who's holding our debt thinks that the new debt actually is going to be less valuable than the old debt and they start selling it off four inflationary pressures. A weaker dollar increases the cost of imported goods and services potentially fueling inflation. Higher inflation erodes the real returns on fixed income assets like treasuries making them less attractive to investors. Now, why President Trump could be focusing on theoretically is the positive effects of a weaker dollar. And President Trump talks about how he wants the Federal Reserve to lower the interest rates and inject money into the economy, increase competitiveness. A weaker dollar makes us exports cheaper and more competitive internationally, which could boost economic growth and improve trade balances over time. However, the reality of a weaker dollar is that America can be competitive without doing that. You don't need to upend America's ability to raise debt by increasing tariffs, by lowering the value of the dollar. Those are not things that are necessary Right now. We're already in an inflationary spiral. We don't need more inflation on top of all of this. And as Perplexity points out, the major long-term effect would be things like de dollarization. So again, something I was mentioning last week, the entire American economy is reliant on other people buying our debt on a continuous basis to fund our government spending. Countries might diversify away from dollar dollar denominated assets reducing their alliance on US treasuries. As reserve holdings and concerns about sanctions or asset freezes might further reduce foreign official demand for US debt. I totally agree with Perplexity conclusion here, that while a weaker dollar could stimulate certain aspects of the economy, opposes risks to the uss ability to sell its debt efficiently by increasing borrowing costs, undermining investor confidence in treasury securities. That is correct. Thanks to our friends at Perplexity for sponsoring that search.


Well again, in the search for some sort of sobriety and stability in the economic space, the Congress Right now is looking to push forward a continuing resolution. We spoke with representative Chip Roy, again, a very strong fiscal conservative in Congress yesterday on the program. Speaker Johnson is now eyeing a house vote today on a sixth month funding extension that was crafted on a partisan basis. He's going to rely on only Republican votes to pass it in the house and dare Democrats to try to oppose it. It looks as though there's a strong shot that it is going to pass. The shutdown countdown is down to three days because the shutdown happens on Friday. Many again of the more conservative members of the clock is are on board. There's one who is obviously not going to be, and that of course is Thomas Massey, who's reliable no vote on everything and like on everything, he's essentially Ron Paul.


But from Kentucky, same voting record, same general worldview, all of it. Well, this prompted President Trump to go after Massey correctly noting that Massey basically has no interest in in governing almost ever. And in a situation like this, what you actually need is Republicans who are willing to govern. Again, the job of being a Congress person is not the same as the job of being a podcast host or the job of being a CNN commentator or something like it is literally your job to try and go for 80% of the pie. This is why, again, I think that Chip Roy does a good job of this. Chip actually tries to push the ball as far as it will go, while recognizing that the ball eventually is gonna have to be kicked, right? Something's gonna have to happen.


He, he will push the line as far as he can without falling into the trap of just saying no to everything. Well, president Trump put out a statement yesterday saying that he will lead the charge to Ous Thomas Massey for his refusal to support the government funding bill. He put out a truth social post. He said, Congressman Thomas Massey of beautiful Kentucky is an automatic no vote on just about everything. He said, Massey should be primaried and I'll lead the charge against him. Now, Trump had also prior times tried to unsuccessfully oust Massey. Massey responded by saying, I've had a challenger who tried to be more Maggie than me. Three times, none busted 25% because my constituents prefer transparency and principles over blind allegiance.


Again, totally fair for Massey there. However, it is a reality that Massey is reliable. No vote on everything that would be sort of effective for Republicans to do. And even though I agree with Massey, actually more than many other Republicans on his generalized spending proposals, is Trump wrong to target Massey about all of this? I mean, if the continuing resolution fails and we get to Friday and the government shuts down, the downside effects are going to be very, very strong for the Republicans, including Republicans in Congress. And it's easy for Massey to say, since he's not in a a purple district, he's not somebody who's gonna battle his way back to the back to the Congress. His district is like a plus 20 Republican district. So all of this you would think might provide an opening to Democrats, right?


This would be the moment where Democrats start to make their economic pitch, oh, look at the oligarchic Republicans with their business ties, and yet they're sending your 401k spiraling down, right? This would be like if you were a smart democratic politician, this is the thing you would be doing, correct? You would be, you'd be focusing in like a laser beam on the economy because if the economy continues to decline, if we fall into recession, that's gonna be your move. And yet Democrats are apparently complete idiots. They fell off the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down because they're focused in Laser Lake on the defense of a Hamas sympathizer whose green card is going to be removed. This is the thing they have decided is absolutely vital for them to stand against.


It's unreal. I mean, seriously, it's just political malpractice at this point. So this person's name is Mahmud Khalil. Yesterday the White House announced that they would be moving to deport Mahmud Khalil. Who the hell is that? M Kalil? Well, he's an anti-Israel pro kamas activist, and he's an actual pro kamas activist who led protests at Columbia University when all those buildings were occupied and the 10 fada was taking place, it was announced by the White House that ice would be arresting him and removing him. The White House put out a meme reading Shalom Mahmud, which of course is a reference to President Trump's statement. Shalom Hamas telling Hamas they need to give up all the hostages or they would cease to exist.


Obviously the connection there has to do with the fact that this person is extraordinarily pro Hamas. President Trump said, we'll find apprehend and deport terrorist sympathizers from our country never to return again, which seems like a pretty commonsensical policy that if you're here on a green card and you support terrorism, probably you shouldn't be here. We don't need you here. According to the Wall Street Journal, Columbia University student, mah Khalil was the first to be arrested by Homeland Security agents for his participation in pro-Palestinian demonstrations on campus. President Trump vowed he would not be the last. And again, that is a misread by the news department at the Wall Street Journal, which is to the left of the New York Times. He was not arrested because he went to a pro-Palestinian demonstration. He was arrested because he has active ties to groups that openly support Hamas.


That would be the reason Trump said in his social media post quote, we know there are more students at Columbia and other universities across the country who have engaged in pro terrorist anti-Semitic, anti-American activity. The Trump administration will not tolerate it. The education Department said Monday and sent letters to 60 schools warning of potential enforcement actions if they don't fulfill obligations to protect Jewish students. And again, that is an outgrowth of the Civil Rights Act, which lays out that all these colleges have anti-discrimination policies on the basis of race that applies to black students, white students, Jewish students, Arab students, everybody. So you can't selectively fail to enforce the law when it comes to the Jews is sort of the point that that Trump has made. Kil played a prominent role in organizing protests last year against the war in Gaza, often addressing crowds on Columbia's lawn and giving interviews to national media.


He was inside the Barnard Library during an occupation last week to protest the expulsion of two students for earlier demonstrations according to photographs posted on social media. But that is not actually the full story about Mahmood Klio and the people he has associated himself with. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio put out a statement, we'll be revoking the visas and or green cards of Hama supporters in America so they can be deported. The Homeland Security Department put out a statement as well, quote on March 9th, 2025 in support of President Trump's executive orders, prohibiting antisemitism and in coordination with the Department of State, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, arrested Mahmood Khalil, a former Columbia University graduate student, Khalil led activities aligned to Hama, a designated terrorist organization.


Again, there's a difference between pro-Palestinian and aligned with Hamas, although distinction has been obliterated by the pro-Palestinian crowd who have largely aligned with Hamas at this point. So What are exactly beyond him saying bad stuff? What exactly is the thing that's getting him in trouble here? Well, it turns out that the group that he headed, a Columbia University apartheid, divest, withdrew an apology that it made for a member who said, Zionists don't deserve to live Columbia University. Apartheid, divest, which was this. This guy's group put out a statement. This is according to the New York Times, October 9th, 2024.


We support liberation by any means necessary, including armed resistance. That's not just pro-Palestinian, that is pro Hamas. That is what you are talking about. They then distributed a newspaper with a headline that used Hamas' name one year since AA flood revolution until victory. It read over a picture of Hamas fighters breaching the security fence to Israel. The group posted an essay calling the attack a moral military and political victory. I mean, that's pretty pro Hamas. That's not like pro, that's like pro a terrorist group. And again, if you're an American citizen and you do this sort of stuff, that's one thing. If you're a green card holder, why do we need you here? Green Card does not give you the right under American law to actively orient yourself toward terrorism.


That is not a thing. When the founders were constructing the Constitution, they're not like, let's bring people from abroad who hate America and love terrorism. That was never considered a right under American law. The group wrote on October 7th, 2024, the Palestinian resistance is moving their struggle to a new phase of escalation. It's our duty to meet them. There it is. Our duty to fight for our freedom. That'd be Hamas that this person is talking about. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier.


Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank. So again, the New York Times recognized at the time, this is before the election, that this could lead to federal investigations into campus antisemitism, or on campus discipline if these were deemed to create a hostile environment for Jewish students. Now, again, it's more than that. It turns out that Khalil's group, the Columbia University Apartheid divest, was one of 150 pro terrorism groups identified by journalist Ryan Morrow over at Capital Research.


Khalil's Group says that it is fighting for a total eradication of Western civilization. It also asked for help from violence extremists abroad. We seek instructions from militants in the global South Khalil's Group said we in America must be killed, jailed, and tortured and targeted in order to genuinely threaten the state as part of the global in Nevada. He suggested the only way to respond to state repression is to storm prisons and release prisoners and burn down prisoners, prisons, government offices, and state vehicles. That's Khalil's group. I mean, like I, I don't know how much clearer your sympathy for Kamas has to get in order for you to, you know, violate the law. So What does the law actually say on this?


Well, what exactly does the law actually say? Well, good news. We actually know what the law says according to Immigration and National Act, section two 12. There are a number of grounds for ineligibility for a green card or immigration based on security grounds. That includes quote, anyone who endorses or espouses terrorist activity or persuades others to endorse or espouse terrorist activity or support a terrorist organization. So yeah, I mean that the Supreme Court has ruled back in 1904 that anarchists, for example, could be barred from the United States Congress of the opinion that the tendency of the general exploitation of such use is so dangerous to the public wheel that aliens who hold and advocate them would be undesirable additions to our population.


Again, there's a section of the INA that grants, the State Department brought authority to deport any alien whose presence or activities in the United States. The Secretary of State has reasonable grounds to believe would have potentially serious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States. And that is exactly the authority that Secretary of State Rubio is citing in this guy's deportation. So you're hearing the SOB stories from the left, the Senate. So What did the Senate judiciary Democrats do? Again, the stock market tanked to the tune of 900 points yesterday, and it has tanked to the tune of a significant percentage of the stock market's total value since the election. So What are Democrats focused laser like on they're hero of the day?


Hamas open Hamas sympathizer and pseudo revolutionary m kil, they put out a tweet, the Senate judiciary Democrats, with a picture of this guy that said Free m Khal. So just to get this straight, Democrats would not cheer last week for the family of Lake and Riley. They would not stand up and applaud the family of Jocelyn Nun Gary, who was killed by illegal immigrants. But they're going to stand four square behind a terrorist sympathizer who used to work for the U-N-R-W-A. We're not calling for the overthrow of Western civilization. They're gonna cheer for that guy. He has to stay in the United States. Guys, you are the, the political malpractice here is so strong that Democrats here are so ba so unbelievably bad at this, truly, truly awful at this.


Now, a judge has temporarily blocked a deportation. He's gonna get overruled. This judge also happens to be brothers with Jason Furman, member of the Obama administration. Most of his relatives work in, in like deep blue America and institutions and all the rest. Van Jones, perhaps the last sane man on the democratic side of the aisle. He was pointing out like, guys, what are you doing? Like what are you doing? Look man, we're we're, we're screwed. I mean, we don't, no, no. Democrats don't know what to do. This is, this is a, a nightmare. You know, somebody like Donald Trump, we thought we'd at least have, you know, Hakeem Jeffries in the speaker's chair to hold him back if we didn't have kamlan there to do the right thing. Listen, the Democratic Party is going through a, a massive set of internal crises.


You have a party that got trapped two ways, one, defending a broken status quo that nobody likes because they thought that Donald Trump was gonna make it worse. But when you're defending a status quo, you're gonna lose and then offending most people in the country, calling everybody sexist and racist and transphobic and every other name, and then saying, please follow us. That's not a good strategy. Folks defending a broken status quo and offending most of the country, turns out is not as popular as my party thought it was gonna be. You know, again, van is the only person speaking truth to power on CNN who is not a stated Republican, but the Democrats are gonna keep going down this path, which is why Whoopi Goldberg had on Dylan Mulvaney singularly responsible for the, for the complete collapse of the Bud Light brand they had on Dylan Mulvaney, a man pretending to be a woman, to talk about how men should compete with women in athletics.


I mean, they, they just, they keep doubling down on stupid. It's amazing. It's amazing. The roulette wheel keeps turning up the other way. And they're like, what if I just keep doubling down on the stupid? Well, no. Well, I, I think part of the problem that the trans community is facing, and it's the same problem that women face is if you don't know anything about our bodies, you don't know how it works. So when you come in and you say, oh, you know, these men are, these are men, you know, competing against women, competing against women, you are assuming that the women are weak and just can't do anything except here. Have you seen female athletes?


They know what they're doing. So I'm not sure what's going on or why this is an issue. Okay, un unbelievable. I'm sorry. But female athletes who know what they're doing, like Ri Gaines was like an NCAA champion. They're gonna get clobbered by any half decent dude in the pool. Everyone knows this. This is just basic human biology. I'm sorry that facts exist for Whoopi Goldberg because it makes her job really uncomfortable. But let Democrats keep following this path seriously. And Democrats are stuck because they keep throwing out these same types of people. There's an entire article in political about Tim Walls as though Tim Walls is going to make a giant comeback after his goofball presentation on the national stage.


Or Kamala Harris or Gavin Newsom, who's now cleverly attempting to move away from some of the woke stuff. The thing that I'm absolutely puzzled by, if you're a Democrat, I do not understand. You have a point of vulnerability now in the markets. Why are you not focusing in on that? And the answer is, they're so tied to their own social issues that they can't let go of them. This is the thing they actually care about. It's truly amazing, by the way, when it comes to the colleges and universities. We mentioned what's going on in Columbia? Something fairly amazing happened yesterday. So Harvard and Yale were among 60 colleges who were warned of fund cuts over claims that they have not properly policed discrimination against Jews on campus. And these universities are panicking. They're freaking out.


These universities are claiming that this will mean serious cuts to their budget, to their ability to take care of students. I mean, you're saying the quiet part out loud, which is that your government supported institutions, all of these campuses have billion dollar endowments. They have much money, lots and lots of money, but they are adjuncts to the federal government. And now that the federal government is saying, no, we're done with this, they're freaking out, which demonstrates just how deeply intertwined pseudo private institutions like Harvard and Yale are with the Blue State Democratic Party in the federal government already coming up. We're gonna get into the latest in Ukraine. We are also going to be getting into a piece of interesting news from Netflix.


First, you actually go become a subscriber. And the reason you do that is 'cause we all sorts, we have all sorts of great stuff behind the paywall, right? We got morning wire, we've got mi racist, we've got what is a woman? We have all access Live tons of stuff. And you get to hang out with us behind the paywall, right? If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.