
Well, we are at day 13 of Kamala Harris not being asked any questions at all about being the Democratic presidential nominee. We have all sorts of news coming. And here's the thing, you don't wanna miss a minute.


As a Daily Wire Plus member, you get uncensored, unfiltered ad free shows, the real time breaking news alerts that you need and more. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So yesterday, the big news is that the United States secured, along with its allies, a deal with Russia in order to return some 16 people, including multiple Americans from the Russians. The Russians had basically taken hostage a bunch of Americans over the course of the last several years, and the United States traded a bunch of murderers, terrorist spies for these hostages. This was treated as a massive win for the Biden administration yesterday by the media and by the Biden administration itself. So what exactly was the deal? According to the Wall Street Journal, it's the largest prisoner swap between east and west. Since the Cold War, Russia has released 16 people, including Evan Kovich. The Wall Street Journal reported detained over a year ago and wrongly convicted on a false charge of espionage.


The others included former US Marine Paul Whelan, as well as another journalist and activists who have opposed Vladimir Putin and his war in Ukraine. Russia in return has received eight people, including a convicted murderer. So the people of the United States got back where Evan Kovich, the Wall Street Journal reporter, who famously was taken prisoner by the Putin regime just about a year ago, Paul Whelan, who was taken prisoner by the Putin regime in 2018, a person named Ssu Karma Sheva, who is a Russian American journalist who was sentenced to six and a half years in prison in July when she was falsely accused of basically being a spy. A bunch of other UK Russian citizens, German Russian citizens, the Germans were involved in this exchange as well.


So who is Russia getting back in? And again, one of these, one of these trade deals like the one where we got back the WNBA player, who exactly is Russia getting back? Well, they're getting back. Vadi Krasikov, who was sentenced to life imprisonment in Germany in 2021 for shooting dead. A former Chechen rebel leader in Berlin on Russia's orders. Anna Rena Dova and Artem Victor Rovic Dov, who are apparently, these are the real names of Maria Rosa May Munoz and Ludwig, who posed as an Argentine couple in Slovenia and were charged in 2002 as Russian agents working across Europe. Another Russian national who was effectively a spy who is released from Norway.


A Spanish that Disse named Pablo Gonzalez Yagi, who was arrested by Polish authorities near the border with Ukraine in 2022. And accused of being a Russian spy, Roman sne, a the son of a Russian lawmaker who had hacked credit card numbers in the United States resulting in $169 million in losses and was serving 27 years in prison in the United States. Vladi Kian, who's a Russian national who is convicted of hacking into corporate databases to trade on, yet to be released to earnings reports from companies like Tesla. His company was conducting work for the Kremlin. He was released from the United States as well. And finally, Vadi Kush Chen, who was an extradited Russian national to the United States on charges that he illegally smuggled microelectronics and munitions to the Russian military.


So a bunch of spies, smugglers one murderer who are traded for a bunch of Western innocence. Now it's great that we're getting back our people. That is a, that is a wonderful and good thing. The treatment of this as a massive triumph by the Biden administration betrays an enormous amount about the way that Americans think about foreign policy, particularly on the left and in the hallowed precincts of the State Department. The way that the west has become accustomed to looking at foreign policy is that the best foreign policy is where you end up trading a bunch of murderers and spies for a bunch of innocent people. That is like the best, that is the best case outcome. And that in and of itself is an extension of a generalized worldview, which says that the best foreign policy for America is where you lose slowly and with the least possible cost, not where you actually push to victory.


It's part and parcel of a broader worldview that says, for example, that Afghanistan was a triumph, which is something that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have said that Afghanistan, the pullout of from Afghanistan, which left tens of thousands of American allies to be slaughtered by the Taliban and millions of women to be stuffed back into bags and back into basements so they can't go to school. And that left Americans behind, hundreds of Americans behind, and they got 13 American service people killed. That was a triumph according to Joe Biden and his State Department team and Kamala Harris too. Meanwhile, if you have a nation like Israel that is fighting to victory in Gaza, that's bad. And what Israel should do is they should stop before they get to victory because again, the best form of foreign policy is where you lose very, very slowly and what the least amount of cost to you.


But the worst foreign policy is where you win. And this has been, again, it's not unique to Joe Biden or Kamala Harris. Unfortunately, this has been part and parcel of American foreign policy strategy on the left for decades. It's why America really has not won a full scale victorious war since World War ii. It's been a long time in America since we won a full scale victorious war because we're always fighting test stasis. We're always looking for a way out. And so that is why you treat something that really should be treated as sort of an inevitable tragedy, as a triumph. It is. It is in fact a tragedy to trade murderers for American citizens specifically because what you're doing is you are now incentivizing Vladimir Putin to take more American hostage.


We know this because again, in other countries that have been stupid enough to do this, namely Israel, this has been the predicate to more hostages being taken. The reason that Kamas took 250 hostages and then just kill everybody on October 7th is because they knew that they would get thousands of people who are murderers and terrorists released from prison in exchange for innocence. And they knew that because years ago Israel made a hostage deal for a person named Gila Shali. He was captured in 2006 by terrorists and a cross tunnel border raid. And he was held captive for over five years, for over five. And Israel ended up trading 1000 terrorists, including Yasir, who's the current military head of Hamas for Gid Shali.


And this was treated as like a big win. And it turns out he wasn just the predicate to more hostage taking and war. The West has been sucked into the MA of never winning victories and treating what are by any standard of the imagination, losses as victories. Folks, it's not a diplomatic win. When you trade terrorists, spies, murderers in favor of innocent Americans, that's a diplomatic loss.


But you know what else is a loss when you give your data to big tech? Because the fact is that they are out to censor and silence your voice and then make money off of you. One of the ways I fight back is by using my trusted privacy partner Express VPN. You should do the same. See, the problem with big tech companies is not only do they censor what you see, they also track what you do online. They track what you're searching for, the videos you watch, everything you click. They use that data to serve you ads that can match your activity to your true identity using your device's unique IP address. When you use Express VPN, these tech companies can't see your IP address at all. Your identity is masked and anonymized by a secure VPN server that encrypts your data. I love Express VPN because it's so easy to use. It works on all my devices. More importantly, I love Express VPN because I care about free speech. What better way is there to defend my right to free speech than by taking away tech company's free license to monetize my valuable personal data? It's time to say no to censorship. Take back your privacy@expressivevpn.com slash ben by visiting my special link. You'll get an extra three months of expressive VPN service for free. Again, that's EXPR ess vpn.com/ben expressive vpn.com/ben to protect your data today.


Again, it's a good two things can be true at once. It is a very good thing that Americans are coming home. And also it is a diplomatic loss when you have to trade murderers for innocence. That's not a diplomatic win in any sense, but that is how it is being treated. So the Biden Harris administration, this is how they treated it. Kovich came off the plane yesterday and Joe Biden was there to meet it. of course. Now Joe Biden is the same person who in a debate a month ago, was saying that no Americans had died in Afghanistan. He's perfectly willing to ignore the families of dead American soldiers. Well, he is meeting with trans influencers at the White House, but he's definitely gonna be there on the tarmac when Evan Kovich gets back. And so is Kamala Harris to present a happy face of diplomacy. Here's what it looked like.


Now again, Kovich is heroic. He was there and there is giving a big hug to Kamala Harris Getting a hug from the vice president whose role in this was absolutely minimal. And, and President Biden giving a hug to the old man who doesn't even know where he is at this point. I mean, he's just standing there. He has no clue where he is. Kovich, by the way, is heroic. Apparently he had to fill out a form in which he asked clemency from Putin or something as, as sort of a precondition to being released. And on the form he asked Putin for an interview 'cause he's a journalist, which is relatively badass for sure. With that said, the way the Biden administration is treating, this is a massive feat of diplomacy. Oh, diplomacy, magical diplomacy. Now here is the thing.


Diplomacy is a tactic. It is not a strategy. One thing that the foreign policy establishment are con constantly doing is they are suggesting that diplomacy is in and of itself a strategy. That talking is a strategy. You know, talking is a means to gain an end. Sometimes that means it's useful, sometimes that means it's not. When you treat diplomacy as itself, the strategy, it doesn't matter what the end is, it's just talking is is what it's all about. What you end up with is bad deals in losing wars, which is kind of the name of the game when it comes to Joe Biden. So here was President Biden saying this was a feat of diplomacy and friendship. Ah, what a, what a masterful diplomat he is. The deal that made this possible was a feet of diplomacy and friendship.


Friendship. Multiple countries helped get this done. They joined a difficult complex negotiations at my request, and I personally thanked them all again. And I thanked them personally and I thanked them again. So President Trump, for his part, criticized the deal because he suggested that it's an embarrassment to give up terrorists in favor of Americans. Now, to be realistic, Donald Trump did make deals when his President of the United States to get Americans back, and we had to trade some bad people for those Americans. So that happens to be true. It also happens to be true that these deals are never a triumph. They are not by nature. And all they do is again, incentivize the world's worst actors to take Americans like I of Vladimir Putin today, seeing what he just, he's now scored multiple victories on these sorts of deals.


We got back Britney Grinder. We had to give up the merchant of death for Britney Griner, for example, if I ever Vladimir Putin today, I'd think very seriously about simply arresting a hundred Americans on false charges in in Russia. And then immediately saying that the only way that he would stop that is if the United States and its allies stop their support for Ukraine in the war. Like why not? Obviously, diplomacy is the answer, is it not? Donald Trump put out a statement. He said, when are they gonna release the details of the prisoner swap with Russia? How many people do we get versus them? Are we also paying them cash? Are they giving us cash? Please withdraw that question. I'm sure the answer is no. Are we releasing murderers, killers, or thugs? Just curious because we never make good deals in anything, but especially hostage swaps. Our negotiators are always an embarrassment to us.


I got back many hostages and gave the opposing country nothing and never any cash. To do so is bad precedent for the future. That's the way it should be or the situation will get worse and worse. They're extorting the United States of America. They're calling the trade complex. That's so nobody can figure out how bad it is. And there's a lot of truth embedded in that. And these deals are always bad, which is why frankly Americans enemies should be so intimidated by us that they don't just take Americans prisoner. Right now, there are five Americans being held by Hamas in terror tunnels in Gaza, and the Biden administration is busily telling Israel not to kill Hamas leaders. Again, this is how, this is what Joe Biden treats as a triumph that that that is literally what he said. I mean, he was on the tarmac yesterday and he was asked about Israel killing Ismail Khania, who is the political leader and one of the masterminds behind October 7th, one of the leaders of Hamas.


And he was killed in Iran earlier this week. And Joe Biden said it wasn't helpful to hostage negotiations. Again, this shows the prioritization. He's standing right next to Kamala Harris, who of course has nothing to say. I'm very concerned about it. I had a very direct meeting with Prime Minister today and very direct. We got, we have the basis for a ceasefire. He should move on and they should move on it Now That chance for cease, pardon? The chance for a ceasefire ruined after the assassination of ha. At least not helped.


Okay, so the question asked was, are the chances of a ceasefire ruined after Kya was assassinated? He said, it's not helpful. You know, how many offers have been put on the table to Hamas to release the hostages? Also, what Biden should say there is Israel's gonna keep killing the heads of Hamas until they release the hostages or agree to a ceasefire. That's gonna be, I mean, that's what an al that's what, not just what an ally would do, that's what the United States should do in the middle of a terror war, for example. But what the left considers to be a victory is just losing slowly with a minimum of possible cost. That is what the left considers to be victory. That is what it is Min now. So after Donald Trump criticized Joe Biden, Joe Biden was then asked about that, and he sort of slammed Trump with a pithy but stupid one liner.


President Trump has said repeatedly that he could have gotten the hostages out without giving anything in exchange. What do you say to that? What do you say to President Trump now, former president. Why didn't he do, he's president, Sir, why didn't you say? Well, I mean, why didn't he do what when he was president, most of these people were taking hostage while you were president, sir, I mean that, that's, that didn't stop the media from celebrating this. Dana Bash said, this is a mic drop moment and that this sort of stupid political coverage is really quite ridiculous. I think that was what they call a mic drop moment at the end there. Why didn't you do it when he was president? What a historic moment.


Watching and listening President Biden now trying to finish out his one and only term and doing so with a, a tremendous, tremendous victory for these families. Tremendous victory, tremendous victory. I'm sorry, it's not a victory. It may be an inevitability, it may be something you had to do. I'm not arguing that it is not a victory. The characterization, again, of America's enemies, taking innocent people hostage, which is what happened with Evan Kovich and getting in return murderers and spies. That is not a victory. But this is how much of the west perceives victory.


It is America's aggressive enemies winning exchanges, and then us being like, well, we did get our people back. Well, I mean, that is the real, isn't that the important thing? It is an important thing. It is not the important thing in a foreign conflict. Jake Sullivan. The, the way that they're playing this up is really kind of astonishing. True, truly like the, the actual way that you should handle these things is that the hostages should quietly go home. That's how they should be handled.


Well, the West is asleep at the switch, but you should not be, which is why you need black rifle coffee. See, I've been relying very heavily on Black Rifle coffee this past month because my goodness, the news is insane. It's the only way to wake up each morning feeling dialed in, ready to make the most of the day. Now is your chance to get 20% off your purchase with code Daily Wire at black rifle coffee.com. Black rifle coffee's explosive coffees are roasted right here in the United States by a veteran led team of expert roasters who take pride in serving coffee and culture to people who love America. Every purchase you make helps them further their mission to support Veteran and first responder causes everything from getting funding and equipment to first responders to helping veterans get medical care. Black Rifle Coffee has a huge selection of dark roast, light roast everything in between. Take the coffee quiz on their website, get matched with a blend perfectly tailored to your specific taste. Again, a portion of every purchase you make with Black Rifle Coffee goes towards supporting veteran and first responder causes. Your money goes a long way toward giving back to those who serve our nation. Head on over to black rifle coffee.com right now. Use code Daily Wire for 20% off America's coffee. That's black rifle coffee.com code Daily Wire, again, black rifle coffee.com code Daily Wire. Use code Daily Wire for 20% off America's coffee.


It is not a masterpiece of American foreign policy strength that you had to trade murderers for people who are illegitimately arrested in the first place. Here's Jake Sullivan doing, showing, showing his emotion From the president on down. We've stayed in regular and routine touch with them. I spent a lot of time with the families of Evan and Paul and Sue, and most of the time, as you can imagine, those are tough conversations. But not today. Today. Excuse me. Whew. Today was a very good day. Well, he, he well, wow.


So much, so much emotion. So, so much, so much. Meanwhile, John Kirby, national security spokesperson, he, he was asked about the point that I'm making, which is, when you trade terrorists and murderers for innocent people, aren't you incentivizing your opponents to take hostages? And he's like, no, no, no, we, no. What are you crazy? No, that's it. No. Here's John Kirby. How do you Do something like this achieve this kind of success, and at the same time not incentivize states to engage in this, this taking of people and convicting them and putting them in jail or or holding them. Yeah. Look, I think it's an open question that, that that precept is actually true.


That that negotiating a deal like this just encourages more hostage taking. The truth is we haven't seen data that actually confirms that that's the case. I mean, even when you're not negotiating deals, bad actors like Russia, bad actors like Iran are still taking hostages. That that's ridiculous. If the United States was not constantly negotiating and instead they were basically saying, listen, you take an American hostage and you will not be alive tomorrow. If that were the actual policy of the United States, there would be a lot fewer hostages being taken all around the world. But that is not the policy of the United States. The policy of the United States and the rest of the West is nicety. It is nicety and it is not victory.


And even the Washington Post knows that that's bull crap what John Kirby is saying right there. According to the Washington Post, Putin's arrest tactics pay off as Russia brings home its own even a killer. Well, yeah, obviously Lair Putin on Thursday secured the release of spies, hackers and his most coveted Russian prisoner in the West and assassin linked to intelligence services convicted of murder in Germany. For the authoritarian Russian leader, he wasn the biggest victory, yet stemming from his willingness to violate global norms to extract what he wants from Western leaders. That's correct. of course, Putin hinted at his determination to win the freedom of the assassin by demon krasikov during an interview in February with Tucker Carlson calling Krasikov patriotic without actually naming him and indicating he was open to a prisoner exchange involving American journalist Evan Kovich, whom Russia accused of espionage.


Apparently Western responses were of timate either to preserve diplomatic and business ties to avoid escalation or to address domestic political imperatives. Those responses only emboldened Putin according to analysts. Well, yep. Well, yes, the weakness of the Biden administration, the weakness of the left when it comes to foreign policy on these things has real consequences. Losing slowly is in fact the strategy of the left, which presumably is why the United States under Joe Biden just cut another disgusting deal this time without even any leverage. They cut a deal with the Mastermind of nine 11 colleague Sheikh Mohammed, according to the Office of Military Commissions, which is prosecuting the case against KSM, they entered into pretrial agreements with Mohammed and two alleged co-conspirators while lead Moham Sali Mubarak bin and Mustafa Ahmed, Adam Ali, all of whom have been held at Gimo since 2003, they will now be spared the death penalty under a deal with prosecutors.


Why? The answer is because Joe Biden wants to close Gitmo and all that matters is surrendering slowly. That's all that matters because Gimo appears to be mean and bad and you wouldn't wanna hold prisoners at Gimo. That's been a big left wing talking point since the mid two thousands. Oh my God. How could we, how dare we put terrorists who murdered Americans in an island prison? Oh no. That, oh, that's, oh, we should probably spare them the death penalty. A letter signed by rear Admiral Aaron Rouge, chief prosecutor for the OMC said, in exchange for removal of the death penalty is a possible punishment. The three accused have agreed to plead guilty to all of the charged defenses, including the murder of 3000 people listed in the charge sheet. I mean that, that's insane.


So of course all the victims families like, wait, hold up. You don't get the death penalty for killing 3000 Americans. What do you get the death penalty for around here? Judea Pearl, who's the father of Daniel Pearl? Daniel Pearl of course, was the Wall Street Journal journalist who was beheaded by Khalid Shik Mohammed and his team. He says, of course we weren't consulted before they decided to kick the charges before they decided to, to get the death penalty off of these people. of course not. Why are they doing this? Because the only priority is appearing to end conflicts, and it doesn't matter if you lose, losing is fine. Here's Kareem Jean-Pierre saying, Joe Biden still plans to close Gitmo before he leaves. Does the president still plan to close a Guantanamo Bay prison before he leaves office?


And is there a realistic pathway to do that in the next six months? That's still something that the president wants to do and get done as far as a timeline. Don't have anything for you here, but obviously this is something that he wanted to be done in under his administration. Just don't have anything else to, to read out or preview at this time, but it is something that he's determined to get done. Again, that's the priority. That's the priority, surrender above victory always and forever. Meanwhile, the Kamala Harris running away from questions train continues to chug on. As I mentioned before, we are now on day 13 of Kamala Harris, the presidential nominee for the Democratic Party anointed without a single vote in the primaries, she has not been asked a single question by the press zero z Rowe, none, no adversarial questions for Kamala Harris.


You wonder why. Maybe it's 'cause she sucks at this. Kamala is terrible at her job, but Democrats were smart enough to jettison the old model in favor of the new model. You should probably do the same with your car.


If you've got a car that's just sitting in your driveway taking up space, you should consider donating it to Cars for kids. They make donating your car really easy. You hardly need to be involved at all. Give 'em a call or better yet, donate your car@carsforkids.org slash ben. That's cars with a K. All it takes is two minutes to put in your information. They'll schedule a pickup for a time that works for you as soon as the next day you'll Get a vacation voucher plus a tax deduction. You've done this over a million times, you can trust your in good hands with cars for kids. Call now one eight seven, seven Cars for kids, KARS Cars for Kids or donate online@carsforkids.org slash ben. Donate your car today again, if you've got just a rusting junky old model out on the curb and your wife or your husband keeps bugging you, what are we doing with that car? Why is that out there? Why not Get a vacation voucher tax deduction and do something good for kids with cars for kids? Give them a call right now. One eight seven, seven cars for kids, KARS Cars for Kids or donate online@carsforkids.org slash ben. That's cars for kids.org/ben to get started right now.


So she got off teleprompter for a hot second during this meeting on the tarmac. So first we should point out that she was, she was there to just hug the people coming off the plane despite really having nothing to do with anything because she has to be there for the now she's gonna put that in her campaign ads. That's the important thing is that she got a campaign ad outta this. She was asked about the magic of diplomacy and she has moved beyond, I think word salad and we are now onto full scale word slaw. She's got some mayo in there, she's whipping it up with the cabbage and now she's got some nice word slaw going on. Here we go. This is just an extraordinary testament to the importance of having a president who understands the power of diplomacy and understands the strength that rests in understanding significance of diplomacy and strengthening alliances.


It's, this is an incredible day. What the, is she talking about? Like, seriously, what is she talking about right there? I it it that, that, that sentence is so circular that actually it's become three dimensional and it's, it's spherical. It's a spherical question. Lemme just read that to you slowly so we can try and chart out. Let's, let's try a sentence diagram this one. You ready? This is just an extraordinary testament to the importance of having a president who understands the power of diplomacy and understands the strength that rests in understanding the significance of diplomacy. So there are a few key words that she rest upon, like, like a fifth grader who didn't read the book, she read like the first five pages of the book, and now she has to come up with an, an God.


She's so bad at this. How is she possibly as bad at this? Truly, you wonder why she, she's on teleprompter all the time. This is why she's on teleprompter all the time. There are a few things she likes. She likes power and she likes significance and understanding. Those are the three. She, she tends to rest in that the power of the significance, of the understanding of the passage of time. Wow, God, she's awful at this. Get that, get her back on teleprompter stat. So that's what they did. She showed up on the tarmac before she gets on the plane and she shows up with a binder, she reads from the binder and then she gets on the plane and no one asks her a question. No one expects that she's gonna be answering a question. It's truly amazing, like the press are so in the tank for her that they are just like, oh, slay, queen, slay.


So here she was, she finishes her statement and boom, she's off to the races, she's gone just like Joe Biden for years. No, no questions. Zero. Thank you all. Vice president, will you be meeting Evan? Bye. And Paul, when they return, Great question. Great question. Will you be meeting them? And there she goes. And then she's, and she's up the stairs. At least she can climb stairs. Unlike our current president of the United States, she doesn't seem to have trouble with stairs. She does have problems like the current presidents of the United States with words and sentences. However, the reason she's running for the hills obviously is because she doesn't wanna answer any questions about anything she has ever said, ever. So a clip has now emerged from way back in her California days where she was telling people that they should no longer say Merry Christmas because illegal immigrants are suffering.


She is a radical. We all know that she is a radical, which is why the Trump campaign should focus in on the fact that she's a radical and make her answer questions, force her to answer questions. Donald Trump has a giant spotlight. He needs to direct that giant spotlight at Kamala Harris and the fact that she is totally inconsistent, that she is an absolute liar, that she's flipped every position via surrogate in press statements for the last two weeks. This is the real Kamala Harris And when we all sing happy tombs and sing Merry Christmas and wish each other Merry Christmas, these children are not gonna have a Merry Christmas. How dare we speak? Merry Christmas. How dare we?


How dare we say mer? She's actually the Grinch. Well folks, as we know, you can't say Merry Christmas if they're illegal immigrants somewhere, somewhere that are suffering Christmas must be stopped. Grinch at Kamala Harris stopping Christmas for everyone.


But you know what you can't do? You can't stop your life just because you have mail descend. That'd be a dumb thing to do. Instead, free up the time consumed by tedious mail and shipping tasks with stamps.com. stamps.com streamlines your postage needs, making your business more efficient, putting more life into your work-life balance. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with the stamps.com mobile app, all you need is a computer and printer. They'll even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard automatically see your cheapest and fastest shipping options from different carriers. Put more life into your work-life balance with stamps.com. Sign up today at stamps.com/shapiro for a special offer that includes four week trial plus free postage free digital scale. No long-term commitments, no contracts. Just go to stamps.com/shapiro. Again, we here at The Daily Wire, we've been using stamps.com for pretty much a decade at this point because we can't afford to have our employees taking up their time waiting in line at the post office. Just, it's a dumb thing to do. Instead, head on over to stamps.com/shapiro. Do the same thing we do. stamps.com/shapiro, get that special offer including four week trial free, postage free digital skill, no long-term commitments or contract stamps.com/shapiro at stamps.com/shapiro.


Like the actual Grinch, she's coming down the chimney and she's gonna steal presence or something. It's wild. Will she ask a question about that? I don't think so. of course not. of course not now. Again, the goal of the Harris campaign is try out celebrities and have her do speeches from teleprompter that and, and if they can make that go for like 95 days, then they win the election. So that is their plan. Michelle Obama has now cut a get out the vote video replete with entertainment celebrities and dudes doing makeup. So it's, it's just solid. Hello? Hello? Hey, it's Michelle. Hey Ms. Obama. Are you voting this year? Yeah, absolutely. of course I am.


I'm a hundred percent yes. Obvious for you. You already know. Now it's your turn to answer the call. We are just 100 days away from the general election, from our local elected officials to ballot measures on reproductive rights, the environment and our economy. Our future is on the ballot. So are you voting this year? Are you voting this year? Are you voting this year? Are you voting this year? Join me. Join me. Join us. Join us by getting registered and ready to vote with when we all vote today. Now, I may be mildly out of touch because I only know about half of those celebrities. I mean, I'm not a member of the TikTok generation, but apparently some of those celebrities included Shonda Rhimes, the, the Hollywood producer and singer, Rayna Roberts, Kerry Washington, and of course San Antonio Spurs, point guard, Chris Paul, who they, they can only hope that, that this campaign doesn't blow up in the late stages in the, in the way that Chris Paul's teams always do in the late stages of the playoffs.


In any case, Kamala Harris, she was on the campaign trail yesterday and by on the campaign trail, I mean she was reading from the teleprompter to a chorus of za from people who already like her. She was in Houston and she accidentally called herself the president of the United States. And the crowd was like, yes, yes, but don't worry guys. They love Joe Biden and they want him to remain As the United States Senator. I was proud to co-sponsor and then as president as vice president, he wasn my honor with the president. With the president And then of course lie about her opponent. So she suggests that Donald Trump is gonna pass a nationwide abortion ban, which is weird because Donald Trump literally removed all the abortion planks from the RNC platform.


I highly doubt it. And now he intends to pass a nationwide abortion ban to ban access to fundamental healthcare in every state. That's, that's what's gonna happen. That's so she's gotta lie about all of that. She has to lie and, and then the other thing she has to do, of course, is she has to pose to moderate. So she is supposed to pick her vice president over the weekend. The widespread speculation is that the vice presidential candidate will probably be Josh Shapiro from Pennsylvania. Again, that would be her smartest pick because he has like a 61% approval rating in a swing state. He also has in the past sporadically been in favor of school vouchers before running away from that. He has taken an anti Hamas protestors position.


He, he's been as moderate as Democrats get in this day and age, let's put it that way. It doesn't mean he's not for the transing of the children, he's still for the trancing of the children. But it does mean that for Democrats, he is a moderate, which is also why some of the Democratic base is upset with Kamala Harris possibly picking him. According to Politico, several top contenders have met in recent days with Harris' vetting Team Aids. Insists they're trying to tune out a lot of public hype around the contenders. There are people familiar with the process and they say she has yet to truly whittle down the final list and may meet with several individuals before deciding. But apparently she's going to announce who the candidate is. Tuesday in Philadelphia. Philadelphia happens to be in Pennsylvania. It would be a big shock at this point if it were anybody.


But Josh Shapiro Vetting team has already met with Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania, Tim Walls of Minnesota, who'd be a terrible peg. Andy Beshear of Kentucky, who seems in also ran Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona, who's got some baggage. Apparently her primary consideration is not who can excite the base. The question is how do you get to 270 electoral votes? Is that impacted by the choice that you make? David Axelrod says the Democratic base is very enthusiastic about Kamala Harris. I don't think that's gonna change. She has a chance now through this VP choice to broaden her base and send a message to the rest of the electorate that's open to her. And that's rare. So again, I think that it is very likely that it's Josh Shapiro that would in fact be the smartest pick so far this two weeks. You gotta hand it to him. I mean, the Kamala Harris campaign is running a smart campaign.


The smartest campaign is keep her away from the cameras, at least when it comes to people asking her difficult questions. That is the smart campaign. It's ugly and it's terrible for American politics. And it's pathetic that journalists are performing colonoscopies on Kamala Harris with their heads. But is it smart campaigning? Yeah, I mean, you gotta hand it to 'em that it's smart campaigning. It is a bit of a risk for her to pick Josh Shapiro because of course there are a lot of people inside the Democratic Party who ain't fond of the Jews. Nina Turner, who happens to be one of these. Now she's enraged at the possibility of Josh Shapiro. Over on Chris Cuomo's show. He labeled peaceful college protestors. He compared them to KKK.


That's wrong, Chris. I know to you. Yeah, he would argue. And others, I am against the radical fringe of my party on the left. KK Lynch. I'm a moderate. Come on now, Chris, we, we gotta stop playing games with these people. Now, you might not have liked the college protestors, but comparing any college protestors to the, the mayhem and the destruction and the death that was caused by the KKK too much. Really too much. It's too much. It's too much. Okay, so we'll see. Will there be enough members of the Pro Kama Caucus to push Kamala Harris off Josh Shapiro? If so, that'll be an excellent indicator as to her number one, lack of political skill because she could have aa soldier moment where she actually says to the pro Kama people, okay guys, we don't need you.


We don't need you. And that would actually be a smart move. 'cause it turns out mostly the electorate doesn't like that. She could appear moderate or she could double down on stupid. So it'll be fascinating to see who she picks. Meanwhile, the Trump campaign seems to be finally, finally finding its footing against Kamala Harris. And that's led by the Vice Presidential candidate, JD Vans, who had an appearance yesterday. That was quite excellent. We'll get to that in just one moment. First the left is playing musical chairs with the White House. You need to know the rules of the game. In our latest episodes of fact, I'm breaking down the 25th Amendment, the constitutional fail safe that could reshape our government. So Biden is out as the 2024 candidate, and Kamala is circling the actual presidency like vulture. Understanding the 25th is more crucial than ever. What happens if Joe Biden resigns? Would it be President Jill? And I'll tell you exactly what happens if Joe Biden ends up getting really, really sick, or if he ends up dying, God forbid, or if he just goes totally senile and Kamala Harris decides to oust the old man.


We're giving you this crucial information for free thanks to our members. If you're not a member yet, join the fight right now. Save 25% on annual Daily Wire plus memberships with code FACTS. Watch facts, the 25th Amendment for free Now over at Daily Wire Plus, meanwhile, the Trump campaign seems to finally, after two weeks, be finding its footing. So the attacks on Kamala Harris as to whether she is black or Indian, those are not the right attacks. The attacks on Kamala Harris about whether she passed the bar exam in 1990, those are not the right attacks. The right attack is very simple. Kamala Harris and her party are radical. They are weird. They say dumb crap all the time. Their positions are bad for America. Those are the right attacks. And we are starting to see the Trump campaign finally after I think a little bit too long, find its footing and starting to label Kamala Harris, which is what they need to do.


So yesterday Donald Trump was asked about all of the weird attacks. We talked about this last week, about the fact that the, the Democrats have spent the last two weeks suggesting that JD Vance and Donald Trump are weird. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris gallivanting around with RuPaul's Drag Racing Company. So here is Donald Trump commenting on that. They're the weird ones. And if you've ever seen her with a laugh and everything else, that's a weird deal going on there. She, they're the weird ones. Nobody's ever called me weird. I'm a lot of things but weird. I'm not. And I'm upfront and he's not either. I will tell you, JD is not at all. They are. I mean, who wants to have open borders? Where prisoners, that's weird. Where prisoners and where mental institution patients are taken outta hospitals and jails and they're led into our country.


That's weird. Who would want that policy? Who wants the men and women's sports policy? Who wants to quadruple your taxes? The whole thing is weird. Yes, yes. And more. Yes. This over and over and over and over and over. JD Vance was put on the ticket because obviously he's a good defender of Trump. He is an attack dog. Again, I think there are, there are drawbacks to JD Vance as a pick. But the big upsides to JD Vance, that dude is smart. So jd, I mean, I've interviewed him before, obviously went to Yale Law School. He's a smart guy. And JD in a debate is going to just savage, whomever the Democrats put up before him. So JD Vance was asked by the media about Donald Trump's comments about Kamala Harris and her Indian heritage versus being African American and all this kind of stuff.


And here was J D's quite smart answer. Did those comments give you pause at all? They don't give me pause at all. Look, all he said that is that Kamala Harris is a chameleon. She goes to Georgia two days ago. She was raised in Canada. She puts on a fake southern accent. She is everything to everybody. And she prints tends to be somebody different depending on which audience she's in front of. I think it's totally reasonable for the president to call that out. And that's all he did. I mean, look, she's running as a tough on crime prosecutor, even though she implemented open border policy. She's saying that she wants to support the police, yet she wanted to defund the police just three years ago. It's totally reasonable to call out the fact that she pretends to be somebody different depending on the audience. She's talking to This, this and more of this.


And another one of the j d's events yesterday, he suggested that Kamala Harris kept the border open, which of course she did. He's down at the southern border right now. Kamala Harris is out taking photo op pictures based on diplomatic deals. She had nothing to do with, and JD Vance was down at the border, a place that Kamala Harris famously did not visit when she was the non-board czar or something. Here's JD Vance. Yesterday. Kamala Harris came into office making promises, and she kept those promises to open the American southern border. They stopped deportations on day one. They stopped construction of the border wall on day one. We see the border wall sitting here ready to be completed behind us. And that can't happen because of Kamala Harris' administration.


Vance continued. He said the border patrol agents are furious, which is absolutely true. I know the border patrol agents, Have we ever had an American border policy that is so at odds with the people who are actually doing it. You talk to these border patrol agents and they are enraged that the Harris administration won't let them do their job. They just wanna keep people safe. They need a president who lets them do that. He is, he's right about all of this. And again, on the merits, if this campaign comes down to the merits, Kamala Harris will lose. She will. She's very, very weak. I mean, Kamala Harris is just her, her levels of projection are insane. So Kamala Harris campaign event last night, she suggests that Donald Trump is gonna weaponize the DOJ.


This is just insane. It's such insane projection that her administration is currently right now weaponizing the DOJ against her political opponents. But she's accusing Trump of this sort of stuff. She is, I've said this before, she's an eggshell skull candidate. Like you tap, you tap the, the eggshell skull of the Kamala Harris campaign, and that thing collapses like an neg here, here she was yesterday. Recall, Donald Trump has openly vowed, if reelected to be a dictator on day one, that he will weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. That he will round up peaceful protestors and throw them out of our country.


God, God. And even quote, terminate the United States Constitution Institution. Just, just, she. She's ridiculous. She's ridiculous. By the way the Democrats know, she's ridiculous too. This is the thing. It's, it's all a lie. It's all mythmaking. It's all them attempting to spin draws into gold. It's really, it's, it's really amazing. The Democrats put out a, a tweet yesterday that really is an amazing tweet. I I kind of love it. This tweet is a tweet of Republican praise for Kamala Harris. Here are the quotes. They said these, these quotes speak for themselves according to the Democratic Party. What are the quotes? It's from Senator James Langford of Oklahoma. We obviously disagreed, but she's personable.


Senator Lindsey Graham, I always found her pleasant to deal with Senator Mike Rounds. We work together well. We still say hello to each other. Senator Marco Rubio. I don't remember any problems with her on the committee. Senator MIT Romney. Very personable and knowledgeable. Okay, you know what those quotes are? Those quotes are the have a great summer in the yearbook quotes, right? You barely know somebody in high school. You don't really like the guy. And then the guy comes up to you and he wants you to write something in the yearbook and you're like, have a great summer. This is the have a great summer yearbook quote that Democrats are now trotting out. They're like, they did. We're friends now We're friends. She's really bipartisan. She's really a moderate. So he, Senator Mike Rounds said that we say hello to each other.


Good job, guys. It, it, it's, it's going amazing. You guys are great at this. You're so great in, in my own personal case, it's very reminiscent of when somebody wants me to endorse a book. I don't feel like reading the book or I think the book, the book is bad. And so what I write on the back cover or something just to be a, just as a favor is like, this person is very nice and writes something absolutely odine. This is ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. And meanwhile, you know what's not ridiculous is the current situation of the economy. So all of the underlying fundamentals have been ignored for the last two weeks because there's been so much drama about Joe Biden dropping outta the race and Kamala Harris replacing him and all this kind of crap. Well, it turns out that US hiring is significantly slowing because the inflation had to be brought under control. The Federal Reserve had to increase those interest rates and now it's starting to be felt in the job markets.


So in July, only 114,000 jobs were added. The unemployment rose rate rose to 4.3%. That's the highest level since October of 2021. They also revised down job growth over the past month. That has now happened with 10 of the last 14 jobs. Reports that you'll Get a top line number and the media will be like, yeah, amazing. Then a month later, you'll get the actual number and he wasn lower than what the media originally reported. When in 10 or 14 months you end up revising lower. That starts to look like a purposeful trend like falsification of data, not like just mistakes. Wages rose by 0.2% in July compared with the previous month and 3.6% from a year earlier. Wage growth has been moderating for more than two years.


The Federal Reserve held the benchmark interest rate steady at 5.3%. But Jerome Powell said a rate cut could be on the table at the next gathering in September. Meanwhile, Intel is cutting jobs and suspending dividends. Meanwhile, Apple's iPhone sales have slid, so their revenue fell for a second consecutive quarter. Meanwhile, Amazon shares slid yesterday as spending surged and revenue outlook disappoints according to the Wall Street Journal. So all of America's big companies are getting hit. The stock market is taking it on the chin. The Dow closed nearly 500 points lower on Thursday as investors started to fear actual recession. Some fresh data, according to CNBC, stoked fears over a possible recession.


And the notion the Federal Reserve could be too late in starting to cut interest rates, initial jobless claims that rose the most into August of 2023, Chris Ruki, chief economist at Forward Bonds added that Thursday's data hinted in economic downturn amid the volatility. He said the stock market doesn't know whether to laugh or cry because while three fed rate cuts may be coming this year and 10 year bond rates, bond yields are falling below 4%, the winds of recession are coming in hard. So unpleasant economies tend not to work out particularly well for the incumbent party and the economy remains unpleasant under Joe Biden and Company. Well, meanwhile, the United States made another show of diplomatic weakness. They have now suggested that Edmundo Gonzalez Illa is the legitimate winner of the Venezuelan presidential election.


Well, you know, happiness and joy all around. of course that's true. So what you gonna do about it? Considering you relieved sanctions on Nicholas Maduro last year in order to free up elections and then that gigantically failed. The real reason, by the way that they freed up these sanctions on Venezuela was to lower the oil prices just in time for the 2024 election because this administration is perfectly willing to manipulate Americans and global economies for their own peculiar political benefit. So the statement by US Secretary of State, Anthony Blinken, has given the overwhelming evidence, it is clear to the United States and most importantly to the Venezuelan people that had Mundo Gonzalez. Tia won the most votes in Venezuela's July 28th presidential election.


And that's pretty much all it says, quote. Now is the time for the Venezuelan parties to begin discussions on a respectful, peaceful transition in accordance with Venezuelan electoral law and the wishes of the Venezuelan people. We fully support the process of reestablishing democratic norms in Venezuela and send ready to consider ways to bolster it jointly with our international partners. Some strong verbiage there from the State Department. Maybe they can find a way for Nicholas Maduro to take some American hostages so we can give them back some spies or something. And that that seems to be the way we do foreign policy in this country. Now Alrightyy folks coming up, we'll be joined by Cassie Akiva has a brand new documentary with The Daily Wire. It's titled Mexico's Door, the Center of America's Border Fight. If you're not a member, become member use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans.


Click the link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Take those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Ain't gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, Yes, this country is a piece of Shit.


White folks, white trash, white Supremacy. White woman, white Boy. Is there a black person around black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful, never too careful. In 13, We'll get to more on this in just one moment.


First, new estimates show that more than a million babies were killed by abortion in 2023. The highest number of abortions since 2012. Despite the overturning of Roe versus Wade, this has actually only made the abortion pill more readily available when they shout abortion. We shout life. We have to fight back against this evil. But how exactly do we do that? Well, we do it by joining hands with pre-born, the largest pro-life organization in the country that sponsors ultrasounds for clinics in the highest abortion areas. When a mom considering abortion meets her baby on ultrasound, here's the heartbeat. It changes her life and doubles the babies chance at life as well. Every day pre-born rescues, 200 babies lives. That's a true miracle. By the time I finish this ad, however, two babies will have been taken by the tragedy that is abortion. One ultrasound costs only 28 bucks. It could be the difference between life and death. Please join the fight by sponsoring 1 2, 300 ultrasounds. All gifts are tax deductible. Go to pre-born dot com slash ben to donate today. That's pre-born dot com slash ben. It's the most important thing you'll do all day. Dial pound two 50. Say keyword baby. Pound two 50, baby.