
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with stupid hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel Blue Swift Defy expectations enjoy our quality responsibly


Well folks, despite what the media are saying right now, Kamala Harris is not only not running away with the presidential race, this race is effectively a dead heat. Nothing has changed since that sparkling Democratic national convention. I'll give you the poll stats in just one moment. First, your reminder, you can get 35% off a new Daily Wire plus membership with Code Fight at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. You'll get uncensored unfiltered ad free shows, realtime breaking news alerts and more. But most importantly, you'll get the truth. The legacy media don't want you to hear like for example, the truth that this is in fact a dead heat.


Take a look at the headline on this Yahoo News u gov poll. Okay, it's out today. Brand new poll. Here is the headline, A huge surge in democratic optimism, but no big bounces for Harris after the DNC. Wait. Who cares whether Democrats are enthusiastic? The question is, who's winning the race right now? And the very counterintuitive result here is that Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are locked in a statistical tie. But listen to how Yahoo plays this quote. In the wake of last week's Democratic National Convention, Americans now think Vice President Kamala Harris has a better chance of winning the November election, 39% than former President Donald Trump, 36%. Now, who cares about that?


They say that's a dizzying turnaround from last month when President Biden was trailing Trump 53, 30, 53 20 rather on the same question, a 33 percentage point gap. But that like that is such a, that is such a low level question. Who do you think is going to win matters significantly less than for whom will you vote in this poll? Kamala Harris leads Donald Trump by one point in a head-to-head matchup among registered voters. One point, the margin of error here is three points, which means this is a dead heat. It is a dead heat. Not only that, the previous Yahoo News u gov poll found Harrison Trump tied at 46% a peace, which means she got no bounce from the DNC. Remember, the DNC was the most important thing that has ever happened on this planet.


It was beautifully staged. They trotted out Barack and Michelle Obama. They came down from on high, descended upon the people and brought forth their halo presences. In order to demonstrate just how magical Kamala Harris was. We met the ghost of Joe Biden at that DNC. We brought forth the Moldering corpse of Bill Clinton prostate no longer working in. So he's now desiccating into ruin. And of course, we saw Tim Walls with his weird sitcom, dad, happy, goofy, communist energy. And we saw Kamala Harris who spoke off a teleprompter, and that was supposed to be a magical moment for the Democrats. And here is the eyes of their convention bounds. Zero does not exist.


Why isn't that the news? Why isn't the news that this thing is a dead heat? And the answer is, the media want you to believe this race is over. They want you to believe this race is over. The reality is Kamala Harris remains unpopular today after some of the most glowing media coverage in the history of media coverage after the completion of the Democratic media. Human centipede, Kamala Harris's favorability rating is 47%, not 60%, not 70%, 47%. By the way, when she entered the race, she was at 40%. So a minority of Americans like Kamala Harris and what is her favorability rating among independents? 40%.


It was 30, now it's 40. In other words, people don't like her very much as far as approval of her performances. Vice President, 42%. Again, these, these are not incredibly spectacular numbers for the current vice president of the United States. Democrats are more optimistic because they got rid of the zombie candidate and they put in somebody who is technically alive, but their fresh coat of paint on the crappy jalopy is not doing much for the American people. Again, as it turns out, this poll shows a dead heat. Not only that, some of the other polling that is favoring Kamala Harris, say for example, the morning consult poll, that morning consult poll has not moved.


It has not moved since before the DNC, and that is after some of the most glowing media coverage ever, according to my morning consult, not according to me. For the fifth week running, voters remain more likely to say they heard something positive than negative about Harris by a double digit margin. That has never happened for Donald Trump his entire career. Meanwhile, only 42% of voters hold favorable views of Tim Walls, and these are not great numbers for the Democrats. So after weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks of Sycophantic media coverage, this thing is still a dead heat. That is the actual news story, and that means that Kamala Harris is in real trouble. It's the reason why she is agonizing.


It's why her staff is doing Talmudic debate over exactly who should interview her, how and where. In fact, CNN had a panel just the other night in which they were agonizing over. Does she even have to do an interview? Does she? Maybe she doesn't. Maybe she can get away with never doing the interview. Maybe we can actually just in case her in glass and put her in a museum and pointed her and she'll be the president and and, and we'll never find out what she thinks or whether she has the capacity to speak freely. She is, as another commentator, has put it, the AI candidate. She's absolutely artificially generated at some point. She might have to be a human, but it ain't right now is what the CNN panel is advising. We know her position. She's against fracking, she's against private health insurance.


She's against gasoline cars. That's what she told us when she ran for president last time. She doesn't wanna talk about those positions. That's why she's stall It. And she should do an interview. I'm just politically saying, Brad and and you. You have to acknowledge that it hasn't been that bad Point. And she Do one show, it's coming. She'll show up at NPR somewhere like that, but she's not gonna take tough, She's not gonna show up on a network and she's going to have a sit down conversation. She's already said, her campaign has already said that that's going to happen if you're waiting for the date. Every else is waiting for the date. It's month. It's a month. She's actually on the ground. She's doing bus tours across the state of Georgia. She is talking to the voter, the Talking to the voters. No, she's not. She won't be talking to the voters technically, but she's not hearing from the voters or answering questions about the voters or anything like that.


Again, it is amazing. We are now on day 39. 39, 39 days zero questions asked. And now apparently we are supposed to be satisfied with an interview that she has now scheduled on CNN.


Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction. But there's hope. The international Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's Ben for the fellowship.org to make a gift today in the face of these many threats, the fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's Ben for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, bend for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you again.


The media really don't want her to do this. They really don't. The amount of pressure that's being brought on Kamala Harris to do a solo interview is pretty much zero, which is why it hasn't happened yet. Because if the media pushed a tsunami of coverage on why Kamala Harris is too much of a coward to do a one-on-one interview with say Lester Holt, it would happen. But they're not pushing that, and they're not pushing that because they are the recipients of their message from the Democratic Party. They then, as stenographers put that message out to the American public, there was literally a headline last night on Politico, maybe the most insane headline I've ever seen. Quote, Vance tries to tether Harris to Biden during Michigan rally. What do you mean tries to Tether Harris to Biden?


It's called the Biden Harris administration. Politico. She's the sitting vice president of the United States. That's unbelievable. Vance Vance is pouncing on her vice presidency. He's noticing that she's the vice president trying to tether her to to Biden. What do you mean Tether? Trying to tether? She literally got rid of the person who is her boss, still her boss. She got rid of that guy, took his place and is only famous because she's in his administration. But it's, it's the Republicans who are noticing it's, it's our fault for noticing. We're doing noticing again here, for example, as MSNBC's Jose Diaz Blau saying she doesn't really need to do an interview. I mean, she's already answering tons of questions. We shouldn't, you know, we shouldn't pretend she's answered. No questions Well folks.


She's answered no questions. Yeah, I mean, Bazo, obviously reporters are, you know, clamoring for that sit down. But it's also been a line of attack from Trump today. Sent out a campaign email underlining it's been 37 days since Biden exited the race in still no Harris interview. To be clear, she has taken questions from the press, just not in a lengthy televised sit down. Does this really think Basel matter to anyone other than journalists? Yes, I think it should matter to the American people, and if it doesn't, that is to their great discredit because they should want some answers on what the prospective president of the United States thinks about things. So finally, the Harris Walls campaign has announced an interview and it demonstrates what a weakling she is.


My goodness, my goodness. So the interview will be CNN tomorrow night, 9:00 PM Eastern, and you're all excited, right? Like, oh my gosh, we're finally gonna get a window into what she thinks about things wrong. It is not a solo interview. She will be joined by her babysitter, coach, serial liar, Tim Walls. She couldn't have like a regular interview one-on-one, she has a double interview, right? She's bringing along her vice presidential nominee, presumably to help fill time and grin like a goofy ass weirdo and make weird hand motions. That's what they're gonna do, okay? That's she's bringing along a chaperone.


She's the presidential nominee, the current front runner for the presidency. She has to bring along a chaperone. She can't do a solo interview. She's not capable of doing a solo interview. She can't go on even somewhat friendly's, like say a podcast, say Charlemagne the God she can't do it. She did it in 2019. She got her ass handed to her. She's terrible at this. So she's bringing along coach walls. So if she starts to wander off into word salad land, he can jump in with his communist enthusiasm and Jabber nonsensically about how she is joy that that's the entire stick. Okay? So that is proviso number one. Sure it's an interview, but it's also with Tim Walls, who is there to eat up time among other things.


Okay? Then proviso number two, the interviewer will be Dana Bash. Dana Bash is not exactly an objective interviewer. There's a reason they're not going with Lester Holt. There's a reason they're not going with Jake Tapper. They're going with Dana Bash because Dana Bash is in fact more of a partisan Democrat. She always has been. Here. In fact, is Dana Bash suggesting that Kamala Harris was not and is not the borders are? Yeah, she was. You guys all called her that. This is the kind of thing that is playing out all over conservative media. I just wanna do a little bit of record correcting. There's no there, there's not record crime right now. Number one, Harris was put in charge, as you said earlier, of combating the roots of immigration.


She was not and is not. The borders are. That is the person who will be asking her questions. So that's proviso number two. So proviso number one, she's got a babysitter. Tim Walls, weird sitcom dad, proviso number two, Dana Bash will be the interviewer on CNN proviso number three, it's pre-taped. It's Pre, it's not live, it's pre-taped, which means that presumably the Harris Walls campaign can exert pressure on CNN to chop out things that make her look bad. So spot the edits gang, that's gonna be the game. Pathetic, pathetic, but exactly what you would predict, exactly what you would predict.


Again, she has consistently failed when put in live interview situations. So they will not allow her in a live interview situation specifically because there are many questions she cannot answer. Among those questions, she now proclaims that inflation is running too hot. She's the current vp. Why didn't she fix it? Do something about it. She claims that she wants to be strong on the border, so why didn't you do it? She claims that the United States has a serious housing crisis. So why didn't you fix it? You're the current Vice President of the United States. That's the simple questions. Dana Bash should be asking another question. She should be asking, why is this guy with you? What do we mean this slub along with, why is he here?


I mean, we've been told that your vice presidency is completely irrelevant to your positional stances on issues. So what do I care what Tim Walls has to say? By the way, the Harris campaign openly admitted that Tim Walls has also not been allowed to do independent interviews. One-on-one with anybody, because they're afraid he will say something that is at odds with her actual positions. He doesn't know her positions either.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect their gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppress.


Frank Fleming over at over at Twitter. He also works with us on daily wear. As he tweeted out, the reason that they're having them both in the room at the same time is they get their stories straight. You wouldn't want a prisoner's dilemma where they're separated and asked the same question like, are you for electric vehicle mandates? They might give different answers. She's flipping her positions on and off like a light switch. It's insane. And that's the other thing somebody needs to ask her her specifically, not Tim Walls. And if he jumps in, Dana Bash needs to say, or she's not doing her job. If Tim Walls jumps in and starts to answer the questions, she needs to say, the question was for the presidential candidate, Mr. Walls. That's what she needs to say, will she? I highly doubt it, but Kamala Harris needs to answer questions about why she has flipped positions.


It's not just whether she has, it's why she has. Was she wrong in the first place or is she lying now? That is the operative question. Whenever anybody flips a position, they should have a good justification. They should have a good explanation of why they've shifted their positions in the last two months or since becoming the nominee, which is not even two months. It's like five weeks since Kamala Harris became the nominee. Kamala Harris has sent out her surrogates to flip positions on among others the following issues, decriminalizing border crossings, building a border wall, abolishing private healthcare insurance. She was in favor of the abolition. Now she's against it. Electric vehicle mandates.


She was in favor. Now she's against it banning fracking. She was in favor. Now she's against it. Opposing more police on the streets. She was in favor of that. Now she's against it. That is all inside the last five weeks alone, five weeks. Will Dana Bash dig into those issues? Will she play a clip of Kamala Harris on the border wall? Here's Kamala Harris, circa 2019, calling Trump's border wall, a medieval vanity project. Now we are told that she's in favor of the comprehensive immigration reform bill brought forth by Senate Republicans and Senate Democrats that would add to the funding for the border wall Axios headlined that she flip flopped on the border wall. Here she was in 2019.


What changed On the subject of transnational gangs? Let's be perfectly clear, the President's medieval vanity project is not going to stop them. It's a medieval vanity project. But now she's in favor of the medieval vanity project. Shouldn't she have to look at that clip? Shouldn't she? Shouldn't she have to look at the clip of herself talking about being the last person in the room on Afghanistan and explain why the pullout from Afghanistan was such a full scale disaster? Shouldn't she the queen of the women, shouldn't she have to explain why it was totally fine to leave 19 million women in burkas without an education in Afghanistan? Why that was the wisest and strongest decision she ever made as vice president of the United States?


Shouldn't she have to explain her reversal on the electric vehicle mandate? According to the New York Post, despite VP Harris championing outlawing gasoline powered cars in her senate days, her campaign claim Tuesday, she's now opposed to electric vehicle mandates. Yet another walk back on behalf of the California Democrat, possibly the biggest one of them all in a fact. Check email Harris campaign rapid response director, Ammar Musa dismissed claims made by former President Trump about the Veeps readiness to force every American to own an electric vehicle fact. VP Harris does not support an electric vehicle mandate. What that leaves out is that when she was in the Senate, she co-sponsored legislation that sought to ban the sale of gasoline powered vehicles by 2040.


That was the So-called Zero Emission Vehicles Act of 2019. She was a co-sponsor on the legislation. The bill would've forced automobile companies to transition away from fossil fuels by requiring 50% of new passenger vehicle sales be zero emission cars by 2030. And then that mandate would ramp up 5% every single year. But don't worry, she's not reversing herself. Maybe Dana Bash can ask her about that. Maybe Dana Bash should ask her about the radical increases in taxes that she's seeking. One of the most hilarious things about Democrats talking about increasing taxes, they say we need to balance budgets. That that's the big thing. You know, the reason we're increasing taxes is 'cause we're just spending more than we're bringing in. I don't believe you. You have inflated the currency in order to pay for the greatest spending binge in the history of the planet, not of the United States, of the planet.


We are looking right now at a national debt in the United States that now currently is ordering on $35 trillion, $35 trillion. By the end of this year that national debt is going to be around $37 trillion. It is going up exponentially. And yet you're, you're, you're telling me that if you increase the marginal income tax rate on the richest Americans by like four or 5%, that's gonna do a dime bit of difference. Everybody knows this is spending problem. There's not a revenue problem. Revenue to the federal government has never been higher, what you're talking about, right?


And by revenue to the federal government, it's a, it's such a euphemism. The federal government doesn't have revenue. It has tax seizures. Revenue implies that they are providing a service in return for the taxation. They are not, they're redistributing the income or wasting out on a bunch of stupid things. The federal government has no business being in. If I make revenue at my company, it's 'cause I sold something. It's because you bought something. If the federal government takes in revenue, it's 'cause it pointed a gun at you and took your cash. But the lie that the federal government tells right now is it, and, and that Kamala Harris presumably will tell is that she's gonna fix all of our fiscal problems by increasing tax rates. Now what's actually gonna happen is what has typically happen when you increase marginal tax rates, economic activity tends to go down.


And when that happens, revenues grow lower. But the great truth of democratic tax policy, it has never been about increasing revenue to the federal government. It has always been about punishing success. Barack Obama let the cat outta the bag way back in 2008 about this. He was specifically asked in a debate, I think this is one of the most important political moments in my lifetime. He was asked in a debate that nobody remembers about whether he would increase the capital gains tax even if it meant less revenue to the government. In other words, would he increase the tax rate even if it meant the government took in less money? He said yes for purposes of fairness. In other words, punish people who make money, punish them. That is Kamala Harris's actual political philosophy. It'd be great to get her to answer some questions on that.


She, for example, wants to let the Trump's ta the Trump tax cuts expire according to the Wall Street Journal. She wants to increase taxes by about $5 trillion over the next decade and then cut other taxes supposedly by more than $4 trillion. The the cut taxes are not actually cuts to taxes. They are just redistribution. Very often when Democrats talk about cutting taxes, they're talking about, for example, earned income tax credits that actually are not weighed against earned income. In other words, they're just checks that are being cut to people.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer. The power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval and Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi. Unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer ET and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. NMLS ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access dot equal housing lender 1 7 4 9 Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Under her plan, taxes will go up sharply on some high income households. Top marginal tax rates would reach their highest point since 1986. She also wants to push, as we have mentioned before, a 25% unrealized capital gains tax, which is totally insane if you're worth over a hundred million dollars, right? And by worth we just mean on paper. And you're privately holding your company, for example, and your company is say, worth a billion dollars. That means that $900 million of that worth will now be taxed at 25% even though you've never sold a dime of the stock and you haven't taken the company public, which means you bankrupt the company and the person immediately it's total idiocy.


So she has endorsed Biden's proposed tax increases. She says she's not gonna raise taxes on middle class. That's a lie. She for sure will. Joe Biden would've done the same exact thing if, if he didn't have to face down the prospect of a Republican house. And that of course is exactly correct. You know, the the corporations, she wants to increase the corporate tax rate to 28%. It's currently 21%, which is absolutely absurd. Remember, every tax a corporation pays is money taken off the top line before they pay their employees. It means wages go down because there is less money to go around to pay large companies who pay 21% minimum tax instead of the current 15%.


The rate Coalition, a group of companies including Target and Altru as quote Vice President Harris's campaign pledge to raise the federal corporate tax rate to 28% would've devastating consequences resulting in higher prices, lower wages, and fewer jobs. And then she's telling the same lie that Joe Biden is telling about how if you make under $400,000 your taxes won't go up. That of course is a lie. That's not going to be how it goes. Other forms of tax will certainly increase. Meanwhile, she of course is attempting to pay off all the blue states. So one of the things that the Trump tax plan did is it got rid of salt, the state and local tax deduction. The state and local tax deduction was a Democrat pushed theory that suggested that if you paid a high marginal income tax rate in California that was deductible against your income before he took federal tax.


Why did they do that? Because effectively speaking, that meant that these states like Florida, that have a 0% income tax rate are subsidizing states like California. California got to take off the top before people measured their income for federal income tax. Well, the Trump tax plan got rid of that. It meant that even for people like me when I was living in California, my taxes actually went up under Trump's tax cuts because my tax to the state of California was no longer deductible against my federal tax. Now Democrats wanna get rid of that 'cause of course the entire goal here is to pay off their friends and harm their enemies. That is precisely Kamala Harris' tax plan. Should she be asked about that? Sure.


Will she be highly doubt it? It's pretty incredible. Meanwhile, the Kamala Harris campaign continues to futz around on whether a debate will even take place on September 10th. So Trump has again doubled down. He said, listen, I already agreed to this a b, C debate. I know why they keep trying to change the terms. I already agree to this. I dunno what they want from me Here. He put out a statement saying quote, I have reached an agreement with the radical left Democrats for a debate with comrade Kamala Harris. It'll be broadcast live on a, b, c fake news by far the nastiest and most unfair newscaster in the business Tuesday, September 10th in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The rules will be the same as the LA CNN debate, which seems to work out well for everyone except perhaps crooked Joe Biden. The debate will be standup candidates cannot bring notes or cheat sheets. We have also been given assurance by a BC.


This will be fair and equitable debate. Neither side will be given the questions in advance. No, Donna Brazil. That is a reference back to 2016 when the supposition was that Donna Brazil had handed over questions to the Hillary campaign. Harris would not agree to the Fox News debate on September 4th, but that date will be held open in case she changes her mind or flip flops as she has done on every single one of her long held and cherished policy beliefs. A possible third debate, which would go to NBC fake news, has not been agreed to by the radical left. God bless America. And so in other words, she's running from debates consistently, consistently. The Kamala Harris campaign, however, has said that they have not yet agreed to the terms of the debate. They might wanna keep the mics open.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing what the seasons, you know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the bullet and branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bull and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all. Bull and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Bull and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bullandbranch.com slash ben. That's bull and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping exclusion supply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping.


So remember it was the Democrats originally who insisted on muting the mics because they're afraid that Joe Biden would get discombobulated by other people talking in his ear while he was talking. So they had the mics muted and then it was really bad for him. So now they wanna reverse the rules and now they're saying that Donald Trump is chickening out unless he lets them reverse the rules again. The way that Democrats work is they set the rules and if you buck that, that means that you're a chicken. It means that you hate democracy if you, if you just don't wish to abide by their rules, you hate democracy as we'll see in a second. They're perfectly fine with thwarting democracy at every possible turn for their own political benefit, these great defenders of democracy. And here's James Carville spelling out what the strategy is in trying to leave the mics open.


I wish they'd let Trump speak over 'cause he's so rude and people don't like it. And she is much better equipped to handle that than say President Biden was. So, I I, any chance, any opportunity you give Trump, Trump to be rude, I think you should give it to him, but I don't, I'm not, I'm not that hung up on cut microphone or on microphone right, or anything like that. I, I don't think that's particularly determined if he, but I, I've just assumed let him give him every opportunity to be the jerk he is. Again, this is their entire plan. Their entire plan is they want the moment, they want the moment from that horrible stupid Kamala Harris versus Mike Pence debate in which everyone, 'cause we're a dumb country focused on a fly on Mike Pence's head, rather than the fact that Kamala Harris is a full scale equity first socialist.


Here's Al Franken, former Minnesota Senator and CNN panel saying what they really want is for Kamala Harris to get interrupted by Trump so she can do the, I'm speaking, he's mansplaining to me. I am a I am female. Hear me roar roar than I'm a victim. Will it matter that he can speak while sh she's speaking? I mean, I think it, it could as a parlor game, but voters aren't focused On that. Let, okay, well, let me play. Well If there's, lemme Like, lemme play take you guys down memory lane. Just the, I'm speaking of it all is one of the things that perhaps the Harris campaign wants to recreate. Absolutely. No, but Susan, I this is important Susan and I wanna add Mr.


Vice President. I'm speaking, I have to weigh, I'm speaking, you can have 15 more seconds and then we'll give the vice president a chance to, Mr. Joe Biden has been very clear. He will not raise taxes on anybody who makes less than $400,000 a year. Said he's gonna repeal the Trump tax Cuts. Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking. Well, wait, I'm speaking. The important is you said the truth is he only gonna repeal part of the Trump tax Cuts. If you don't mind letting me finish, please, we can then have a conversation. Okay, please. Okay. Let's talk about the fact, please. Yeah. I'm, I'm about to. I mean, it was iconic. God, she's so obnoxious. She's so obnoxious and they're begging for it. They're begging for this obnoxious bull.


They're begging for it. They want it so desperately they want Kamala Harris to school arm Donald Trump. I don't think it's gonna go quite the way they think it's gonna go. By the way, I don't think Americans like that kind of stuff. I think that it was really off-putting for most people when they saw Kamala Harris going, yeah, yeah. To, to Mike Pence, the most polite person in the history of American politics. It was ridiculous then. It's ridiculous. Now, meanwhile, JD Vance saying the things that have to be said on the campaign trail, he points out, Hey, by the way, you know, I noticed that you're presenting her as candidate of mystery. Hasn't she been the vice president for the last three and a half years? My favorite line from Kamala is she says, if you elect her president, she's gonna fix it all on day one. Well, Kamala, I hate to break it to you, but day one was 1300 days ago, you've been vice president for three and a half years.


What the hell have you been doing during all that time? That would be the big question. It would be, but the media are too busy covering for her. They're too busy pretending that she's actually not the vice president of the United States and, and one interview, a joint interview with her dad, protector Tim Walls that ain't gonna do it. And if it does, honestly, I keep saying this over and over, but it's true. If the American people are so stupid that they fall for the idea that Kamala Harris is some sort of mysterious candidate about whom they know nothing after years in the public eye after reversing every position, after lying consistently and after being the current vice president of the United States, I'm just gonna keep quoting Mankin until the cows come home.


Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard. If that's what you want, you will get it good and hard. Meanwhile, Democrats continue to claim that they're the party of democracy. I have some proof that that is not in fact the case. I'll get to that momentarily first for a very limited time. Again, you get 35% off new Daily, Wire plus annual memberships with Code Fight When you go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe Every single day at The Daily Wire, we are fighting the left and building the future. We've taken on some huge battles, like when we sued the Biden administration over mandatory Covid vaccines and we won. I, of course, have testified before Congress against the global media cartel gar that was censoring conservative voices. And guess what? We dismantled it. Now we are shaking up Hollywood with our first nationwide theatrical release Mi racist.


That's Matt Walsh's, DEI busting comedy. It's hitting theaters September 13th. I should add. Theaters are selling out across the country. Here's the truth. We can only do this because of our members. This is why we need your help. When we fight, we win. But we need you in the battle with us. Join Daily Wire Plus today. Stand with us in the fight. Get 35% off your new annual membership with Code Fight. Now remember, Democrats say that they must be elected because Donald Trump is an opponent of democracy. He hates democracy. Democracy. He, it must be defended from the likes of the bad Orange Man. Okay, well, RFK Junior was a third party candidate. He was, and then he dropped out and he endorsed Donald Trump. You remember he tried to run originally as a Democrat in the primaries. They rigged the primary process. So RFK JR could not participate, and they rigged it so that Joe Biden would win.


Then they decided to coo him out in favor of Kamala Harris without a single vote. Again, that's what makes the cusso astonishing. It's not just that he won primaries and then he was supplanted. It's that they rigged the process to prevent all possible opposition. They rigged it to stop anyone legitimate from getting in against Joe Biden. They threatened and cajoled anyone who might get in against Joe Biden and provide an actual alternative just to earn him the nomination. And then immediately they swapped him out, which is truly an amazing feat of leisure domain. Truly amazing stuff right there from the Democrats. Anyway, RFK Jr steps outta the race. He endorses Donald Trump and he announced yesterday that Trump had asked him to be on the transition team.


I've been asked to go onto the transition team and, you know, to help pick the people who will be running the government. And I'm, I'm looking forward to that. Okay, so not only has he dropped out, not only has he endorsed Trump, he will be on Trump's transition team. He said he was going to move to withdraw his name from the ballot in 10 states, 10 swing states. Now here's the thing. He's not running. He's not running correct. Every vote on a ballot for RFK Junior is a wasted vote, a literal wasted vote because there is no possibility that he can be elected president of the United States. He's not even running in a bunch of states. He has explicitly asked himself to be taken off the ballot.


So what are Democrats doing? They're maintaining his name on the ballot. That's how much they love democracy. They want you to waste your vote on a person who actively withdrew and endorsed another nominee. Do you understand how anti-democratic that is? That's nuts. That's crazy. They're actively moving to keep what is in fact a dead vote on the ballot. That's what Democrats are doing. Don't worry. They love democracy. Your vote must count, especially for the person who's not even running. He, him, I, I repeat it. It's, it's totally crazy. He himself asked Wisconsin and Michigan to take him off the ballot because he's not running in Wisconsin or Michigan and he doesn't want to take votes away from Donald Trump.


And Democrats who are in charge of the electoral me mechanisms in Wisconsin and Michigan turned him down and said, your name will stay on the ballot, even though you have asked that it not even be on the ballot so that people will make a mistake maybe and think, and then vote for you. Absolutely nuts. According to Axios, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Will be on the ballot in the battlegrounds of Michigan and Wisconsin in November. Even though he has suspended his bid and back, former President Trump, Kennedy suspended his campaign to avoid taking votes from Trump. Now, his name will appear on the ballot in the various states that could decide the election. Kennedy has been removed in Arizona, Nevada, and Pennsylvania. He'll apparently stand the ballot also in North Carolina, a super competitive state.


A combination of state laws and overdue deadlines explains why Kennedy is unable to remove his name from the ballot. In some states. Sherry Hardman, senior Press Secretary for Michigan, secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson, who is a Democrat of course, said a minor party candidate cannot withdraw in Michigan. Meanwhile, the Wisconsin Election Commission voted on Tuesday five to one to reject Kennedy's request to withdraw from the ballot. So they're keeping him on the ballot. Even though he can, he cannot even really receive votes. He's not a candidate. Meanwhile, the same people who are attempting to keep R fk junior's dead candidacy on the ballot, they're attempting to force Cornell West and his live candidacy off the ballot.


According to w det.org, independent presidential candidate Cornell West must appear on the ballot in the battleground state of Michigan, a judge ruled about week after West was disqualified In Michigan, the State Democratic Party, democratic Secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson, and a voter backed by a Democratic line Pac had challenged West candidacy. So remember Jocelyn Benson is the same person who just said one second ago, RFK is a minor party candidate. He must stay on the ballot even though he doesn't wanna be on the ballot. She's trying to get Cornell West kicked off the ballot even though he does wanna be on the ballot. Do you understand this is how democracy works according to Democrats vote for us, or it's not democracy. They're literally attempting to rig the process in Michigan this way.


That's insane. They're doing it right out in the open. They're not even trying to hide it. Jocelyn Benson is so corrupt that she's trying to maintain RFK Jr on the ballot in Michigan after he withdrew from the race, and she's trying to get Cornell West kicked off the ballot in Michigan, even though he wants to stay in the race. Why? Because of RFK Jr's name is on the ballot. Some Republicans might vote for him and of Cornell West's name is on the ballot. Some Democrats might vote for him. Totally insane. Totally, totally crazy. Cornell West, by the way, revealed on a podcast that the Democrats had just basically offered to pay off all his bills view would drop out. Were you offered a position in the Harris administration any financial incentives to drop out?


Oh, I mean, there was definitely various kind of offers. I won't go into concrete details of it. I I really won't because I don't, I I don't even wanna make that the focus. Well, let's, let's just say they did not. They did, they did not offer, they did not offer you the janitor's position. They offered you something, something high, something relatively high up, High up. Well, I I I don't think it was that high up. Did they offer you a, a cabinet position, a lower position and offer to pay off any of your campaign debt? Well, they, they offered serious, substantive conversation about all of those. Unbelievable. So they were offering to pay Cornell Westoff, and at the same time they were trying to throw him off the ballot in various states.


They love democracy. That's the thing about the Democrats. They really, truly love democracy. In fact, they love democracy so much that they have been manipulating social media all over the place for years. So as we pointed out yesterday on the show, mark Zuckerberg issued a letter, a public letter to the house judiciary chairman Jim Jordan, admitting that meta, which owns Facebook, aired in acquiescing to government pressure for censorship. So Zuckerberg conceded that there was a lot of government pressure for censorship. He said it was our decision whether or not to take the content down and we own our decisions. But in reality, in reality, the government was pressuring them. Now, the reason that Zuckerberg said that it was their own decision is because if in fact it is seen that Facebook is some sort of government mechanism, then it can be regulated as a government mechanism and or held liable for damages.


Okay. But it is pretty astonishing that letter and demonstrates. Once again, Democrats are perfectly happy with grabbing control of the mechanisms of the dissemination of information. All of us on the right know about it. They try to do it with GM by basically cuddling advertisers into not spending money on any show to the right of Karl Marx. They've done it with social media where they've put extraordinary restrictions on any right-wing content. They, they've forced companies like ours to police ourselves for basic matters of, of facts that, that they just don't want broadcast. Like really, really basic stuff that I can't say on YouTube. But for example, for fear that we'll get yellow or red flagged, all of this is part of a broader attempt to cudgel people into avoiding free speech.


And that's part of a broader international attempt to shut down free speech on behalf of the left.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumin apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LU me n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off


the Wall Street Journal has a good piece from the editorial board today talking about the arrest of Telegram, CEO Pavo AV over the weekend, say, conservatives in the US are rallying around Torah telegrams largely hands off approach to moderating content has made it popular among terrorists as well as genuine political dissonance. Journalists use the app to communicate with sources, though terrorist groups and authoritarian governments also use it to spread propaganda as Russia has in Ukraine. Paris prosecutors say Durra was detained in relation to an investigation into criminal activity on the platform. But many suspect this is merely a pretext because Europe is also imposing speech controls on other media platforms. France in 2020 sought to require sites to remove hate speech. The most of its law was blocked by the country's top court.


The European parliament then stepped into the breach with its Digital Services Act, which compels platforms to curb harmful content, including so-called Hate, speech, disinformation, and propaganda. The European Commission is conducting stress tests to ensure platforms police quote unquote harmful content companies can be fined up to 6% of their worldwide revenue if deemed non-compliant. Ti Breton issued an actual threat to Elon Musk, as you'll recall, right before Musk did a recent live stream on x.com with Donald Trump. I understand you are currently doing stress test of the platform. In this context, I'm compelled to remind you of the due diligence OBS obligations set out in the Digital Services Act. Wrote Mr. Breon, as the Wall Street Journal says that this is thuggish stuff.


European regulators are trying to meddle in the US presidential election at the midst of Aria Peep from the Biden administration. This is the reason why a lot of people are very skeptical of the arrest of Paval Rab, for example. So all the friends of democracy, they're perfectly fine with keeping candidates who don't wanna be on the ballot, on the ballot in order to ensure that votes don't go to Donald Trump. They're perfectly fine with kicking Cornell West or Jill Stein off the ballot, even if they want to be on the ballot, because those votes might be taken away from Kamala Harris. They wish to manipulate or pressure social media to the best of their full ability. And of course, they're manipulating the the judicial system. So Jack Smith has now unveiled new charges against Donald Trump.


Remember folks, this election ain't even close to over September 18th. Donald Trump has a judicial hearing in which he may be sentenced to jail time in the middle of the electoral cycle. That is the thing that absolutely could happen. And by the way, if Donald Trump crushes Kamala Harris in the debate on September 10th, it would not shock me at all if Judge Juan Merrian in New York sentenced him to actual jail time in an attempt to rig the election on behalf of Kamala Harris. That'd be little to no surprise at all. Well, now special counsel Jack Smith, according to the Wall Street Journal, filed a revised indictment that accuses Trump of trying to undo his 2020 election loss, saying the case remains largely intact even after the Supreme Court's July ruling that former presidents enjoy sweeping immunity for acts they take while in office with the new indictment.


Trump faces the same four federal offenses he was originally charged with, but Smith said the government refashioned the case to conform to the Supreme Court's holding presidents can't be prosecuted for exercising core constitutional powers. Now, again, this is not a shock. It was pretty well predicted and I said at the time the Supreme Court came down with it ex its executive immunity ruling, that all that meant is that this would be kicked back down to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and then it would probably be refiled at some point in order to avoid the implications of the actual ruling by the Supreme Court. However, Jack Smith is not gonna let go. He's like a bulldog. Here's a terrier. This is why special counsels very often are a waste of space and really should be answerable to the DOJ because once they start digging, it is literally their job to find paid dirt pretty much no matter what.


So stellar stuff from Jack Smith using the legal system against Donald Trump rigging social media against Donald Trump rigging the actual ballot listings against Donald Trump. So many friends of democracy in the Democratic Party. Really, really astonishing stuff. Okay? Meanwhile, over in Florida, Donald Trump has been expressing some discontent with regard to Amendment four in Florida. So Donald Trump doesn't really know how to handle the abortion issue, right? Obviously he's been futsing around on it. He actual answer to the abortion issue from Donald Trump typically has been, although not explained particularly well that it is no longer a federal issue. Roe v. Wade kicked it back to the states. The states should decide on a state by state issue as president of the United States.


He has no intention of signing any federal legislation into law of the Supreme Court has already deemed a state's issue, right? That's the easy way out. That's what he is attempting to do. Even JD Vance, who's very pro-life has said that. However, Donald Trump is now afraid apparently to sound off on Amendment four in the state of Florida. Amendment four in the state of Florida is a, is a statewide constitutional proposed amendment that would effectively legalize abortion to point of birth. So Florida has a heartbeat, bill. It's illegal to go get an abortion except in extraordinary circumstances after fetal heartbeat. There's still a lot of abortions in the state of Florida, but that is the actual law in the state of Florida and has been for a year and a half or so, Democrats are trying to jog their voter participation by putting Amendment four on the ballot.


Amendment four suggests that effectively there should be no limitations on abortion. Amendment four is not just a reversion back to the 15 week standard that obtained before the six week standard was put in place in Florida. It blows out all standards on abortion completely. It is a George Soros funded amendment. It would allow late term abortions all the way up to month nine of pregnancy. Also, Florida currently has a legal requirement that parents consent before minors get an abortion amendment. Four gets rid of that. Finally, amendment four also says that healthcare practitioners, not just doctors, can perform abortions. So anybody basically can perform an abortion.


So the easy answer here for Donald Trump when asked how he would vote on that in the state of Florida is I would vote against that amendment because it's so damned radical. Even if I disagree with a heartbeat, bill, I'm not gonna vote for something that allows abortion all the way up to nine months and then enshrines it in the constitution of the state of Florida. That's the actual answer that Donald Trump should give. I hope that he does because obviously he's been giving a lot of of kind of bad signs to the pro-life community. A lot of people in the pro-life community pissed off at Donald Trump's position on national legislation with regards to abortion. A position that, again, I'm a pro-lifer, so I fully sympathize with that idea. I also understand where Donald Trump is coming from on a national level, but this is not a national referendum. This is a state referendum. So you should say, listen, Roe v.


Wade kicked it back to the states. The state of Florida has a heartbeat. Bill, the state of Florida, I'm a voter there. I don't believe in abortion to point of birth. This amendment enshrines abortion to point of birth in the Constitution. I'll oppose it. It's that simple. That's what he should do. All righty. Coming up, we'll be joined by Robbie Starbuck, who has been doing amazing work in going after woke corporations. First, if you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people make Those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn.


I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified. DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yeah. This Country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They gonna say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful.


Never be too careful. They gonna say, you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.