
Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit dot com slash partner. Net credit credit to the people.


Alrighty, folks, tons. Coming up on today's show, Whoopi Goldberg says that black people in America have the same as gay people in Iran. What does that say about a particular mindset? Plus the Supreme Court rules that transing the kids can be banned in the States and the Democrats go completely insane. Plus the latest on Iran and President Trump's perspective on it first today has bravely chosen to self-identify as a holiday. We're celebrating. The only way that makes sense by watching Am I Racist? The official, and let's be honest, only good movie of Juneteenth in theaters became the number one documentary of the decade on Daily Wire Plus it became the most watched piece of content in platform history. And now thanks to an unverified but enthusiastic number of fans, it's being celebrated as the official movie of Juneteenth.


So if you've already seen it, watch it again. If you haven't, today is your day of reckoning. Am I Racist? The official movie of Juneteenth Streaming now Only on DailyWire Applause. Also my brand new book Lines and Scavengers is available presale right now. Yes, you can get a signed copy only at DailyWire dot com slash shop. It's a rallying cry against the lies poisoning our culture. Trust me, the scavengers will not like it. Again, that's DailyWire dot com slash app for signed copies. Well, folks, there's a perspective that has broken out into the open on both the Horseshoe theory left and the horseshoe theory, right, that America sucks. America has always sucked. There's always been something wrong with the United States and that wrongness continues today. There's a lot of crossover in these sort of two wings of American politics, but perhaps the most clear exemplar of this philosophy comes in the form of Whoopi Goldberg, sort of a pixelated version of this philosophy, a dumbed down version of this philosophy yesterday on the View, which of course is a repository of nearly all human stupidity, she decided she was going to sound off about the Israel Iran war.


She, of course, is a believer that Iran is not all that bad, that They can be negotiated with, that there was never anything wrong with Iran. Really, really. And if there was, well, you know, America has similar problems, so who are we to judge? Yesterday she decided to talk about how you know the women in Iran who can be beaten for not wearing the proper head covering who used to be able to hold particular jobs and no longer can hold those jobs in Iran who've been repressed since 1979 by the fundamentalist Islamic regime in Tehran. She said, well, basically that's the same as being black in America in 2025. And this is an astonishing claim, And that's why I am saying that it is the same.


Murdering someone for their difference is not good. Whoever does it, it's not good. The clapping seals. So that's why I said you, you weren't saying what you, what I heard was not what you meant. Okay? I, yeah, that's, I think it's very different than the United States in 2025 than it it is to live in Iran. Not if you're Black. Not for everybody, not If You're black guys. Don't go to Teran. That is absurd. Whoopi Goldberg is sitting there on the set of a nationally televised show being paid millions of dollars after having been once an actress a long time ago. And she's saying that being black in America is akin to being a woman in Iran or a gay person in Iran. Okay? Gay people in Iran are hanged from cranes.


That is what happens to gay people in Iran. Whoopi Goldberg is feted for saying unbelievably low iq stupid things on a nationally televised show every single day. But apparently that lack of perspective has become indicative of a broader trend in American life, which is to just whine about America to crap on America, and it's not relegated to Whoopi Goldberg. Barack Obama did this a large part of his career as well, suggesting in 2008 that America actually always had great ideals. We just hadn't lived up to them. That was the unifying part. And then after he won it turned into America, kind of sucks, has kind of always sucked. And now it turns out, according to Barack Obama, America sucks even more than usual. He did an interview with the New York Times in which he suggested that we are drifting into something that is not consistent with American democracy.


It's consistent with Autocracies, it's consistent with Hungary under Orban. I mean, first of all, we should point out that there are in fact elections in Victor Orin's Hungary, but beyond that, Barack Obama complaining about the twisting of the institutions of the United States against democracy. Barack Obama doesn't really get to talk about this considering the fact that he used the federal government to threaten private industry very early on in his administration, that he used every aspect of his government nor to crack down on political opposition up to and including the IRS. But anyway, he says we're not there yet completely, but I think we are dangerously close to normalizing behavior like that, and we need people both outside government and inside government saying, let's not go over that cliff because it's hard to recover.


Now again, president Obama during his tenure ran down America fairly routinely. He understood that Americans didn't like that very much, so he sort of prevented that from, from being spoken about publicly or he himself tried not to say it all the time in dreams from my father. His first autobiography is a man who's written multiple autobiographies because of course he is so humble. He wrote in that first book quote, I know I have seen the desperation and disorder of the powerless, how it twists the lives of children on the streets of Jakarta or Nairobi in much of the same ways it does the lives of children on Chicago South side, how narrow the path is for them between humiliation and untrammeled fury, how easily they slip into violence and despair. I know that the response of the powerful to this disorder alternating as it does between a dull complacency and when the disorder spills out of its prescribed confines, a study unthinking application of force of longer prison sentences and more sophisticated military hardware is inadequate to the task.


Now, notice the tacit endorsement of the idea that black people living on the south side of Chicago, that's the same thing as impoverished children living on the streets of Jakarta, Indonesia or Nairobi, okay? That that is an absurd contention, but that sort of moral relativism runs throughout. Again, a large part of the left that suggests that America is historically bad, remains bad today, and this was a hallmark of the left throughout the Cold War era. There's really no difference between the United States and the Soviet Union. In fact, at least the Soviet Union, at least they're shooting for some form of equality. The United States is an unequal, terrible society. This is an argument that was made by the by the left. It is also an argument increasingly made by a sort of horseshoe theory, right, which suggests that America is bad today and it's bad for a wide variety of reasons, but it was bad historically in the past as well.


And when Donald Trump says, make America great again, the reason that that resonates for so many Americans, there are really two reasons. One is that when Americans here make America great again, what they believe is that there are American principles that are fundamentally great and they, we ought to do a better job living up to them and implementing them. That what makes America great for example is say the Constitution of the United States and its ideals that what makes America great are principles of limited government, private property, free speech, traditional values, right? That that combination, that stew of Anglo-American ideals that applied uniquely in the United States, that that's what made America great. We need to get back to that. That's what they hear when they hear make America great.


That's sort of one way of hearing. The other way of hearing it is we think of great moments in American history and we say, we wanna be great like we were at that moment, not that America was quote unquote greater in 1960 when segregation was still on the books in the south or that America was greater in the 1850s when slavery was still practiced across half the country. But that there are moments in American history in which we have lived up to our great ideals and we should make America great again like that we should have, for example, a unity of purpose like we did during World War ii, that we should, for example, have an industrialized economy that is forward thinking and forward looking the way that we did in say the 1950s, right there, there there's an idea that we have in our head when we say, make America great again, and that's what President Trump is calling upon and appealing to.


But there's a part of the right that really believes that America was never great in the same way that the left agrees that America was never great. They believe, for example, that the expansion across the west in the early days of America was imperialist and colonialist in the same way that the left claims that America is imperialist and colonialist there. There's a part of the right that believes like a part of the left, that the Civil War was wrongly fought, that it would've been better if the South had been allowed to keep slaves because after all, an overweening federal government means broader federal power. There's a part of the right that believes like a part of the left, that the gilded era in which American industry began to really grow in America, became a world power economically, was bad and exploitative, and that believes that the United States was bad in World War I or, or that the United States was evil in World War II for dropping the abo at the end of World War II or that the United States was terrible during the Cold War because we opposed the communist too strenuously and we'd been corrupted from the inside by globalists, right?


There is this part of the right that believes like the left, that there is something fundamentally wrong with America, and it's been wrong for generations, that the post Cold War era was characterized by American evil, that America is a bad force in the world, for example. Well, there are many problems with this perspective, the first and foremost of which is that it is historically wrong. America is the greatest force for human freedom in the history of the world. There is not really a close second. America is the greatest force for human prosperity in the history of the world. There really is not a close second. Why is this important? Because if you cannot define what makes America great or what made America great, if you are in the moral relativist category of suggesting, for example, that America is akin to Russia, you know, both countries kill people.


The sort of Michael Corleone cynical perspective in Godfather one when he says to Kay, well, senators have people killed too, which is a really Purell perspective. I know people like to cite the Michael Corleone speech decay in Godfather as though this is sort of a world weary explanation of American politics. You know, American senators have people killed just like dictators? No, they don't. Okay, I knower. Do you think that senators in the United States have the capacity to have people murdered just willy-nilly the way that Vladimir Putin, for example, shoves people off of buildings in Russia? If you think that it is because you are being deliberately obtuse or morally relativistic or both, okay, why does this matter? Because if you don't know what America is about, what makes America great, how do you defend it? Truly?


How do you defend it? What are the principles that you are seeking to defend? This comes to a head when it comes to issues like immigration.


Alrighty, in just a moment, we'll get to the immigration component of the dislike for America. It's very serious. It's one of the reasons why some people want open borders. First, Pure Talk. My wireless company, a veteran led company, believes every man and woman who's faithfully served this country deserves to proudly flag an American flag made in America. And that's why Pure Talk is on a mission to give an allegiance flag the highest quality American flag to 1000 US veterans in time for the patriotic holidays. Of course, independence Day is coming up very shortly. Just switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk. This month, a portion of every sale will go to provide these high quality flags to deserving veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and plenty of data you can enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G Network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year. I use Pure Talk for all my business calls. It's fantastic. You should do the same. You're gonna be spending less money. Great coverage. Head over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro to switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. Again, it's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro to support veterans and to switch to America's wireless company Pure Talk. There's no reason to pay more for your cell phone coverage really, and also support companies that don't particularly like you. Instead, head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes.


Also, my work schedule has been really, really busy as late, especially because of the extended show. I need to make sure I'm still maintaining my health, hitting the gym, spending time with the family, even with the crazy schedule. Well, I've learned pretty quickly peak performance requires peak nutrition, not just tons of caffeine. That means eating enough fruits and veggies throughout the course of the day, wherever it may take me. That's why I'm so thankful to have Balance Of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies Every day. That sounds miserable and time consuming with Balance Of Nature, fruits and veggies. There's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn them into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take those fruit and veggie capsules Every day and your body knows precisely what to do with them. They're kosher. So I can pop it right into that protein smoothie and keep the gun show going strong. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo KO Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get that free bottle of fiber and spice, that's Balance Of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro, again, Balance Of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer and that free bottle of fiber and spice.


So again, it, it's very bizarre to watch some of the alliances that have formed with regard to immigration. They, they're not associated in the same with sort of mass immigration and love of mass immigration, but for example, Marco Rubio has suggested that the US State Department is going to screen visa applicants for ideology that We don't have to take into the country. People who hate the country. This seems perfectly sensible to me. I do not understand in any way why this is controversial. If you come into the country believing that America is at root, evil, terrible, historically bad force in the world, we don't want you here. You should not be here. There's no reason for you to be here. You can go elsewhere. There's someone 190 countries on planet Earth.


You can go to any of the other ones, but there is no reason why we should import groups of people who believe that America is bad. That seems weird to me that there's anyone who argues that the quote unquote free speech rights of non-citizens ought to Trump Americans interest in not importing people who hate the country. And what's funny about this is there are, in fact some people on the anti-immigration, right, who get very upset at Secretary Rubio for saying this because of course many of them agree with the principle that America is not so fundamentally great. In any case, Politico is reporting that US diplomats have officially been directed to screen the social media and online presence of all foreign nationals applying for student and other educational visas In the cable.


Consular officers are directed to review applicant's online presence for any indications of hostility toward the citizens culture, government, institutions, or founding principles of the United States. The cable also instructs embassies to flag quote, any advocacy for aid or support for foreign terrorists and other threats to US national security and support for unlawful anti somatic harassment or violence support for Kamas is listed as a specific example. Now, this is the part where it gets kind of weird is that like what is controversial about any of that? Why? Why would it be good for the United States, for example, to import people who believe that black people are inferior? Would that be a good thing for us to do? Would it be a good thing for us to import supporters of terrorist groups in Africa or Asia?


But if you mention that we probably shouldn't import people who support Hamas, then all of a sudden there are some people on the right who say, this is a violation of free speech principles. Well, no, it isn't. No, it isn't actually a pretty good indicator that you hate America is that you like Hamas. The crossover between those two principles is absolute. The Venn diagram is a circle, and yet you see people on left and right who are very upset with the State Department for saying this sort of stuff. The State Department, of course, is simply making the point that there are differences in culture and ideology, and again, that moral relativism that exists on both left and right that says America is inherently bad. What it leads to on the left is a call for mass migration. What it leads to on the right is the suggestion that we should never, ever stand up against people who hate the country if they hate the country in the right kind of way, which is a very strange proposition.


Now, the left are main proponents here. I mean, let's be clear, this is a fringe movement on the right. When I say horseshoe theory, you're talking about a fringe of the right and a vast bulk of the left. Okay? The left has been very forceful in its advocacy for mass migration. For example, democratic representative Maxwell Frost, he's calling for the mass amnesty of illegal immigrants in the United States. And to my Republican colleagues who say, I don't want any undocumented people in this country. I actually agree with you. So let's document every single one of them with a speedy path to citizenship. I mean, that is definitely one way of ending the illegal immigration problem is by pretending that they don't exist by handing them documents. We can also get rid of murder as a crime in the country by considering murder, not murder.


We can just hand them documents saying, Hey, murder isn't murder anymore, and then they're not murderers really cool. You just get rid of crimes by reclassifying the crimes. The only way to support this sort of thing, of course, this sort of mass amnesty proposition is to suggest there's nothing unique about America that needs to be protected. And again, you see this across the mainstream. Left Tim Walls was almost vice president of the United States. He was most recently spotted suggesting that China, the communist Chinese, ought to broker peace in the Middle East because America can't be trusted, which is about the greatest form of America whining I've seen recently. And he was asked about his anti-ice rhetoric, the fact that he's been going after immigrations and customs enforcement, and he won't say that he regrets that Governorate, do you regret calling ICE Asians to Gestapo?


Thanks so much. Appreciate it ahead of the La Rise. Do you regret that language? Thank you, appreciate And bye, catch you later. He, of course, had likened ice to the Gestapo. Governor, do you support the call to abolish ice Governor Walsh, mind your Business? No answer on abolishing ice. Okay, that is what the Democrats, why? Because in the end, they believe that there is nothing that must be protected about America. That the Great American principle on the left is that America ought not exist as a separate polity from the rest of the world, or America bears some sort of blood guilt for what it is, and thus must have an open border. That seems to be the principle, okay? And that lies behind much of the opposition to what the Trump administration is doing with ice.


So they, they're trying to misdirect this argument. They're trying to suggest that actually what's happening when the Trump administration enforces the law on immigration is some form of fascism, which again, is, is an amazing statement. So Karen Bass, the incompetent mayor of Los Angeles, she said that LA is being used as a test case for federal fascism because President Trump has sent in the National Guard in order to protect ice agents who are trying to enforce the law. I think it's no secret that there was tension between the governor and the president. And I, I just think it's so unfortunate that we were the test case for this, considering that we are a city of immigrants, considering that there are sectors of our economy that are completely dependent on immigrant labor.


And this was just not a problem before the raids took place. There were problems in LA once the raids happened, but they were problems that were completely manageable by local law enforcements. There was no reason for this drama. Okay, so I mean, let's just point out here a a few contradictions. One, she says their entire swaths of, of, of LA that are reliance on immigrant labor. Wait, doesn't that undercut your minimum wage arguments when you flood the labor market with cheap labor that is not regulated by law? Doesn't that undercut your whole argument that, that the wages are too low? In any case, the the notion that enforcing federal law is actually a violation of American principles, what would those principles be?


Precisely. Meanwhile, MSNBC's L and leader is calling ice agents the goon squad. Now, I think what is disturbing to so many Americans, as Rev said, you know, it's not the deportation of people that may be criminals, it is this sense of lawlessness from this kind of goon squad that seems to be emerging from ice and these sort of unnamed masked enforcers who are, you know, at rallies who are showing up and arresting people without warrants. I mean, the goon squad, by the way, you don't have to have a warrant to arrest somebody in public for violating the law. That's not how that works, just legally speaking. But this is bled up to the highest levels of the Democratic party. Elizabeth Warren was questioning Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, and asking would he send the Marines?


And again, the idea being that America is uniquely evil if we send Marines to protect ice agents in the pursuit of law enforcement, Secretary Hegseth. If the president wanted to deploy Marines to Chicago and New York City like he did in Los Angeles, would you carry out that order even if the local governors and mayors objected? Well, Senator, because Governor Newsom was unwilling to address, let's not question protecting federal law enforcement agents in Los Angeles. President Trump had all the authorities and the Defense Department happily supported defending our ice agents in the conduct of their job. They have the right as Americans to be able to do their job without being attacked by mobs.


I, and we will protect them in that process. I know you and if others states needed it, we would provide that. I know that you heard my questions, so you would be willing to send troops if the president ordered it to Chicago, New York City? That's right. Well, thankfully, New York City, unlike California, unlike Gavin Newsom is willing to step up and address the issue with their local law enforcement. I, I'll pick Again what she's asking there. I mean, hegseth should just say, yes, it does not require the local mayor or local governor to say yes to the National Guard being called out if there's been a violation of the Insurrection Act, for example, if the President invokes the insurrection, there are legal circumstances under which the President could do that.


But again, the basic notion here is that people should be willy-nilly allowed to violate the law. And there's a philosophy that undergirds that, which is the law itself is bad, and if you enforce the law, this makes you bad. You are a representative of this terrible American government that according to Whoopi Goldberg treats black Americans like Iran treats gay people or an American, an American government that treats illegal immigrants in the most horrific possible fashion. Again, this sort of perverse perspective on America has real consequences because you can't defend America if you don't like America at all. If you don't like America at all. What are you defending America from? This has been one of the signal features of the West for generations is this sort of self-loathing that has taken root in large parts of the left and certain corners of the right, this self-loathing that says that the West ought not defend it itself in any way, shape or form.


And, and they, and we can't defend ourselves because again, there's something deeply spiritually wrong with us. And whether you're claiming that spiritual ill stems from the use of atomic bombs at the end of World War ii, as some have, or whether you're suggesting that the deep spiritual ill stems from America's lack of care and and wonder at the, at the transing of the children, the result is the same. You can't defend America unless you actually believe in America. And unless you can name what it is that you believe about America, that is worth defending. Fairly simple principle. And yet unfortunately, it seems to escape a lot of people these days. Alrighty, coming up, the Supreme Court has decided that states can in fact, ban the transing of the children and left is super angry about all of it.


First, do you find yourself tossing and turning all my, constantly flipping your pillow to find the cool side If you or your partner are hot sleepers, summer nights can become a battle between exhaustion and overheating. That restless cycle of too hot, too cold, never quite right can leave you longing for the cool, comfortable sleep you deserve. With Bullet and branches bestselling per kale sheets, you'll finally get that cool sleep you have been craving. These aren't just any ordinary sheets. They're crafted with a special cooling weave using the finest 100% organic cotton that feels crisp and breathable against your skin. Even if you're the Sweatiest Sleeper in the house, you'll stay comfortably cool all night long. Here's the best part, you can try them risk free with their 30 night guarantee, no matter your bedroom style or mattress size. Boland branch has designs and colors to match perfectly. These all season sheets start with breathable, unmatched softness, and it only gets better with every single wash. Again, I love Boll and Branch. When I'm on the road, I literally bring bull and branch materials with me. That's how good they are. Feel the difference for yourself without any catches or commitments. If these sheets don't deliver your best night's sleep, simply return 'em for a complete refund, no questions asked. Feel the difference and extraordinary Night's Sleep can make. With Boll and Branch, get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at bullet and branch dot com slash ben. That's bull and branch B-O-L-L-A, ND branch dot com slash ben to save 15% exclusions apply to cite forward details.


Also, you're probably great at protecting your personal information using strong passwords. Two factor authentication. Here's the reality. No matter how careful you are, your information exists in countless databases. You can't actually control companies, medical offices, government agencies, they'll have pieces of your personal data. They might not be protecting it the same way that you would be. That is where LifeLock comes in. They monitor millions of data points every second watching for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a US based LifeLock restoration specialist will handle the recovery process on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all plans include their million dollar protection package reimbursing you up to your plans limits. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how others handle your info. You can't help protect yourself with LifeLock. Producer Phil and his wife. They have LifeLock. They're feeling a lot more secure because they know their information is not compromised. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK. Use promo code Ben or go to LifeLock dot com slash ben for 40% off. Again, that's 1-800-LIFELOCK. Use promo code Ben or head on over to LifeLock dot com slash ben for 40% off Terms apply. Make your life more secure with our friends at LifeLock.


Okay, meanwhile, as we mentioned yesterday, big victory for Matt Walsh, The Daily Wire, the state of Tennessee over at the Supreme Court. As we reported yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that Tennessee can indeed ban transing of the children. One. One of the things that's, that I think is most astonishing about this case is not actually the decision. The thing that may be the most astonishing about the case is the dissent. In this particular case, the dissent is totally wild because what the dissent suggests is that if it had not been for President Trump, the Democrats would've been able to appoint a Supreme Court majority that says that it's illegal for a state to actually prevent the genital and hormonal mutilation of children.


That is the position of justice. Sonya Soto Meor in her descent. She suggests, quote, today, the court considers a Tennessee law that categorically prohibits doctors from prescribing certain medications to adolescents if and only if they'll help a patient identify with or live as a purported identity inconsistent with the minor's sex. Tennessee's law expressly classifies on the basis of sex and transgender status. So the constitution and settled precedent require the court to subject it to intermediate scrutiny. The majority contorts logic and precedent to say otherwise inexplicably declaring it must uphold tenancy's categorical ban on lifesaving medical treatment. So long as any reasonably conceivable state of facts might justify it.


It Thus, the majority subjects say law that plainly discriminates on the basis of sex to rational basis. Review in sadness I descend, says Justice Sonya Sotomayor so much sadness, so much sadness. And then she proceeds to cite a bunch of horrible social science that is incorrect. Consider the parents who tell a teen Tennessee pediatrician, their teenage child has been experiencing an unwanted but medically benign buildup. A breast gland tissue, again, the pediatrician's next move depends on the patient's sex identified male at birth. SV one allows the physician to prescribe hormones to reduce the buildup of such tissue, but a child identified as female as birth experiencing the same or more distress must be denied the same prescription.


That's, she says, that's discrimination, that if you're a girl and you want hormones to suppress your actual sex development, that that is in some way that same as a boy who wants to suppress the development of breast tissue. That those need to be treated in the same exact way. And the, the majority in this case was six three. It is certainly possible that if it had not been for the election of Donald Trump, you would have a five four majority in favor of the left on this. And that is really an astonishing, astonishing thing. Chuck Schumer was trying to suggest that this decision was really awful and I, I hope that Democrats own this.


I really, really do. Here's Chuck Schumer, senate minority leader Once again, ripping into the Supreme Court. You know this, this Supreme Court seems to have forgotten that one of their jobs is to protect individual rights and protect individuals from being discriminated against. It's an awful decision. Hmm, awful, awful. Again, I hope that every Democrat embraces the Chuck sch reposition. I really do. I hope desperately that every single Democrat embraces that position and owns it because the American people do not agree with it. Matt Walsh on this show yesterday correctly suggested that the Republicans should now push forward federal legislation that bans the transing of the minors across the board, linking federal funding to non-trans of the minors and such.


And presumably Democrats would have to filibuster it good, good force them to filibuster, force them to own this insane position. Democrats are so out of touch on these particular positions and forcing them to actually own it would be obviously the correct decision by Republicans of all stripes. Okay, meanwhile, the situation continues to percolate with regard to Israel and Iran. Yesterday, the Israeli military continued to strike a variety of Iranian positions, including the Iranian heavy water reactor in Iraq, as well as what it describes as the site used for the development of nuclear weapons in the city of Naans. According to the Wall Street Journal, Israelis military told people to evacuate the central Iranian cities of Iraq and k ahead of the strike.


This is what they've been doing. One of the, of the things that's been under noticed about this war is that Israel has completely devastated the Iranian military positions. Air defense positions, nuclear reactors, military positions. They have killed a minimum number of people, like truly a minimum number of people, like a couple hundred of people have died and their, they're virtually all military targets because Israel has Once again been warning its enemies except for when it's hitting a missile launch or right after, or right before it fires. So for all the people claiming that Israel is, is a genocidal state intent on the mutilation and murder of hundreds of thousands of people, I, I would like to see like one shred of evidence of that would be incredible as opposed to what they actually are. One of the most targeted militaries in world history. What Israel is doing is historically successful.


Now, meanwhile, the Iranians continue to simply fire missiles into heavily populated areas. Yesterday the Iranians fired a missile at a hospital in the south of Israel. Miraculously they happened to hit an abandoned building. So Israel had actually evacuated this old surgical center the day before. So there was no one in the surgical center when it took a direct hit from an Iranian missile. It was the Bir Sheba Soroka medical Center. Guido, the foreign minister, said the Iranian regime to deliberately target civilians, it's committing war crimes and has no red lines. There is also a kindergarten yard that was hit in the last Iranian barrage and Israel's been shooting down the vast majority of these counterstrikes from Iran along with its allies.


Iran continues to pursue a war end that that really does not seem tethered to reality in any way, shape or form. President Trump has said to Iran, listen, you want this to stop? Very simple. Just give up your nuclear program. That's it. That's the whole thing. Now again, president Trump has been clear about this since 2011. It is amazing to me how many people on the right seem to believe that President Trump shifted his position? No, maybe you did, but he didn't. In 2011, he was tweeting out that Barack Obama should get out of the way and let Israel do what it needed to do against the Iranian nuclear facilities. Well, again, president Trump continues to play this masterfully Yesterday he did. He yet had another press conference in which he said, listen, there's not gonna be a nuclear weapon in Iran.


That's how this works. Well, I don't want to get involved either, but I've been saying for 20 years, maybe longer, that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. I've been saying it for a long time and I think they were a few weeks away from having one and they had to sign a document. I think they wish they signed it Now it was a fair deal and now it's a harder thing to sign. You know, it's a lot of water over the dam. But you know, it's very, I I say it very simply, A rent can't have a nuclear weapon. Too much devastation and they'd use it, you know, I believe they'd use it. Okay, well, again, that happens to be a perspective shared by some 80% of Americans that the Iranians should not have a nuclear weapon and that if they had a nuclear weapon, they would try to use it against Israel.


When people say they want to kill you, you probably should at the very least believe them. Okay? President Trump was asked what exactly he's looking for. His answer was victory. He said, I was going back home to make a ceasefire, not a ceasefire. We're long beyond ceasefire. And I said, why do you say that? Why would you say ceasefire? It's a bad term to use. 'cause a ceasefire means like everything's going swimmingly. We'll take a little time off. It's not, we're not looking for a ceasefire. We're looking for a total complete victory. Now again, Iran could simply do this. Iran could today come out and say, listen, the Americans can come in. They can blow up Florida from like on the ground. We'll have inspectors from the United States to oversee the dismantling of our nuclear program.


And then everything is hunky dory for them. No one has been calling for regime change as the actual goal here. The goal is the denuclearization of Iran. Period, end of story. That can happen with the AYAs in power. It can happen with the AYAs out of power. None of this, by the way, implies a heavy nation building effort and all the people who are being intellectually dishonest suggesting that anyone mainstream has been calling for the full scale occupation of Iran with like hundreds of thousands of American troops, is lying to you and has been lying to you. That was never a war goal of either the Israelis. The, the population of Israel is less than 10 million. It's 1500 miles from Iran. What do you think the Israelis are going to occupy Iran, a country of 91 million people.


That is, that's what they're, or America is interested in occupying. Like who are you talking about? You're talking about President Trump who explicitly campaigned in 2016 against the Iraq war and the occupation of Iraq. Who are you even talking about? Who are you talking to? The answer is you're talking to no one. You're talking to yourselves. You're setting up a straw man in order to somehow make a couple of bunker busters dropped on Florida, akin in some bizarre way to the full scale occupation for 20 years of Iraq. You're gonna do better than that. That is a particularly crappy argument because it is not an argument that has anything to do with reality. The only people backing off their positions these days, as I see it, are the people who five minutes ago were suggesting World War III was gonna break out if Israel struck the Iranian nuclear reactors and who have now backed into the position of saying, well, you know, if President Trump allows Israel to do what they're doing or does a does a strike, really?


We didn't back off our positions. You did 'cause you wanted full scale regime change with occupation on the ground. No one was ever saying that. No one really, it's pretty amazing. Okay, president Trump says, you know, you keep saying this is gonna end slowly, maybe it'll end very quickly. Again, this is, Trump is not a person who wishes to engage in nation building. He is not, I don't know where, and his position's been very clear for, for decades. No nuclear weapon destroy the nuclear facilities. That's it. Has President Trump ever suggested that he wants a full scale occupation of Iran? If so, when? Please name the time he's been consistent. You have not. End of story.


I did ask Tucker, I said, well, are you okay with nuclear weapons being in the hands of Iran? And he sort of didn't like that. He didn't want to really, but he sort of didn't like that. And I said, well, if it's, if it's okay with you, then you and I do have a difference, but it's really not okay with him. Therefore you may have to fight and maybe it'll end and maybe it'll end very quickly, but there's no way that you can allow whether you have to fight or not, you can allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon because the entire world will blow up. So I mean, again, that seems like a very simple answer to what is a very stupid question when, when President Trump says, is the world better off with an Iranian nuclear weapon or not?


That is a proposition that 80% of Americans agree with that, that Iran should not go nuclear. Period. End of story. That's the whole thing. And when asked President Trump said, my supporters are for me. Like anybody who's suggesting, there's like a fundamental break here. There's no fundamental break. Have you seen the Tucker Carlson Senator Ted Cruz interview? It seems like this issue on whether or not the United States should strike as kind of divided a lot of your supporters. No, my supporters are. For me, my supporters are America first. They make America great again. My supporters don't want to see Iran have a nuclear weapon.


Tucker's a nice guy. He called and apologized the other day. Okay, well again, if President Trump is telling the truth there, which I assume he is kind of an astonishing move for Tucker Carlson to call and apologize and good for Tucker for calling and apologizing.


Alrighty, coming up, the Democrats are in serious, serious trouble. I'll explain precisely why. First, here's something that will blow your mind. Over 85% of the grass fed beef in your grocery store, it's imported. Yep. From overseas where they have completely different safety standards than we do here in the United States. And that's exactly why people in my office are switching on over to Good Ranchers. Look, people in my office are grilling every weekend this summer, and they wanna know exactly where their meat is coming from. At Good Ranchers dot com, every single cut, whether it's beef, chicken, or pork, is 100% born or raised, harvested right here in the United States from local family farms, no antibiotics ever. No added hormones, no seed oils, just pure clean American meat. Here's the best part, they deliver it straight to your door. No more wondering if you're getting quality meat at the grocery store. No more long lines. Again, producer savvy, she has a big, big boy, okay? He's a little, little kid, big boy. He loves the meat from Good Ranchers. This kid is growing at like three times the normal rate because of Good Ranchers. If you subscribe to any Good Ranchers box, you get your choice of free meat for life. I'm talking free Wagyu burgers, hot dogs, bacon, chicken wings in every single box for as long as you're subscribed. Plus, when you use my code, Ben and Good Ranchers dot com, you'll save an extra 40 bucks off your order. Right now is the perfect time to start making your summer barbecues more high quality and more convenient. Head over to Good Ranchers dot com. Use my code Ben for that. $40 off and free meat for life. Good Ranchers, American Meat delivered.


We got some more on this in moment. First, you know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is great. It could probably be a little better. Guess what? It can let me tell you how to make shooting more fun, safer, just overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you're missing out. Trust me. Once you shoot suppressed, you're not gonna wanna shoot Unsuppressed again. That's where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure your shooting experience is awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer so you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year invest in a suppressor and completely upgrade your shooting experience? The best part, silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all of the paperwork so you actually don't have to. With their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started in minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit silencer shop dot com slash shapiro, turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. Again, silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro.


President Trump continues to maintain. Maybe he'll strike, maybe he won't. That is his prerogative as president. It's a shame it wasn't, could have been done the easy way. Do you think the regime there could fool? Sure. Anything could happen, right? Of that shit That could happen, yeah. Now again, president Trump is not calling for the regime to fall. He's not suggesting that he even wants to topple the regime. He's saying if the bombing continues, the regime could fall, which obviously is true. The Israelis actually hacked Iranian TV and they put in footage of Iranian women being able to cut their hair and all of the rest. They've been killing many of the chiefs of police in major cities around Iran in order to get rid of the possibility of Iranian troops shooting people in the streets.


If they decide that they no longer want, the IOL is there, but any sort of movement to get rid of the AYA is going to have to be domestically led. It's gonna have to be led by the population of Iran. Again, the sole goal here for both Israel and the United States is the denuclearization of Iran. Meanwhile, AYA Khomeini, he keeps saying over and over and over that Iran is not going to surrender. He said, quote, the Iranian nation stands firm against an imposed war. First of all, we should point out the Iranian nation is not represented by the Iranian government. Okay? The Iranian government is in fact a dictatorship that does not give a crap about its people and shoots them in the streets if they oppose it. He says, the Iranian nation stands firm against an imposed war just as it will stand firm against an imposed peace. And this nation will not surrender to anyone in the face of imposition.


Intelligent people who know Iran, the Iranian nation and its history will never speak to this nation in threatening language because the Iranian nation will not surrender. And the Americans should know that any US military intervention will undoubtedly cause irreparable harm to them. Okay, so here we should deal with the possibility of what Iran could do in response, right? Because you can certainly have a calibrated discussion about risks and rewards when it comes to military action. Israel has done an extraordinary job of taking out the missile launchers in Iran. Iran has terror groups in places like Iraq. Theoretically, they could fire on US military bases in Iraq. President Trump has been evacuating military personnel from places like Iraq and places like Syria in the expectation that if he should decide to drop a couple of moabs on Fordo, that possibly Iran would activate some of those terrorist groups to to fire on American basis.


Now, that would be the stupidest move Ayatollah Khomeini ever made. Let's be clear about that. If the ayatollah decided that in response to the bombing of his nuclear facility he was going to launch full scale assaults on American troops, he would be dead by mourning. It is that simple. He would be dead and there is no leadership structure to pick up the pieces afterward. So if he wants his regime to actually end, that would be an amazing way of making sure that his regime actually ends. That'd be effectively a suicide pact if he legitimately attempted a full scale attack on American installations or American military personnel. But President Trump is being careful. He of course wants to protect American lives as is his duty. And so he has been, for example, shifting around troops. Apparently at Al Aluded airbase in Qatar, he's been moving American personnel out of Syria.


He's essentially clearing the ground so that if America decides to use a B two and take out four oh that there won't be anything coming the other way, which again, is smart of the president of the United States. And I think enough of a deterrent exists that even if President Trump decided not to do it, it would still make sense because the reality is that it would certainly not be in the Ayatollah's interest to go further in this war. Once Fordo is gone, he then has nothing to bargain with at that point. What's amazing about all of this is that if Iran came to the table and just gave up its nuclear program, the regime likely survives at least in some form for a couple of more years. Instead, he seems to be accelerating his own demise by taking these sort of InTransition stands.


President Trump offered him every way out for months, for literally two months. He offered him a way out and the would not take it. Okay, what's the possibility of other Iranian response? As we talked about yesterday on the show? Theoretically, Iran could activate its terrorist friends around the world to attack Americans or Jews or Europeans or whomever. That's always a possibility. Iran can do that at any time. Does that mean that the United States, for example, should have left ISIS in place because there were ISIS associated people who engaged in terrorist attacks? When we say broadly speaking in the West, that we should not negotiate with terrorists, what we mean is that if you can be turd, deterred from taking out full scale terrorist groups by the possibility that terrorist groups are going to do bad thing, you've lost already.


There's no purpose to having an American military, for example, if the basic idea is that Iran can at any time activate a terrorist cell and therefore we should allow them to go nuclear. And this is why President Trump is so clear, he's so clear on this and his clarity is so refreshing. He, he has one agenda and one agenda only. He says it over and over and over again for decades. No nuclear Iran. Period. End of story. That's the agenda. And the reality is that if you are at the head of the world's most powerful military, and if you don't even have the ability to stop the Iranian nuclear program, once the Israelis have already taken out all of the advanced weaponry taken out, all of the air defense systems destroyed on the ground, the top layers of the Iranian military ripped apart 90% of the Iranian nuclear facilities.


If the United States does not have the capacity, this is a capacity or courage question. How the hell do you hope to deter China from taking over Taiwan? Seriously, that's a, that's an actual military challenge. You wanna stop China from taking over Taiwan in credible ways. Well, at some point you might have to actually sign into chat and demonstrate that our threats are credible. Can you imagine a world in which the United States can be put off of ending the Iranian nuclear program by Iran saying things while they're lying defenseless at the feet of the Israeli government and the Israeli military? You know, what would our enemies take away from that? That is a real concern. If you believe, as I do that Joe Biden is cowardly ridiculous pull out from Afghanistan led full scale to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. And that the reason Russia never invaded Ukraine under Donald Trump is because they were afraid of Donald Trump.


Which is, I think true people have to remain afraid of you. And that means that you have to credibly be able to threaten the use of force again. There has never been a, a, a clearer time when the American use of military force seems to be so results effective and so low risk. Now I get doesn't mean no risk. Of course there's risk in any military operation. Of course there's risk of of blow back and, and people responding. Of course that's true. But the United States has had, is a central goal both Democrat and Republican for decades, the non-nuclear Iran, that that has been a goal of foreign policy in the United States for decades.


If after Israel clears all the ground, you can't take a B two and hit with a couple of moabs. If you're deterred, how in the world do you expect to deter China? How do you expect to deter Russia had you expect to deter anyone? That is a serious credibility question. Now, one of the other sort of concerns that's been raised is what happens if Ayatollah Khomeini falls, right? The Wall Street Journal points out that Irans and battle leaders have found themselves in an existential struggle domestically to protect nearly a half century of rule as Israel pounds. The military government and population, the US and Israel have made it clear that even Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khomeini could be a target President Trump himself posted on social media quote, we know exactly where the so-called supreme leader is hiding.


He's an easy target, but is safe there. We are not going to take him out kill, at least not for now. Now, what if the regime were to fall? What if the regime were to collapse? I mean, first of all, it is amazing what Israel has been able to accomplish here. If you look at like a chart of the people at the top of the Iranian structure who have been killed, it includes the chief of staff of the armed forces, the commander of Hat al at central headquarters, the IRGC Commander in chief, the IRGC Aerospace Force Commander, the IRG Surface to Surface Missile Array commander, the IRGC, aerospace Force, aerial Unit commander, the IRGC aerospace force, UAV force commander, the IRGC intelligence chief, the IRGC, deputy Intelligence Chief, the IRGC, KUDs Force Intelligence Chief, and the IRGC KS Force Deputy Intelligence Chief.


That's who Israel has killed over the course of the last week. The only living members left of the entire regime essentially are the supreme leader as well as the IRGC includes Force Commander. That's it. That's the whole list. Okay, so the question at this point becomes what happens next? Now, I know that a lot of people who are concerned about what happens next, I don't think that's our business. I actually don't. I I'm of the Angelo Coda Villa View. I know Angelo Coda Villa is a professor at Claremont and he used to say one of the big mistakes about Afghanistan and Iraq was not deposing Saddam Hussein. The problem in Iraq is that we disbanded the, the Iraqi military and then got in the way of whatever rebuilding was supposed to happen.


And he said, with regards to Afghanistan, the problem was not deposing the Taliban. The problem was we then decided to involve ourselves in nation building as opposed to just knocking over the Taliban and whatever happens, next happens, and then if We don't like the next leader, we knock him out too. And if it requires that every so often we go in and we kill their leadership, okay, you can do that too. Okay, to protect America, this is what you do. And it doesn't require long-term occupations. I think that that is actually a fairly realist point of view when it comes to American foreign policy. You do what you have to do to protect American interest for the foreseeable future. And that does not mean long-term nation building prospects. But there is this bizarre idea that is set in, in the aftermath of Iraq and Afghanistan, that all regime change is inherently bad.


Now some regime change is bad. For example, I don't think that Libyans toppling mufi was a good thing for the United States, and I opposed it at the time. I did not think that the fall of Mubarak in Egypt to the Muslim Brotherhood was a good thing. However, are we supposed to pretend that all regime change is, is bad? Literally all? Because if the idea is that whatever chaos follows in the wake of a regime, change is always worse than a regime change, you're now making a case for the status quo for every evil dictatorship on the planet. This is a point made by the Israeli ambassador to the United States, Chris, we're not in the business of regime change. I said that if as a result of our self-defense, the people rise up, which they've done repeatedly, the problem is that this regime of tyrants has shot them in the back.


You know, you know, there's 15,000 political prisoners imprisoned by the Ayatollahs in, in Tehran. So we're very, very clear with our objective, and that's to prevent a nuclear Iran. If as a re, as a result of our activities, the Iranian people find the opportunity to race towards freedom instead of a nuclear bomb, then so be it. And we will have done something good for humanity. Okay? As Lidar points out, you know, the, the idea that all regime change is bad, well, I mean, the bringing down Hezbollah and Lebanon has led to a better Lebanese government. The bringing down of Assad has led to the rise of an HTS government, which is still questionable in a lot of serious ways, but a government that is significantly friendlier to President Trump and the United States, president Trump himself will say so, and that's just in the last year or so.


Not every regime change is bad, and nation building is not required. There is no clue that if you break it, you bought it, is the idea that you can never go to war with any country at all because you have some sort of vested interest in that country. Remaining as it is. Was regime change bad in Nazi Germany or Japan was regime preservation in South Korea? A bad thing was regime change Good in Vietnam, right? Like every case is different. Every case is different. And the best thing you can do in foreign policy is avoid the, the most bad outcome. And right now, the most bad outcome is the AYAs with a bomb. That's it. That's the worst outcome. Avoiding that outcome is the key here.


If the AYAs fall and there's no bomb, that is still a better outcome than AYAs with a bomb. Okay? That, that, that I think is the foreign policy of the United States and should be the foreign policy of the West more broadly. Now, meanwhile, Democrats, of course, are siding with that horseshoe theory, right? And suggesting that this is just terrible, that that everything that's happening in the Middle East is terrible right now, the denuclearization of Iran by fours is terrible Democratic Senator Welch, he is, is trying from Vermont. Okay? Again, if you find yourself in solidarity with Bernie Sanders on foreign policy, let me suggest that you're doing it wrong. Senator Peter Welch of Vermont, who is again, a Bernie Sanders type Democrat from Vermont.


He says, we should be taking care of America for sounding very much like some of the voices on the horseshoe theory, right? Do we wanna get engaged in Netanyahu's policy when there's no restraining? What he ultimately will do, we should be taking care of America first. Now, again, I don't know what that means in this particular context. I also agree that we should be taking care of America first. We are doing that with like trillions of dollars a year. I'm confused as to how taking out the Iranian nuclear program with one bombing run is somehow equivalent to not paying attention to America's problems. Should we disband the American military? Generally speaking? I mean, this is a real ideological question.


Should we disband the Amer? What is the military for? Should we disband it? We spend trillions of dollars a year on it. Should we just disband it utterly because after all, all those dollars could be used for social security or whatever. Is that the goal? Like what, what is the goal here? What is, what is the end state that you seek? Do you view American foreign policy as important in any way, shape, or form? And as far as the idea of the United States is tethered to whatever Benjamin Netanyahu says or does in Iran, how so? Truly I want, I wanna understand that. Please explain to me how, let's say that, that Benjamin Netanyahu decided he wanted a full scale American invasion of Iran. You think President Trump goes for that? Are you outta your mind?


Okay, first of all, Netanyahu has not called for that. If he did, you think Trump goes for that? Benjamin Netanyahu apparently wanted to go after Ron months ago, and President Trump was not particularly friendly toward it. Did the United States go along with all of that? They, they all, all, all of these are straw men. They're just burning straw men. Democratic Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, he's now suggesting that Netanyahu's decision to launch a war against Iran is threatening American's safety. So I guess his suggestion is that America is safer with the Aya tolls with the bomb. Mr. Secretary, as the chairman has said, this is a dangerous moment as we speak.


Missiles are striking cities across Israel and Iran threatening to ignite a regional war. There should be no doubt that for the safety of the United States and the rest of the world, Iran cannot acquire a nuclear weapon. However, prime Minister Netanyahu's decision to preemptively launch a war with Iran against the urging of the President, threatens the stability of the entire region and the safety of American stationed there. Okay? So again, the idea here from this Adultish Cloudish Democrat is that somehow taking out the nuclear facilities is bad. Trust the Iranians. Okay, well, president Trump does not, president Trump has made clear his perspective and trying to cite things in the name of President Trump that he has not said and is not saying is a hell of a move again.


Listen, there are times when I disagree with President Trump on this program. It's not infrequent, but I'm not trying to speak in his name. What, what, what does President Trump really mean? What does President Trump really trying to say? He's saying exactly what he wants to say. He's doing exactly what he wants to do. He's not being manipulated from the outside and sort of perverse perspective is, is very, very silly in the extreme. Meanwhile, the United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guerre called for an immediate deescalation leading to a ceasefire, because of course he did. Of course he did. Has there ever been an evil power on planet earth? The United Nations will not stand for the United Nations is the most isolate of international politics, a wretched hive of scum and villainy, and this is what they are.


That is not a shock at all. One of the many reasons why I hope that before President Trump leaves office during his second term, I hope that President Trump leaves the un, just cuts it dead. It is the worst organization. It is a trash organization. You wanna talk about wasting billions of dollars a year. If we're cutting U-S-A-I-D, we should just cut the un completely. What a joke that organization is truly. Well, meanwhile, the Democrats are in trouble. According to the New York Times, the DNC is in chaos and desperate for cash. Oh, sad things happening. Just months into the tenure of a new party leader, Ken Martin, the DNC has grown so bleak. Top officials have discussed whether they might need to borrow money this year to keep paying the bills, fundraising for major donors, some of whom that Mr. Martin has still not spoken with, has slowed sharply.


At the same time, he's expanded the party's financial commitments to every state, even to Guam. Fellow democrats are grumbling that Martin, who quietly accepted a raise after taking the post, has been badly distracted by internal battles so far. They say he's been unable to help unite his party against Republicans who control the federal government. So they have a, a really, really big problem over at the DNC. So given the fact that there was a bare knuckles fight for the chairmanship, Martin has been pushing allies. His enemies are mad. They're walking out because the giant grab bag of cash, but not anymore. I guess all the, all the cash is gone. Six people briefed on the party's fundraising. According to the New York Times, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss its finances, frankly said big donors had been very slow to give to the party this year.


As Martin Solicits contributions, his commitment to state parties, which amounts to a million bucks in monthly spending, has further strained the finances. So it appears the Democrats may now be in the position of having to borrow money in order to pay their bills, very much like their, their fiscal policy, which is exciting, exciting stuff. Meanwhile, I'm gonna keep an eye on this New York City mayoral race because if New York turns to this psychotic socialistic, spoiled brat, man child Momani the New York State representative who held a real job for about 2.7 seconds as the privileged scion of a Columbia University professor and a Hollywood director before his theatrical run for mayor of, of New York, if they elect this guy, I'm gonna enjoy watching New York City meltdown.


Truly like you get what you deserve. I'm very much on board again with the HL Mankin idea that democracy is the theory that the people get what they vote for, good and hard. If you vote for Zoran moms handyman and your entire tax base fleas, then good luck to you New York. Truly we'll welcome all of your rich people down to Florida, increasing our tax base. Sounds great. Bill Ackman says, it only takes a handful of successful people to lead to decimate the city's tax base. Well, that's true. That is true. Okay. Meanwhile, Zarin Momani, who again, has engaged with every anti-Semitic group he can find, tweeted in 2020, that queer liberation means free Palestine, which is a very weird statement.


This person who has Ched, globalized the Intifada and, and then suggested that Israel does not have a right to exist as a Jewish state. Now he's crying about it. This is where we are. This is the person you guys are thinking about electing. Mayor of New York, this one. A man who fakes tears, honest to goodness, the fake tears. I, I can't deal with that at all. It it is unmanly. Hey, it's unmanly. It just is. There are good reasons to cry. Your parents died, your dog got hit by a car, something bad's happening to your kids. Like those are real reasons to cry. You know, it's not a reason to cry. Someone called you an anti-Semite when it turns out you're kind of an antisemite. Here's Zorn Momani faking tears.


I get messages that say The only good Muslim is a dead Muslim. No, you don't show Up. I guess threats on my life, on the, on the people that I love. And I try not to talk about it because the function of racism, as Tony Morrison said, is distraction. My focus has always been on making this a city that's affordable, on making this a city that every New Yorker sees themselves in. And it takes a toll because this is a city that every single person deserves to be in. It's a city that we all belong to.


And the thing that's made me proudest in this campaign, Ize Man yeah, Is that the strength of our movement is built on our ability to have built something across Jewish and Muslim, new Yorkers, across New Yorkers of all faiths and all backgrounds in all boroughs. And antisemitism is such a real issue in the city, and it has been hard to see it weaponized by candidates Weaponized Who do not seem to have any sincere interest in tackling, oh My gosh, world Rather using it as a pretext to make political points. Oh my God, oh my God, this is the one you want.


Really? This is, this is what you want in New York. Fake Christ. It's, it's anti-Semitism has been weaponized, not by my friends who hate Jews, but but by people who say that antisemitism is bad and that I'm one of them. That it, it's so, oh, oh, it's so sad. You know what I need? I need a mashup. At some point, editors, I'm calling upon you. I need a mashup of all the Democrats fake crying from Bill Clinton. Fake crying to Gavin Newsom. Fake crying. Is it like a Republican thing? I don't remember a lot of Republicans doing the, has Donald Trump ever come close to crying publicly? I do not think that he has, like ever. Not once as far as I'm aware, but it seems like every Democrat, it's like part of the rehearsal process. Can you cry on Go cry? Let's see some tears. Boy, let's do it.


Like what, what, what are we even talking about? It's like every single Democrat, every major Democrat has to do the, I'm, I'm, I'm so saddened. Oh, the tears Bill calling up. Honestly, the, the only, the only man I know who can fake cry on command is Matt Walsh. And that's because Matt is kind of an actor, right? I mean, like, he actually tried to do it an anti-racist, I believe, and it was pretty effective. But he's the only one. I don't know anyone else. It's like amazing. These, these are the people, these are the ones the Democrats have chosen. Okay, well, good luck with that. Well, meanwhile, the Democrats boycotted a hearing yesterday over the coverup of Joe Biden's mental decline.


Again, one of the great scandals in American history, Republicans have been holding a Senate hearing on this Senate Democrats stage in your total boycott of a Republican led Senate hearing on Wednesday on Joe Biden's mental decline and it's alleged coverup during his presidency. According to the Guardian, the only senator who attended was Peter Welch of Vermont, who again is very bored. There's nothing happening in Vermont. They've got like some cows and some grass and that's it. So he is like, okay, you know, I'll show up. But everyone else was like not showing up. The hearing was titled Unfit to Serve How the Biden Coverup Endangered America and Undermined at the Constitution. It began with the Democratic ranking member, Dick Durbin launching a counter attack on President Trump's off kilter cums before walking out of the chamber. Yes, they must walk out. Durban said, if we're gonna make a question of cognitive ability, I think we can, should, I think we should consider what happened in Alberta, Canada just this week.


And then he tried to claim that President Trump is mentally unfit. Okay, I'm, this is not gonna work for you guys. Really? It's not gonna work for you. Marsha Blackburn, Senator from Tennessee. She's like, you know, good try guys, but you're trying to avoid culpability for covering up the fact that the president of the United States was brain dead for a couple of years. There is not gonna work. I'm on my way down to Judiciary committee. We have a hearing on who was really in charge at the White House while Joe Biden was president, who had that auto pen. What was happening with his help then, you know, I think the Democrats are already throwing the towel in on this one. They didn't even call a witness.


It's going to be interesting. Stay tuned. So it will be interesting, and I, I hope to see what Democrats have to say about who knew what, when, when it came to our brain dead non-functional president. It's just an amazing thing that that is a real thing that happened in American life and we're not even paying attention to it anymore. Like this is how fast the news moves. Now, we had a president who was legitimately non-functional for two full years. We have no idea who the actual president of the United States was, and it may have been his formerly Coke Aled son and his, his wife. I have descriptors for her, but I'll leave them out. And somehow that is not like we move beyond it. We're, we're pa goodness gracious.


The the timeline is too fast at this point. And meanwhile, on the economy, Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve, as expected yesterday, said that he would not be lowering the interest rates. He says we have to hold off and see what's gonna happen with the tariffs. And what we're waiting for to reduce rates is, is to understand what will happen with, with really the tariff inflation. And there's a lot of uncertainty about that. Every forecaster you can name who you know, who is a professional, you know, forecaster with, with adequate resources and forecast for a living is forecasting a, you know, pretty significant. Everyone that I know is forecasting a meaningful increase in inflation in coming months from tariffs because someone has to pay for the tariffs.


Well, I mean, he's right about that, but we'll have to see what happens with the tariffs. President Trump, of course, wants the inflation to come down. He also wants the interest rates to come down. President Trump seems to be now negotiating off ramps with regard to these tariffs. I very much of course hope that he does because I think that if he does, and if we leave a significant tariff on China and reshape the world economy, and if he continues to credibly pursue the kinds of policies he's, he's currently pursuing on foreign policy, meaning boxing in China, credible threats of military force when necessary, and all the rest, if he does all of that, then we are looking at a very solid economy going forward. Foreign policy and domestic policy intertwine here. If you want free shipping lanes, if you wanna ensure that nefarious foreign powers can undermine the global economy and global currencies, you do have to flex at some point.


And by the way, one of the things that is happening with regard to Iran here that's actually quite important is the breaking of a couple of bizarre complexes that the United States has engaged in for a while. One is the Iraq War complex, which is the idea that anytime America involves itself, anywhere militarily, it turns into Iraq, which is not true, sort of the equivalent of the Vietnam War complex that dominated America from the end of the Vietnam War to the Gulf War for about 16 years. And then secondly, if President Trump does in fact take out Fordo or if the Israelis finish taking out fordo, whatever it is, the idea that nuclear negotiations are the way to end a nuclear threat, that obviously goes by, goes by the wayside as well.


Incredible military threats are reassured, which is a, a very, very good thing. Now, speaking by the way of the economy, it is worth noting that according to a new report released on Wednesday, social Security and Medicare will run out of money in less than a decade. If Congress does not overhaul the program's financing automatic cuts will slash Social Social Security benefits by 23%. Medicare Hospital benefits by 11% in 2033. Now, realistically, is that any of that gonna happen? Now, of course not. The federal government is just gonna borrow more money is what's actually going to happen until we can't borrow money anymore. And that is the big question. How long can we borrow the money? This is a bipartisan problem. This is not unique to President Trump.


It is not unique to the Democrats. Everyone has been kicking the can down the road on the entitlements, pretending away all the problems. There it is, the ticking time bomb underneath the American economy. At some point, someone is gonna have to do something about it. Alright, folks, the show is continuing for our members right now. Coming up, the Pope is questioning the problems with AI plus, what's the problem with screens? Is it the screens themselves, screen time itself or something else? Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become member. Use Code Shapiro. Check out for two months free on online new plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Time for a quick break to talk about McDonald's thirsty for the most refreshing refreshment the world has ever known. For just $2, you can sip a small frappe smoothie or frozen carbonated beverage. That's right, ice cold liquid elation for just $2. Pair it with a $3 sausage McMuffin with egg or a crispy chicken biscuit. For the ultimate satisfaction, price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer.