
Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.


Well folks, we are about to see a market explosion in the western world if capitalism is re-embraced and that looks like that is about to happen.


First, if you haven't heard, our best deal of the year is happening right now, get 50% off new annual memberships, no code at necessary, go to DailyWire dot com slash Black Friday to join right now.


Well, the reality is that in the United States, as in most Western countries, the debt levels are reaching the unsustainable or have already surpassed the unsustainable. The amount of national debt currently carried by the United States is verging on $37 trillion. That means that the interest that we pay on the national debt will soon if it is not already exceed the defense budget every single year into the foreseeable future. And most of that debt is driven by welfare programs, means tested welfare programs, badly structured welfare programs, entitlement programs like Medicaid, Medicare, social security, and all of those programs are the systemic drivers of debt in the Western world. There are only two possible solutions to that and both have to be applied at once.


One is serious restructuring and cuts to spending programs in the United States, and the other is you have to unleash the power of the market so as to be increasing the size of the economy because if you increase the size of the pie, that means larger tax revenue intake and that means that you can afford more things on a governmental level. The reason I bring this up is because what we were set for under Joe Biden and under his possible successors was a period of sustained economic stagnation in the United States. Before inflation set in, Joe Biden and his team had put out a prospectus on what American GDP growth would look like over the course of the next decade. And essentially they forecast it would come in at lower than 2% from here until as far as the eye can see.


That is not enough growth to sustain the sort of spending programs that the United States has been undertaking for decades at this point. Something serious needed to change. Well, if you look back in history, what you will see is that very often these sort of ideological precursors to shifts in the United States happen elsewhere. So to take an economic example, maybe the most famous economic example, back in the 1970s, Chile was run by a dictator named Pinoche. Pinoche called in a bunch of supply side economists from the so-called Chicago School of Economics. They were called the Chicago Boys. There were devotees of Milton Friedman, the libertarian economist, and Milton Friedman was then asked about what happened in Chile because Chile then had outsized rates of growth.


Private property rights were reestablished in Chile, tax rates were lowered, A system of law was put in place that eventually led to the down Filipino she himself and the rise of a democratic state in Chile. Here was Milton Friedman talking about it at the time. The real miracle in Chile was not that those economic reforms worked so well. Chile is by all odds, the the best success story in Latin America today. The real miracle is not that those economic arrangements worked so well because that's what Adam Smith said. The real miracle is that a military hunter was willing to let him do it. See the, as I said to begin with, the principles of the military is from the top down.


The principle of a market is from the bottom up. Now it's a real miracle that a military group was willing to let a bottom up approach take over. But I will say that that process led to a situation in which you A, were able to get a, a election which ended the military Honda and you now have a democratic government. You cannot cite any similar example from the world of, of entirely socialist states. So what exactly happened in Chile? Well, there were effectively three main pillars to what the Chicago boys did in Chile. Economic liberalization meaning fewer trade barriers, meaning ease of regulation, easier ability to make economic arrangements, privatization of state-owned companies.


So gigantic ownership of state-owned companies was then devolved upon private citizens and finally, stabilization of inflation, which meant stop spending money and stop printing money in order to keep up with it. Okay, what we are seeing the same thing happen right now in Argentina. In Argentina. Javier Mele has undertaken one of the great economic reform efforts in modern history and it is absolutely working. He has brought the inflation rates down from the insane to the manageable and he has done this over the course of just a few months. According to the Washington Post, inflation is tumbling just as he promised. From a peak of almost 300%, a long running budget deficit has turned into a surplus.


Government bonds once seen as almost certain to sink back into default are rallying. The long more bond economy is finally starting to rebound. Mle himself said, what lies ahead in 2025 is more of what we've already done. Strict fiscal balance, no money growth and deregulation. He said Argentina has suffered from an overdose of deficits, money printing and useless regulation. All that needs to go. Now of course people on the left are very upset because when you do this sort of stuff, the immediate effect is that if you throw people off the welfare bill for example because there's too much spending in welfare or if you stabilize the currency, what that means very often is that poverty rates in the very near term increase and then they begin to decline radically. Which is exactly of course what happened with Chile. And for the moment, Miele remains incredibly popular in Argentina.


The reason I bring this up is because what happened in Chile was the precursor to the economic revolution that happened across the western world, thanks to the success in Chile. So that was seen as a model by the Reagan administration for example. It's why they pursued tax cutting. It's why they pursued it. Deregulation and privatization of state-owned industries. The same thing happened in Margaret Thatcher's Britain. And what we are watching right now is those lessons that Melay is pushing applied to the rest of the Western world. That doesn't mean that Trump wouldn't have pursued it in the absence of Melay. It does mean you are watching a wave of economies beginning to recognize that the stagnating, pseudo socialistic policies that are pushed by so many members of the left actually end in economic ruin for nations and that is now being disowned.


Countries like the United States are moving away from that. Why do you think the business market is reacting so positively to President Trump's election? This is being recognized today by Isan Thur who's a columnist for the Washington Post. Quote for the American right. There's a new icon on the block. The week after Donald Trump's election victory, Argentina, president Javier Mele appeared at a black tie bash at the president's elect Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, where he was received with the same effusive enthusiasm he himself took to the proceedings. Trump's first term overlapped with the that of Brazil's hard rate firebrand former president, yeah, Europe Bolsonaro. But right now his most obvious sort of kinship is with Mele. Since taking office in December, he has moved quickly. He has moved radically slashing public spending at era, several government ministries, deregulating broad swaths of the economy in Argentina.


His zeal has won in Myers, in Trump world where Musk and Vive Ramez Swami are keen to follow MEE's example, Ramis Swami has called for Mee style cuts on steroids. Vivek of course is totally right about all of that. Meanwhile, Musk and Mee have a good relationship as well. Mee told the podcaster recently that Musk is quote, a great fighter for the ideas of freedom. He's helping the world nowadays wake up once and for all and become aware of the socialist virus that in itself makes him a hero in the history of humanity. And this of course is also going to open up new relations between the United States and nations in Latin and South America, which is gonna be very good for the United States economy because again, more allies engaged in comparative advantage and trade is better for the United States economy overall.


So what we are watching is a model that has been applied in Argentina where it was in crisis mode. And that means crisis efforts have to be undertaken. If that is even applied in medium scale in the United States, you're about to see a boom unlocked in the United States, unlike any in modern American history. That's why it's actually quite important what Elon Musk and Vivek Ramis Swami are doing with the so-called Department of government efficiency. According to the Washington Post, they're currently interviewing job candidates and seeking advice from both experts in Washington and Silicon Valley. Both of them had lobbied for Russell Vaught Trump's eventual pick to run the White House budget office. Vaught is excellent, he is, he's very intent on using the power of the executive to cut within the executive branch.


Meanwhile, other Musk surrogates from his business empire, including private equity executive Antonio Gracias and boring company president Steve Davis, are involved in the planning. Other people involved include Palantir co-founder and investor, Joe Lonsdale, who's an excellent investor. He also happens to be one of the leading sponsor of of the University of Austin in Texas, which is an attempt to outcompete all of the crumbling universities of the Ivy Leagues investor. Mark Andreesen, who of course is quite brilliant. Hedge fund manager, bill Ackman, former Uber chief executive Travis Kanick. Again, this makes a lot of sense. You're calling in the best business minds in the nation to take a look at precisely how to restructure the state of American government and that again, is going to unlock tremendous growth.


Now part of that is going to be, for example, unchaining Elon Musk's own businesses. One of the ways, one of these sort of chief symptoms of an economy that is overregulated and overrun with people who don't like free markets is the targeting of specific businesses at the top levels of government. One of the things that we have seen with both SpaceX and Tesla is an attempt by the Biden administration to crack down on Elon Musk almost personally. And by the way, that is continuing today in the state of California. Apparently according to Bloomberg, Gavin Newsom is now pushing EV buyer credits electric vehicle buyer credits in California. But the guidelines under consideration would leave out Tesla.


So it's specifically designed in order to benefit Tesla's competitors. That's how much these people hate Elon Musk. It's almost insane it Gavin Newsom said quote, it's about creating the marketing conditions for more of these car makers to take root. So forget about whether people actually would like to buy Teslas in the state of California, which the answer is yes. Okay, but, and Tesla, as Elon Musk points out, is the only one making cars in California. So this move hurts jobs in California. It's all about using government to target Musk and to benefit his opponents and that needs to stop.


But folks on the left, they're very dishonest about business. They're also very dishonest about the brands you support indirectly. So here is the thing. Every time, for example, you give your money to one of the major businesses, very often that money may be going to some sort of cause you don't actually support. Well PureTalk, my cell phone company supports veterans. They're leading the fight against woke corporations. PureTalk is veteran led. They actually put their money where their mouth is, they've alleviated $10 million in veteran debt. They donate tens of thousands of dollars every month to help prevent veteran suicide. They just donated $50,000 to Mike Rowe works providing scholarships to veterans learning trades after active duty. PureTalk gives you the exact same coverage. Is the big carriers America's most dependable 5G network for literally half the cost? Why are you still giving your cash to Verizon at and t T-Mobile when there's a better option that actually supports our veterans? And when you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you'll get one year free of DailyWire plus Insider. That means unlimited access to our incredible library of content. Am I a racist? What is a woman? Mr. Bergham run had Fight plus uncensored ad free daily shows and one year free of our new DailyWire kids platform bent key. The only way you can get that is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. Call and mention my name. Stop overpaying for your cell phone plan. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today. Switch to that qualifying plan. Get one year free of DailyWire plus Insider.


Also, lemme tell you about the holidays, the heart of family traditions. You know those precious moments of being together where you're lighting the menorah or decorating the tree or sharing a meal. These traditions matter. But have you thought about death? I know you didn't see that coming, did you? Those traditions, they're gonna continue when you're gone, but you will be gone. That means your family needs money when you're gone. Hence, policy genius With policy genius, you can find life insurance policies that start at just 292 bucks per year for million dollars in coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius makes finding and buying life insurance simple. They give your loved ones a financial safety net they can use to cover debt and routine expenses or even invest that money to earn interest over time their digital tools let you compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free, no hidden fees. Their licensed support team is there to help you get exactly what you need. They answer questions, handle paperwork, and advocate for you throughout the entire process. Even if you already have life insurance through work, it might not protect all your family's needs. It probably won't follow you if you leave your job. Join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who've left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. Secure your families tomorrow so you can have peace of mind today. Head over to policygenius.com/shapiro, Get your free life insurance quote, see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


Brendan Carr, who's the new head of the FCC, he says that the government has to stop its lawfare against Elon Musk. That type of law affair is gonna end for too long. In this government, particularly over the last couple of years, your last name dictated how the government treated you. If your last name was Soros, well the commission bent over backwards and gave you a special unprecedented commission level shortcut to buy 200 radio stations. If your last name was Mosque, then you lost $800 million contracts that you lawfully got. Everybody now is gonna get a fair shake going forward. Okay? That of course is the way that everybody ought to be treated in the market. Everyone ought to get a fair shake and play by the same exact rules.


But again, the ire over Musk and his businesses is also driven by the fact that Musk is an agent for free speech, right? His buying of acts has completely shattered the entire media complex. You have to understand the only way that bad economic policy can continue to maintain its dominance in the West is if propagandistic efforts are put out on behalf of that bad economic policy. I if you are told for example, for years on end that spending of oodles of government money, endless supply of government money is not going to change the inflation rates, then you can get away with doing that for quite a while, which is precisely what happened until eventually the rubber meets the road. Bad economic policy it it doesn't sort of materialize gradually bad economic policy is like the guy who jumps off the 99th floor of a of a building and at floor 50 somebody shouts to him, how are you doing?


And the guy shouts back So far so good. It's fine until you hit the ground. The point at which you hit the ground is where the economic policy begins to actually affect Americans. And you saw that under Joe Biden when the inflation finally hit. So it requires bad economic coverups by the media in order to make legitimate economic policies that should fail on on the basic logic of them. And this is why the media democratic complex is so dangerous on every scale. It's dangerous in foreign policy. Obviously we've talked about that a lot. We'll talk about it more. It's incredibly dangerous on economic policy. 'cause when it comes to economic policy, most people don't understand basic economics. Most folks don't understand supply and demand.


Most folks believe that the government tinkering in the market is a generalized good as opposed to a generalized ad. And most people believe that government is there to quote unquote solve problems as opposed to the reality, which is that government very often is creating and exacerbating those problems. And this is why I think among the factors that have led to the complete destruction of trust in the media among those factors is the reality that the media backed the economic play of Barack Obama, which was bad. They backed the economic play of Joe Biden, which was bad. And now the media are fighting for their lives because without this Democrat media, human centipede, what are the media? Now again, this does not mean that journalism isn't important.


Journalism is very important. The point is that the journalistic establishment has utterly defeated itself by making itself subject to the whims of democratic politicians. They're propagandists for Democrats and that's why they've blown out their credibility. Jim Van Dehe of Axios was fighting mad over this yesterday. So Jim Van Dehe did a speech in which he ripped into Elon Musk. 'cause Elon Musk suggested that basically the era of legacy media was over and that they had been replaced. And he was speaking at the National Press Club and he went nuts. This was apparently late last week. Everything we do is under fire. Elon Musk sits on Twitter every day or ex today saying like, we are the media.


You are the media. My message to Elon Musk is bull. You're not the media you having you having a blue check mark a Twitter handle in 300 words of cleverness doesn't make you a reporter any more than me. Looking at your head and seeing that you have a brain and telling you I have an awesome set of tools makes me a damn neurosurgeon. Okay, that that's a ridiculous comparison because the reality is that the way you can tell that a neurosurgeon is a neurosurgeon is by the fact that they perform brain surgery regularly and do so successfully, right? That would make a good neurosurgeon.


Similarly, when it comes to journalism, you don't get a journalism hat that you wear around like one of those battered hats from the 1930s movies like the His Girl Friday kind of stuff. You don't get a magical journalism hat that allows you to call yourself a journalist if in fact you are just a propagandist. And the reality is that so many of the so-called journalists are propagandists, including some of the folks over at Axios Barak. Ravi, for example, is just a stenographer on behalf of the Biden administration and Jake Sullivan, that's all he does all day long, is just take leaks from the Biden administration and then play that as journalism. A journalism theoretically requires you to actually investigate the hard questions and come up with actual answers to those questions. And that's something the media has steadfastly refused to do.


And so what that's done is it's created a sort of bizarre dynamic where the media will sometimes report on facts and then they will swat that in a vast panoply of lies and then people on social media will pick apart all of those lies. And so there there's been this kind of bizarre parasitic relationship between the media and social media, which the media report a bunch of bad stuff and some of it's true and a lot of it's not. And then social media comes through and filters through all of that and then declares itself the new media. And neither side is completely right. The media are not wrong that very often they're reporting facts they are wrong, that they're not propagandist and social media is wrong if they say that what they're doing is very often journalism. Very often it's media criticism, which again is incredibly valuable in this arena, but it's not quite the same thing.


Lemme give you an example. So amazing piece from Colin Wright over at his website, realities Last Stand about the burying of a study on DEI. He says, quote, in a stunning series of events, two leading media organizations, the New York Times and Bloomberg abruptly shelved coverage of a groundbreaking study that raises serious questions about the psychological impacts of diversity, equity, and inclusion pedagogy. That study conducted by the Network Contagion Research Institute in collaboration with Rutgers University found that certain DEI practices could induce hostility, increase authoritarian tendencies and foster agreement with extreme rhetoric with billions of dollars invested annually in these initiatives, the public has a right to know if such programs heralded as effective moral solutions to bigotry and hate might instead be fueling the very problems they claim to solve.


The decision to withhold coverage raises serious questions about transparency, editorial independence, and the growing influence of ideological biases in the media. Again, the study basically found that DEI programs are disastrous and make the world a worse place. The New York Times, which has cited this particular think tank's work in nearly 20 previous articles, suddenly demanded this particular research undergo pure review, which they had never tried before. At Bloomberg, they quashed the story completely outright. Joel Finkelstein, the NCRI researcher leading the study. He says the editorial reversals are as revealing as the data itself in communications with the reporters, he described the findings as sobering with likely impact for DEI policy as well as congressional impacts and potentially civil litigation.


He said, this seems like an effort to suppress research. The challenges prevailing narratives around DEI and worryingly implicates its standard practices for egregious harms. And of course he's totally right about this and there's nothing new about this. We know for example, that the media also silenced studies for years on, for example, trans medicine. They refused to report the reality of the failures of puberty blockers. I mean the, the New York Times itself had to come out and report this quote. This October 23rd quote, an influential doctor, an advocate of adolescent gender treatments said she had not published a long awaited study of puberty blocking drugs because of the charged American political environment.


That doctor began study in 2015 as part of a multimillion dollar federal on transgender youth. The researchers followed children for two years to see if the treatments improved their mental health. The American trial did not find that it improved their mental health. In the nine years since the study was founded. The team did not publish the data. Why? Well, the head of the team said, quote, the findings might fuel the kind of political attacks that have led to the bans of the youth gender movements in more than 20 states. Quote, I do not want our work to be weaponized. She says they buried their own study and the media are complicit in all of this. And then you wonder why there's an entire countervailing media structure. This is why the DailyWire is important because we are fighting back against all this. Yes, we have our own investigative reporters and those people are in direct competition with the so-called reporters at Axios or the New York Times.


But we also do engage in media criticism specifically for reasons like this. And understand without the Democrat's propaganda machine, they could not get away with any of this. With any of this. They thought that the Democratic propaganda machine was so powerful that people would simply ignore the reality of their own lives when it came to things like inflation and continue to vote for Democrats that they would ignore the reality of their own lives on whether boys can be girls. Well it turns out that reality still exists and bad policy can be covered up for a while, but eventually the reality of the hard ground meets the face of the bad policy after that policy is launched from a 99 story building, which is what we are watching right now.


Now democratic policy is bad and that means that eventually it's going to hit reality.


But you know what is another reality? Too many babies in the womb are losing their lives. The radical left keeps saying that being pro-life is somehow being anti-woman left wants you to believe that killing babies is healthcare and that infanticide is reproductive of freedom, which is morally ridiculous. Here's the thing, we don't just complain about the problem at Preborn, we help solve it. That's where Preborn helps. Again, they're the largest pro-life organization in America. They're doing something extraordinary. They're actually empowering women, unlike the abortion industry that profits from their vulnerability. When a mom sees her baby on ultrasound, her likelihood of choosing life doubles, doubles and preborn doesn't just stop there. It provides support for up to two years after birth with diapers, car seats, counseling, actual healthcare, not the left's version. Here's how you can help save lives. Just 28 bucks, that's less than a week of coffee at Starbucks sponsors one ultrasound that could save a baby's life. And if you have the means $15,000, we'll place an entire ultrasound machine in a woman's center saving countless lives for years to come. To donate to Al pound two 50, say Baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or visit preborn.com/ben. All gifts are tax deductible. Pre-born has a four star charity rating pre-born dot com slash Ben.


Also tired of the big corporations pushing their progressive agenda. The DailyWire shop is your conservative gift headquarters. Black Friday deals are here. Score up to 70% off. Grab exclusive holiday bundles. Get the perfect stocking stuffers and gifts from the Ben Shapiro collection. Like behold this right here. Be kindly. Go fact yourself mug. Or perhaps this be kindly go fact yourself hat, yes, there's so much good stuff over at the DailyWire store with great DailyWire exclusive gifts under 30 bucks. There's something for everyone, conservative uncles, friends, neighbors, that guy from work who jokes about hrs latest sensitivity training. Get the gifts that show how well you know them at DailyWire dot com slash shop.


Well meanwhile, Democrats are freaking out obviously about the Trump administration. They're freaking out about what, what happens next with the Trump administration. And so now shockingly, they're Reem embracing the filibuster according to the Washington examiner, Senator Richard Blumenthal says, I'd be lying if I said we'd be in a better position without the filibuster. We have a responsibility to stop autocratic and long headed abuse of power or policy and we'll use whatever tools we have available. We're not gonna fight this battle with one high hand tied behind our back Senate majority whip Dick Durbin sees the filibuster as part of the calculation as to how Democrats will spearhead resistance next to Congress. Now again, many of these same senators were ripping on Kirsten Sinema for refusing to kill the filibuster.


Sinema offered a curt response to Democrats now defending the filibuster. She tweeted, quote, yet don't say. And that of course is exactly right. By the way, my business partner and best friend Jeremy boring, he has a suggestion for the Congress of the United States under Republican rule. I think it's an excellent suggestion. Essentially, his suggestion is that Senator Thune, when he comes in as the majority leader, when everybody is sworn in in January, he should immediately suggest that the Constitution itself, an amendment be added to enshrine the filibuster permanently in the Constitution of the United States. That offer will expire 18 months from now. And if Democrats don't sign on at that point, the Republicans blow up the filibuster and do whatever they want to do.


Because the point that Jeremy is making, and he's totally right about this, is that Democrats are perfectly willing to destroy the filibuster the minute they get power. Republicans are happy to keep the filibuster all the way through when one side only can't play by the rules if only one side is playing by the rules. It's not a rule, it's a, it's a tool of discrimination. If Republicans are placing upon themselves the self-imposed restriction of the filibuster, which means they require 60 votes to pass serious legislation in the Senate if they play by those rules and then Democrats come in with 51 votes and nuke the filibuster, which is what Kamala Harris wanted if she'd become president of the United States. Well, if that's the, if that's the story, and if Democrats now are willing to embrace the filibuster, well it ought to be permanent for everybody or it ought to be permanent for nobody.


And so the proposal Jeremy makes, and I think again, Senator Thune should take it up, I think the Republican Senate should take it up immediately is constitutional amendment to enshrine the filibuster in the federal Constitution of the United States that offer expires within 18 months and 18 months from now. If Democrats are unwilling to go along with the enshrinement of the filibuster and the Constitution, meaning it just becomes a permanent feature of American political life. If they're not willing to do that with a Republican majority, when you know they'll nuke it the minute that they get a majority, then Republicans should nuke it first and then they should do everything they wanna do 18 months from now or a year from now. They should set a deadline. They should get seven Democrats on board. I'm sure you can find some of the Democrats who will sign off on this. And then this becomes not an issue every single time a democratic administration takes over.


Because one of the things you have to notice about Democrats when it comes to things like say, democracy or rule of law or the filibuster or even economic policy, everything is just a tool of power. Everything. It is never a principled opposition to the filibuster or a principled opposition to the electoral college or a principled opposition to anything democratic top level lawmakers and their appera in the media. It's not about the principle, it's about how they can grab power and then exercise it to the maximum extent possible. Only Republicans in my lifetime have actually believed that institutions matter enough to uphold even at the expense of your agenda, right? That that's a controversial proposition even in some Republican circles. But it happens to be a much more conservative way of viewing the world that those institutions are really important 'cause you're gonna miss them when they're gone.


And meanwhile, speaking of people who wish to blow up the institutions, Democrats continue to suggest that they're going to block President Trump's immigration policy. So for example, Politico says, democratic attorneys general are preparing a raft of legal actions to prevent Donald Trump from carrying out mass deportations of undocumented immigrants setting the stage for a series of showdowns over one of his central campaign pledges. In interviews with Politico six leading Blue State prosecutors said they're girding to take Trump to court over misusing military troops on domestic soil, attempting to commandeer local or state law enforcement to do the job of the federal government and denying people's constitutional rights to due process. So of course they have every ability to file these lawsuits. They'll all end up at the Supreme Court.


Attorneys General also said they would move to challenge Trump if he tries to federalize the National Guard or attempts to direct active duty military units or National Guard troops from red states into blue states. They're bracing to push back against his administration, sending immigration agents into schools and hospitals to target what they call vulnerable populations. Now, there are some Democrats who are going even further than that. They're not just gonna file lawsuits, which of course is well within their purview. That's how the system works. They're, they're pledging that they're going to actively resist. So for example, mayor Mike Johnston, who is the far left-wing democratic mayor of Denver, he is now pledging that he's going to use the city's police department to physically oppose ice. He then had to backtrack that because after he warned that, that he was going to use his police forces to actually like clash with ice, use the Denver Police Department to go up against ice, Tom Holman said, okay, well that's against the law and I'm perfectly happy to arrest you here.


Was Tom Holman saying that yesterday? Tom, you, you heard the go, you heard this mayor out there in in Colorado. I want to get your reaction to it and I want you to be clear about who has jurisdiction, the federal government or state and local governments, and if you're a sanctuary state or city, are you breaking the law? You absolutely breaking the law. All yes to do. Look at Arizona versus us. See these breaking law. Well, look, me and the Denver Mayor, we agree on one thing. He's willing to go to jail. I'm willing to put him in jail because there, there's a statute, it is title 8 9 6 United States Code 1324 Triple I. And what it says is it's a felony. If you knowingly harbor and conceal illegal alien from immigration authorities, it is also a felony to impede a federal law enforcement officer.


So if we don't wanna help, that's fine. He can get the hell outta the way, but we're going to go do the job. President Trump has a mandate for American people. We gotta secure this country, we gotta save American lives. And I, and I find it shocking that any mayor of a city would say, president Trump's been clear. We wanna concentrate on public safety threats and national security threats. I find it hard to believe that any mayor or governor would say they don't want public safety threats removed from their neighborhoods. I mean, I mean, I don't know what the hell is going on in Denver, but we're gonna go and we're gonna fix it. If he don't wanna fix it, if he don't wanna protect his communities, president Trump and ICE will. Okay? Again, the Democrats attempts to overrule the rule of law in favor of their own political preferences. It's gonna have some real downstream effects on them politically.


Meanwhile, Homan also says that they're going to slash funds to any state that attempts to obstruct deportations. To me, you've got a powerful weapon among others, which is okay, no federal funds. Boom. Last thoughts. And that's going to happen. I guarantee if President Trump will do that, president Trump has made it clear we're going prioritize public safety threats and national security threats right out the gate because they pose the most dangerous country. What governor or mayor is, doesn't want public safety threats and national security threats outta their neighborhoods, outta their communities. That's your number one responsibility. So you can hate Trump all you want, but you gotta love your community more than you hate President Trump.


Holman's such a bulldog, love that guy. He's great. Meanwhile, Democrats again, they're, they're trying to resist all of this Democratic representative fume of Maryland. He's trying to be clever here on M-S-N-B-C and, and he says, listen, we don't want the Justice Department to be the just ice department. Well, it won't be just ice, but it's gonna be partially enforcing ice detainers. The first thing is to make sure that, to the extent that we can get the nominee for Attorney General on the record through Senate confirmation hearings, where there are gonna be asked and should be asked tough questions. That's the first thing. I mean, we don't want the Justice Department to turn into the just Ice department when it comes to black and brown people and women in this country.


Again, if, if this is the form that your rule of law takes, the Orwellian use of terms like rule of law and democracy to just mean whatever Democrats want it to mean is really bad. And the fact that the media have gone along with this sort of stuff, they've gone on with this Orwellian nonsense for so long, is the reason again, that trust has dropped. To give the most Orwellian obvious example, the attempt by the media to mainline into the brains of Americans. The idea that boys can be girls is totally insane. It's totally insane. A lot of people on Democrat side of the aisle say, why, why is this such a major issue? The answer is, it's a major issue. When you tell people that a main spring of your philosophy is that two plus two is five, that that is like, that's an actual, that's a thing you must believe.


You must mouth the slogan, you must say it, you must put two plus two equals five in your Twitter bio. You must put it in the, in the sign off of your emails that two plus two equals five in order for you to be fully accepted as a member of the codery of the elite. People don't like it when the media say over and over again that you're a fool not to believe that two plus two equals five. Well, yeah, there's gonna be a resistance to that. The latest example of this happening is over in Congress in which there has been widespread controversy over something rather uncontroversial, which is that a person who calls himself Sarah McBride, the elected representative from Virginia, a transgender person who again is a man who believes that he's a woman, apparently I is, is now being told that as a dude with a penis, he should probably use the penis bathroom, meaning where the men are, even if he wishes to put on a bunch of makeup, grow out his hair and wear dresses.


And this apparently is wildly controversial according to the media. The media suggests of course, that it's sexist. Not to say that this man is a woman, again, boggling the minds of anyone who knows what the word sex means. In any case, here's CBS's Margaret Brennan on Face the Nation asking McBride if McBride is quote, being treated with dignity, which of course is, and the, the, the use of language in the most bizarre ways. Here is a hallmark of a Democrat media propaganda complex. Do you believe that you are being treated with dignity by your colleagues? I, I didn't run for the United States House of Representatives to talk about what bathroom I use.


I I didn't run to talk about myself. I ran to deliver for Delawareans. And while republicans in Congress seem focused on bathrooms and trans people and specifically me, I'm focused on rolling up my sleeves, diving into the details, setting up my office and beginning the hard work of delivering for Delawareans on the issues that I know, keep them up at night. So then McBride was asked about going to Congress to determine which bathroom was again, why, why exactly. The reason this is an issue is because you're a man who wants to use the women's bathroom. Stop doing that and then it won't be a problem.


Seriously, the person who makes the issue, it is amazing how always it's always faced tattoo syndrome, always in forever. It is always, I'm gonna do this thing that is totally outside the norm and bizarre. And if you notice it and you object to it, it's because you are a bigot bigot. Why are you paying attention to the thing? It's so wildly irritating and people are done with it. They're done with it. The only question is whether Democrats realize that people are done with it. We get to more on that in a moment.


First, our DailyWire plus of Black Friday sale is now live. Get 50% off new annual memberships right now. Normally this is where I'd share a code, but don't got it today because we don't need a code. Just head on over to DailyWire dot com slash Black Friday claim your new DailyWire plus membership for 50% off with DailyWire Plus you get it all Uncensored daily shows with limited ads. Live breaking news you can trust and premium entertainment reshaping culture from the decade's number one documentary. Am I Racist to exclusive series and hit movies? DailyWire Plus offers it all and more. Your support makes this fight possible. Don't wait, join the fight, save 50% today, go to DailyWire dot com slash Black Friday.


So will Democrats break out of the self-created matrix or will they simply continue to engage further and further in the democratic media complex in the hope that they'll be able to rescue their bad agenda through the help of a propagandistic media? That, that's the real question here. And it's an open question. I don't know the answer to it. I'm not sure they know the answer to it. James Carville seems absolutely puzzled. James Carville, again, he was speaking some sense throughout the election cycle saying that Democrats should not run as insane progressives. It didn't work out for him. Here he is saying, you know, guys, maybe we should lay off all of the politically correct nonsense and you know, try to win elections from time to time Back in March to I said that I thought Democratic campaign culture had quote too many preachy females unquote.


Well, they all had a conniption. Have you looked at the male vote that we got in November? You know, no one since November has come up and said a thing to me. Primarily, we have a large problem with males and I'm not just talking about white males like you, and I'm talking about males all across, all across. And we need to address that. And we don't need to be shouting down by Washington liberal advocacy groups and NPR, we gotta say, we gotta a male problem and we need to get to work on it. Hey again, he's totally right about this. Will the Democratic Party even allow him to say that? Meanwhile, some of the other Democrats who are rising up against the progressive culture will see how they do.


Richie Torres, who is a very pro-Israel and somewhat moderate democratic office holder, he's a representative from the Bronx. He's not ruling out a run for governor against fellow Democratic governor Kathy Hoel. That would be a good indicator that the Democratic party was starting to re-embrace reality. If Torres were able to take out Hoel, for example, in an interview on Wednesday, Torres said he'd made no final decision, but he said that the gains that Donald Trump made in traditionally democratic New York in this year's election are quote, a vote of no confidence in the leadership of New York State, which of course is exactly right. Kathy Hoel has a 36% favorability rating among likely voters, 51% unfavorable. In the interview recently with Politico Torres gave a withering assessment of Hoel.


He drew a comparison to Democrats efforts this summer to pressure Joe Biden to drop his reelect bid. He said, I fear Hoel may be the new Biden. She may be in denial about the death of her vulnerabilities in 2026. In the case of Biden, instead of speaking out early, we waited until it was too late. Let's avoid repeating history. Let's avoid sleepwalking towards disaster and defeat. Now again, it seems to me that whatever comes next in the Democratic Party, it's going to have to be insurrectionist against the top levels of the Democratic party. And so there are two ways to read that. One way is that the Democratic Party is old, it's actually moderate. It was Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi. And actually, if you wanna rebel against the Democratic Party, you need an outsider like a Bernie Sanders or an A OC in order to really break all the things.


And that person is going to run to success inside a withered husk of the Democratic Party. The other way to read it is that actually the guiding forces of the Democratic party have been wokeness and intersectional culture with a thin patina of moderation. And if you actually want to fix the Democratic party, you need an insurrection from inside the Democratic party that is moderate in nature. It seems to me that probably the Democratic party will simply attempt to paper over those differences again, that is the only reason that you are hearing now a rumor that Kamala Harris may come back. I'm not even kidding with you. Politico has an article today titled Harris is telling her advisors and allies to keep her political options open. Oh boy, What if the answers to life's most profound questions have been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years?


In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson gathers nine brilliant minds from renowned scholars to vocal skeptics in an effort to unlock the mysteries of the Bible that still captivate humanity from ancient wisdom to modern day doubt. Each bring their unique voice to this contentious conversation about faith, truth and the growing chaos that threatens to tear our world apart. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently.


So you are handed the vice presidency on a platter after running a terrible presidential campaign. You then are handed a presidential nomination where you won zero, count them zero votes, and then you proceed to raise 1,000,000,005 and spend all of it in a hundred days and you lose and you ain't done yet. And why is anyone looking at Kamala Harris? Because again, who is the, who is the person that they look to? The democratic bench is unbelievably thin. It's Gavin Newsom who is off-putting, who runs an unsuccessful state who is generally too progressive for, for the American people. And it was Pre G Boot is JB Pritzker, who I have no idea why anyone would, would consider JB Pritzker a national candidate.


There is nothing, literally nothing about JB Pritzker except for the fact that he can sign himself giant checks that says national candidate about JB Pritzker. Gretchen Whitmer committed some of the dumbest campaign blunders I have ever seen in this campaign, including of course, that bizarre lesbian fetish Doritos video, the communion video. And like she, she's a weirdo like the the, this is not a good bench. Democrats may think they have a good bench, they do not have a good bench, and so they might just go back to the well with somebody like Kamala Harris. According to Politico privately, the vice president has been instructing advisors and allies to keep her options open, whether for a possible 2028 presidential run or even run for governor in her home state of California in two years. She keeps saying over and over, I'm staying in the fight, which you know, please, I would love it.


One former Harris Aid said quote, she doesn't have to decide if she wants to run for something again in the next six months. The natural thing to do would be to set up some type of entity that would give her the opportunity to travel and give speeches and preserve her political relationships. A person close to Harris said there will be a desire to hear her voice. There won't be a vacuum for long. Well, no, actually, there is no desire to hear her voice. It's just a sign of the desperation inside the Democratic party that she is considered a possible front runner for something like 2028 when an empty party they are. And what an absolute inability. One of the things about having a dominant media complex that is in your pocket is that it creates a bubble from which you're unable to escape. It makes you uniquely vulnerable.


You're ba, you're basically John Travolta in the Bubble Boy movie. You you, you have a genetic condition that doesn't allow exposure to the regular elements of politics. And you are protected from those elements by the shiny bubble that is the media. And the minute that that bubble collapses, which is what's been happening over the course of the last several years, the minute the bubble collapses, you have no systemic immunity to the normal forces of politics. It's not just that they've been exposed to the normal vacillations of politics, meaning their bad policy and the effects of them, it's also they've been exposed to a new media ecosystem, including people like us here at the DailyWire, right? And and they don't have any systemic immunity to this. The kind of blowback Democrats have been facing over the course of the last three years is nothing compared to what every single Republican in my lifetime has faced from the legacy media.


The difference is Republicans grew up in the darkness like the bane of politics, right from, from dark night rises. They were born in the darkness. They're accustomed to it. Democrats have never experienced this before because of the media. It's created a systemic lack of immunity for Democrats and thus they have to keep saying dumb things and it's gonna take a while for them to develop the normal reflexes that you require to succeed in politics. Okay, meanwhile, in international news, NATO's military chief is now calling on business leaders to prepare for what he is calling a wartime scenario. Now, again, this is not a giant shock, obviously he's going to do that given the fact that Vladimir Putin is doing a lot of signaling right now.


He's threatening a lot of action right now. Here's the NATO military Chief Admiral Rob Bauer calling on business leaders to prepare for a more wartime scenario with regard to Russia. Business leaders in Europe and America need to realize that the commercial decisions they make have strategic consequences for the security of their nation. Businesses need to be prepared for a wartime scenario and adjust their production and distribution lines accordingly. Because while it may be the military who wins battles, it's the economies that win wars. Now again, that point that he's making there is actually a correct point.


He's not saying that businesses have to start building bomb shelters. He's saying stop being reliant on opponents of the West. If you wish to have a robust economy and a competitive economy with some of the worst people on earth, that is actually true. Meanwhile, the UK and France are starting to pick up the slack in Ukraine, which is precisely what what Donald Trump has actually called for. He's called for Europe to be picking up more of the slack in the Ukraine war. According to express in the uk, Britain and France are now in talk and troops to Ukraine to deter Vladimir Putin. They want to create a core of allies in Europe. As fears intensified that President Trump could withdraw military support for Ukraine, British and French troops could be among European allies, deployed to deter the Kremlin from attacking Ukraine again. And they could train Ukrainian forces similar to how they did before Moscow ordered a full scale invasion of Ukraine.


One military source told Lial, which is a French newspaper quote, discussions are underway between the UK and France regarding defense cooperation, particularly with the aim of creating a core of allies in Europe focused on Ukraine and broader European security. And again, I, I think that this is perfectly normal and, and probably called for given the fact that any peace agreement is going to have to include some sort of trigger force in Ukraine to prevent Vladimir Putin from going in and restarting this war. So that is the current situation with Ukraine. Again, I think all of the sort of overblown talk about World War III is about to break out. That's about, no, it isn't. It isn't what, what Russia is signaling right now is escalation in order to deescalate. Okay, that's the actual goal.


Everyone in this particular region is now looking for an off ramp because they see Trump coming down the pike. We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news, conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


By the way, the fact that Donald Trump is about to come into offices changing calculations in the Middle East as well. So yesterday Benjamin announced the government announced that they would be holding a security cabinet meeting on Tuesday evening to discuss the possibility of a ceasefire with Hezbollah and with the Lebanese government. According to CNN, Netanyahu signaled his potential approval for the emerging ceasefire with with Hezbollah during a security consultation with Israeli officials on Sunday night. On Monday, his spokesperson told CNN the Israeli cabinet would vote on the proposed deal on Tuesday. And they said that is expected to pass. So what exactly is happening here? Obviously, obviously when it comes to Netanyahu agreeing to a ceasefire, that's because it is a ceasefire, not an end to the war.


What is Netanyahu doing here? Well, if this were an end to the war, one thing is very clear. Netanyahu would be calling for Israeli citizens to return to the North. The entire stated goal of the current war with Hezbollah for Israel is to make sure that Israeli citizens can go back to their homes in the north. A wide swath of the northern border of Israel has been completely depopulated by Hezbollah rockets since effectively October 8th when Hezbollah started firing hundreds and thousands of rockets into Northern Israel in an attempt to kill Israeli civilians. And Israel didn't initiate its actual retaliation and military operations at large scale military operations in Lebanon until just October until last month. So what is Israel doing right here? A few things. One, they're running short on ammunition.


That is because of the Biden Administration's slow walking the ammo, and they know that Joe Biden, on his way out the door is going to try to do something to Israel. This is just well within the purview of democratic administrations. Barack Obama and his way out the door allowed the passage of a UN security council resolution that effectively declared the most historic parts of Jerusalem to be historic Palestinian territory. I mean, it's an absurdity because Barack Obama of course hated Israel. The same thing is true, presumably the Biden administration. You expect to see them deliver some sort of backhanded slap at Israel in an attempt to placate their progressive at base. You have, of course, people like Senator Chris Van Hollen schmuck that he is suggesting that he hopes that Joe Biden's strong arms Israel. These are the people that Joe Biden is attempting to placate.


We've seen this pattern where President Biden makes demands of Prime Minister Netanyahu only to be ignored or slapped down entirely. And then President Biden sends more bombs and more money. That is not an effective use of leverage. So I do hope in these closing months, the president will finally make more effective use of American leverage. To at the very least, uphold American law. Yeah. To insist that the Netanyahu government allows humanitarian aid in the Gaza, and they, they use our weapons in a manner consistent with the laws of war. Okay. So again, this is the Democratic party. Joe Biden is facing down Netanyahu and the Israeli government know this, of course, remember, there's a right wing coalition in Israel.


They're members of the right wing coalition who are unhappy with this particular agreement. The government isn't gonna fall over that. Why? Well, what's happening right now is basically an attempt by Netanyahu to buy time until Trump. That's all this is. It is a 60 day ceasefire. There are currently 57 days, 56 days until Joe Biden leaves office. That number is not a coincidence. A 60 day ceasefire is designed to get Israel beyond the Biden administration. They're counting it down in Israel. They're counting it down because Donald Trump and his administration have already pledged. They're not going to withhold the armaments that Israel requires. At that point, Israel will be re-arm, they will arm up. Hezbollah will certainly not keep by this agreement because they have no intention on keeping by the agreement. They'll start smuggling weapons south of Latanya River again, at which point Israel will go in and finish the job.


Right. That, that is what this whole thing is about. It's also about presumably trying to create space for some sort of hostage arrangement with Hamas. Why? Because Hamas in the Gaza Strip has been attempting this entire war to get other parties to intervene, to save it. They've been attempting to get Hezbollah to intervene, to save them and distract Israel, Iran to intervene and save them the Houthis to save them. Well, now the Houthis, aside from firing an occasional drone into Israel, really are not a serious threat to Israel. The Iranians have fired two rounds of large scale missiles. They're not going to do that now because they know Trump is coming in and Israel will have a green light to do things like destroy the nuclear facilities. If they do it again, Hezbollah will be effectively off the table. And that means the space to push kamas as hard as humanly possible to release the hostages because there's no one coming to save them in the near future.


So there are a bunch of factors here. Lack of weaponry, Biden pressure, and most of all, the fact that Donald Trump is coming again, the admin, the, the, the Israeli government is openly saying at this point that this is about a cessation, but it is not a full scale ceasefire. That, that they are effectively delaying the war until a time where they have a White House that is not going to be oriented toward making concessions to terrorists. So again, the, this Israeli official says that Israel's freedom to act in Lebanon after the ceasefire is guaranteed by a letter between it and the United States. The IDF will be able to operate not only against those trying to attack Israel, but against Hezbollah's attempt to build up its military power, and we will act.


The official said Israel decided it had no choice but to accept a ceasefire because they were afraid the US administration would punish Israel with the UN security rounds council resolution in the final weeks, and their missing certain capabilities, including 134 D nine bulldozers according to the official. So again, it's a tactical move by Israel to take a, a short respite here, and that is happening because they see Trump coming. If Trump were not coming, Israel would pursue this thing all the way to the end, and they would do it right now with whatever weapons they had. It just goes to show you how the weakness of the Biden administration has led to a more dangerous world. That's the actual story as to what's happening over this particular ceasefire. Alrightyy.


In just one second, we'll get to what's happening at the International Criminal Court, Alan Dershowitz, putting together a dream team to defend Western civilization against the idiocy of the International Criminal Court. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.