
Folks, let Donald J. Trump cook. So last night, president Trump gave a press conference an absolutely stunning, groundbreaking, timeline changing press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in which he announced his plan for the day after in the Gaza Strip. And people are going absolutely insane over this plan in the Gaza Strip. Now, before we get to what exactly that plan is, the first thing that we have to understand is that all of the conventional wisdom, all of the State Department approved conventional wisdom for decades has led to full scale disaster in the Middle East. It has led to an intractable multi-decade problem of a radicalized Palestinian population that supports terrorism rather than any regime that would actually allow for peace, prosperity, and the building of a livable life.


Hamas was elected by the Palestinian people today by polling J. The Palestinian people still support Kamas after the complete destruction of the Gaza Strip after. And in response to Hamas killing 1200 Israelis and taking 250 into captivity where many of them were murdered, many of them were abused, and many of them still are including American citizens. So whatever the conventional wisdom says is wrong, and it has been wrong. And this is where President Trump has always had a different way of thinking about this. He's always had a different way of thinking about this. President Trump thinks outside the box, and what that has led to is more peace and prosperity in the region.


People who think inside the box have led to some of the most intractable, most violent, worst conflict in humanity. Donald Trump has thrown the conventional wisdom out, and what he has replaced it with is common sense understanding of reality and outside the box thinking. And the result was the Abraham Accords. If you look back to Trump term number one, perhaps the most stunning example of President Trump thinking differently was the Abraham Accords. Everybody said he was not going to be able to get any sort of deal done in the Middle East. Instead, he ended up with the first true Arab Israeli peace deals in modern history. He didn't win the Nobel Prize for that because the left hates him too much, but that was all Nobel Prize worthy, and everyone knows it, including the left.


Barack Obama won the Nobel Prize for existing. Donald Trump did not win the Nobel Prize for a variety of peace agreements between Israel and its Arab neighbors. And if Donald Trump had been reelected in 2020, he was just weeks away from brokering a Saudi Israeli Abraham Accord. That is because Donald Trump does not think inside the box. So here's what the conventional wisdom says, and then we'll get to what exactly Donald Trump is proposing that is just exploding brains across the conventional wisdom spectrum. The conventional wisdom has said some of these following propositions with regard to Israel and the Palestinians, the Gaza Strip, Judea and Sumer One, the way that you get to Middle Eastern pieces by solving the Palestinian problem first, by solving the intractable Palestinian issue first and then peace blooms across the Middle East.


This has been the going conventional wisdom for decades in the Middle East. And it was wrong. It was stupid, it is wrong. It has been stupid. Oslo was an ongoing process. The Oslo Accords, which were originally put forward in the early 1990s, have been ongoing for three decades, and they are one of the giant failures in the history of diplomacy. They have resulted in more death, more carnage, more destruction, less safety, and all out war in the Middle East. President Trump throughout that conventional wisdom, what he said was, listen, we have an intractable problem over here, a deeply radicalized population that wants to completely destroy its neighbor. The Palestinian population has no interest in a quote unquote two state solution living side by side and peace and prosperity.


And so if there's going to be peace in the Middle East, we are gonna take that issue. We're gonna put it to the side, and instead we are going to look to the common security and economic interests of Israel and its other Arab neighbors. And the Abraham Accords was the result. Everyone said it couldn't be done. Everyone said it was stupid. Everybody said that it was backwards and wrong and unsophisticated and naive and not nuanced. And it turns out it was exactly right because Donald Trump took the conventional wisdom and he set it on fire. John Kerry moron than he is historic dot wrong about every single thing in his entire long, useless life. John Kerry, former Secretary of State, he said that peace would never happen in the Middle East unless the Palestinian issue was put front and center, and he was proved wrong at every single turn.


More conventional wisdom, the other countries in the Middle East deeply care about the establishment of a Palestinian state. This has supposedly been a top priority, okay? All of history shows this is not true. When Egypt was in control of the Gaza Strip from 1948 to 1967, was there an independent Palestinian state? Of course the answer is no. When Jordan was in control of Judea and Samaria from 1948 to 1967, was there an independent Palestinian state? No. Today there could be an independent Palestinian state in Jordan, and the Hashemite Dynasty says No. Despite the fact that the vast majority of the population of Jordan actually is Palestinian, not only are these surrounding Middle Eastern states uninterested in a Palestinian state, they don't want one because they know that it will be a terror or haven.


The big reason that so many Arab countries, Muslim countries in the region don't want to take in Palestinian refugees is because they're afraid it will destabilize their country. And they are right. It destabilized Jordan when the PLO was located there in the early 1970s leading to the full scale expulsion of tens of thousands of Palestinians, as well as the PLO. Lebanon, which used to be a Christian state, was completely overrun by the PLO and turned into a hell hole. Theirs Syrian refugee camps that still contain Palestinians because no matter how hellish Syria is, whoever has been in charge there, whether it's Assad or now, whether it's HDS, they're not particularly interested in fighting another front war with a radicalized Palestinian population. In the aftermath of the Gulf War, Kuwait expelled tens of thousands of Palestinians who had sided with Saddam Hussein.


So the idea that anyone in the Middle East is deeply interested in the establishment of a Palestinian state is a lie made up by Westerners. And Middle Eastern states have gone along with that lie because it's been a convenient way of shifting blame to Israel for their own internal failures and of prying concessions out of Westerners. But it was always a lie. And Donald Trump knows it's a lie. And that's why he has said repeatedly that the Saudis, the Egyptians, the Jordan, they don't really care about a Palestinian states. That is a side quest, other conventional wisdom that the way that you upset the Arab Street is when you acknowledge reality that if you acknowledge reality, the Arab Street will go wild. It will be gigantic war in the Middle East. The most obvious example of this being the conventional wisdom that if the United States actually moved it's embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, the eternal capital of Israel and the Jewish people, that if that were to happen, then the entire Middle East would go up in flames, and it turns out nothing happened.


Nothing because that was a reality. And acknowledging reality on the ground is smarter than pretending reality away. Similarly, the conventional wisdom said that any move to acknowledge territorial sovereignty by Israel in disputed areas, like for example, the Golan Heights would end with further war wrong. Not only is that untrue, it is the reverse. When Israel has been able to defend territory, the world gets more peaceful, not less, the world will be more peaceful because Israel is currently occupying the other side of Mount Hermon in Syria rather than, for example, HTS or Al-Qaeda, other conventional wisdom, what the Palestinians really want is peace and a thriving democracy.


There is zero evidence adduced to this idea. None. In fact, every single piece of evidence is precisely the contrary. The Palestinians, by every piece of polling data ever done, do not in fact support a thriving democracy. They do not in fact support a quote unquote two-state solution. They do not support peace with Israel. In fact, their entire ZO debt, the entire reason for the establishment of a Palestinian people, which was an agglomeration of a variety of people from different areas, who over time accreted in British mandate, Palestine, largely because of the upward economic trajectory created by Jews who'd been moving in the entire raise on debt, was the disestablishment of a possible Jewish state there. So to give up that aspiration would be to recognize a thing that is unrecognizable for the vast majority of Palestinians.


There is yet to be a single poll ever, ever showing that Palestinians favor a two-state solution with Israel and the Palestinians living side by side. Yet the conventional wisdom likes to pretend that's not the case and then bang their head consistently against a wall and then yell at the Israelis for being so transient about not wanting to exterminate themselves. Donald Trump does not accept that conventional wisdom. He recognizes that Israel is not going away, other conventional wisdom that the Palestinians must never be allowed to leave a rubble, strewn, war torn area even if they want to, because somehow it facilitates peace to keep would be refugees in an unlivable situation for a decade, with no infrastructure, with no jobs, with no economy, other than the trash foreign aid that has been used historically by terrorist groups to build terror tunnels and stock up on weaponry.


That was the conventional wisdom. The conventional wisdom is that the best plan in the Gaza Strip was to pour billions of dollars into Hamas to facilitate humanitarian aid, which went directly to building terror tunnels. The only infrastructure built there, the only infrastructure that has been built there over the course of the last 15 years. And somehow the conventional wisdom was give it more money, more air, make sure that there are more about why do you think Egypt shut the border? Why do you think the Rafa crossing is closed? That is not because of the Jews, that is because of the Egyptians. Finally, the conventional wisdom says that you cannot facilitate population movement in this area. Now, I just have a question. Why is this the only area on Earth where even if people want to leave, you can't facilitate the population movement?


Israel not only facilitated the population movement of Jews out of Gaza, it forced people who didn't want to leave out of Gaza in 2005 literally took cities filled with 8,000 Jews and removed them forcibly with Israeli soldiers. It turns out that according to the conventional wisdom, the only people who can be forcibly removed from a particular area in this particular area are Jews. That the people who certainly cannot be moved under any circumstances are Palestinians living between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea. Those people can't move at all. It doesn't matter if Kuwait kicks them out or Jordan kicks them out or Lebanon kicks them out, or Egypt refuses to take them. It doesn't matter whether they live in refugee camps in Syria, none of that makes a difference.


It doesn't matter if literally hundreds of thousands or even millions of people are forced out of Syria due to civil conflict until they end up in Turkey or even in Europe. That's all fine and dandy. But the minute anybody says that people who even want to leave the Gaza Strip because they don't wish to live in the rubble of unis under the thumb of Hamas, then all of a sudden the conventional wisdom says, no, no, no, no, no, no. They must be forced to remain.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hey, here's the thing. Trump has ignored all this conventional wisdom because it's wrong and because it's stupid. And Donald Trump thinks outside the box, here are Donald Trump's generalized premises when it comes to the Middle East. One intractable problems are wait for it intractable, and they're not going away. And simply saying, and a mantra two, state solution, democracy, living side by side peace doesn't make it magically happen if you just say it over and over and over. Not only does it not happen, it ends up facilitating the opposite because it turns out that terrorist groups and radicalized populations take advantage of your naivete and your stupidity in order to build up their own weaponry.


So as to do things like October 7th, they make common cause with terror states like Iran. They make common cause with the Houthis and with Hezbollah, they do all of that because they understand Western weakness and western stupidity. So failing to recognize intractable problems is dangerous. Recognizing intractable problems and not banging your head against the wall is actually a necessity. Recognizing that reality is how you get to things like the Abraham Accords, other recognitions of reality. Israel is not going away, nor should it. And President Trump understands that underlying so much of the discussion over the past several decades has been this idea that if Israel just keeps giving up land and makes itself more and more unsafe, that magically peace will break out again, an idiotic idea and underlying that is a baseline idea that if Israel disappeared, well, you know, maybe the world would be a better.


Israel is not going to disappear. Israel's not gonna go away. They're not gonna surrender. They're not gonna cut off their own heads. And after October 7th, they're certainly not going to allow the creation of a terrorist state in the heartland of the land that Israel currently is on. That is not a thing that's going to happen, recognizing that reality is just real. You can like it, you cannot like it. It's just the reality and Trump plays in the world of reality. And finally, president Trump understands again that the conventional wisdom that all of this is central to the Middle East is wrong and a lie. He recognizes that. It turns out Saudi Arabia has its own priorities that don't actually involve the Palestinians. Like, for example, economic development. That is the big priority of Mohammed bin Salman, the Crown prince.


What he wants more than anything is a non-oil based economy with a future. Because one of the things that's happened that's totally transformed the Middle East over the course of the last couple of decades is the fracking revolution in the United States, the complete revision of a global oil dominance by the Middle East. So that actually the United States is a net exporter of LNG has completely reshaped how the entire globe does energy. And so Mohammad bin Salman, who's sitting on a bunch of oil, is recognizing that technological developments mean that he must move along with the tech or he's going to lose out, and his regime becomes unstable. Trump recognizes that the same thing is true of UAE. The same thing is true, yes, even of Qatar, which is gonna be made to come around, okay?


The reality is that people in the Middle East have interests that are completely disconnected and in fact, antithetical to the interests of the terror state that a state of Palestine would be. So all of this has lead up to Trump's actual proposal because here's the thing, everybody's saying, oh, it's so outta the box, it's so crazy. It's so, it's so wild. How could he? Because all of your ideas are stupid and failed. That is the reason You wonder how we got here. The answer is we tried it your way, the conventional wisdom way for 80 years. And not only is it a fail, it is one of the giants fails in the history of foreign policy fails. That is how you end up with President Trump thinking outside the box.


Now, I don't know whether President Trump's vision is gonna come to fruition here. I don't know whether it's an opening gambit in a broader negotiation, and we'll get to all of that. What I do know is that all of the same conventional wisdom, morons who said that the Abraham Accords would never happen were wrong. All those same conventional wisdom morons who said, moving the Jerusalem embassy would set the entire Middle East on fire were wrong and stupid, all the same conventional wisdom dos who suggested that pressuring Israel in the middle of a war was somehow going to result in more peace rather than more war. They were wrong and stupid. So let the man cook, let the, he did it better than you.


He did it better than you, and he's doing it better than you. Okay, so that brings us to the actual proposal. So President Trump yesterday did a press conference. At this press conference, he made the announcement that the United States would take over the Gaza Strip. Now, I don't know what this looks like in practicality, and President Trump didn't spell out any details, but the vision is basically that the United States presumably getting security help from the Israelis private contractors, and all of the rest would essentially turn this into an investment area because it's border, border territory with the med, the Mediterranean, the Mediterranean Sea is right there. This is all the same coastline as Tel Aviv. And so here's President Trump explaining his plan.


I also strongly believe that the Gaza Strip, which has been a symbol of death and destruction for so many decades and so bad for the people anywhere near it, and especially those who live there, and frankly, who's been really very unlucky, it's been very unlucky. It's been an unlucky place for a long time. Being in its presence just has not been good. And it should not go through a process of rebuilding and occupation by the same people that have really stood there and fought for it and lived there and died there and lived a miserable existence there. Instead, we should go to other countries of interest with humanitarian hearts, and there are many of them that want to do this and build various domains that will ultimately be occupied by the 1.8 million Palestinians living in Gaza, ending the death and destruction, and frankly, bad luck.


This can be paid for by neighboring countries of great wealth. It could be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12. It could be numerous sites, or it could be one large site. But the people will be able to live in comfort and peace and we'll get, sure will make sure something really spectacular is done. They're gonna have peace. They're not going to be shot at and killed and destroyed like this civilization of of wonderful people has had to endure. The only reason the Palestinians want to go back to Gaza is they have no alternative. It's right now a demolition site.


This is just a demolition site. Virtually every building is down. They're living under fallen concrete that's very dangerous and very precarious. They instead can occupy all of a beautiful area with homes and safety, and they can live out their lives in peace and harmony. Instead of having to go back and do it again, the US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site, level the site, and get rid of the destroyed buildings, level it out, create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area.


Do a real job, do something different, just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years. I'm hopeful that this ceasefire could be the beginning of a larger and more enduring peace that will end the bloodshed and killing once and for all. Okay, so everybody who is against this, I have a question. What is your alternative? Seriously, I'd love to hear it. Alternatives, anyone? Maybe the alternative that will be put forward by the Arab State says, okay, we don't want this, so now we're gonna go in. We'll volunteer to clean it up, in which case, president Trump gets a win. But the alternative cannot be continued to comm as a rule because that is not going to happen. And just imagine for a second if wait for President Trump was actually right, since he has been right on the Middle East many times before.


Imagine if this actually became an economic development zone where there were in fact hotels, where there were in fact casinos, where there were houses and schools. I know a crazy idea that a beautiful piece of beachfront property might actually be a beautiful piece of beachfront property as opposed to a giant terror or hellhole. But is anyone else thinking differently about this? Because it turns out that you thinking the same way. Brought us here. You thinking the same way, brought us here.


Are You looking for a better quality meat? Good ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year, plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code, Daily Wire, good ranchers, American meat delivered.


So he was asked about his plan for the Palestinians, and what he said is, listen, if you wanna leave, you should be able to leave. And guess what? If you're a terrorist supporter, there's no reason you have a right to stay. So the plan is that if you want to go, you should be able to go elsewhere. And guess what? You know this bizarre idea that people need to be trapped in this zone. There's polling data, by the way, showing that a huge percentage of Palestinians if they could get out, would want to. Here is President Trump saying, listen, population movement is the constant of human history. There's no right to live in a terror hellhole backing kamas, building terror tunnels and basically driving millions of people into despair, poverty and death.


There's no, there's no right to that. And if people wanna live there, they can live there. And if they don't wanna live there, they can't live there. But there's gonna be a rebuilding time. So let's get real about this. Kaitlyn Collins was very upset about this because again, conventional wisdom is you have to keep millions of people suffering in an area dominated by terrorism. So that what a terrorist state can be built and threaten its neighbors. Here's President Trump saying, no, I, I have a different idea. Just to follow up on what you were saying about the Gaza's leaving Gaza gonna other Countries where exactly are you suggesting that they should go? And two, are you saying they should return after it's rebuilt? And if not, who do you envision living there? I envision world people living there, the world's people.


I think you'll make that into an international unbelievable place. I think the potential and the Gaza Strip is unbelievable, and I think the entire world representatives from all over the world will be there and they'll the Palestinians and they'll live there. Palestinians also. Palestinians will live there. Many people will live there, but they've tried the other and they've tried it for decades and decades and decades. It's not gonna work. It didn't work. It will never work. And you have to learn from history. History has, you know, you just can't let it keep repeating itself. We have an opportunity to do something that could be phenomenal.


And I don't want to be cute. I don't want to be a wise guy, but the Riviera of the Middle East, this could be something that could be so bad. Well, of those people go In the meantime, Mr. President. But more importantly than that is the people that have been absolutely destroyed that live there now can live in peace in a much better situation because they're living in hell. And those people will now be able to live in peace. We'll make sure that it's done world class. It'll be wonderful for the people. Palestinians, Palestinians mostly were talking about. And I have a feeling that despite them saying, no, I have a feeling that the king in Jordan and that the general president, but that the general in Egypt will open their hearts and will give us the kind of land that we need to get this done and people can live in harmony.


And a piece Again, what is your alternative? You got one? Let's hear it. President Trump was asked about resettling 1.7 million people, and here was his answer. How many people you or you are thinking about All of them. I mean, we're talking about probably 1,000,007 people, million seven, maybe 1,000,008. But I think all of 'em, I think they'll be resettled in areas where they can live a beautiful life and not be worried about dying every day. Okay, now I have a question. Is it more humanitarian to keep people in rubble? Is that the humanitarian thing to do to keep them in rubble and poverty with no workable economy? Because guess what? Israel is not allowing work visas from the Gaza Strip.


That is not a thing that is going to happen under current situations or anytime in the future, so long as the status quo ante is returned to. So what exactly is the alternative plan? All the people who are, oh my God, hell let him cook, let him cook. President Trump says, listen, we'll make it nice for people to live elsewhere. Why would they want to live in hell? Exactly. Would Palestinians have the right to return to Gaza if they left while the rebuilding Was happening? It would be my hope that we could do something really nice, really good, where they wouldn't wanna return, why would they wanna return? The place has been to hell, it's been one of the meanest, one of the meanest, toughest places.


Why did they leave on earth? If we can build something for them in one of the countries, and it could be Jordan, and it could be Egypt, it could be other countries, and you could build four or five or six areas. It doesn't have to be one area, but you take certain areas and you build really good quality housing like a beautiful town like someplace where they can live and not die. Okay, again, the question would be the alternative. What is the conve? The conventional wisdom's been tried for 80 years gang. And guess what? It has ended in nothing but death, despair, war, terrorism, the training of young kids to become future terrorists. That's what it has ended in.


Okay, so President Trump says, you know, what's the United States' role in all this? Well, I he, a long-term ownership position is what President Trump has to say. Now, again, there are a lot of details that have to be filled in. There has to be a plan that's filled in. And again, this could be a negotiating gambit in order to get the Arab states to actually say, we don't want what Trump is talking about. So we are going to get involved in the rebuilding and guarantee the security of the Gaza Strip. And this could be a lot of different things. What it isn't is the conventional things that have already been tried and have failed 100,000 times over the course of the years. I saw a tweet last night from one of these conventional wisdom fools saying, well, why don't we just say that the people in Gaza get to stay in Gaza and live side by side in peace with the Israelis. Oh, I don't know, maybe reality intervened.


Maybe reality should at some point clock people in the head. It turns out a clock. The Israelis in the head on October 7th, and here is President Trump talking about his plans. You are talking tonight about the United States taking over a sovereign territory. What authority would allow you to do that? Are you talking about a permanent occupation there? Redevelopment and Mr. Prime Minister, do you see this idea as a way to expand the boundaries of Israel and to have a longer peace, even though the Israeli people know how important that land is to you and your citizens? Just as the space is inherited by the Palestinians as well?


I do see a long-term ownership position, and I see it bringing great stability to that part of the Middle East and maybe the entire Middle East. And everybody I've spoken to, this was not a decision made lightly. Everybody I've spoken to loves the idea of the United States owning that piece of land, developing and creating thousands of jobs with something that will be magnificent in a really magnificent area that nobody would know. Nobody can look because all they see is death and destruction and rubble and, and demolished buildings falling all over. It's just a terrible, terrible site. I've studied it. I've studied this very closely over a lot of months, and I've seen it from every different angle.


And it's a very, very dangerous place to be. And it's only going to get worse. And I think this is an idea that's gotten tremendous, and I'm talking about from the highest level of leadership, gotten tremendous praise. And if the United States can help to bring stability and peace in the Middle East, we'll do that. Baby. I mentioned again tonight are three goals, and the third goal is to make sure that Gaza never poses a threat to Israel. Again, president Trump is taking it to a much higher level. He sees a different, he sees a different future for that piece of land That has been the focus of so much terrorism, so much, so many attacks against us, so many, so many trials, and so many tribulations.


He has a different idea, and I think it, it's worth paying attention to this. We're talking about it. He's exploring it with his people, with his staff. I think it's something that could change history and it's worthwhile really pursuing this avenue. Again. It, it is hilarious to me that Trump says, I want to turn this area into a thriving center of commerce. I'm turn into a Riviera on the Middle East and people are saying, how could you be so cruel to the Palestinians? Your alternatives, please. Your conventional wisdom has, I'm just gonna say it over and over and over 'cause it's true. It's true. You keep saying the same thing over and over and over like a fool or a madman, and then nothing changes.


The place keeps being a terror ridden hellhole. And your response to the possible changing of that area into something that could actually be good is that you're upset about it in some way like that. That's, that's your first response. I, I have a feeling that maybe you might have a slightly different agenda. And President Trump made some other announcements at this press conference. He announced that the United States would be ending its support for the awful and evil UN Human Rights Council and the UN Refugee Works Agency, which is a corrupt tool of Hamas. I ended the last administration's defacto arms embargo on over $1 billion in military assistance for Israel.


And I'm also pleased to announce that this afternoon, the United States withdrew from the anti-Semitic UN Human Rights Council and ended all of the support for the UN Relief and Works Agency, which funneled money to Hamas and which was very disloyal to humanity Today, I also took action to restore a maximum pressure policy on the Iranian regime, and we will once again enforce the most aggressive possible sanctions, drive Iranian oil exports to zero and diminish the regime's capacity to fund terror throughout the region and throughout the world. Okay, so again, this is, this is correct.


You know, the conventional wisdom that you have to keep funding evil institutions to do evil things with American taxpayer dollars is pretty incredible. President Trump also had some comments about getting the rest of the hostages out, and what he said is, listen, Hamas should move on to a phase two here because what's going to come if they don't, is not going to be pleasant. We're working very hard to get all the hostages. The word is all. And we are working very hard so far. It's been moving along fairly rapidly, pretty much on schedule. It's, I'd love to have 'em all out at one time, but we're taking them out and tomorrow more are being released and over the days more, then we'll go into a phase two. But we'd like to get all of the hostages and if, if we don't, it will just make us somewhat more violent.


I will tell you that because they would've broken their word And the meeting between President Trump and Netanyahu and the entire team was of course very warm. President Trump shouted out other members of his administration in the middle of this press conference, pointing out the solidity of his administration in pursuit of these new ideas. Hey, JD Vance, everybody. Jd, please Vice president. Stand up. He's been doing a good job. He's been working very hard on all things, but this in particular, Okay, perhaps the funniest moment came when President Trump was asked at this press conference a question by a female Afghani reporter who apparently wanted him to recognize the Taliban or something and it didn't go amazing for her.


Go ahead, Afghani name, I expectation from you. Do you have any plan to change Afghanistan situation? Are you able to recognize Taliban because I'm an Afghan journalist, Afghan suffered woman. Any comment about Afghanistan? What's your future plan for Afghan people, especially Afghanistan? I have a little hard time understanding you. Where are you from? Oh, actually it's a beautiful voice and a beautiful accent. The the only problem is, I can't understand the word you're saying, but, but I just say this, good luck. Live in peace. Go ahead, please.


I'm sorry. The man, he's a funny man. He's a very, very funny man. Well, the second we'll get to President Trump's abroad policy, which he also announced yesterday, and it is a return to the maximum containment, maximum pressure campaign against the Iranian terrorist state.


First, no matter where you are watching or listening right now, take a second and hit that follow button. It doesn't cost you anything. It makes a huge difference in fighting back against the algorithm that really, really doesn't want you to hear the show. If you want the full show Uncensored, uninterrupted unshackled from big tech overlords, there's only one way to do that. Become a Daily Wire Plus member. As a member, you get unlimited access to our entire library of premium entertainment, including the Culture Shaping documentary. What is a woman and the Hilariously offensive box office Hit mi racist. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe now and join the fight.


And meanwhile, president Trump did announce yesterday and executive order cracking down on Iran. He has said he doesn't want war with Iran. He's not interested in a military strike if one can be avoided, but he's putting significant pressure on Iran, maximum pressure on the government of Iran to deny all of their path to a nuclear weapon. And President Trump was asked in the Oval Office while signing this executive order, and Mr. President, there's a lot of talk about Iran trying to assassinate you. What, what would happen if that happened? If it is Iran and their proxies who have threatened to retaliate against you? Yeah. And your team by killing you guys for taking out Soleimani. Well, they haven't done that, and that would be a terrible thing for them to do, not because of me.


If they did that, they would be obliterated. That'd be the end. I've left instructions. If they do it, they get obliterated. There won't be anything left. According to this brand new executive order from the White House, the Iranian government, including the IRGC, is using agents and cyber enabled means to target United States nationals living in the United States and other countries around the world for attacks, including assault, kidnapping, and murder. Iran has also directed its proxy groups, including Hezbollah's, Islamic Shihad organization to embed sleeper cells in the homeland to be activated in support of this terrorist activity, Iran bears responsibility for the horrific Hamas massacres committed on October 7th, 2023, and Bears responsibility for continued hout the attacks against the United States Navy, allied Navys, and international commercial shipping in the Red Sea since April, 2024.


The regime has twice demonstrated its willingness to launch ballistic and cruise missile attacks against the state of Israel around commits, grievous human rights abuses, and arbitrarily tain foreigners, including US citizens on spurious charges without due process of law, subjecting them to abuse. The United States stands with the women of Iran who faced daily abuse by the regime Iran's nuclear program, including its enrichment and reprocessing related capabilities and nuclear capable missiles poses an existential danger to the United States and the entire civilized world. It is therefore, in the national interest to impose maximum pressure on the Iranian regime to end its nuclear threat, curtail its ballistic missile program, and stop its support for terrorist groups. So maximum pressure is back on the Iranian regime. Now, at this point, I'd like to point out President Trump is no one's tool.


There are a lot of people out there, many of them don't like Israel, many of them don't like Jews who seem to think that President Trump is a mirror of their ideology. There are isolationists who like to think that there are interventionists who like to think that there are a lot of people who like to think that President Trump is simply an avatar for their particular philosophy. As I've said many, many times, president Trump is an avatar of no one's philosophy. President Trump does not have a thoroughgoing ideology. President Trump is about winning. He's about utilitarian wins. That is what he does, and that means he's gonna do things that many people don't like from time to time. As you've noticed, he knows things that I don't like, but the reality is that it's his outside the box thinking that makes things possible.


It makes things possible. So I don't know where this proposal is gonna go. You don't know either. It could be a negotiating tactic, it could be the opening of a bargaining session with the Saudis. It could be an attempt to put pressure on the Iranians. It could be an attempt to get the hostages out, or it could be face value, an attempt to actually do something extraordinary with a hellhole that has been turned into a hellhole by the population that decided to elect Hamas and the Hamas government that decided to turn it into a terrorist even, right? That may, maybe it's that we don't know yet. But bottom line, as I said, right at the top, let Donald J. Trump cook. And meanwhile, your quick update on President Trump's nominees there getting through at a staggering rate.


Pam Bounty is your new Attorney General. She was in fact confirmed yesterday. Meanwhile, RFK Junior has been moved out of committee. There was a lot of question about whether he was gonna make it out of Committee for Health and Human Services secretary, but last minute lobbying from the White House has put him on a glide path to his actual job as the head of HHS. Meanwhile, Tulsi Gabbard also made it through committee with help from Senator Tom Cotton, who of course is quite hawkish on the Senate Intelligence Committee. So it looks as though President Trump is going to get his cabinet. The three candidates who are the most likely to go down were Gabbard, RFK Jr. And Cash Patel. All three look like they're on a glide path to confirmation.


All the betting markets suggest they will be confirmed. And of course, Pam Bondy was confirmed yesterday. So all the people on the right who wanted Trump to get his cabinet, he's gonna get his cabinet. Now, speaking of the President in cooking, the President is set to issue an executive order today barring trans girls and women from a female school sports. What does that mean? The actual real headline there is men don't get to Play with the Girls, which I mean that used to be common sensical. The order is titled, keeping Men Out of a Woman's Sports is to be Signed Wednesday afternoon. It's not exactly clear what the order would entail, but one option is to direct the education department to interpret Title IX rules as borrowing the participation of trans girls and women in female sports categories, which of course makes perfect sense.


Since Title IX was designed to protect actual biological women. It was not designed in fact to protect men who believe that they are women. The NCAA has already indicated will move rapidly to change its rules to comply with federal law. So the thorough going defeat of the trans agenda is extraordinary. It's extraordinary. I've talked to you on the show about this. No company did more to help facilitate that defeat than The Daily Wire. We've been standing against this nonsense since literally the first day the company was founded. It was a standing rule at this company that we would never in any material ever refer to people by anything like quote unquote preferred pronouns. People would be referred to by what pronouns have always meant they're actual objective sex.


At this company, we have stood strong against a wide variety of crackdowns by big tech, by advertisers who have attempted to target us multiple times on the basis of our unwillingness to lie and say that men can be women and women can be men. And President Trump is doing the right thing there as he did a couple of weeks ago in fighting, quote unquote gender affirming youth for young people. Okay, so this is being ranted against by people like Cynthia Nixon, Cynthia Nixon, she of Sex and the City. You know, the one that nobody liked, Miranda, well, she ran for governor. Nobody liked her there either. And now she is claiming that hospitals must be allowed to cut the breasts off healthy young women and to cut the penises off healthy young men and to shoot kids full of hormones because every kid she knows is trans.


Now this of course, is insane. It is insane because it is very clear that this is a social contagion. Why is it that transgender identification seems to run real strong among wildly left blue Hollywood types? Why? Why are half the kids in Hollywood Trans? Is that just because of a weird genetic anomaly that is only located in the bluest of the areas with a high percentage of LGBT parents? Is that, is that the, is that the only re just magical genetic bottlenecking in these particular areas? Or is it a social contagion?


Here is Cynthia Nixon refusing to acknowledge the truth that is right in front of her eyes here. Most importantly, I am here today as the mother of a proud trans man. I'm here today as the aunt of a proud trans man. My best friend's kid is trans, and my kid's best friend is trans. My wife and I, our lives are filled with the most amazing, beautiful, brave trans people, young and old, but especially young.


My trans kid had his top surgery at NYUA number of years ago. His doctors were fantastic. His surgeon was the best we could have imagined. And the idea that the city is filled with young people who thought they had a place to go where they could receive the highest care, and that place has now been shut to them sickens me. And so everyone she knows is trans. Everyone, her kid, her nephew, her niece, her, all their friends, they had their breast tissue cut out at these places.


Here's the thing, she's gonna refuse to see the truth because the barbarity of what she's actually done to her own child is so obvious and clear. But this is this wild social contagion is over. This lie is over, it is done. It is finished. People are no longer gonna go along with this nonsense and kudos to President Trump again on doing the right thing. Meanwhile, it is hilarious to watch Democrats respond to the massive changes that are now being effectuated by the Trump administration. The federal government is now being told that if you don't quit, some of you gonna get fired. According to the Washington Post, a supervisor and a government agency now run by allies of Elon Musk told staff early this week, layoffs across the federal government are likely after Thursday's deadline to accept that deferred resignation offer according to an email obtained by the Washington Post, a step toward forcibly removing many of the 2.3 million civilian federal employees.


Well, yes, if you won't quit, then some of you will undoubtedly go. The CIA too has been offering sweeping buyouts to the entire workforce. Again, the idea here isn't to clear out the entire CIA, it's to say, if you don't wanna work for President Trump and do his priorities since he's the head of the Executive branch, well don't let the door hit you where the good Lord split you have, have at it. We'll see you later. You can take a payout. The goal is not to clean out the entire CIA, you still need CIA officers. The goal is to clear out to people who don't wanna do the thing the CIA was actually designed to do, namely target our enemies abroad using the intelligence apparatus rather than people at home using the intelligence apparatus. Now, hilariously, the Democrats are losing their minds over all of this.


So Hakeem Jeffries, the not speaker of the house, the house minority leader, he's very angry. He says, I can't believe they're raiding the federal government. They're raiding the federal. Okay? Babylon be had a great headline. Yesterday, they said, is a picture of President Trump is at first fascist in history to cut size of government. Yep. Here's Hakeem Jeffries trying to do the routine. They've done nothing as it relates to lowering the high cost of living. At the same time, they are raiding the government attempting to steal taxpayer money. That's what the situation at the Treasury Department is all about.


We will introduce the Stop the Steal Act in short order to prevent unlawful access with respect to the Department of Treasuries Payment System connected to people who are trying to steal personal, sensitive and confidential information. This, this is ridiculous. So you're worried about the spread of confidential. That's, that's your big complaint. My favorite line yesterday was from Chuck Schumer, who should never be allowed in front of a microphone Again. Chuck Schumer, the Senate minority leader. He says, Elon Musk is coming in here and he's trying to run this place like a tech startup.


This isn't the tech startup. This is the federal government. Tech startups are where people make billions of dollars off of innovation. The federal government is where we waste all those billions of dollars on stupid bullshit. Here's Chuck Schumer. The American people will not stand for an unelected secret group to run rampant through the executive branch. Being innovative is good, but Mr. Musk, this isn't a tech startup. These are public institutions that deal with things like social security and Medicare and national defense and provide for the wellbeing of the American people. And the American people have a right to be part of that debate.


Okay, so I'm, I'm confused. The American people have a right to be part of the debate about the spending, but you don't want it ever cut because the bureaucracy is there. Democrats are in a state of panic, and that means that they're getting dumber and dumber and dumber. Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez widely perceived on the left as a possible presidential candidate, is perhaps the dumbest member of Congress. I mean, truly a stupid human being who's trotted out only because she was basically cast in Hollywood. And Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez went to Instagram, which is where she truly wants to be a star, not in Congress to call Elon Musk stupid, which is legitimately like finding a 900 pound man who has grown into his couch criticizing the V shred guys for their standards of fitness, right?


I'm sorry, this specimen of mental incapacity is going to criticize the man who built SpaceX and Tesla and was an original PayPal investor. She's gonna criticize and call him stupid. What now? Okay, here we go. This dude is probably one of the most unintelligent billionaires I have ever met or seen or witnessed, which, you know, you can probably even glean that from watching these people on tv. Anyways, all of that is to say is that they don't do their homework clearly.


Like they're putting 19 year olds in at the Treasury. This dude is not smart. He is not. He's not smart. Every 19-year-old he's bringing in is like a world-class caliber coder. One of them, a 19-year-old kid used actual AI technology to decrypt a piece of like Greek writing that's 2000 years old and nobody been able to actually make out the writing. Those are the people that Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez is criticizing this complete NUS skull. Good luck with this particular art. Meanwhile, Jasmine Crockett, another one of the Democratic party luminaries, and she went on CNN where she complained about how tired she was of white tears.


Oh, goodness gracious. I am tired of the white tears. Listen, if you are competent, you are not concerned. When I walk into Congress every single day, you know why I don't feel a way and why you can't make me doubt who I am is because I know that I had to work 10 times as hard as they did just to get into the seat. When you look and you compare me to Marjorie Taylor Green or me to Lauren Bobert, there is no comparison. And that is the life that we have always lived. So the only people that are crying, or the mediocre white boys that have been beaten out by people that historically have had to work so, so much harder, She's had to work so much harder.


Truly, there's no comparison between her and Marjorie Taylor Green and Lauren Bobert. Okay? All righty then. Meanwhile, Ilhan Omar was caught on tape at some sort of seminar recently telling people, giving, giving advice to Somalis who are in the United States illegally on their legal rights in helping to avoid deportation. The so, so much pro-America happening so much. Han, She's speaking Somali, she says, I advise the Somalian people that of ICE attempts to question you.


They're not obligated to answer their questions. Just state that you are advised by a lawyer not to answer questions. Disclosure Of your name, immigration status, mode of entry is not mandatory. Learn the laws and prepare yourself. She says about illegal immigrants And in art And refrain from disclosing information. You would prefer them not to know Information. Well, maybe she'll be nice and offer these illegal immigrants a fake marriage so that they too can become citizens of the United States under false pretenses.


And meanwhile, nature is healing. It turns out that all it took to get the recruitment crisis pretty much done over a Department of defense, was it not being headed by a bunch of political generals who were worried about white rage. So Pete Hegseth took over, and it turns out the recruitment has skyrocketed. In fact, recruitment has been skyrocketing ever since. President Trump won. According to Secretary of Defense, hegseth, in December, 2024, the US Army had its best recruiting number in 12 years. In January, 2025, the Army had its best recruiting number in 15 years. Bottom line, America's youth wanna serve under the bold and strong America first leadership of Donald Trump. And then he tweeted out a new US Army ad. And guess what? The Army ad is about?


Members of the military kicking ass and taking names and not about exploring their L-G-B-T-Q identities and the possibility of free hormone treatment. And now people want to join the army. It's crazy. It's almost like when you tell people what the army is and what it's supposed to do, people might wanna do that thing. Crazy towns, here's the ad. These Are guys who are fighting mortars. And then you see them fighting. Some doing sit ups, tanks, guns, people climbing walls, bazookas grenades, night crawling, Firing from tanks.


Wait, you mean like when we, when we show people what the army does, young men might wanna join the army as opposed to when we tell them that they can re gender queer and maybe do a book analysis of Imex Kendi, they don't wanna join. I mean, wow, this, it turns out that was so difficult. It was so difficult. All right, well, folks on the line joining me to discuss the end of their possible sporting dreams. Jake Crane, Blaine Crane, David Cohen, the host of our very own crane and company, said by some to be the most passionate 90 minutes of sports talk in existence. They're also stars of lady Ballers, a film about their own athletic aspirations. Guys, I mean, I, I hate to break to you the news of the executive order today that President Trump is putting forth suggesting that Title IX will no longer apply to men who want to play with the women.


I know that's the entire premise of Lady Ballers. So Jake, explain your feelings on learning that your hopes and dreams have been dashed by the President of the United States. Well, Ben, first off, thanks for having us, even though it's, you know, under these circumstances, it took a lot of personal reflection when I heard about this, you know, sitting in my house looking outside, wondering what's next when you dream so much about being able to take over women's sports as a biological man. But, but then it hit me and I came to the realization that at the end of the day, it's something that had to happen. But I think the saddest part is that it needed to happen is that we've gotten to a point in society where somebody, a president with this type of power, had to sign an executive order to keep men outta women's sports.


Even though my dreams are dash man. And it hurts. I've come to the realization that I think the saddest part is we actually had to do this. 'cause this is actually a real thing that exists in society. So I'm willing to put my dreams on hold. I've got a couple other ideas. I've started playing chess, doing origami, even tooken up Krab McGraw. So it's, we'll see where it ends up. So Blaine, obviously this, it's a blow to you as well, especially since you were actually wrestling the ladies in, in lady Ballers, and it seemed like you were on a smooth glide path to, to a gold medal at the Olympics, actually, until this moment happened. So your feelings today, Well, you know, I never thought Donald Trump would come after my career. And, and we're seeing, and we're seeing this now, and to make it even worse, I mean here in Nashville that they just had a women's basketball team that's going to be coming here.


So now they're just throwing in my face, Ben, I will find every way, every way I can to keep this dream alive. And sir, I hope you're in my corner. Well, well, David Cohen, who actually did play college sports and, and was nearly the starting quarterback of a, of a major tape. David, what, what do you make of this moment? Obviously it's a, it's a, it actually is pretty incredible that, that we actually had to come to the point as a country where, seriously speaking, where we, we had to somehow tell colleges that it was wrong to allow biological men to compete with the ladies. What do you make of it? Nearly the quarterback. But I at least am grateful that we were able to make the global games before this move was initiated, because that's still one of the highlights of my life being able to lose the championship to a team called the Cowgirls.


But good on President Trump for making this move, for keeping his word on this issues. This has been, this is what I call a 99% issue. 99% of the American public knows that men shouldn't be competing in women's sports or changing in their locker rooms, or women in men's sports for that matter. That's a side of this we don't talk about too often, but 99% knows that. But they were silenced by a powerful 1% maj, 1% minority with corporations and with politicians, Hollywood celebrities. And so while this is a huge political move, this is even a bigger cultural move. And you say all the time that culture is down or politics is downstream of culture, and this is gonna give people their voices back to be able to speak out.


Because I think when people speak out, it's the best way for this history to keep from repeating itself. So while I have you guys here, because our, our get togethers are rare, I do have to ask you about this, this Lakers, Mavericks trade because I mean, honestly, it was probably the biggest story of the weekend. A lot happened over the weekend, including the possibility of the United States taking over the Caza strip. But, but I think the biggest story of the weekend was Luca IC to the Los Angeles Lakers. So Jake, on a scale of rigged to WWE, how rigged is the NBA that this trade happened to allow a 25-year-old superstar coming off a near MVP season to go to the Los Angeles Lakers, who it seems every generation get a generational talent just by coincidence through some sort of wildly unfair trade.


Yeah, I, I mean, I, I don't even want to disrespect the WWE e this is more a, a bunch of guys back where I'm from deciding to put a platform up and do a wrestling show for the neighborhood fake, the NBA is drowning in its stupidity. You look at the ratings, it's never been more unpopular. And to have to pull off a move like this, it's blatantly obvious. I've seen sports media people out there try and make it sound like the Mavericks, they were doing this 'cause they didn't trust Luca and his availability. And it's a long-term play. Well, you know, if you're gonna go on a diet and stop eating butter fingers, I don't think you just start eating Snickers. And by getting Anthony Davis, it totally ruins that theory. It's an absolute rig job. And at the end of the day, the NBA is having to grasp at straws to survive.


But Ben, we're gonna talk about this for a couple more weeks and then they're gonna have to do something even bigger. See, that's the thing with wrestling, you have to keep doing bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger things to surprise people and shock people. And they're gonna run outta stuff. I mean, LeBron's letting his kid play in the NBA and he's half the player that I am and I'm six one. He just made His first three Though. Yeah, he made his first three. Congrats. He did. That's that's one more than me. I, I, I I didn't see that actually that, that he made his first three the other night. Which again, I feel like if you put me in an NBA game for as many minutes as he's been in, yes I would have a shot just by chucking the ball at some point down the court. I've seen you play, I've seen you shot on, you could make a three. And that's the real question is how many more Hall of Fame players did LA does LeBron James need to team up with before he can actually try and chase down Michael Jordan.


But everyone wants to criticize, like my co-host over here, Blaine wants to criticize. Oh, I'm, oh, well, Michael Jordan played with Scotty Pippen while LeBron's over here playing with every single Hall of Fame player of his generation. Do you want to, okay, Do you wanna walk down? Do you wanna walk down this path right Now? No, I didn't intend to. Ben brought it up, but yeah, Michael Jordan's the greatest basketball player of all time. Michael Jordan won nothing without Scottie Pippen. See, nothing. See what you still have to deal with every day. Ben, he won nothing. I apologize to you that this happened. Facts Or facts. I mean, you, you can make him whatever illusion you want to in your head, but Michael Jordan won nothing without Scotty Pippen. Sorry, gimme, who's that? Hall of Fame Dallas. Send him over here. Maybe I can win another. Your fault, Ben, as An older brother, I have failed you. Oh man. Well, guys, if you wanna listen to 90 minutes of that, then go check out Crane and Company, our own sports show.


And guys, again, your, your legacy in women's sports will live on forever in Lady Ballers, which is available over at Daily Wire Plus. Appreciate the time, Ben. Thanks buddy. And yeah, we're gonna make it, we're gonna try, but we're gonna make it. We will win. All right guys. Coming up, president Biden has now signed a talent contract with CIA. I wish I were kidding. I'll try to explain. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.