
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success. Call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank Branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


President Biden came forth to show proof of life. He did a speech he was supposed to be his valid victory address, his explanation for why he was leaving the race. It was supposed to be sort of like that time that Ronald Reagan gave a farewell address where he talked about a shining city on a hill. The only problem, of course, is that Joe Biden is no longer capable of speaking and he wasn't willing to admit that he's no longer capable of speaking or thinking. 'cause he wants to remain president all the way up through January. And that made this very awkward. Just to recap so we understand where we are in time, it has not even been a month since the debate that basically ended his presidential campaign. That debate June 27th showed that Joe Biden was non-Comp Methodist, that he was not with it mentally unable of carrying forward the race and He didn't drop then he should have dropped years ago because he's mentally unfit for the job, but he didn't drop then.


Instead he waited for his polls to drop and they dropped and they dropped and they dropped. And then there was an assassination attempt on Donald Trump and Trump's polls rose even more and Biden's polls continued to drop. Then there was the Republican National Convention where Republicans came together in historic ways around President Trump. And Joe Biden's polls continued to drop and Democrat after Democrat began to sound off. First it was sort of lower level Democrats, various members of the house. Then there were some senators, mainly in embattled, purple states or red states like John Tester in Montana or Sherrard Brown in Ohio. Then you started to see the celebrity class like George Clooney and Michael Douglas sound off. And as the polls started to sink into the mire for Joe Biden, as 65% of Democrats or seven in 10 adults thought Biden should drop out.


Biden had to make a decision. And at the very end right when it appeared that maybe Joe Biden would stand up to the pressure, the donors and Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi simply pushed the old man off the cliff. And on July 21st, which was of course on Sunday, he announced via Twitter post, he actually put up a PDF of a letter that he would not be running anymore. And the media worship began the Democratic war. He was a patriot. He went from this terrible narcissistic old man who won't leave in his running into, nah. Whoa, whoa. He's amazing guys. Breaking news. He's amazing. Within two days, Kamala Harris had secured the nomination again by the intervention of the Democratic gods Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi. She had locked up everything she needed to put together that nomination.


And Joe Biden said on Sunday that he was going to give an address on Wednesday night explaining why exactly he dropped out. So he gave that address and he answered precisely zero questions. The only question that was answered by the address is whether he was alive. And the answer is just barely. Here's the very beginning of his quite awful 11 minute farewell address. He couldn't get through longer than that. He could barely get through this. I mean, if you thought there was a reason he should stay In the race. I mean this, this particular speech should have disabused you of that I'm speaking to tonight from behind the Resolute Desk In, the Oval Office. In this sacred space, I'm surrounded by portraits of extraordinary American presidents.


Thomas Jefferson wrote the immortal words that guide this nation, George Washington, who showed us presidents are not kings. Abraham Lincoln, who implored us to reject Malice Franklin Roosevelt, who inspired us to reject fear. I revere this office, but I love my country more Leading up to this speech. The big question was going to be why the President of the United States was going to explain why he was dropping out. Was he doing so for health reasons? It was perfectly evident from that speech that the president is failing, that he is fading. That is perfectly obvious to everyone. He could not make it through that 11 minute televised speech right there.


He could not make it through with a teleprompter in front of him. He stumbled over his words. He appeared that he was beginning to fall asleep. It is perfectly obvious to everyone who is watching that the reason why Joe Biden dropped outta the race and that is that he is in declining mental health. That he is in fact In the throes of some form of senility. That he is In the sunset period of his life that is clear to everyone who is watching that. And yet he couldn't say that. And the reason that he couldn't say that is because that would betray the reality, which is that he's been lying about it for years, that the media have been lying about it for years. That Kamala Harris, his vice president, has been lying about it for years. And so we're also supposed to sit here in rap in mystery as to why exactly he dropped out.


Did he do it because of health? We were told by his own press secretary, he didn't do it because of health. So why else did he do it? Well, presumably because he was losing, presumably because he was losing it is that simple? It's that simple. Now, the fact is that the president of the United States tried to make the case that this election is simply too important for him to be in it. He laid out a giant case as to why he's the greatest president that we've ever seen, that he's accomplished so much and he has so much more to accomplish. And yet he was writing it, 32% In the approval ratings. And he was getting skunked by President Trump In the polls. And that's the real reason he dropped out. And so the message that he put forth is that this election was too important for him to be in it somehow.


He was not willing to allow the people to speak on his presidency. Instead, he was going to withdraw early. And who's going to do so because he was unpopular? So again, this leaves a bunch of questions unanswered. Why was he so unpopular? It wasn't merely because of his il, it was obviously because of his policies. Why exactly is he giving away to a vice president Who's going to mirror all of those policies? And why does he keep saying that this is all about preservation of democracy. It's been the honor of my life to serve as your president. But In the defense of democracy, which is a stake I think is more important than any title. I draw strength and I find joy in working for the American people.


But this sacred task of perfecting our union, it's not about me, it's about you, your families, your futures. It's about we the people. We can never forget that. I mean the the fact of the matter is that if Joe Biden wanted the American public to give a referendum on him and his presidency, he could have just stayed In the race he could have. And he did not. He did not stay In the race. Instead, he dropped. He said the defensive democracy, which is at stake is more important than any title that it's bigger than his ego. And yet again, his defensive democracy amounted to, in this speech an explanation that he was going to rewrite the rules of the Supreme Court.


That he was going to make clear that the current status of our institutions is no good. That I believe America's at an inflection point, one of those rare moments in history when the decisions we make now will determine our fate of our nation and the world for decades to come, America's gonna have to choose between moving forward or backward between hope and hate, between unity and division, Between unity and division. And that if in fact, presumably Kamala Harris were rejected, it would be rejection of honesty, decency, respect, freedom, justice, and democracy. Those are the words that he used. Honesty.


And Kamala Harris is not an honest person. Decency, she's certainly not a decent person. Respect. Respect for what? Freedom. She's certainly not in favor of freedom from a government justice. And by justice Kamala Harris means tribal social justice or democracy. She's certainly not in favor of the idea that here the people rule as opposed to say government bureaucrats and agencies. But again, the case that Joe Biden has been making did not change one iota in this withdrawal speech. We know nothing about why he withdrew. If you were an alien, you traveled down to earth and this is the first speech you saw from President Biden, you would've no idea what In the hell he's talking about. He just kept coming back to this platitude over and over and over and over, that effectively speaking, democracy was at stake.


The democracy would be overthrown. And yet he did nothing to actually explain why that was the case or why that necessitated him dropping out. The only reference he made to why he dropped out was he said that it was clear to him he needed to unite his party in this critical endeavor. So he blamed other people in his party. He basically says, In the speech he was stabbed In the back by his own party. And the only way to get his party together in order to run against Donald Trump was for him to step outta the picture, he says that his record as president and leadership In the world, all merited a second term. That's a direct quote from him. I believe my record as president, my leadership In the world. My vision for America's future all merited a second term, but nothing, nothing can come In the way of saving our democracy.


That includes personal ambition. So I've decided the best way forward is the pass the torch to a new generation. That's the best way to unite our nation. He said it was time for new voices, fresher voices, younger voices that time and places. Now, question, why wasn't that time and place three years ago? Hell, why wasn't that time and place four years ago when he was running for president and it was clear that he was in a declining state? Why the the biggest remaining question from this speech, because again, Joe Biden is now a thing of the past. He's relic of the past. It doesn't matter. He's no longer of any import whatsoever because Joe Biden has been cast out. The Democratic Party has cast him out, but he is remaining president.


And so here is my question. After watching Joe Biden speak, do you think that that man has the capacity to be the president of the United States right now to today? If you do, how he could not get through a sentence from a televised speech that was supposed to be the apex of his career. He said, over the next six months, I'll be focused on doing my job as president. And then he just gave a litany of rote nonsense about how he's gonna solve climate change. And he was gonna stop the war in Ukraine and he's gonna solve all the problems, In, the Gaza Strip and all of the rest. But does that seem like the kind of man who's capable of holding it together for another six months? And if not, where is Vice President Kamala Harris, who has the signal ability to oust him from the office by invoking the 25th Amendment today?


That's how the 25th Amendment works. Section four of the 25th Amendment allows her, along with the majority of the cabinet to say he's no longer fit to hold the presidency and should become the president today. But she's not doing that. Instead, she's allowing him to continue to run the show or Jill to run the show or whomever to run the show because that man is not in charge. That man is not in charge. Now again, he did give a bit of an endorsement to Kamala Harris Just a few months. The American people will choose the course of America's future. I made my choice. I've made my views known. I would like to thank our great vice president, Kamala Harris.


She experienced, she's tough, she's capable. She's been an incredible partner to me and a leader for our country. But In the end, the biggest thing that he said over and over is that this was a republic and it would turn into some sort of dictatorship. If Donald Trump was elected. He finished by saying, let's act together to preserve our democracy And remember who we are. We're the United States of America, and there's simply nothing, nothing beyond our capacity, and we do it together. So let's act together, preserve our democracy. That's maybe the biggest lie of all that if you vote for Kamala Harris, somehow democracy has been preserved. And if you vote for a opponent, democracy has been overthrown.


And it's precisely that lie that leads people to think that it is a good idea to take a shot at your rival. You wanna know why there was an assassination attempt against President Trump? It turns out when you create a climate where you say that the election of your rival will lead legitimately in real time to the end of the republic, what do you think is going to happen? Joe Biden went on national TV just about a week ago, and he suggested it was time for Americans to come together and cool down the rhetoric. And here he is heating it up again in preparation for Kamala Harris, who literally led off her first rally with a crowd shouting, lock him up about Donald Trump. While Joe Biden's, DOJ tried to do just that. Truly wild stuff, no questions were answered, all concerns were underscored.


The only thing we learned from this speech is that he is not technically dead. We'll get to more on this in a moment.


First, let there be no doubt big tech In, the far left, have joined forces to purge America of conservative views. So why are we choosing to give these big tech companies all of our personal data? The battle lines have been drawn, big tech has made it clear which side they're on at this point. Well, now would be the time to take a stance, protect your personal data from big tech with the VPN Irus from my online protection, expressive VPN. See, every device, whether you're on your phone, laptop, or tv, has unique string of numbers called an IP address. When you search for stuff, watch videos, or even click a link. Big tech companies can use that IP to track all your activity and then tie it back to you. When I use Express VPN, my connection gets rerouted through their secure encrypted servers. So those companies can't see my IP address at all. My internet activity comes anonymized. My network data is encrypted. The best part, you don't need to be tech savvy at all to use expressive VPN. You just download that app on your phone or computer, tap one button, and now you're protected. So stop handing over your data to big tech companies whose aim is to censor you and spy on you. Instead, defend your rights. Protect your internet activity with the VPN I use every single day. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. Again, that's X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ben. Get three extra months for free. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash ben right now to learn more.


Now again there, there are many questions that could have been answered by Joe Biden in that little address. He could have answered why he decided to step down. It was just a week ago, he was saying only a force of God could cause him to step down. What was that force of God? Was it just Nancy Pelosi whispering evil? Nothings in his ear. Why exactly should democratic voters, 14 million of whom voted for him, be deprived of the power of their vote? He didn't answer that question either. Why didn't make the decision to drop out months ago? This is one of the biggest coverups in American political history. Why did he not make this decision months ago? And he can pretend that it was because of something other than his health. But it is clear that his dropping poll numbers are a reflection of both his policy and his health.


And again, why isn't he resigning the presidency today? Why isn't he resigning the presidency tonight? He should have. I mean, you saw that performance just a moment ago. That performance is egregious. That performance is astonishing. What the hell was that? I have no idea what that speech was supposed to accomplish other than I suppose, proof of life. He should have held up a copy of today's newspaper so We can make sure that he actually was alive because there was nothing there, literally nothing. And herein lies the problem for the Democratic party. That man will be president for the next six months and Kamala Harris will have to answer for him, and she should answer for him.


Now, I know that Democrats can count on the media. I know that the headline snet are gonna be about the, the rich valedictory of our patriotic hero president whose greatest heroic act apparently was being a terrible president who dropped outta the race. But by that token, we've had many heroic employees here at Daily Wire who have not done their jobs and then have been fired or quit. That's happened before. If the height of valor is quitting a job you are bad at, then I suppose that Joe Biden wins the gold medal here because frankly, he's the first president since LBJ to do it in 1968. And LBJ had already served a term and a half at that point. But the real question is, why is he not going now? Why is he not going now?


So Kareem Jean Pire, as I mentioned earlier today, she was asked this, she was asked, you know, why, why is he standing aside? She says, don't worry. It has nothing to do with his health whatsoever. Again, they, they can't even stop themselves from lying. Now when it's over, when it's too late, You read the President's statement where he said that it's In the country's best interest for him to step aside. Why is it In the country's best interest for him to step aside? Does it have to do with his health or it does not have To do there, it have nothing to do with his health. Again, the president's going to speak to this directly to the American people tonight in prime time. I know many of you all will be watching it. There's specials going on tonight. He will, I promise you, he will speak to this directly to all of you tonight.


I mean, he, he didn't speak directly to any of that. He didn't speak to why he dropped out. He didn't speak to his health. He didn't speak to any of that. But the answer is perfectly obvious in your face, in your ears. And they're still lying. They can't stop themselves from lying. Somebody needs to ask Kamala Harris every day for the rest of this campaign. Why is Joe Biden fit to be the president of the United States today, not three years from now today? Let her answer that question. If she's such an honest, respectful, honorable, just human being as Joe Biden just told us, why can't she answer that simple question? Corina Jean Pere also says, he's not a lame duck president. No, a lame duck president would suggest that the duck is lame. He's a dead duck president.


He's stuffed on the mantlepiece. This dude is not capable of carrying off the out the office. And every single person knows this. No concerns about being a lame duck. We don't see ourselves as a lame duck president at all, at all. In, in this, in this period of time. This is a president that has been incredibly successful and he's going to do everything that he can to continue to fight for the American people. I would say stay tuned. Watch, Stay tuned. Watch they, they keep saying this watch nonsense. Joe Biden used it for months. They asked, how can you, how can you hold up? And we go, watch. Watch what? I just watched it mad. Dude, you are a walking corpse.


You look like something from the Walking Dead. You look like 28 days later, like, what is happening here? What is happening? And make no mistake, Kamala Harris is propping this up. Okay? Kamala Harris is the new candidate and she's propping this up Here is Kamala Harris today calling Joe Biden a bold leader with a bold vision today. And you just saw him get on national tv, you saw that words cannot come out of his face hole properly. Here is Kamala Harris, your presidential candidate on the democratic side of the aisle, a a, a shining light of truth and justice in a cold, dark world. According to our senile President end, I wanna just share with you a little bit about him based on what I know, based on personal experience, Joe Biden is a leader with bold vision.


He cares about the future. He thinks about the future. He has extraordinary determination and profound compassion for the people of our country. No, he doesn't. He doesn't have any of those things. He's been in politics since he was 29 years old. He's as corrupt as the day is long and he won't leave because if he left now, he'd have to leave in complete disgrace. He's hoping to at least finish out his term. He's desperately hoping that Kamala Harris ends up as president of the United States so he can say he passed the baton. But the reality is he's a bad president and he answered no questions. And none of those questions have been answered. And the rest of the world is looking and they're licking their lips at the possibility of another six months of this senility followed by God forbid, another four years at the minimum of Kamala Harris.


All of which sounds unbelievably stupid.


But do you know what's stupid? Do you know what stupid? That you know what's not stupid? Getting life insurance. Getting life insurance will give you peace of mind, knowing that if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. Policy Genius is the country's that leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for a family easy and quick. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers and find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Might not follow you if you leave your job. Policy Genius works for you, not the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. So save time, save money. Provide your family with financial safety net using Policy Genius. Head on over to Policy Genius dot com slash shapiro Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's Policy Genius dot com slash shapiro. Again, policygenius.com/shapiro Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save.


And so part and parcel of Kamala Harris' dishonesty is the media's dishonesty. So the media have been utterly and completely dishonest. Of course, of course, of course. About Joe Biden's health. And now they're merely swiveling and they're being dishonest about Kamala Harris. So we got about two and a half weeks of media coverage where they were honest. And boy was that a breath of fresh air. I mean, it was just, it was a bucket of joy. I was enjoying it. I mean, seriously. Remember I visited Congress and it was like a week and a half now, and when I visited Congress, all the Democrats were scurrying across the halls trying to avoid members of the media, asking them questions. and it was the first time in my life where I felt the delicious feeling that Democrats must feel all the time where the media actually asked difficult questions of their opponents.


Like that's amazing. I was watching them, the Democrats being asked difficult questions and then it, it all stopped because Joe Biden dropped outta the race. And now we are back to fully pumping Kamala Harris up like a Goodyear Tire. It's incredible. I mean, the media are going outta the way. Now we're back to Massage Parlor Media. That's where we are now, we are back to Kamala Harris is the greatest politician you have ever seen. It's like the original Manchurian candidate. Raymond Shaw is the kindest, gentlest, most wonderful human being I've ever known. Kamala Harris is the kindest, gentlest, most honest, most wonderful, most articulate, most beautiful person any of us have ever known. The media shifted from Kamala Harris is a terrible vice president who's really unpopular.


And Joe Biden is senile to Joe Biden is an honest, wondrous patriot. And you will love him. You'll respect him. That is your job. And Kamala Harris, my, have you ever seen a candidate like Kamala Harris? Oh goodness gracious me. Oh, ugh. The thrill that's running up. Chris Matthews at Chris Matthews. Unbelievable. Like just, just the, the shift in time from them doing their job to just picking up the pom-poms and going right back to the sidelines to Cheerlead is truly amazing, truly incredible. Headline after headline about the wonders and joys of Kamala Harris, how incredible she is. The Washington Post headline Biden passes torch in somber speech. Wow.


Wow. Just incredible. Meanwhile, the same Washington Post talking about how Kamala Harris is the victim of victim of racism. So, such a, such a victim. Such a victim. Harris Ascent fills some black women with jubilation and fear says the Washington Post. Wow. I mean, that's the big story, is that some people are afraid for no reason. Anyone can discern the New York Times. How Kamala Harris took command of the Democratic Party in 40 hours. She didn't do nothing. Are you kidding? Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama shoved this thing into her hands. Or how about this one? Charles Blow Democrats, all of them must protect Harris in Incre.


Incredible journalism. Incredible, incredible journalism. The New York Times Harris works to build bridges In the business world. Oh really? Is that what she does? She works to, you know, aside from being quasi socialist, she's building bridges. You know, that's really what she is doing right now. Meanwhile, Politico is talking about Kamala Harris's TikTok surge. Woo, Kamala Harris's TikTok surge. Wow, that must, that must be amazing. Gavin Newsom Marvels at Harris's. Quick start. I pity Donald Trump right now, Ken doll clown. and it just, just amazing stuff. I, meanwhile, the rewriting of history goes on a pace. My favorite is, is the sort of overenthusiastic exclamations of excitement from Democrats.


So Eric Swalwell, with whom I have a bit of a personal history over the last two weeks since he be clowned himself in front of me. In, in front of Congress, Eric Swalwell, the Congressman from California, he described the most important qualities about Kamala Harris. Namely, she likes to dance and she likes to cook. Which by the way, if I said they'd call it sexist, but Eric Swalwell says it so it's perfectly fine and also cool 'cause she's the cool auntie who's super brat. You know, like brat. Oh my God, she's so brat. Oh my God, I can't roll my eyes hard enough for any of this without them falling completely out of my head. Here's Eric Swalwell. Someone said to me yesterday, she's winning the meme war. Tell me about the action. Oh, the meme war. Wow. And tell me about the political significance of what Congressman Frosts says there.


Yeah, Well, she's just real, and, and, and young people, they can call BS so fast, they can Google it and check you so quickly. So when they see somebody who's just comfortable in their own skin, she likes to dance, she likes to cook. And yes, she has used, you know, analogies or sayings from her family that, or the first time we ever heard 'em. And they land and, and they're funny. And again, she is serious, but she doesn't take herself too seriously. Oh my Lord, oh my lord. She's serious. But she doesn't take herself. She's so authentic. She's so comfortable in her own skin. Have you ever seen anybody as uncomfortable in her own skin as Kamala Harris?


Honest to goodness, she looks like that alien from men in black who's wearing around a human skin suit most of the time. She doesn't know how arms are supposed to work. She's bedazzled by Venn diagrams and electric buses. And we're supposed to believe that this crazy lady is somehow comfortable in her own skin. Well, when they're not trying to recon exactly who Kamala Harris is, they're trying to recon her record. So James Carville is out there pretending that she was never border czar, which is weird 'cause she was the border czar. It's not my fault. Joe Biden decided to put her in charge of the border. That was his dumb decision. Here's James Carville trying to pretend that never happened In terms of the border. You know, you could point the truth out. It's not gonna do any good. She was never border czar. She was put in charge of trying to coordinate diplomatic activities from countries that a lot of these migrants were coming from.


But the, she's got a couple of couple hours in equivalent. First of all that they turned, they walked away from a deal that was negotiated by conservative Republicans that had the endorsement of all of the border agencies and they walked away from it because they didn't want a solution. The second thing that she can point to rather legitimately is border crossings are down. They're really trying to make it the case that she was not. The borders are, while she presided over the worst migration crisis in American history, time Magazine had a headline. Kamala Harris wasn't The borders are, or how about Axios claiming that Harris was never the borders are. How about USA today? Harris's border work was on root causes of migration.


She wasn't in charge. Oh, is that how this works? She wasn't in charge. So she complained about not being in charge enough. Then when she was put in charge, she failed. But don't worry she wasn't in charge. That's a, that's a great excuse. That is a wonderful, incredible excuse. Just really well done. So what are her actual qualifications? Elizabeth Warren explains that her actual qualifications is that, well, she did visit an abortion clinic and as we all know, that makes you qualified to be president of the United States. So if you've ever visited an abortion clinic for any reason, you are now qualified to be president of. In fact, the more abortions the better. Here is Elizabeth Warren making some point that frankly I don't understand. We have to remember, vice President Harris is one of the most qualified people to run in decades.


What do you think has been her biggest accomplishments since she's been vice president? Oh, I have to say since the Dobbs opinion, the way that she has rallied women and friends of women also called men around this country on the issue of abortion and just taken it home. First vice president in history to visit an abortion clinic. Go get 'em. Wow. She talks about abortion ladies and that makes her qualified to be president of the United States because abortion, abortion, abortion, abortion. Abortion. Abortion, abortion. Ooh, wow. We're all so impressed. CNN is impressed. They say she's running a celebrity friendly campaign, which is precisely what you need to win those blue collar voters in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin is you need celebrities on board.


We are seeing In, the entertainment industry, Kate, comparing it to the Obama years, which of course were huge celebrity friendly years. Now, today I hear that the Harris campaign has organized a briefing with the entertainment industry. Celebrities will be on that zoom. They want to talk to 'em about how they can support. Wow, I'm so excited. Now here is the reality. Kamala Harris is a deeply radical candidate. We'll get to that momentarily.


First, Grand Canyon University Private Christian University in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. GCU believes we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life. Liberty, the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunities and that the American dream starts with the purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and creates a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, your community, where they pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU Online on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December 20, 23, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours Find, your purpose at Grand, Canyon, University Private Christian and affordable, visit gcu.edu. Again, that's gcu.edu.


Also, Jeremy's razors, it's celebrating Christmas in July and it is July, but but not Christmas, but it's Christmas in July. Right now you got the second Gen Precision five razor for 25% off. The magic is happening. The Precision five has been radically redesigned, featuring sharper blades that last longer. Plus it features a precision trimmer for achieving sharp clean edges once again, 25% off for our Christmas in July celebration. Head on over to jeremy's razors.com. Precision at five Razor. Get an exceptionally smooth and close shave today, alrightyy.


So how radical is Kamala Harris? Exactly According to the Wall Street Journal, as Vice President Harris has mo moved largely in lockstep with President Biden on economic issues. Some analysts see this record as a roadmap. Before her time In the administration, she sometimes differed with Biden, often by f favoring bigger governmental interventions. In the economy. Excited. Are we getting ready for a higher taxes and higher inflation? Yes, it will be wonderful. She was, by the way, the deciding vote on the inflation reduction act, which did not reduce inflation. So for all the talk about how she's not responsible for inflation, she's actually singularly responsible for inflation since it was her vote that put the thing over the top. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris backs the revocation of the Donald Trump tax cuts.


So if you want your taxes to radically increase in 2025, definitely vote for Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris also wants something called the Rent Relief Act, which would've provided a tax credit mostly for renters who make up to 10 a hundred thousand dollars and spend at least 30% of their gross income on rent and utilities, which of course would drive up the rent because rent control drives up the rent. She also wants to radically increase teacher pay, which of course will drive up inflation because when you artificially increase pay, you get into a wage price spiral. That is what kind of president she'll be. But I think the single most indicative point about Kamala Harris' politics was shown in full color today. So Kamala Harris decided it was not important. Nay, it was actually a bad idea for her to attend a speech by the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu in Congress.


Why does this matter? Well, the Vice President of the United States is the presiding officer In the Senate. She decided she wasn't gonna do that 'cause she had to speak to a sorority in Indianapolis. It was deeply important for to attend the sorority event in Indianapolis. By the way, not just her half of Democrats in Congress skipped Netanyahu's speech. If you are talking about a party in full moral decay, the Democratic Party is it. According to Axios, roughly half of House and Senate Democrats skipped Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's addressed to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday. Now, I've never heard of anything like this. Seriously, an ally in a time of war, and the leader shows up to garner support for that war against an eliminationist terror group called Hamas and it's terror Pay masters in Iran and half of Democrats don't show up.


Now, I don't care whether Democrats like Bibe or don't like Bibe. He's the elected leader of a foreign country. Named the last time an elected leader of a foreign country gave a congressional address in front of all of Congress and half of one party didn't show up. Can you name one? You cannot. And the reason that the Democrats are doing this is because the Democrats are held hostage by their pro hama space. That is why that is what is going on right here among the Boycotters were former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, former House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn and representative Alexandro Ocasio-Cortez, who was busy bartending somewhere roughly a hundred House Democrats and 28 Senate Democrats were present In the Chamber for the Israeli Prime Minister's speech, meaning half of both caucuses were absent.


This is not about Bibi Netanyahu. This is about Barack Obama's democratic party. I was there in 2012 when the Democratic National Convention voted by voice vote not to say that Jerusalem was the capital of Israel and they were overruled by Antonio vso. Barack Obama made a shift In the mentality of Democrats with regard to Israel and they have never yet recovered. Nancy Pelosi put out his full statement, quote, Benjamin Netanyahu's presentation In the house chamber today was by far the worst presentation of any foreign dignitary invited and honored with the privilege of addressing the Congress of the United States. I've never heard anything remotely like that, have you? I haven't heard anything like that. That's insane. I mean, when Zelensky came, did she say, wow, that was a terrible speech?


God, I can't believe he gave that speech just an awful, awful speech. Truly impressive stuff. She, many of us who love Israel spent time today listening to Israeli citizens whose families have suffered In. the wake of the October 7th Hamas terror attack and kidnappings. These families are asking for a ceasefire deal that will bring the hostages home. We hope the Prime Minister would spend his time achieving that goal. So she's putting the failure to achieve that goal, not on the terror group that is currently holding babies and old women. No, she's putting that on Benjamin Netanyahu, and that is this party. This is the party of Rashida Tali. This is the party of the radical pro Hamas protestors who are burning flags today. Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson. He says he was shocked that Kamala boy caught a baby. He shouldn't be that shocked, obviously, because it's been trending this way for a while.


It was a bipartisan speech. I think that's important. The support of America for Israel has always been a bipartisan matter. I was rather shocked that Kamala Harris chose to boycott the speech today. She should have been sitting next to me up there. It's pretty shameful, and I think she'll have to answer for that. It is indeed shameful, except when you realize that the Democratic party has been taken over by the radical intersectional crowd that believes that the Palestinian authority and Hamas are merely unsuccessful because they've been victimized by the cruel successful Jews. When you realize that the intersectional philosophy that suggests that success is merely a reflection of exploitation, when you realize that that's the Democratic party, now you understand everything that's going on.


Rashida Taleb for her part naturally, because this is who she is. She held up a war criminal sign during Netanyahu speech. You can see her holding it up right there and realize she's gonna self declare, but there you have it. Meanwhile, In the lead up to Netanyahu's speech, the protestors, all of whom are gonna vote for Kamala Harris. Let's be real about this. One of the reasons that the Democratic base is supposedly more excited about Kamala Harris is because Kamala Harris is in fact anti-Israel In, the same way that Barack Obama was anti-Israel, at least by all indicators, means she literally said, she literally said last week that she believes In the passion of the people who are protesting against Israel. She said that in an interview, so it's clear where her heart lies, and it's clear that the people who burn American flags are gonna vote for Kamala Harris.


These are also the same people who released maggots and crickets at the Watergate Hotel where Netanyahu is staying despicable people. I mean, this is a picture. You can see the Israeli flag In, the American flag In the background, and somehow these disgusting pro Hamas activists broke into the hotel, the Watergate Hotel, and they spilled bugs everywhere because they're trash people, so it shouldn't have been hard for them to find bugs. Meanwhile, pro Komo protestors literally removed the American flag from Union Square. So Union Square has three giant flagpoles that all carry the American flag. All three of them went down. Where? Where are the authorities here? Where are the Washington DC Police?


I thought this sort of stuff was a threat to democracy. Apparently not. They removed the American flag, proceeded to burn the American flag, and then raised the Palestinian flag above Union Station, the flag of a state that would have a terror government. The only government that currently rules In, the Gaza Strip and the West Bank is either Kamas or kamas associated. Here were some of these pro kamas protestors burning the American flag while yelling Alahu Akbar and burn that bleep. You can't see this burn that they're literally, they're chanting burn that bleep dancing around with Palestinian flags and burning the American flag, burning the American flag while they're hanging Donald Trump in effigy.


Of course, of course. Shocker, because that's who these people are. That's who these people are. The chaos at Union Park, by the way, didn't stop there. It ended with the attempted beating of police officers. Here's some of the footage of the cast that broke out at Union Park. I mean, I thought that attacking police officers was a threat to the Republic. I thought, I mean, Joe Biden just told me, so I I I, I thought January 6th is the worst thing that ever happened, In the history of mankind. But so long as you're holding a Palestinian flag and, and suggesting solidarity with terrorists, apparently it's totally fine. Here they are trying to push police officers around the police officers retreating because it's Washington DC.


Meanwhile, they simply ma they they just vandalize monuments. I mean, these are American monuments and they're vandalizing them. Here is some of the pictures and footage they literally wrote on a, a giant monument outside Union Station. Hamas is coming, Kamas is coming. Kamas is a terrorist group, and these protesters don't gimme this crap about how they're just against Israel. They literally wrote on here, all Zionists are bastards. The upside down red triangle, which is supposed to signify a target for Hamas to strike. This is a memorial for Christopher Columbus that they are spray painting with Hamas. Where are the authorities? Where are the cops? Where are they?


They vandalized a replica of the Freedom Bell. Here's a, here's the, here, here's what it looked like. All these pictures vandalized Monument of Christopher Columbus vandalized Monument saying, free Gaza vandalized Freedom Bell. There's the Liberty Bell. They, they vandalized it and it wrote F Israel next to it. These are trash human beings. And guess what? They're all gonna vote for Kamala Harris. They're all gonna vote for Kamala Harris. They're the people that Joe Biden has been softly attempting to pander to for the last almost year. And Kamala Harris gonna pick that up. Where is Kamala Harris Now, you know what she'll say? She'll say, I don't like vandalism. Vandalism, vandalism is really not the way you should and you know we got to be, but is she gonna condemn the actual viewpoints of people who are standing for Kamas?


Of course not, because half her caucus stands for Kamas. Now, all of this begs the question, what did Netanyahu say that was so all fired, controversial. In a second, we'll play you some of what Netanyahu had to say. Not one word of it was controversial, not one. It is the most bipartisan, obviously, true speech that's been given in Congress for quite a while because there is literally nothing there that should be in In, the Remotest way controversial. Get to that momentarily.


First, when we started The Daily Wire, the biggest question mark was what we would do with hr. It's very difficult to hr. Well, we are so focused on creating engaging content. It was difficult to find a managing professional capable of handling day-to-Day HR tasks. Well, if this sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambi. With Bambee, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're getting a dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and realtime chat. They'll handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, and performance reviews. With Bambi's HR Autopilot feature, you can streamline essential HR practices like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time, what really matters to your business. All of Bambi's HR managers are based In the United States, and can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost 80 grand annually. Bambi starts just 99 bucks monthly. So no matter the size of your business, Bambi can work for you. Do not wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation. Visit Bambee dot com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. Spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. That's Bambee dot com. Type in Ben Shapiro to get started. Again, most businesses don't think about it, but h HR can really bite you. In the butt. If you're not watching out, go check them out right now. Bambee dot com, type in Ben Shapiro to get started.


Okay, so what was so radically controversial about the Benjamin Netanyahu's speech in Congress? The answer, of course is nothing. So when he came in, he was given a huge standing ovation by the Republicans, the entire Republican party, with the exception of, of course, Thomas Massey showed up. Here's what it sounded like. Again, half the Democrats aren't there. They're too busy cheering for the pro Kamas protestors outside. The Democrats had to go to their number three Ben Cardin in order to even get somebody In the chair behind Netanyahu. Okay, so what exactly did Bibi have to say? Well, the prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, he pointed out that this is not a clash of civilizations.


It is a clash instead between barbarism and civilization itself. This is not a clash of civilizations. It's a clash between barbarism and civilization. It's a clash between those who glorify death and those who sanctify life for the forces of civilization to triumph. America and Israel must stand together because when we stand together, something very simple happens. We win, they lose Again. That seems pretty obvious. I mean, I what? What is, what is non bipartisan about that?


Why are what their do democrats really not appreciate? Do they appre? Do they, do they have a problem with labeling Hamas barbarians? Is that, is that offensive to their ears? Is that really the problem here? Netanyahu went out of his way to thank Biden himself for his tireless efforts. Obviously, this is him being nice because Biden has slow walked aid to Israel and has activated half of the Democrats that Joe Biden personally knows to try to oust Netanyahu. This is one of the possible reasons why Biden has been hesitant about meeting Netanyahu. Maybe because he's been attempting to oust Netanyahu from office, and now there's a pretty good shot that Netanyahu outlasts him in office. Here is Netanyahu, however, going out of his way to say nice things about President Biden. I want to thank President Biden for his tireless efforts on behalf of the hostages and for his efforts to the hostage families as well.


I thank President Biden for his heartfelt support for Israel after the Savage attack on October 7th. He rightly called Hamas sheer evil. Okay? Then Netanyahu went out of his way to defend Israeli soldiers against the absolute disgusting slander that they've engaged in a genocide, which is a total lie. It is a total fraudulent fable. It's a lie. He had brought some of the soldiers who had served with him, many of whom have been wounded. I mean, thousands of Israeli soldiers have been wounded at this point going house to house in a region where they really don't need to go house to house. They could just bomb from the air. They're not doing that in order to preserve Palestinian life. Here is Netanyahu describing members of the IDF, My friends.


These are the soldiers of Israel, unbounded, undaunted, unafraid. As the Bible says, they shall rise like lions. They have risen like lions, the lions of Judah, the lions of Israel, ladies and gentlemen, the men and women of the IDF come from every corner of Israeli societies, every ethnicity, every color, every creed left and right, religious and secular, all are imbued with the indomitable spirit of the Maccabees, the legendary Jewish warriors of antiquity.


Okay? Then he went out of his way to slap at the protestors, and again, this is a well aimed slap because the protestors were literally outside by the thousands burning American flags while he was speaking In the middle of the day, My friends, defeating our brutal enemies requires both courage and clarity. Clarity begins by knowing the difference between good and evil, yet incredibly Mandi, many anti-Israel protestors, many choose to stand with evil. They stand with Hamas, they stand with and murders. Okay? And then he continued by pointing out that there's good information that Iran has actually been funding many of these protest groups.


And then he got off, what was the line of the day he suggested? He's talking about gaze for Gaza. He said, this is like chickens for KFC. We recently learned from the national security director, director of US, director of National Intelligence, that Iran is funding and promoting anti-Israel protests in America. They want to disrupt America. So these protestors burn American flags even on the 4th of July, and I wish to salute the fraternity brothers at the University of North Carolina who protected the American flag, protected the American flag against these anti-Israel protestors.


For all we know, Iran is funding the anti-Israel protests that are going on right now outside this building. Not that many, but they're there and throughout the city. Well, I have a message for these protestors. When the tyrants of Tehran who hang gaze from cranes and murder women for not covering their hair are praising, promoting and funding you, you have officially become Iran's useful idiots. Some of these protestors hold up signs proclaiming gaze for Gaza. They might as well hold up signs saying, chickens for KFC. He is of course, exactly right about it Again, what?


What here I understand that it's become partisan because Democrats have decided it's partisan. What here is somehow non bipartisan? Where is the worst speech you ever heard a leader give? As Nancy Pelosi suggested in clip seven, Netanyahu pointed out that Iran is behind all of it and that Iran hates Israel because it also hates America, which of course is true. Iran does hate America. They call America the great Satan. Israel is the little Satan, My friends In, the Middle East. Iran is virtually beyond behind all the terrorism, all the turmoil, all the chaos, all the killing. And that should come as no surprise when he founded the Islamic Republic.


Aya pledged, we will export our revolution to the entire world. We will export the Islamic Revolution to the entire world. Now, ask yourself, which country ultimately stands In, the way of Iran's maniacal plans to impose radical Islam on the world? And the answer is clear. It's America, the guardian of western civilization and the world's greatest power. That's why Iran sees America as its greatest enemy. Okay? Again, he's right about that, and he points out the solidarity between Israel and the United States when it comes to what the Iranians are seeking to do.


My friends, if you remember one thing, one thing from the speech, remember this, our enemies are your enemies. Our fight is your fight and our victory will be your victory. So Netanyahu went on to describe how he was looking for what he called an Abraham alliance, right? Based on the Abraham Accords. He suggested that there would have to be an alliance between Israelis and Arabs, a natural extension of what he called the groundbreaking Abraham Accords. And he went out of his way to thank President Trump for that. This Clipp 10, The new alliance I envision would be a natural extension of the groundbreaking Abraham Accords.


Those accords saw peace forged between Israel and four Arab countries, and they were supported by Republicans and Democrats alike. We could call. I have a name for this new alliance. I think we should call it the Abraham Alliance. I want to thank President Trump for his leadership in brokering the historic Abraham Accords. Again, this is about as bipartisan as he gets. He thanks Biden for his erstwhile support and he thanks Trump for the Abraham Accords. He's scheduled to meet with President Trump, by the way, on Friday.


So what exactly is the thing that caused half the Democrats to walk out? And the answer is a perverse ideology that once again suggests that there is something nefarious and evil about those who succeed in life, whether we are talking internationally or whether we are talking domestically. And that leads to an absolutely al Puel animus, a cowardly foreign policy on behalf of the United States. It leads to a disgusting ideology about success and entrepreneurship within the United States, and Kamala Harris carries all of that. She carries all of that in just one second. We'll get to more.


First, your God-given freedoms are in fact under threat. Your elected officials who have sworn to defend your freedom, well, we know they can't be trusted. They think they can violate your right to protect your family and force their delusions onto your kids. But you know what they can't take away is self-reliance and peace of mind. So equip yourself for anything with emergency items like water filtration. I charged a solar generator, long-lasting food on your shelf from My Patriot Supply. Having served millions of American families, My Patriot Supply is the most trusted name in survival. Go to prepare with bend.com right now. Save 200 bucks on their bestselling three month emergency food kit. The price will never be this low again. It delivers over 2000 calories per day, sealed inside practically unpersonable packaging. It lasts up to 25 years in storage. Head on over to prepare with ben.com. Save 200 bucks per kit. Free shipping is included. Prepare with ben.com. Again, that's prepare with ben.com. Now, the government even says that in case of earthquake, in case of fire, in case of all sorts of emergencies, you should make sure that you have enough on hand to take care of yourself and your family. That's what prepare with ben.com is for head on over to prepare with ben.com. Save 200 bucks per kit. Free shipping is included. Prepare with ben.com.


Okay, Netanyahu concludes his speech with, again, a bipartisan appeal. Here's what he had to say Through thick and thin, in good times and in bad. Israel will always be your loyal friend and your steadfast partner on behalf of the people of Israel, I came here today to say thank you America. Thank you for your support and solidarity. Thank you for standing in Israel with Israel in our hour of need together, together we shall defend our common civilization. Together we shall secure a brilliant future for both our nations.


May God bless Israel. May God bless America, and may God bless the great alliance between Israel and America forever. Now, again, I think one of the reasons you get the big ovation there is because all of the people who really despise Israel were outside of the room. Now, the media of course they have to do the dirty work for the Democrats here. So they're gonna try to pretend that there was something radically controversial in this speech. CNN's fact checker Jeremy Diamond came outta the woodwork to not do any fact checking. I I, I do love when they bring forward fact checkers who really don't bother to fact check. They sort of opinion check here is, here is Jeremy diamond of c Nnn. You know, he, he talked about big numbers of aid getting in, but there is just very, very clear evidence.


You talk to any humanitarian organization that actually works on the ground in Gaza, the United Nations. And, and even when you look at Israel In, the way that they have turned on and back off the faucet of aid to Gaza, there is clear evidence that Israel has not always allowed enough aid in that they have not done enough to deconflict militarily to provide safe route for that aid to get in. And you also have to remember that ministers members of his, of Netanyahu's own government called for starving the people of Gaza In the earliest days of the war. Then he also made this frankly laughable claim that there are practically no civilians who were killed in Rafa. I can think of several strikes in which civilians were killed.


So that just doesn't even pass the smell test. Okay, this is ridiculous. There we were told there would be tens of thousands of deaths in Rafa, remember all eyes on Rafa. and it turns out that Israel is able to move literally a million Palestinians outta that area inside of two weeks. Again, what is all of this, all of this hatred for Netanyahu, all the hatred for Trump, all of it is designed to promulgate a narrative. And the only narrative that matters for Democrats is Democrat victory. The fact is that Democrats have taken the wrong side. In, the Middle East Democrats are the ones who are responsible under Barack Obama and Joe Biden for the rise of Iran In, the Middle East, Kamala Harris' foreign policy looks like Barack Obama's foreign policy. They have to find some rationale for why their foreign policy is such a gigantic failure and why Donald Trump's foreign policy, In the Middle East was such a historic success.


And so what are they gonna do? You know what they're gonna do? They're going to lie about it. Alright, guys, coming up, we'll be getting into Gov track, which is a site that actually ranks senators on how liberal they're, they're now memory holing bad content about Kamala Harris. Yes, you are watching the rewriting of history in real time. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link, In the description, and join us.


This episode is brought to you by Adele Natural Cosmetics. Adele Natural Cosmetics is a Christian family run holistic skincare and cosmetic company made right here In the USA without using parabens, synthetic fragrances, preservatives, or anything else on an ingredient list that's difficult to pronounce. So what are you waiting for? Visit adele natural cosmetics.com to get your free foundation color matching consultation. Use code Daily Wire for 25% off your first order. That's a DEL natural cosmetics.com with code Daily Wire for 25% off your first order.