
Well folks, as always, tons in the news, we're get to all of it. First, quick shout out to everybody in the live chat Right now at DailyWire dot com and the Daily Wire Plus app. We see you. I appreciate your comments. Thank you for being here. If you're not in the chat, what exactly are you doing with your life? Join the conversation realtime, unfiltered with me, the team behind the show, and thousands of people just like you. Head on over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe to become a Daily Wire Plus member Right now and chat with US Alrightyy. So the Trump administration is in the middle of a very hot fight with regard to this deported Salvadoran migrant, the deported Salvadoran migrant, whose name is Killman Abrego Garcia, you'll recall, had a deportation order on him.


He was an illegal immigrant and then there was a withholding order that suggested that he could not be sent back to El Salvador because he claimed that he had fear for his life, that he'd be killed in El Salvador because he's a Salvador migrant and maybe he had gang ties and maybe it didn't. The court said that the executive branch of the United States government had good cause to believe that he might in fact be a gang member, A member of MS 13. President Trump then declared MS 13 a terrorist organization. And so the idea now is that sort of retroactively he becomes a terrorist because he was suspected of being a member of MS 13. Well, he was sort of accidentally deported. He was not supposed to be on the plane because of that withholding order that said he was not supposed to be sent back to El Salvador.


He was sent back to El Salvador. A district court found that the government had to facilitate his return from El Salvador back to the United States so you could have due process before we deported him again. That case ended up going to the Supreme Court and in a nine oh order, the Supreme Court stated that the district court had the power to say that the United States government, The White House, ought to facilitate his return to the United States, but they didn't define the term facilitate. So here is what the actual court order said. It said quote, the application is granted in part and denied in part subject to the direction of this order due to the administrative state issued by the Chief Justice.


The deadline imposed by the district court has now passed to that extent. The government's emergency application is effectively granted in part and the deadline in the challenged order is no longer effective. The order properly requires the government to facilitate Apgo Garcia's release from custody in El Salvador and to ensure that his case is handled as it would've been had he not been properly sent to El Salvador. The intended scope of the term effectuate in the District court's order is however unclear and may exceed the District Court's authority. The district court should clarify its directive with any due regard for the deference owed to the executive branch in the conduct of foreign affairs. For its part, the government should be prepared to share what it has, what it can concerning the steps it has taken and the prospect of further steps. So if that sounds vague to you, that's because it's incredibly vague.


So the government apparently under the Supreme Court order, has a duty to facilitate his release from custody. But how exactly it's effectuated, how that doesn't infringe on the executive branch's ability to do deportations, that part is unclear. So that's left the door open to the administration claiming, well, when you say that we need to facilitate, we asked the Salvadorans and they said no. So I guess that's us facilitating. And the opposite case would be, well, you do have a contract with the Salvadoran government to keep these prisons filled with illegal immigrants being deported there, criminal, illegal immigrants. And so you could do more than ask. You could basically demand, and the Salvadorian government under the terms of the contract, would have to return this person to the United States, not permanently, but while this person had a hearing before, presumably that person was then deported again.


Well, now things are getting very hot because as the case you heard was remanded back to district court for clarification, that very often happens. The higher court will say the district court, the lower court needs to look at it again and clarify what exactly they meant before we decide whether it was right or whether it was wrong. Well, now that case which has been remanded back to a US District Court judge and Paula Genus, that case is again in the news because Genus ran out of patience with attorneys for the DOJ at a hearing on Tuesday regarding the deportation and imprisonment of Kmar. Abrego Garcia eviscerating their efforts to redefine the word facilitate from a Supreme Court ruling and instructing them to cancel their vacations to comply with a two week inquiry into the matter. This is according to Mediaite, Abrego Garcia came to the United States illegally as a minor around 2011.


His legal team says he was fleeing gang violence. He was living in Maryland with his wife and three children. He was then sent to that maximum security prison in El Salvador. In at least three court filings, Trump administration officials have concluded that he was mistakenly deported. Now, the DOJ officials who said that have now been fired. So the Trump administration didn't like that. They admitted in court filings that it was a mistake to send him back to El Salvador. Genus had ordered the administration to arrange his return. The Supreme Court ruling then said what we said. It said that they had to facilitate. But what did it mean by facilitate? Well, now The White House is insisting that AAL Garcia's arrest deportation and imprisonment were justified. They called him a gang member and a terrorist, and they say that they have no power to actually get him back from that Salvador in prison.


Well, Gina said that you're not doing anything to facilitate. They said you're not even giving us answers. Quote to date what the record shows that nothing has been done said the judge, nothing. She then added the court would have no tolerance for gamesmanship or grandstanding to thwart getting the answers that sought and scolded the lawyers to clear their schedules. She said, quote, we're going to move. There are no business hours while we do this, cancel vacations, cancel other appointments. I'm usually pretty good about things like this in my court, but not this time. I expect all hands on deck. The judge then granted the attorneys for the illegal immigrant, the ability to subpoena documents, send interrogatory requests and subpoena up to two additional people to collect evidence about where exactly this guy is, what the government has done to secure his immediate return for more due process to the United States and the rest.


And then in the order, there's a specific section talking about what facilitate means, quote notably, to facilitate means to make the occurrence of something easier to render less difficult. Merriam Webster defines the term as to make easier or less difficult to free from difficulty or impediment, defendants remain obligated at a minimum to take the steps available to them toward aiding, assisting or making easier. Abrego Garcia's released from custody in El Salvador and resuming his status quo. Anti the record reflects defendants have done nothing at all. Instead, defendants obliquely suggest facilitate is limited to taking all available steps to remove domestic obstacles that would otherwise impede the alien's ability to return here. The fallacy in the defendant's argument is twofold. First, in the immigration context, facilitating return of those wrongly deported canon has included more governmental efforts.


Thus the court can't credit that facilitating the order relief as limited to just domestic action. Second, defendants appear to have done nothing to aid his release from custody. So this raises a couple of questions. One is sort of the legal question and one is the political question. So the vice president of the United States, JD Vance, went on X and put out the following statement related to due process because there are people right, left and center who are saying, listen, this guy isn't gonna end up in the country, nor should he end up in the country. But you do have to go through a process. And if you do the process wrong and the court says you did the process wrong, you do actually have to facilitate his release back to the United States, not into the general population, but back to the authorities of the United States for more due process.


So we can check the boxes and then the guy can be deported again. And then again that that's not a political thing. There are people who are right and left and center who are all saying, yeah, this guy has to go, but you do have to actually fill out the boxes. You can't just randomly deport people. And then if you admit you made a mistake, then go, oh, well, no harm, no foul. Whoopsy daisy. So Vice President Vance is taking the position that the administration is totally right not to facilitate due process in this particular case, essentially due to hardship. And this is one arena where I think that the administration would be be two things can be true at ones one, the administration should in fact deport this guy. They should deport anybody who's connected with MS 13. Anybody who does not have American citizenship, who's engaged in sympathy for anti-American views engaged in action that is anti-American, the administration should absolutely deport all those people.


We don't need more of those in our country. It doesn't matter your ethnicity, it matters your belief system and your activity, right? Those are the things that that matter when it comes to deporting people. And this administration has pledge to deport vast numbers of illegal immigrants on the basis that they're not here legally. That does not mean on the other hand, that there shouldn't be due process because due process is something that is spelled out by the judiciary. And the argument that's being made on the sort of legalistic right, is well, if due process can be curbed for non-citizens, then due process can be curbed for citizens as well. And maybe that's not true. Maybe that's something the administration is not interested in doing. It doesn't help when the president says that he'd love to deport Americans to El Salvador because that is giving, I, I know he is trolling.


I get it and, and the president loves to troll. But if you're making the argument that sure due process might be able to be a bridge for cases of necessity by the executive branch for non-American citizens, then you really should draw a hardened line between, you know, American citizens and non-American citizens. Here is President Trump talking about the idea of sending Americans to El Salvador to go to prison there. Well, again, if you're gonna make that case that you actually wanna do that, what you'd have to say is they would remain under our jurisdiction such that we could get them back if a mistake was made. What you don't want is the situation of the Rego Garcia fellow now applied to say, an American criminal who ends up in El Salvador and we quote unquote can't get him back because the Salvador government says no. And here's President Trump. I call 'em homegrown criminals.


Yes. I mean the homegrown, the Homegrowns, could They, the ones that grew up and something went wrong and they hit people over the head with a baseball bat. We have and push people into subways just before the train gets there like you see happening. Sometimes we are looking into it and we want to do it. I I would love to do that. Now again, is that trolling? It for sure is trolling. Caroline Levitt at The White House though has a rule and that rule is the president is never trolling. Take what he says completely seriously from her position and that that's her position, it's what she's there to do here. She was explaining that she's looking at ways to maybe jail Americans in El Salvador. I know you said the P that President Trump is looking at it, but can you explain to us a little bit more about how that might be possible?


We're looking at it and when I have more for you to share, I certainly will. Okay. Now in reality, that's not going to happen, obviously. What's she gonna say? She's not gonna reject what Trump is saying out of hand. The reality is there's no legal basis for it taking Americans and shipping them down to El Salvador if we don't have control of the prison system in El Salvador. At least contractually in some way. Okay? Now that's the legal side of this. And the question here is whether that legal fight is the fight that the administration wants to have. Maybe this goes back up to the Supreme Court and maybe the Supreme Court says, you know what? It's quite possible that the executive branch does have the power to curb due process here. But by continuing to fight the judiciary sort of every step of the way as opposed to facil, I mean this is very easy.


Just tell Boule in El Salvador to return the guy, give him his day in court and ship him out again. But the administration takes the view. I get it. I get it. This administration and the entire right has been conditioned to take the view that ever admitting a mistake or course correcting is some sign of weakness. And I get it because the legacy media are willing to attack on any basis. Listen, I get why President Trump and his team don't wanna admit any mistakes. I'll tell you what would be a mistake would be to rely on a news sort of stability in the markets. I mean, I just, I just don't think that's what's going to come over the next few weeks.


President Trump specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from these sweeping tariffs. While these new policies are triggering significant financial chaos and uncertainty, the administration preserved your ability to diversify into precious metals. If you're concerned about your savings, I encourage you to have a free consultation with a birch gold precious medal specialist. The first step, Text BEN to 98. 98 98. Receive your free, no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold and silver in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money outta pocket. With an a plus rating With better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers, I recommend Birch Gold to help protect your savings through gold investments. Just text my name Ben to the number 98. 98 98. Again, Text BEN to 98. 98 98 and claim your free info kit Right now. That's Ben to 98. 98 98. I'm an investor in precious metals because again, diversification just a smart business strategy. I'm not saying liquidate all your holdings and just buy bars of gold. I'm saying diversification. Every good investor does it. Check out my friends over Birch Gold text my name. Bens the number 98. 98 98 Right now.


Also, you know what's funny? When I started DailyWire, I thought the hard part would be creating the excellent content. Turned out that dealing with the behind the scenes stuff like hiring HR policies, employee issues, that's the stuff that eats up enormous amounts of time. I'm not alone. When you're a business owner, every second of your time is incredibly valuable. So don't waste your energy and risk losing money, dealing with time sucking payroll issues in hr, in fractions. Focus on the things that matter most. Running your business with help from Bambi, here's what makes Bambi different. They give you access to your very own dedicated HR manager at a fraction of what it costs to employ somebody full time and get this Bambi costs just 29 bucks a month. Whether you have 10, 75, even a hundred employees, if I had Bambi when I was first building the team, it would've saved me countless hours and headaches. Instead of getting bogged down with paperwork compliance issues, I could have focused on growing the show, connecting with my audience. With Bambi's HR autopilot, you'll never have to waste your valuable time getting into the weeds of HR policies. Plus Bambee is month to month, no hidden fees, and you can cancel any time Right now. Get one month of Bambee for just ONE DOLLAR. Go to Bambee dot com, type in Ben Shapiro under Podcast to schedule your first call with an HR Manager Right now. That's one month of Bambee for just $1 at BMB e.com type in Ben Shapiro under podcast.


Sometimes it is better to just do the quick and easy thing and then move on to the actual priorities because especially with regard to immigration, there are actual priorities. However, here's what the vice President said on X quote. Consider that Joe Biden allowed approximately 20 million illegal aliens into our country. This placed extraordinary burdens on our country, our schools, hospitals, housing, and other essential services were overwhelmed. On top of that, many of these illegal aliens committed violent crimes or facilitated fentanyl and sex trafficking. That is the situation we inherited. The American people elected the Trump administration to solve this problem. The president has successfully stopped the inflow of illegal aliens, and now we must support the people who came here illegally. Okay, now again, I agree with every word of that. Every single word he continues to say the administration must observe due process is to beg the question, what process is due is a function of our resources, the public interest, the status of the accused, proposed punishment, and so many other factors.


To put it in concrete terms, imposing the death penalty on an American citizen requires more legal process than deporting an illegal aliens to their country of origin. Again, all of that is legally true. This is when the media and the far left, left obsess over an MS 13 gang member in demand. He'd be returned to the United States for a third deportation hearing. What they're really saying is they want the vast majority of illegal aliens to stay here permanently. And here is where things start to go awry. Okay? He's right on the politics of this. He's right on the politics of this. And again, that's a separate question. Two things can be true at once. The administration can be taking a legally dicey position and also a politically popular position. Those two things can live in perfect harmony. Legally dicey and politically popular are constant aspects of many of the policy decisions made by leaders on both sides.


And as we'll get to in a moment, it's a political winner for the Trump administration to say, we wanted to pour all these people and force the Democrats into the position of defending illegal alien gang members or suspected gang members. That is a politically winning position. However, if you are setting up a predicate where you actually want To get things done, you should be doing things the right way. 'cause it's faster and easier to do it the right way than it is to do it the wrong way and then fight it out in the courts every step of the way. Vice President Vance continues. Here's a useful test. Ask the people weeping over the lack of due process, what precisely they propose for dealing with biden's, millions and millions of illegals, and with reasonable resource and administrative judge constraints. Does their solution allow us to deport at least a few million people per year? If the answer is no, they've given the game away. They don't want border security, they don't want us to deport to people who have come into our country illegally.


They want to accomplish through fake legal process what they failed to accomplish politically, the ratification of biden's illegal migrant invasion. President Trump and I will not stand for it. Well, that's actually not the claim, okay? This particular human had a withholding order, meaning that he was not supposed to be sent to El Salvador. The vast, vast, vast, vast majority of illegal immigrants do not in fact have such an order. And you could effectuate the law on them quickly and easily without some sort of subsequent hearing because there's no paperwork on them. The whole problem with this particular guy is you picked a bad example and you should just fix it and then send him outta the country again. And then continue deporting hundreds and thousands of illegal immigrants. Remember with Abrego Garcia, same plane. There were hundreds of illegal immigrants who are not subject to any of this controversy because none of them had any sort of withholding order put in place by a court.


So you can have both and is sort of the argument that I'm making. You can win legally. You can do the right legal thing, which continues to give people the assurance that due process is carried out, gives the courts the assurance due process is carried out and also win the political fight. Now Democrats fortunately for Republicans are willing to Leroy Jenkins, pretty much every political fight just run directly into the heart of danger. So the Democrats have decided they're now going to visit in El Salvador in prison. And this of course leads to the very wide open political argument. You guys won't even stand and clap for the family of Lake and Riley at the State of the Union address. But you will fly down to an El Salvador in prison to meet with illegal immigrant gang members to grant them some sort of American sympathy.


What the hell is wrong with you people? Right? You won't get up at the State of the Union and applaud for the family of Jocelyn Nun Gary, who is a child murdered by illegal immigrants when a national park was named after her. But you will go out of your way to fly all the way down to El Salvador just to do a photo op with people. The vast majority of whom we know are gang members. This is, this is your move. Like seriously, this is your move. It's so politically incompetent as to boggle the mind. Truly, president Trump has the best of luck in his opponents. It's really amazing. Like if Democrats really wanted to make this an issue, what they really should do is they should stand outside the Supreme Court and they should say, this president refuses to abide by the orders of the Supreme Court.


That threatens due process. Okay? It wouldn't be like an amazing political argument, but it's certainly better than flying down to an El Salvador in prison to hang out with the world's worst criminals on the basis that America somehow owes them more. That's just a political fail on every possible level. So Chris Van Holland, speaking of political fails, Senator from Maryland here he was getting on a plane going down to El Salvador. I'm here at the airport. I'm about to board my flight for San Salvador. The goal of this mission is to let the Trump administration, to let the government of El Salvador know that we are going to keep fighting to bring Rego Garcia home until he returns to his family.


I hope to meet with representatives of the government. I hope to have the chance to actually see Kmar and see what his condition is. But we are gonna keep fighting because this is a miscarriage of justice. The Supreme Court has ruled nine to zero, nine to zero, that he was illegally taken out of the country and put in a prison in El Salvador. And this is about due process. This is about rule of law. What bullies do is they begin by picking on the most vulnerable. But if we get rid of the rule of law due process the United States, it's a short road from there to tyranny.


God, they picked the worst, the worst friends. It's truly incredible. It's truly incredible. So it is not just that he wants this person's received due process, which again, that's a fair argument. He's making the argument, he wants to bring this guy home. He wants to take this guy, get him out of prison and bring him back to Maryland. An illegal immigrant who's credibly accused of being a gang member. He, we need more of that in our country, according to Chris Van Holland. Again, like they, they can't stop themselves. They have to go the whole hog. They can't just make the case that the Trump administration is pushing on the bounds of legality in a wide variety of areas. Again, a case that you could at least facially make. But instead they're pushing on the idea that this person needs to be freed and brought back to the United States where he can live in Maryland.


We're gonna bring him home. And I'd love to see the same sort of enthusiasm from Chris Van Holland for, you know, bringing home American citizen, Iran Alexander, who's currently sitting in a tunnel thanks to Hamas. It like he, he just doesn't have the same enthusiasm for that. He certainly doesn't have the same enthusiasm for victims of illegal immigrant crime in the United States. But he has a lot of sympathy on a personal level for this person. An illegal immigrant who was deported. And again, by the way, this person is not gonna end up in the United States is a point Steven Miller, the deputy special advisor to the president was making the other day, which is that there's no situation which this person ends up back in the United States permanently. It's not going to happen. But they have to make a hero. The left cannot help it. They must make a hero out of everyone targeted by the right, even if that person is not a good person or a person who should not be in the United States.


And it's not just Chris Van Holland. Democrats are such idiots on this man. It's just political malpractice. Axios reported on Tuesday, representatives Robert Garcia of California, Maxwell Frost of Florida sent a letter to House oversight committee chair James Comer requesting an official congressional delegation to conduct a welfare check of deported El Salvador, an alleged MS 13 gang member Kim Abrego Garcia. This is just ridiculous. I'm sorry. It's ridiculous. I hope that I, I hope that that comer says yes. I mean seriously do it. Let the Democrats go, let them, let them go hang out with illegal immigrants, many of whom are gang members down in El Salvador and say that those people deserve more from the United States.


Really, truly high level political malpractice from the Democrats. Again, two things true at once. The legal stance being taken by the Trump administration I think is counterproductive in the end. I think it's gonna tick off the courts and I think it's gonna make it harder for them to do the things they need to do. At the same time, the politics of the situation play strongly in favor of Republicans. 'cause most Americans are not interested in arguments over whether suspected MS 13 gang members ought to be in the United States. And again, one of the reasons I'm saying that the Trump administration should get out of its own way legally here, they just bring him back. They should give a, do whatever hearing they have to do, send 'em out again. The reason I'm saying that is 'cause actual important things are happening on the immigration front. According to the Washington Post, the Trump administration is now using personal data normally protected from dissemination to find illegal immigrants where they work, study, and live often with the goal of removing them from their housing and the workforce at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.


For example, officials are working on a rule that would ban mixed status households in which some families have legal status and others don't from public housing. Affiliates from the US Doge service are also looking to kick out existing mixed status households vowing to ensure undocumented immigrants do not benefit from public programs, even if they live with citizens or other eligible family members. The push extends across agencies. Last week, Social Security administration entered the names and Social Security numbers, more than 6,000 most of Latino immigrants into a database it uses to track dead people, effectively slashing their ability to receive benefits or work legally in the United States. In other words, they're looking for fake Social Security numbers so they can borrow people from illegally working in the United States. All of this is good and all of this is necessary.


Doge is doing a great job of tracking down the misuse of American resources. And by the way, there are other legal fights that the Trump administration can be taking on that are going to be winners. So for example, a federal judge on Monday temporarily blocked the Trump administration from revoking Joe Biden's migration program for people from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela. A US district court judge in Boston issued a stay of an executive order saying the early termination, without any case by case justification of legal status for noncitizens who have complied with DHS programs and entered the country lawfully undermines the rule of law. But that of course is ridiculous. Joe Biden unilaterally declared widespread migration, temporary protected status for entire countries and the Trump administration is reversing that somehow.


Biden can do it with the stroke of a pen, but Trump can't undo it with the stroke of a pen. That is one that should go to the Supreme Court and Trump will win. So lots of wins on the table. It just seems to me that fighting the due process considerations forgo Garcia should not take precedence over the rest of the Trump agenda on all of this stuff. And again, it does play into a narrative that the left is currently trying to build about the Trump administration. That they are lawless, they're attempting to, to violate the law. One of those issues is, for example, the Trump administration, president Trump directing the DOJ to look into Chris Krebs, who was the person who oversaw cybersecurity during the 2020 presidential election and appointee of President Trump.


Now you'll remember just a few days ago, president Trump signed an executive order, basically not only revoking his security clearance, but ordering a DOJ review of his activities as a government employee because Krebs said that he lost the election fair and square in in 2020. So Jonathan Swan, who is in fact a very good reporter, he asked Caroline Levitt, doesn't this appear to be an abuse of power? Like you don't want the DOJ directing being directed to target President Trump. Why are you using the DOJ to attack President Trump's political opponents Last week, president Trump explicitly directed the Justice Department to scrutinize Chris Krebs to see if it can find any evidence of criminal wrongdoing.


How is that not an abuse of power to direct the Justice Department to look into an individual, a named individual? Look, the president signed that executive order. It's the a position of the president in this White House that it's well within his authority to do it, otherwise he wouldn't have signed it and he signed it and that's his policy.


Well, you know, the media have questions of President Trump, but you have questions about employment. According to a recent ZipRecruiter survey, 76% of employers plan to expand their headcount for 2025. That is a lot of times spent hiring. So if you're the owner of a growing business the way I am here at DailyWire, it's essential to find a platform that provides an efficient format that allows you to connect with several pre-screened interested applicants all at once to streamline the recruitment process. Luckily, ZipRecruiter does just that. So if you're one of these employers who's ramping up hiring this year, don't miss out on this advice. Add ZipRecruiter's latest feature, zip intro to your hiring plan. Unless you post jobs today and talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Best of all, it does most of the work for you. So you can save time Right now. You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time zip intro, does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, and then you can choose who you wanna talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. Save time hiring for 2025 with the new zip intro. Just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire Right now and try zip intro for free again at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Also, dudes, have you heard of Rose Sparks? This dual action prescription merges the powerhouse ingredients found in generic Viagra and Cialis, sildenafil and tadalafil into one formidable treatment. But it's not merely about the ingredients in the medication, it's about how you're taking it. Rose Sparks leverages the benefits of sublingual administration, meaning the tablet dissolves under your tongue. This method allows for fast absorption directly into the bloodstream bypassing the digestive system, the result, quicker onset of action, reducing the wait time typically associated with traditional pills. Plus tadalafil, the active ingredient in Cialis lasts in the system for up to 36 hours. Find out if prescription Rose Sparks is right for you To get 15 bucks off your first order and find out if prescription Ro Sparks are right for you. Connect with the provider at RO dot co slash ben. That's RO dot co slash ben for 15 bucks off your very first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law. They're not F FDA approved. Do not undergo FDA a safety effectiveness or manufacturing review only available if prescribed after an online consultation with a provider. Go check them out Right now. That's RO do co slash bengan RO dot co slash ben for 15 bucks off your very first order.


Again, like thi this sort of attack angle by the Trump administration gets in the way of real agenda items. 'cause some of what they're doing is amazing. Like for example, you have to just admire what President Trump is doing with the IRS. So according to the Washington Post, the Trump administration on Tuesday named a political ally who raised concerns about Hunter Biden's taxes as the new acting commissioner of the IRS, this is just awesome, like this is great. Gary Shapley was elevated in March to become deputy chief of IRS criminal investigations and a senior advisor to Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant. Soon after his promotion, the IRS Acting Commissioner, a person named Melanie kras, announced plans to leave the agency making her the third IRS leader to step down. Since Trump took office, well now Shapley is taking over the IRS and Shapley is one of the people who testified to Congress that prosecutors were slow walking the prosecution of Hunter Biden and he was basically retaliated against by the IRS and now in a thing that President Trump loves to do, and it's one of my favorite things that he does.


President Trump is now elevating a person targeted by an agency to head up the agency. He did this with Jay Bot at NIH and now he's doing it with Gary Shapley at IRS Shapley Swift Elevation alarmed some current and former IRS officials who told the Washington Post, they were concerned his roles within criminal investigations and atop the agencies could consolidate Trump's power both over criminal and civil tax investigations and audits for the first time since Richard Nixon's presidency. But I have a question. What's, what's wrong with Gary Shaley? That you are afraid that he's going to violate the law, he will serve as commissioner until Trump's nominee to run the agency. Billy Long is confirmed by the Senate so good for President Trump.


I I love this. Like there's good stuff happening under President Trump that includes, by the way, president Trump's efforts to target Harvard University. So Harvard is not just now being targeted on the basis of its violations of Civil Rights Act, title vi, which says anti-discrimination law applies to those who receive federal funding. Now President Trump is threatening to revoke Harvard's tax exempt status. He posted on truth social. Perhaps Harvard should lose its tax exempt status and be taxed as a political entity if it keeps pushing political ideological and terrorist inspired supporting sickness. Remember, tax exempt status is totally contingent on acting in the public interest. Now, there is precedent for this. In 1983, Bob Jones University had its tax exempt status removed because it opposed, for example, interracial marriage.


And the IRS said that if that is against public policy, your tax exempt status is gone. Now. Well, the idea of going after Harvard in this way is not only perfectly appropriate, it is a use of the Trump administration of the laws and the systems created by the left. One of the things that the left is really objecting to is that they created really terrible censorious and ugly systems and now all those systems are being turned against them. The answer to that, of course, to the left would be, well, maybe you shouldn't have built those systems in the first place. Here is Caroline Levitt at The White House saying that all Trump is saying is that Harvard has to abide by the law. So the president made it clear to Harvard follow federal law no longer break Title six, which was passed by Congress to ensure no student can be discriminated against on the basis of race and you'll receive federal funding.


Okay, that of course is exactly right. She's exactly right about all this. Now it's not stopping Chris Van Holland, who apparently just had he, he was the, he was the leader of Idiot Day yesterday between flying to El Salvador to explain that he wanted to bring back an illegal immigrant, bring him home, a person who's a suspected gang member, and then suggesting that somehow it's a violation of Harvard's first amendment rights to tell them to abide by the law man Van Holland outdid himself yesterday. So Kate, I applaud Harvard's decision not to give into bullying from the Trump administration. You know, Donald Trump believes in First Amendment rights for himself, but apparently for nobody else, others, they will punish when there's an exercise of First Amendment rights.


Okay? So it's not about First Amendment rights, it's about violating the actual law. This is the thing that people seem to avoid on the left. They understand it immediately. If you, if you talk about black people in the way that that Jews were talked about on college campuses, it would be in violation of Title X. Now, again, you can not like Title X. In fact, I've, I've had serious objections my entire lifetime to certain aspects. Not all aspects, certain aspects of the Civil Rights Act, particularly its intervention into private markets for it example. But the idea that it only applies to certain groups of people but not other groups of people is obviously violative of the law. And the fact that Chris Van Holland and company continue to defend Harvard, like these are the PE you wanna defend Harvard University Right now, really like Har.


So your choice of people you are defending does not include the hostages who are American being held in tunnels. And it does not include Americans being killed by illegal immigrants. It does include illegal immigrants in Harvard University, like slow clap for these geniuses. They're really, really great at this. All right? Meanwhile, Democrats continue to struggle because it's not just that they are picking the world's least sympathetic people to defend. The Democrats also have no leadership, like no leadership at all. Joe Biden is off the stage, but yesterday he decided that he would actually come back on the stage, talk about Social Security. It did not go well. I can't imagine why Joe Biden was ousted for Kamala Harris and then lawsuit President Trump. So he was speaking in Chicago and he proceeded to call black people colored kids, which I mean mad dude, just, ugh, ugh.


Like, wow, ugh, here we go. I remember pulling in, pulling into the parking lot and I had never seen, I had never seen hardly any black people in Scranton at the time when I, and I was only going in fourth grade. And I remember seeing the kids going by at the time called colored kids on a bus going by. They never turned right to go to Claymont High School. I wondered why. Asked my mom, sorry, why? Why? So on Delaware, they're not allowed to go to school in public school with white kids, honey? Mm, good story Joe. So I can't remember. This is the person Democrats thought needed to run up until the point where he actually did this live in a debate with, with President Trump looked staring into the mall of death.


He didn't stop there. He then said that he wants to meet 300 year olds on Social Security. I mean he's 300 and he's on Social Security. So it's not that implausible. Here we go. By the way, those 300 year old folke getting in that Social Security, I wanna meet him because I like to figure out how hell of a thing, man, I'm looking for longevity. Yeah, man. And then he said that President Trump has taken a hatchet to so to Social Security, which is weird because literally no one has missed their Social Security track. Fewer than 100 days. This new administration has made so much, done so much damage and, and so much destruction.


It's kind of breathtaking. That could happen that soon they've taken a hatchet to the Social Security Administration pushing additional 7,000 employees, 7,000 out the door in that time, including the most seasoned career officials. Now they're getting ready to push thousands more out the door. Already we can see the effects. For example, thousands of people use the Social Security website every single day to check on their benefits and submit their claims. But now the technology division of Social Security Administration has been cut in half.


And so the website's crashing.


So I asked our sponsors at Perplexity if there have actually been any actual cuts to Social Security under President Trump. The answer of course is no. There have been no direct cuts to Social Security benefit amounts under President Trump. Throughout both his campaigns and during his administration. Trump has repeatedly pledged not to reduce Social Security benefits. There's no evidence of legislation or executive action that has cut the monthly payments to beneficiaries. Official statements from The White House and Social Security Administration have reinforced benefit levels remain unchanged. Now, Perplexity does point out that President Trump and Doge have been attempting to cut staff. Apparently about 7,000 people are going to be cut out of 57,000 people. So again, this idea that no one is working at the Social Security Administration, that this is somehow the end of the world is ridiculous.


Yes, the number of beneficiaries continues to rise. Yes, staffing is at a quote 50 or low. But presumably one of the things Doge is going to actually be doing is increasing efficiency at SSA by, for example, not processing forms underneath a mountain using paper. So Joe Biden is not their leader, he's not. So who is Representative Hanana of California said, we have no idea. Like we, I don't know which is the correct answer by the way. Well, the leader in the House of Representatives is Hakeem Jeffries and he will be the next speaker of the house. He is earned that, Do you, he is the voice though of the Democratic party, like is that who the Democrats should be rallying around pushing forward? That's who should be driving the message?


Well, I think we've got a whole new generation of talent. People who are speaking out on economic issues. I gave a speech in Cleveland on economic patriotism, our vision of how we're gonna bring prosperity and manufacturing back around the country. But the most urgent issue is to stand up against the attacks on the rule of law. Okay, well it's not gonna be Ana, but you know who it might be. I've been saying this for a while. A OC is the most formidable Democrat out there. This, the, the, the sort of right wing dismissal of a OC very much feels to me like when Republicans were dismissing Barack Obama circa about 2007. They're like, no way. This guy, he is got no background. He's been in the Senate for like five seconds. He's kind of a, he's kind of an empty suit.


There's nothing there. He gave one good speech at a convention and suddenly he's gonna be president to the United States. And I was saying, 'cause I'd read his book, this guy is gonna win and he's gonna be unbelievably radical. Stop it.


Have you checked lately to see if your home's title is still in your name? With one forged document, scammers can steal your home's title and its equity, but now you can protect yourself from this crime home title locks Million dollar Triple lock protection gives 24 7 title monitoring urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud does happen, they'll spend up to a million dollars to fix the fraud and restore your title. Use promo code DailyWire at home title lock.com To get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. Go to home title lock.com now to use promo code DailyWire to make sure your title is still in your name. That's home title lock.com promo code DailyWire.


So I, that's what I'm saying to you about A-O-C-A-O C's a good actress. A C is charismatic, she obviously is a good looking person. And so those are all qualities that play on tv. Now she also happens to be, you know, a d but that is no longer an obstacle to hire office in the United States. She just didn't, I wish it were, it obviously is not. So a OC she is now this is a new democratic primary poll. You ready? I've been saying it. You think I, you think I was just making this up. A OC primary poll from Yale, Kamala Harris. 28% a OC 21%. That means she's the leader gang because Kamala Harris ain't gonna be the nominee every day that goes by. Kamala Harris is more in the Democrats rear view mirror. She's gonna continue to drop AOCs at 21%.


Pete Buttigieg is at 14. He ain't going nowhere. Gavin Newsom is at six. He ain't going nowhere. Josh Shapiro is at five, the governor of Pennsylvania, but he's a Jew, so he's going nowhere inside the Democratic Party. And it's just that simple. So that means that a OC Right now is the leader in the clubhouse. That's just the way this works. And by the way, she's raising money like nobody's business. According to Politico, she raised almost $10 million in the three, the first three months of the year. That has more than double her second highest quarter. She spent recent weeks barnstorming the country with Bernie Sanders. And again, she is his sort of pick, she said in a post on X, the average campaign donation was $21. Apparently 64% of contributions came from first time donors.


So pretending her way is not gonna do it for Republicans. This is why President Trump's agenda better succeed. Because if he fails the progressive left and their sort of economic populism is the next wave, now could a OC shoot herself in the foot? Sure. I mean, she's trotting out new accents every day. She was in Idaho the other day and she was trotting out. She's trying out some, trying out something with her voice here. I don't know what's going on. Donald Trump is a criminal who was found guilty of 34 felony counts of fraud liable for sexual abuse. Of course he's lying and abusing and manipulating the stock market too.


When he talks about rapists and criminals, he should look in the mirror. Yeah, this sort of stuff gets Democrats very excited. I don't know what accent she's trying to do here. It seems to live somewhere between Cockney and like Lower East Side New York. I, I just don't, I, I don't know exactly what she's going for there, but is that gonna be an obstacle to her success inside the Democratic party? Absolutely not. And a OC is smarter than people give her credit for. She, for example, like, you know, listen, I think she's a dummy, but, but she's smarter politically than people give her credit for. She's sort of kept Nancy Pelosi on side, for example. Nancy Pelosi thinks she's a moron, but she hasn't overtly gone to war with Nancy Pelosi in a while. And a O C's gonna make the case two people in the sort of mainstream of the Democratic party that she has moderated somewhat.


She's de elevating issues like trans issues and the sort of woke issues. She's putting those secondary to her economic popula, the Bernie Sanders message. So she is again, the emerging leader of the Democratic Party and Republicans. This is why Republicans need to do a good job of running the country because if they do not, what comes around the bend next is going to be something particularly ugly. Speaking of which the Dow Jones Industrial average continues to sort of futz around. It isn't really rising, it isn't really falling. Nobody kinda knows what's coming. And this is all just investor uncertainty. It's all just investor uncertainty. The US dollar has been weakening, it's lost about 10% of its value since inauguration day.


More than half of that decline came this month after the new tariffs were unveiled. The weaker dollar could have some upward impact on inflation. Meanwhile, president Trump is now unleashing more tariffs on China. He apparently is going to impose on China tariffs up to 245% as a result of Chinese retaliatory action. At a percentages mean nothing because beyond a certain point, nobody's going to import paying those tariffs. It's just not going to happen. If you are talking about a product that was $3, now going for 245% that you a a $3 product and I goes for seven point 35 after tariffs, people are just gonna stop importing from China.


And so you can say it's a thousand percent or 2000% and at a certain point you've now moved beyond the realm where the imports are actually going to happen. The problem of course is whether other countries are going to participate in our trade war on China. So Ursula Lvo lain at the eu, she seems to be triangulating, she said yesterday that there was a positive side effect to the tariff uncertainty created by the United States. More world leaders now wanna do trade deals with the eu. She was talking to a German newspaper. She said, I'm currently having countless talks with heads of states and governments around the world who wanna work together with us on the new order. Everyone is asking for more trade with Europe. And it's not just about economic ties, it's about establishing common rules. It's about predictability.


Europe can deliver that. So the EU is already seeking new ways to diversify trade partnerships and they're exploring opportunities to deepen ties with China. So if the Trump administration's goal was to militarize the rest of the world against Chinese economic dominance, then it seems like just slapping really high tariffs on China, driving holes through the middle of tariffs on semiconductors and autos and meanwhile alienating the people that you need to woo, that strategy needs to be reversed and quick. I'll tell you something else that needs to be reversed. The, there's a lot of talk Right now properly and I I hope expeditiously about deregulatory action by the Trump administration. We need radical deregulation.


I wish frankly that Doge had been unleashed on that rather than employment. I think the Doge being unleashed on the sort of waste, fraud and abuse front, you can get some money outta that. But the thing where you really can unleash the American economy is if you had Doge actually analyze various executive branch regulations for the economic cost of those regulations and then just take a hatchet to them because those regulations, once they're gone, they're actually harder to put back in place. If you fire somebody, then the minute, God forbid a Democrat gets elected, all those people get rehired. If you get rid of regulatory thickets, it's much harder to put those back into place. And so Doge is turning there. Next, I have to say, I am concerned about the direction that's being taken by the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission.


So Mark Zuckerberg's meta is now being sued in federal court. They're suggesting that he might have to sell off, for example, Instagram. Why? Why would he have to solve Instagram? They're claiming that when he acquired Instagram a decade ago for a billion dollars, it was illegally anti-competitive. What's the case that it was illegally anti-competitive? So there are a couple of different theories of antitrust. One theory of antitrust is that if you have a total market monopoly that should be broken up. 'cause otherwise competitors can't rise and, and presumably that sort of theory of antitrust is consumer directed. If it's bad for the consumer, then antitrust should step in. Then there is the sort of market dominant position, which is we just shouldn't have big companies and those big companies are scary and so we should break them up.


That particular view was most famously mirrored by Lena Khan at the FTC, who's constantly stopping mergers and acquisitions on the basis that she didn't want big companies to be able To get bigger or to merge with other companies. And she was constantly stopping all sorts of action in the business sphere. That would've been actually quite good for the consumer. I don't understand the theory behind trying to break up meta as far as Instagram and and WhatsApp. They're trying to make them divest of those things are either of those services can get better if they are broken out. Famously, the federal government did this to Microsoft. They forced Microsoft to break into a series of companies and it made Microsoft's products significantly worse for consumers. The US District Court Judge James Boberg is the person in charge here.


Boberg, of course you'll remember from being the same judge who's going after President Trump on immigration. Boberg could theoretically side with the FTC and that would force meta to divest itself with Instagram and WhatsApp. There is an anti-tech segment of the right, a sort of con a a, a bizarrely anti-business sector of the right that could be hampering economic growth. And that of course is not going to be good for the Trump administration either. Okay, in other news, a piece of good news. So I criticized Steve Whitcoff pretty heavily yesterday because Whitcoff had said openly that he was sort of embracing the Barack Obama view of negotiations with Iran. Well now he's backtracking on that. That is the special envoy.


He's backtracking. He said a deal with Iran would only be completed if it is a Trump deal adding Iran must stop and eliminate its nuclear enrichment and weaponization program. That is a contradiction to what he said a couple of days ago. And that is a good contradiction. That is significantly more in line with everything that President Trump has said historically. Again, Whitcoff does not understand these issues and Whitcoff is really not the person who should be running negotiations. This requires a level of sophistication and understanding that I just don't see in evidence with Steve Whitcock. Maybe a fine fellow, maybe aligned with what President Trump wants, but I'm, I'm having a hard time seeing how President Trump's agenda with Iran is squares with, with what Whitcoff said the other night, which is presumably why Witkoff changed his position, which is good.


Meanwhile, Putin is not actually moving. There's been all this talk about how Whitcoff is gonna move Putin to the table. And again, I'm not seeing any evidence of that at this point. The Wall Street Journal editorial board points out Trump and his chief negotiator, Steve Whitcoff keeps saying Putin wants peace. President Trump's 30 day ceasefire proposal has now been on the table for longer than the ceasefire would've lasted. Is there any evidence that Putin actually wants peace at this point? It seems not. Okay. Meanwhile, in kind of a shocking story, a top advisor to the Secretary of Defense, Dan Caldwell, who is widely seen as one of the isolationists inside the administration, and I've said before, there are a lot of different foreign policy views inside the administration. There's sort of the JD Vans view, which is that the, the United States should not be involved in pretty much any world affairs so far as he can see.


And then there is the piece through strength view, which is that the United States should only be involved where real interest is at stake and where there is the United States should put its resources. Well, Dan Caldwell was sort of, of the former group, well, he was actually escorted from the Pentagon on Tuesday after being identified during an investigation into leaks at the Defense Department. He was placed on administrative leave for an unauthorized disclosure. What exactly was that disclosure? Well, presumably the rumor is that that disclosure was that there were people who had talked to the New York Times suggesting that these strikes on the who these were somehow less successful than they were, which would make sense. Again, Caldwell's position, politically speaking, has been very much the JD Vance. We shouldn't be involved in foreign affairs position.


So, you know, it'll be interesting to see if that, if the, if these accusations are substantiated, who he leaked to and all the rest. And President Trump's agenda when it comes to foreign policies has actually been fairly consistent for his entire career. And people who are trying to undermine that agenda by staffing people who oppose it. I'm not sure why they would do that, but it doesn't seem to benefit what the Trump administration is trying to do already coming up. We'll get into a seminal change when it comes to the trans issue in the uk. Plus we'll get to the mailbag. But again, you have to be a member in order to watch. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.