
Small businesses, Sentara Health Plans has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vent? Or what Is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans, Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.


Kamala Harris's Pick is in and it is Minnesota Governor Tim Wall. I could not be more excited. I'm gonna bring you all the details in just a moment.


Remember, we can only go live like this because of our members. Daily Wire plus members have unlimited on-demand access to our uncensored ad-free daily shows. Realtime breaking news, investigative journalism. Do not be left in the dark. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So it is Minnesota Governor Tim Walls. And you can see that I'm a little pleased about this and there are many reasons that I'm pleased about this. The biggest reason that I'm pleased about this is because the mask is off. Kamala Harris has been attempting to present herself as a moderate. She keeps switching all of her positions. She'll send out her surrogates to pretend that she doesn't hold the thing now that she held four years ago and now it has been proved. It is all a lie. She wants to please her radical base. That is all. She's running a base election and this is so online. It is so brat, as the kids say it is so weirdly clique. I mean she, she's absolutely ignoring the moderate votes she needs to win in order to please a base of people who are radical.


She has opened herself up wide to every attack on her radicalism by picking Tim Wall. See, there was another pick that was available and everyone sort of expected that person to be picked. That person of course was the Pennsylvania governor, Josh Shapiro. Pennsylvania has 18 electoral votes. Josh Shapiro has a 61% approval rating in Pennsylvania. Very easy pick super, super simple pick for Kamala Harris. And we know why she didn't pick Josh Shapiro. And the reason is because he's a Jew. It's that simple. Everyone knows this. Democrats know this. Republicans know this. Before we even get to the insanity of picking Tim Walls, you have to understand the insanity of not picking Josh Shapiro, which is why I'm so pleased today. 'cause Josh Shapiro is a very talented politician.


Josh Shapiro has portrayed himself successfully in Pennsylvania, a purple state as a moderate, which is again why he has the approval of six in 10 voters in a swing state. And Kamala Harris overlooked him because she didn't wanna piss off her pro Kama base. It is that simple. She has too many radicals in her base who don't want the Jew. Now Tim Walls positionally is actually not very different from Josh Shapiro on Israel. But that's not the question. The question is Josh Shapiro is a semis observant Jew. He is somebody who's expressed a Zionist bonafides. And this was very bad. This could not be accepted. In fact, Josh Shapiro, in expectation of possibly being picked by Kamala Harris had already started to moderate his positions on Israel in an attempt to please the Democrats pro Hama base.


Back when he was 20, he'd written a piece that was perfectly obvious in which he said there would be no Palestinian state because the Palestinians are far too radicalized and want the destruction of the state of Israel. Well over the course of the last three days he tried to walk that back. He tried to say, well, I don't believe that anymore. I believe in a two state solution. Here is Josh Shapiro sacrificing his actual beliefs in favor of a not vice presidential slot. As it turns out, again, this is the person she should have picked and she didn't. And we all know why. And the answer rhymes with Jew. Here is Josh Shapiro Philadelphia Inquirer is writing by the 1993 college article you wrote where you expressed skepticism about a two state solution. I understand you do support a two state solution Now, can you kind of just talk about that evolution?


Something I wrote when I was 20? Is that what you're talking about? 93. I was 20. Look, I have said for years, years long before October 7th that I favor a two state solution. Israelis and Palestinians living peacefully side by side, being able to determine their own futures and their own destinies. Being able to work as they want and worship as they want. And understand the power of living peacefully side by side and how that will lift up both parties in this or both sides of this conversation. Again, this was Josh Shapiro trying to moderate his own positions on Israel in order to please the pro Kama space.


It turns out the thing they object to is not really his position on Israel. The thing they object to is that Josh Shapiro was a Jew. And that's not me saying that. That is Democrats saying that that is Jared Moskowitz from Florida. Quote. Josh's position on Israel is almost identical to everybody else, but he's being held to a different standard. So you have to ask yourself why Debbie Wasserman Schultz in Florida. It's been noticeable that of all the people that she's carefully considering, the only Jewish candidate is getting excruciating, very specific scrutiny, particularly around his position on Israel house's, Democrat Jake cloths from Massachusetts. He said it's pretty obvious that Democrats were attacking Josh Shapiro based on the fact that he was a Jew. Here was Jake Cloths saying precisely that just yesterday, Those in the overly online left who are attacking Josh Shapiro's pro-Israel positions in a different way than they are attacking non-Jewish Veep contenders positions.


They're just telling on themselves it, there is a strong undercurrent of antisemitism to that. It's unacceptable. Every contender's positions on all policy issues, they're track records, inte, elective office, all of that is fair game that is totally open to be subjected to interrogation and to questioning by the Harris team, by observers. But holding him to a different standard because of of his religion just simply isn't who we are as a Democratic party. Again, this is great and the reason it's great is because clarity. Clarity is a good thing. I'm very pleased by the fact that the Democratic Party has been very clear on this. They can have somebody who is at least ly pro-ISIS Israel and Tim Walls, so long as he is not a Jew.


It's the Jew from the swing state that Kamala Harris needs to win and is currently running in a dead heat with Donald Trump who could not be picked for one simple reason. There are too many members of the Democratic party base who don't like Jews. And that is particularly true, unfortunately in minority communities among the Democrat base. That is true by poll data. It's unfortunate, but it is a reality. So there are many things that are betrayed by the Tim Walls pick, but thing number one can't have a Jew. That is the number one thing betrayed by the Tim Walls. Pick by Kamala Harris. Thing number two of course is that she's full scale radical. She's full scale radical. Remember Tim Walls is Bernie Sanders from Minnesota. He's Bernie Sanders with a Fargo accent. That's all he is. He's a radical leftist.


We're gonna get to everything Tim Walls related in just one sec. It's so mindbogglingly stupid and that's why I'm so excited about it. Mindbogglingly stupid. The first rule of a vice presidential pick is first do no harm and just harmed herself. Why? Well, because she forwent the opportunity to pick, you know, a popular swing state governor. She didn't pick Gretchen Whitmer in Michigan. She picked somebody from a state Republicans haven't won for like several decades and then she proceeded to pick somebody who underscores her own radicalism. Her entire campaign thus far has been lying about everything. She believes everything right? She's no longer in favor of a fracking ban. She's no longer in favor of gun seizures. She's no longer in favor of radically increasing taxes.


She's a moderate, you see? But then she picked somebody who is the most radical person who is on the short list, thus opening herself up wide to every charge that she is a radical, it's absolute incompetence. She is too online, she's just too online. She was hearing too much from the online crowd. And what this truly betrays, and this is the reason I'm the most excited, what it truly betrays as somebody who wants Donald Trump to win is that Kamala Harris is still politically incompetent. She was politically incompetent in 2019 when she ran for president because she was too online. She had audience capture from her radical base and she kept trying to please them. And then she would kind of back away from it moderate a little bit and then she would try to please them and then back away. She has not changed one iota. No, there is no new Kamala on the right. There's always this Don. This is the moment Donald Trump changed and became president and it never is that Donald Trump, it turns out, is always Donald Trump.


And Kamala Harris is always Kamala Harris. Obnoxious, arrogant, radical, stupid. 'cause this is a stupid campaign. Move a full scale, full stop, stupid campaign move by Kamala Harris. We'll get to who Tim Walls is because you've never heard of him. And nobody had until a week ago, until they came outta left field. 'cause Democrats needed somebody whose titularly from the Midwest, even in Nonw state, just so they could pick the person who wasn't a Jew. We'll get to that in just one second.


First, there's only one cell phone company that gives you free premium access to the media you actually care about. That is PureTalk. This might be the best offer PureTalk he has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That is correct. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month. And you get one year free of Daily Wire plus The. Daily. Wire plus Insider Plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Bert run, hide, fight and more. Plus you get our daily shows uncensored ad free. The only way you can get all of that is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. I've been telling you to stop over paying for your cell phone plan for a very long time. If you haven't made the switch on over to PureTalk yet, now would be the best time. I myself have been using PureTalk for years. My coverage is excellent. You can have that excellent coverage plus one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider with a qualifying plan. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today. Switch to that qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. That's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today.


So you may be reading in my expression, excitement. Excitement again. And you might be saying to yourself, wait a second, isn't antisemitism bad? And the answer is yes, but you know what is worse to me? Lies. Lies. And it is a lie that the Democratic party is not full scale comfortable with antisemitism and they're willing to pick a radical who undermines Kamala Harris' entire message, which is supposed to be moderation, which is supposed to be stability. And instead they picked a man who lives in a van down by the river because that's what Tim Walls looks like. It can be played by Ed Asner in the movie according to the Wall Street Journal, who is Tim Walls? Well after graduating in 1989 with a social science degree from Chadron State College in Nebraska, that's some auspicious stuff.


He spent a year teaching in China before returning to full-time status at the National Guard and then a teaching career. He eventually landed about 80 miles southwest of Minneapolis in Mankato, Minnesota, where he taught social studies, coached high school football and raised two children with his wife Gwen. He also continued in the National Guard where he specialized in field artillery and did a tour overseas, but he never saw combat. After 24 years in the National Guard, he retired as Command Sergeant Major before he first ran for Congress in 2006. He was then In his early forties. He entered politics and managed to unseat a six term Republican congressman in a mostly rural southern Minnesota district running as a moderate. And it turns out he was lying. He spent 12 years in Congress, then he ran for governor As someone willing to compromise with Republicans, he won by 11 percentage points in 2018, which was almost four points higher than his 2022 reelect victory where he only won by seven.


Well why would that be? It's because he's a radical. He's a radical. He's indeed he do. So let's go through his record as the governor of Minnesota because it's quite terrible actually. According to the Wall Street Journal, Minnesota became something of a laboratory in 2023 for many of the Democratic Party's goals. Once Walls had a legislature fully controlled by Democrats. So this is what Kamala Harris' administration would look like. This is what Tim Walls want America to look like. Besides establishing the goal of a carbon free electrical grid by 2040. By the way, great idea. Carbon free electrical grid means a non-working electrical grid. Just get ready for it. And that is particularly smart in a place like Minnesota that gets incredibly cold. And where intermittent energy being provided to people's homes actually ends up really, really badly as Texas learned when it relied too heavily on wind and solar in the middle of a giant snap, cold snap.


The state also paid, passed, paid family and medical leave, sick leave, transgender rights protections we'll, which we'll get to a tax credit aimed at low income parents and $1 billion in investment in affordable housing. Barack Obama was super pleased by Tim Walls at the time. He tweeted, if you need a reminder elections off consequences, check out what's happening in Minnesota. Well, walls moved dramatically to the left Republican Paul Gazelka was an insurance agent, former state senate majority leader. He said walls was more of a moderate when he elected, but then he morphed into an extreme liberal who matches Kamala Harris. So here's what you got on the ticket. A lady who tried to bribe out Black Lives Matter rioters and the governor who let those Black Lives Matter rioters completely wreck Minneapolis.


In fact, for just a short version of what Governor Waltz's term has looked like his first term, Mike Murphy, who ran against him for governor in 2022, cut the following ad and here is just a, a short version of Tim Waltz's stellar record in Minnesota, which is why Kamala Harris picked him. Of course I I've just signed executive order 20 dash zero one declaring a peacetime state of emergency for the state of Minnesota. We need to stop congregating. We're gonna close the bars, we're gonna close the restaurants, we're gonna close the places where we gather several hundred thousand of your neighbors were just laid off. An entire industry has been shut down in the face of this all for the greater good.


I'm The governor with the power of the state constitution. Behind him has issued 104 executive orders affecting everything from schools to restaurants and bars to churches, to basically every facet of everyday life. Democrats who control the house are moving in the opposite direction. Some are pushing to put a mask mandate in state law. Hi ho. Why wear a mask to school? It helps to keep me safe. Explosive testimony from a Minneapolis Police Union official who says that the governor ordered cops to abandoned that third precinct during the spring's rioting. I was in the command post. I heard it.


I heard the governor say, give it up At 9 32. Chief Aradondo calls the mayor to tell him they've lost control, can no longer maintain order in the city. And then at 10 13, chief Arradondo who's monitoring the scene from a couple blocks away gets in the radio to announce to defeat, Get a citywide tone right now. And our loss of the third precinct, The third precinct, has been compromised. Mayor said, I request a national guard, pew, I'm out this strike. We're gonna have massively trained troops. No, you're gonna have 19 year olds who are cooks. Okay, so what exactly did Governor Tim Walls do? We'll get to more on that in a moment because he's the most radical candidate she could have picked. I'm very excited about this.


Again, it betrays that she has no political instincts. None. She's a completely manufactured creation. Her pick of Tim Walls shows it. She's a completely manufactured creation controlled by the media and controlled by her base. It's that simple. Remember the breaking news is that Tim Walls, not Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania. Again, it's so, so stupid. It boggles the mind, but good for her for being an idiot. She has picked Kamala Harris has picked Tim Walls, the governor of Minnesota for her vice presidential candidate. We'll get to more on Tim Wall's record in just one moment.


First Grand Canyon University Private Christian University in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. GCU believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunities and that the American dream starts with a purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and create a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come by honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community. So whether you're pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December, 2023, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian affordable, visit gcu.edu. That's gcu.edu.


Okay, so let's begin with Governor Wall's action. During the Black Lives Matter riots of 2020, which of course were the biggest news during his term as the Minnesota Governor. So first of all, he acknowledged his abject failure of his response to the violent protests that happened in Minneapolis that basically burned down the city. You may remember this footage from Minneapolis streets under the gentle reign of Governor Tim Walls Looks like a war zone. And of course it would look like a war zone because Tim Walls among other democratic politicians in the state of Minnesota decided that it was absolutely necessary to allow rioters to Burna down streets, to loot stores, to tear apart the city, to shoot people in the name of racial justice, to take over police stations.


That was Governor Tim Walls who presided over all of this walls said quote, Minneapolis and St. Paul are on fire. The fire is still smoldering on our streets. The ashes are symbolic of decades and generations of pain, of anguish unheard. Oh wow. Poetic language about people burning down. You know, the biggest city In, his state, well done. Tim Walls here in fact was Tim Walls talking about the George Floyd riots saying this has been brewing for 400 years. For 400 years, which is why people are burning down entire cities. In his state and he wasn't calling out the National Guard. These are things that have been brewing in this country for 400 years. And then, you know, reluctantly he said, you know, we can't have like the looting and the recklessness, but he didn't send the National Guard until too late.


Until the city had basically been taken over and destroyed. We cannot have the looting and the recklessness that went on. We cannot have it 'cause we can't function as a society and I refuse to have it take away the attention of the stain that we need to be working on. Absolutely ridiculous. So while Kamala Harris was bailing out the rioters, she's now the presidential candidate, her vice presidential candidate was presiding over the burning down of the city and claiming that the real problem with the burning down of the city, it was like a norm McDonald joke. The real problem isn't the burning down of the city and the hurting of people and the destruction of businesses and the full scale criminality. The real problem of course is that it undermined the cause.


According to Tim Walls, he says, now generations of pain is manifesting itself in front of the world and the world is watching. He cited a call he received from a state senator who described her district on fire. No police, no firefighters, no social control constituents locked in houses, wondering what they were going to do. That is an abject failure that cannot happen. Abject failure would make a great ad against Tim Walls and against Kamala Harris. And just amazing job here by Kamala Harris in picking the person who presided over the rioters. She attempted to bail out of prison. Really, really solid stuff there from Tim Walls. But don't worry, his radicalism wasn't just restricted to the BLM riots. So he had this lengthy wishlist that got passed in 2023 and Wall said, our wishlist is a to-do list and we're checking it off.


So what exactly is in that to-do list? According to the Minneapolis Post, with the help of a $17.5 billion surplus, that would've been $19 billion, had the DFL, which is the Democratic Farmer Labor Party not changed the way inflation was included. Mid-session, the 20 23, 20 25 budget will be 40% higher than the current budget. So this dude loved his spending, he increased the budget by 40%. Democrats then codified abortion rights, paid family and medical leave, transgender rights protections, which we'll get to in a moment. Driver's licenses free legal immigrants. So this new administration, this Kamala Harris, Harris Walls administration, they're gonna be tough on the border. So tough that the new VP candidate wants driver's licenses for illegal immigrants in the state of Minnesota.


Restoration of voting rights for felons. Oh, isn't that nice? Wider voting access, a $1 billion investment in affordable housing, including for rental assistance. So you, you could not find a person who is more radical than Tim Walls also adopted under Tim Wall's. Governorship background checks for private gun transfer, which of course means effectively a gun registry. DFL lawmakers also banned supposed conversion therapy for L-G-B-T-Q people, which is much more controversial than it sounds like when they're talking about conversion therapy. They're no longer talking about the horrible old practice of taking teenagers who were gay and electrode them or something. They're talking about, you know, actual therapy for people struggling with their sexual identity.


For example, he legalized recreational marijuana. He required a carbon free electric grid by 2040. Again, that is such insanity. That is not going to happen. That is not going to happen because the alternative sources of electricity like wind and solar are simply not up to the task of supplying electricity to an entire state. On the base in the middle of some of the coldest areas of the United States adopted a new reading curriculum based on phonics and passed a massive $2.58 billion capital construction package. So that is tax hikes, that is spending that. That is Tim Walls in a nutshell and and of course it is. Tim Walls in a nutshell, remember Tim Walls is effectively a socialist.


And he literally said it, this is one week ago, he was saying that one person's socialism is another person's neighborliness, which comes as a shock to everybody who used to live in Cuba where socialism was another word for your neighbor comes and shoots you in the face For one thing. Don't ever, don't ever shy away from our progressive values. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. I mean this is insane. The fact that you picked him and now Josh Shapiro is such a gift to Trump. It's such a gift. Just run ads with Harris Waltz all day long, all day long. That's all just that record. They're the most radical ticket in American history by far. They make Barack Obama look like a moderate. That's how radical this ticket is. They're insanely radical.


So she didn't pick a swing state guy, she didn't pick somebody who is moderate. She picked somebody from a nonw state who is not moderate and also is not particularly charismatic. But we all know the one thing that he was that we really, really needed was Gentile. That was like the biggest thing, couldn't be a Jew. That was the biggest thing because the pro Kama space won't riot presumably in Chicago if she had picked a Jew, they might have. But now that it's Tim Walls, you know, a white guy from Minnesota who's not Jewish and who presumably supported the J-C-P-O-A the Iran deal under, under Barack Obama. Well that means that means that, that the rioters won't show up because they are the captain now. The radical left is the captain. Now if the Trump campaign does not take advantage, that is political malpractice all of its own, there's a brand new opportunity to reshift the narrative for the Republicans.


And there is a moral and political obligation for the Trump campaign to do just that. We'll get you more of Tim Walls in just one second.


First, let's talk about BET online. So you theoretically could have bet on who exactly was going to be Kamala Harris' Vice presidential nominee. In fact, you could see the betting markets, they're actually right. They started to move last night dramatically in Tim Wall's favor. BET online could have helped you bet on that. Beyond traditional sports BET online gives you the option to bet on political events like exactly this or the outcome of the presidential election. Political betting allows you to wager on real world events outside the realm of sports. Or if you're a diehard sports fan, BET online makes sports betting more accessible and convenient than ever before. With just a few clicks, you can place bets on your favorite teams or events from the comfort of your own home BET Online prides themselves on their higher than average betting limits of up to 25 grand. You can increase your wagering amounts by contacting their player services desk, by phone or email. So while you're watching your favorite team or the news on upcoming elections, why not spice things up with that friendly wager over at BET Online? Go to bet online.ag. To place your bets today, use promo code betting for a 50% signup bonus of up to $250. That is BET online.ag. Use promo code BEN bet online the options are endless.


So back to the radical that Kamala Harris just idiotically picked for her vice president. Again, I'm feeling a little pep in my step this morning. Given the fact that she didn't just betray that she's a radical, she betrayed that she's an incompetent, she's an incompetent. This is a move of political malpractice by Kamala Harris and I couldn't be more here for it. I'm pretty here for it. Here is Tim Walls defending the Afghanistan withdrawal in July, 2024. Good luck with this particular point of order. Given the fact that it was precisely the Afghanistan withdrawal that sank Joe Biden's political hopes all the way back in 2021. Exiting a conflict is never going to be good. That situation was horrific. There were Minnesotans on the ground that were providing aid to that.


I think the biggest thing was, is an understanding that the way that that was prosecuted, the way that we tried to beat stability was simply going to be incredibly difficult. So I, yes, I served with with Senator Cotton. I also know that a lot of his positions have been overly aggressive in terms of how the United States prosecutes a peaceful resolution. So look, the Afghan withdrawal was, was tragic, but it was a longstanding situation that rolled over many, many months. And over both terms of presidents, Absolutely amazing stuff. Great job, Tim Walls. Please keep defending the Afghanistan role. Like let's see how that goes for you. Meanwhile, it was Walls who was just back in August talking about how Joe Biden was a highly effective president.


Part of that democratic coverup of the fact that the president of the United States has been mentally gone for years at this point. First of all, he'd been one of the most highly effective presidents we've ever seen. I said in Congress for 12 years waiting for infrastructure week, he actually delivered on this. And look, Dean is a friend of mine, I love him. But I spent last weekend on Mackinac Island with Tony Evers and Gretchen Whitmer talking about how we're gonna make sure that we win this for Joe Biden. 'cause this is not a debate about Joe Biden's age or experience. It's about a debate about protecting the democracy. Amazing stuff there, amazing stuff there from from Tim Walls. He's a highly effective president, highly effective. Tim Walls, again is on pretty much every radical bandwagon up to and including abolishing the electoral college, which he says is undemocratic again.


Could she have picked anybody who more resembles Bernie Sanders than Tim Walls? Hard to think of one. I do believe the Constitution is a living document. I think Jefferson's quote about as mankind progressed and as technology progressed, the document was to progress with it as how you deal with these things. But I do think you have to be very careful about some of those core principles. It always seems to me, going back to the Senate and the filibuster, the electoral college seems very undemocratic to me. I mean, I think at first blush, Simp man, they are sipping for the radicals. They are sipping for them. And then of course one of his signal accomplishments in the state of Minnesota is that he signed into law in order protecting access to quote, gender affirming care for youth, which we all know what that means at this point.


And then he called conservative states bullies for banning transgender surgeries and hormone treatments for minors. He also suggested that Minnesota agencies should not try to assist other states who are trying to penalize people, refer, receiving gender affirming care. Again, gender affirming care is a euphemism. He also suggested that the state schools, for example, should not notify parents if their children show up to school and claim they're of another gender. That is who Tim Walls is. Here is Tim Walls signing this into law alongside Hildy Edwards, a 12-year-old, a 12-year-old who advocates for the rights of trans children with her parents, Hannah and Dave here is, here is Tim Walls.


We know this urgency is real, thus the need of an executive order today. Now I want to be clear, I can't pretend to understand what goes through people's minds. I cannot imagine the stress that families and individuals go through. But here in Minnesota, we're gonna be a place of refuge to make sure that they feel safe and welcome. And I don't know what a group of people in P who decide to make life miserable and more dangerous for people are thinking, but it's not gonna happen in Minnesota. Amazing stuff there from Tim Walls on every single issue, he is wide open to moderate Americans wide open. By the way, dude also has a bunch of scandals under his name. It's a, it's a pretty much the worst pick of all.


I'm elated. I'm elated. It's the worst pick she could have made. Of all the people worse than Whitmer, who at least is a popular governor of a swing state, certainly worse than Shapiro, worse than Mark Kelly who's a fairly popular senator from a swing state. Like what's, what's the upside here? Presumably the upside is trying to get a bunch of upper class suburban liberals in, in Philadelphia or in Wisconsin to think that this is a dude with blue collar appeal. Sure, sure. So what exactly happened? Well, Tim, so Jim Garrity who writes for National Review, he says this The dirty not so little secret about walls is he's not a good manager on his watch. The Minnesota government has endured one embarrassing scandal after another entailing mismanagement, fraud, waste, and abuse.


Let's start with the state's handling of hundreds of millions of dollars of Minnesota's feeding our future, the largest covid aid fraud scheme in the country, announcing a federal fraud indictment against the Feeding our future nonprofit. FBI Director Chris Ray, called it an egregious plot to steal public funds meant to care for children in need and what amounts to the largest pandemic relief fraud scheme. Yet the defendants went to great length to exploit a program designed to feed underserved children in Minnesota. Amid the COVID-19 pandemic fraudulently diverting millions of dollars designated for the program for their own personal game. This nonprofit used a quarter of a billion dollars in federal funds in Minnesota to purchase luxury cars, houses, jewelry, and coastal resort property abroad. So what exactly is the problem? Well, Tim Walls was the governor and a state legislative audit concluded the Minnesota Department of Education was asleep at the wheel for years and had ignored red flags concerning the nonprofit local CBS news affiliate quote, the report from the legislative auditor found the Minnesota Department of Education's.


Last review of feeding our future was in 2018. It found serious issues with the nonprofit's operations and it failed to follow up. The report said that by 2019 the nonprofit managed more than six times the number of sites than the average multi-state sponsor participating in the program. So in other words, the state kept shoveling money to a fraud outfit and Tim Walls was the governor. How about 2022 walls, according to Garrity, signed into law a plan to pay Minnesota's frontline workers hero pay for their hard work during the pandemic. The state's initial estimate was roughly 667,000 people were eligible for hero pay, meaning they'd received 750 bucks each. Within a few months, the state announced that more than a million Minnesotans had qualified reducing that payment to less, a little less than $500.


If an estimate that's off by roughly 333,000 people raises your eyebrow, you have good instincts. Not only were a significant portion of the recipients for Hero pay ineligible, some of them were dead full scale dead. The same thing was true in the Minnesota State. Government's handling of grants for Arts and Behavioral Health, Minnesota Department of Health and Human Services Behavioral Health Division did not comply with certain grant management policies matching a similar findings of a 2021 audit. Again, that is according to the Minnesota reformer and, and the list goes on and on and on. He's a bad manager, he's a bad governor. He's unbelievably radical. He's from a nonw state and there's only one reason she picked him. And we all know what that reason is and it has a lot of parentheses around it for those who are, who are aware of online nomenclature.


And here's the thing, people don't base vote based on the vice president. They do vote based on the perception of the ticket. In 2008, John McCain to use again Republican example, John McCain was perceived as a maverick. He was perceived as a moderate. And then he selected Sarah Palin as his vice presidential candidate. And that opened him up to lots of attacks that he was actually just super rightwing. Secretly he was, he was a crypto super right winger. He would've been better off picking somebody like Senator Joe Lieberman who had shifted from the Democratic Party to the Republican party just for John McCain. That would've been a smarter pick for him because then the ticket would've been quote unquote moderate. Okay, here Kamala Harris is a radical. Everyone who knows her knows she's a radical. Every policy that she has ever voted for is radical.


Every policy she's ever stumped for is radical. And yet she's attempting right now to avoid media scrutiny and pretend that she's actually secretly a moderate. But there is no moderate Kamala Harris. There is only radical Kamala Harris. And by picking somebody who is clearly an openly politically radical like Tim Walls, she's merely underscored what she is. A double radical candidacy. This is a double radical candidacy. In the same way that Donald Trump picking JD Vance said that this was a MAGA only ticket. This is a radical left only ticket. That is what this is. Which is gonna make it a lot harder for her to shake off stuff like 2017. Kamala, who again? There's lots 2017 Kamala. Here's 2017 Kamala saying we all need to stay woke.


This is the Kamala Harris that we know and love and who will be your president if you don't stop her? Now We have to stay woke. Like everybody needs to be woke. And you can talk about if you're the wokes or woke, but just stay more woke than less woke. Yeah. Amazing, amazing stuff. And that, that of course is who is running political. Ran an entire piece yesterday about how she's being pushed to her left by her base and she will fall for it every single time. 'cause again, Democrats have become audience captured, they're audience captured by their radical base and that is going to hurt them so badly if Trump can prosecute the case and if the media ever decide, you know, to ask her a question at some point.


We're now on by our counter day 17 of her not being asked a serious question. Day 17, she's been the presumptive democratic nominee since Joe Biden dropped outta the race that is well over two weeks ago. She now has a VP candidate. We are in the middle of an economic meltdown. We're in the middle of a possible war in the Middle East. She just chose the most radical candidate she could for vice presidents of the United States. Now might be a good time to ask her a question. Ya Jack in the media Now might be a great time for you to actually, you know, get her to sit down for an interview with say Tim Walls and ask them about bailing out rioters in Minnesota. And as for Donald Trump, Trump should be running hundreds of millions of dollars in ads defining this candidate to finding his opponent. And he should say to Kamala Harris, I want to debate you now until the election, every single day, every single week, the more the merrier, more exposure of Kamala Harris, more of the American people getting to know just how radical and insane she is.


And they let the mask slip, they let it slip. They couldn't even hold it for three weeks. The mask was she's moderate. Democrats are moderate. They can stave off their radical base. The co bush Ilhan Omar, Rashida lib a OC. They can stave them off. Those are people that are just patting on their head, you know, for a little bit of enthusiasm. But or alternatively beneath the mask, they are Ilhan Omar and Rashida Lib and A OC and Bernie Sanders. And that's what you are seeing right now. That's what that Tim Walls pick means in just a second, we're gonna get to the economic meltdown to come. Kamala Harris is the Vice President of the United States. We'll get to that in just one second.


First, I know what it's like to start and run a business and saving time is a major key. If you're a finance professional looking for a better way to maximize productivity and cut wasteful spending, Ramp could be for you. Ramp is a corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. With Ramp, you can issue cards to every employee with limits and restrictions. You can also stop wasting time at the end of every month by automating your expense reporting Ramps. Accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time so you don't have to, you'll never have to chase down a receipt again. Your employees will no longer spend hours submitting expense reports. The time you'll save each month on employee expenses will allow you to close your books eight times faster. Ramp is so easy to use. Get started in less than 15 minutes. Whether you have five employees or 5,000, get 250 bucks when you join Ramp. Just Go to Ramp dot com slash shapiro. Again, that's RA mp.com/shapiro. That's Ramp dot com slash shapiro. Cards issued by Sutton Bank and Celtic Bank members ft IC terms and conditions do apply. Go check them out right now. That is Ramp dot com slash shapiro.


Also, if you didn't notice, The Daily Wire is about to release its first film in actual theaters. It is amazing. It's hilariously rude awakening for the woke from the white dudes who brought you. What is a Woman comes America's Next great question. Am I Racist only In theaters September 13th from the sick mind of Matt Walsh who went undercover in the belly of the DEI beast, surrounded by professional race baiters and diversity grifters. All you had to do, by the way, was put on a wig and it's like Clark Kent. Suddenly they had no idea it was Matt Walsh. Here's what you need to know right now. Presale tickets are available August 15th. Mark your calendars. That date is super important. Watch the trailer right now. www.miracist.com. Get a taste of a comedy to die for DEI. You see it's, it's a pun.


Www.miracist.com. Okay. Meanwhile, while all of this is happening, Kamala Harris has not been asked a single serious question, like zero serious questions. Meanwhile, yesterday, the Dow plummeted over 1000 points. A thousand. Okay? And the reason that the Dow plummeted a thousand points is 'cause people are very much afraid of a recession that is coming. It's unclear exactly how the giant sell off in the Japanese stock market is going to infect other financial institutions. If you over-leverage on a bad bet, then very often that can sink you. We have seen that with a bunch of different financial institutions over the years, ranging from, say, bear Stearns, all the way back to 19 97, 19 98, when you saw financial firms that were falling apart, having bet on the.com bubble.


According to the Wall Street Journal, the unwinding of some Wall Street's, most popular trades intensified on Monday, sending Japanese stocks to their worst day. Since the 1987 market crash Walloping US technology shares US stock indices opened sharply. Lower tracing declines in international markets before recovering somewhat after a survey of purchasing managers showed the services Specter sector expanding last month at a slightly higher rate than expected. So what exactly is happening? Well, I mean, part of this is sort of the natural exuberance that was created by Easy Money for years. Neil Ferguson, who is a historian and also a financial historian, he says the first half of the delusional year was characterized by an AI bubble propelled by investors' belief in tall tales about what large language models could do for everyone's business.


Thereby guaranteeing Nvidia, Microsoft, Google meta, vast profits as far as the eye could see stronger than expected economic growth in the United States, which was the result of unrelenting fiscal stimulus expectations of Fed interest rate cuts. This year though with uncertainty about the precise timing because of all of those bubbles and because of the stronger than expected growth, a rising probability of Donald Trump being reelected, which investors were quietly content with in a quote, don't tell my wife kind of way. Neil's point here is that there are a lot of investors who pretend to be on the left, but secretly they want Trump reelected 'cause it's better for their pocketbook as everybody knows. Also, lack of fear about a US China, Taiwan crisis and lack of fatalities in Ukraine in the Middle East. Okay, now all of those things are going wrong.


So as Neil points out, we have now reached the end of the AI bubble with the crucial blows to sentiment being delivered by the venture capital giant, Sequoia and Elliot. It's equivalent among activist hedge funds. Berkshire Hathaway's decision to slash their Apple position came later and didn't help either. So basically, whenever you have a brand new technology, there is overinvestment in that sector, it gets really hot and everybody said to pour money into that sector and then it sort of fades away. And what's left are the jewels, right? A lot of money got poured into the.com bubble of the early two thousands and then it fell apart. What was left was not the end of the internet. What was left was kind of the best companies. And you're starting to see that in terms of ai right now. Also, we are seeing the signs of a slowdown in the US labor market, as Neil points out. Also, the possibility the Federal Reserve waited too long to cut interest rates and should have already done so.


But the reality is, it's not about the Federal Reserve. As I said yesterday on the program, whenever you have a centralized bank controlling the flow of the economy, that is not a healthy economy. It should not be the centralized bank. It shouldn't be the, the Federal Reserve controlling whether the economy goes up or down. They're in the job of providing stability and solidity not in the job of injecting cash into the economy or sucking cash out of the economy as though they're the great money managers in the sky. Beyond that, obviously the international situation grows worse and worse. Everybody can see that and people are becoming a little bit disquieted by it. And Kamala owns all of this. Remember the theme of this campaign, if you are a Republican, if you are a Trump fan, if you want Kamala to lose is very easy.


Kamala owns all of it. Now again, the the media have been trying to run desperately away from this implication. They want it both ways. On the one hand, Kamala Harris is a wonderful moderate, who is in no way involved with any of the insanely radical policies of the Biden administration. She's not responsible for the border, she wasn't. The borders are, are you kidding? She's not responsible for omics. It's omics, not omics. You know, it's, I mean, we all know, right? I mean, she wasn't involved in any serious decision. Like that's on the one hand. So she's not responsible for anything, but she's brand new and shiny. On the other hand, she's responsible for everything because she is the most important vice president in our history. She was the last person in the room. She's the person integrally involved in every single major decision that Joe Biden made. You can't have it both ways.


The media are trying to, and they're trying to by never asking her a question ever again. But remember it was Kamala Harris who's celebrating Joe Biden's omics in 2021 here she was just a few years ago, talking about the magic of omics Bread costs more, the gas costs more. And we have to understand what that means. That's about the cost of living going up, that's about having to stress and stretch limited resources that's about a source of stress for families that is not only economic, but is on a daily level, something that is a heavy weight to carry.


Amazing. And then in 2023, she was celebrating omics with laughter and joy, right? Because she's a real person. That's what we know. Laughter, laughter, All that, ladies and gentlemen and everyone else that is called omics. That is called omics. And we are very proud of omics, Unbelievable, truly amazing stuff there from Kamala Harris. Well, she should be linked to all of it. She should be linked to all of it that, I mean, she is responsible for all of it. I mean, it was just a couple of months ago that Kareem Jean Pierre was out there saying, we have the record stock market Well folks live by the stock market, die by the stock market.


Here is the world's least talented press secretary. President Biden's economic plan is working. It's growing the middle class, as you hear us talk about all the time. Spur investment in manufacturing created almost 800,000 jobs in this administration alone and infrastructure and outperform other countries. That's what the president has been very focused on. Record stock market highs under President Biden are good for retirement accounts and household wealth. And that is just a fact. And so, which we, which you know, we would never root for a start market crash or for Americans to lose their jobs. It's something that we would never root for from here. But obviously you know the start market, again, it's not the economy, but we believe that the president's economic president, Biden's economic plan is working.


Oh, they believe it. They, they do. In fact, just one week ago, Joe Biden, who is a dead president, which means we should probably put him on some sort of dollar bill, he's like actually no longer alive. But last week he said he cured the economy, which he cured in the same way that he cured Stage four dementia President. What? Whatcha other small things. Okay, Kamala Harris owns this. She owns it. She's the vice president, she's part of the administration. Anytime she wants, she can 25th amendment that old dude. And she ain't doing it. While President Trump was even noting this yesterday, he said, stock markets are crashing Jobs, numbers are terrible.


We're heading to World War ii. We have two of the most incompetent leaders in history. This is not good fact check. True. He said, of course there's a massive market downturn. Commonwealth is even worse than crooked Joe. Markets will never accept the radical left lunatic that destroyed San Francisco in California as a whole. Next move, the great depression of 2024. It can't play games with markets. Kamala crash and then later Trump Cash versus Kamala Crash. You know? That's right. How about lots of that? That would be good. Yeah. And in the meantime, this is what's amazing. This is what's amazing. She just selected a socialist, a self-proclaimed socialism. Isn't that bad? It's just neighborliness. She selected that guy for vice president in the middle of an economic downturn where yes, spent too much money.


She was the deciding vote on the inflation reduction act. That was a 50 50 vote. She was the presiding officer in the Senate with the 51st vote. And she voted that into law. So this is all hers. We did it Joan. We did it Joan. Really well done guy. And in the middle of all of this, they decided it's amazing there is a burgeoning war in the Middle East. That war in the Middle East is being caused by the Biden Administration's. Absolute pathetic, cowardly weakness, absolutely pathetic. This administration in the Middle East, they, they distanced themselves from our ally Saudi Arabia. They distanced themselves from our ally Israel. They tried to draw closer to Iran. And Iran promptly launched a seven front war against Israel and has been attacking American troops.


And Kamala Harris's response to all of that was to Chide Israel for being too mean to terrorists. And Joe Biden is doing the same thing. And then just to cap it off, make sure she didn't pick the Zionist Jew in Pennsylvania who might have won or the election. She instead picked the socialist from Minnesota to please what the Somali base in Minnesota. Amazing high level thinking here from the Biden administration and a betrayal of exactly what it is they stand for. I mean, it shows exactly what they stand for. We'll get to that in just one second.


First, as you know, my days are incredibly full between the show being a dad, various other responsibilities. I can't keep up with my day if I don't get a good night's sleep. That's why I appreciate my Helix mattress. Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. That Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you really don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz the mattress, your body type, and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. 'cause why would you buy a mattress made for somebody else? I took that Helix quiz. I was matched with a firm but breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We are big Helix fans at the Shapiro House. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You can try it out for a hundred nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it, but you will. Helix is financing options. Flexible payment plans make it to a great night's sleep is never far away for a limited time. Helix is offering up to 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows For our listeners, just Go to Helix sleep.com/ BEN. That's Helix sleep.com/ BEN is their best offer yet it's not gonna last long with Helix, better sleep starts right now. Go check them out right now. That Helix sleep mattress may be the only thing keeping me alive given the stress levels at this point. Helix sleep.com/ BEN, that's Helix sleep.com/ BEN.


Okay, so speaking of Kamala Harris', vice Presidential pick, so Tim Walls voted in favor of the J-C-P-O-A, which was the Obama era horrifying deal that relieved sanctions on Iran. It was back when he was in Congress. Kamala Harris, of course, was a big supporter of the J-C-P-O-A. She and this administration have bent over backwards to try and make room for the Iranians. They put extraordinary pressure on the Israelis even as the Iranians are literally firing ordinance at Americans in the Middle East. According to the New York Post, president Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris were briefed in the White House situation room on Monday after a suspected rocket attack against a military base in Rock left a number of US personnel injured.


Biden 81 said he discussed it. Developments in the Middle East with his national security team. According to a post on his ex account again, he's been totally missing. Joe Biden may in fact be dead. We don't know. There's no proof of life. He shows up once every so often and then his mouth moves in some sort of way and sound kind of comes out and then they wheel him backstage and then they take a picture with his body propped up like Elson on a horse. The President said, we received updates on threats posed by Iran and its proxies, diplomatic efforts to deescalate regional tensions and preparations to support Israel should it be attacked again. We also discussed the steps we are taking to defend our forces and respond to any attack against our personnel in a manner and place of our choosing. By the way, manner and place of our choosing means never and the manner is zero. That is probably the way that Joe Biden sees this sort of thing, because when it comes to the Middle East, Joe Biden and his entire full state Department are of the opinion that the more nicely you treat terrorists, the better they treat you.


It's all just a nice game of diplomacy. Meanwhile, Biden has been briefed that the possibility of a major Iranian or Hezbollah attack on Israel in the aftermath of a year of Hezbollah firing rockets in Israel in the aftermath of Iran, activating terrorist groups from seven different countries to attack Israel and then Israel retaliating by killing Ismail Haniya, who is the leader of Hamas, the political leader in Tehran, and also killing the number two in Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Biden administration. They're saying they don't know where or when this is gonna happen. Apparently Antony Blinken told his G seven counterpart on Sunday, Iran and Hezbollah could attack Israel as soon as the next 24 to 48 hours. But in the meeting that Biden and Harris had with the National Security Council in the White House situation on Monday, the assessment was more nuanced.


According to US officials, the officials said Biden and Harris were both told us. Intelligence expects a scenario involving two waves of attacks. One from Hezbollah, one from Iran, and several of its other proxies. And it's unclear who is going to go first. Now, notice that Harris is included in all of this, which means she's responsible for this crap policy and it is in fact a crap policy. Yesterday, the Biden administration trotted out their useless Secretary of State, Tony Blinken, to suggest that all parties must stop escalating. You know, the people who are killing the terrorists and also the terrorists, they have to stop escalating. It's real bad when Israel kills terrorists. And it's equally bad when Hezbollah launches rockets into civilian areas and and kills Drew's children on purpose. And when Iran prepares a massive missile strike on a democratic ally of the United States, basically the same, same, same.


Here's Tony Blinken, incompetent Secretary of State. All parties must refrain from escalation. All parties must take steps to ease tensions. Escalation is not in anyone's interests. It will only lead to more conflict, more violence, more insecurity, Okay? It's gonna lead to more violence and more ins. Well, I mean, if you lecture people, that'll probably, this is all Kamala Harris's policy. This is all Kamala Harris's policy. Joe Biden was asked about Iran and what they're gonna do, and he said, I hope Iran stands down Well, and, and I hope for a bunny rabbit, like, seriously, dude, seriously go eat ice cream and Go to sleep.


You are the most useless president in American history. I wish you were only useless. He's actually the opposite of useful, which is not useless. It is malevolent. Here is the non alive president of the United States and his absolute crap foreign policy. Do you think Iran will stand down? What? Do you think Iran will stand down, sir? I hope so. I hope so. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I, we know you don't know 'cause you're useless. You are a completely useless president of the United States. And guess what? You and your VP are presiding over all of this, all of it.


And is Kamala Harris who's sitting in on all those meetings, so when does she get asked a question again, day 17 of no questions. Where are you media? What exactly do you do for a living? What is it that you would say you do around here? I mean, I understand that you think that you're the pretorian guard for the Kamala Harris run for office, but at this point, you might wanna ask some questions. Got an economic catastrophe in the making. We have a full scale World War III possibility in the Middle East. She just picked the most radical candidate she could find, and you got no questions. Like you can't get to her at all. You're just gonna take the crumbs that are handed out by her press secretary's office. That's how, that's how we do campaigns now. And this is the reason why the Trump campaign must make hay while the sun shines.


I go on YouTube, right? Obviously we all go on YouTube. YouTube is chockfull of Kamala Harris ads. You cannot watch a video on YouTube from children to adults. You cannot watch anything that does not have a Kamala Harris ad on the front. The Trump campaign needs to be pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into defining their opposition. There is no substitute for victory in this election because let's be clear, while I'm optimistic about this election, based on the fact that Kamala Harris has just shown how incompetent she is, well, I think that the Tim Wall's pick is about the worst pick she could have made here. And while I think that it's pretty obvious she forwent Josh Shapiro because her party, they don't like the Jews all that much. And the Jews are, I think that you still need to keep her from being president of the United States.


The thing I fear is that she might win anyway. Now, there is some good news, if you look at the polling data right now, Kamala Harris has had just a sweet couple of weeks, right? She went from not on the map to the vi to the, to the presidential candidate like that, the Democratic Party, a professional party decided to shoot the presidential hopes of Joe Biden down. They decided to, to basically smother the old man's presidential hopes of the pillow. Godfather two style, and, and then they put Kamala Harris in place. She's been asked, not a single question, she's got nothing but glowing media coverage and TikTok videos of her dancing and all the youngsters dancing with Kamala and pretending that you fell out of a coconut tree.


That all of that is, is wildly charming and lovely. She's run a series of campaign ads that include Beyonce's freedom, which of course is the mark of a, of a phenomenal president, is that you, you are friends with Beyonce, that that's the most important thing, as we all know, despite all of that, she's not blowing Trump away in the polls. It's not as though she came from behind and now she's leading by 10. Kamala Harris still can't break 50. She's stuck at 47, 40 8%. Now, that's the good news. The bad news is the last four polls all show her up nationally. Survey USA has her up three on Trump, 48 45 morning consult has her up four on Trump. 48, 44 CBS News has her up one on Trump, 50 to 49. I-N-I-T-I-P-P has her up 46 45. The real clear politics polling average right now shows that she is up in the average by like a bare 0.2 of a point.


So it's still incredibly close, which again, is reason for optimism because the question is how does she go up from here? How does she go up from here? And it's hard to see how she goes up from here. Now, she could have had a big uptick from the Josh Shapiro pick, because again, pose yourself as a moderate come off as a moderate lie about it. But this is pretty, pretty amazing, pretty amazing that she decided to blow the opportunity. Pretty incredible that she decided to introduce Tim Walls in Philadelphia by not selecting the Pennsylvania governor. That is an opening. And if Republicans don't take advantage, that's their fault. I mean, honestly, I know the media are stacked against them.


I know that the rules in some states are stacked against them. There is no excuse for not winning. In the words of general Patton Americans like a winner and will not tolerate a loser no more losing to these people. She has given the opening. The opening is widely available. The Trump campaign needs to reorient. They need to focus laser beam like on the fact that this is the most radical Democratic party ticket in history. In history. This democratic party is more radical than George McGovern's Democratic Party of 1972. This Democratic party has decided to oust the moderates to just no longer take advantage, no longer even apply for them.


It's truly an amazing thing. Now this afternoon, Kamala Harris is going to introduce Tim Walls before the nation and we'll get to know Bernie Sanders, but younger with a Minnesota accent. And that'll be, that'll be really fascinating. I mean, I'm, I'm sure that we're going to, I'm sure that we're gonna love it. But this is what a blown opportunity by her. What a truly blown opportunity. And this is a dangerous world. It's a dangerous world. It truly is. And the people in this dangerous world that you are choosing to leave, you are Kamala Harris, a wild incompetent radical from California. And Tim Walls a wild incompetent radical from Minnesota. So I have a going theory when it comes to Republicans and presidential elections. It's a theory I've been developing over time.


And that is that right now America kind of feels like New York circa early nineties, 90, 91. Things are kind of falling apart. It's getting dirty out there. Times square looks like crap. A lot of crime, just a bad situation. And so they need someone to clean up the show. They're looking for a new sheriff in town, someone to clean it up. Do you want the progressive prosecutor from San Francisco along with the person who is helping her poo poo the BLM riots of 2020? Or would you like Donald Trump to come in and clean this thing up? It turns out that Americans tend to vote Republican when they are concerned about safety, when they're concerned about fear of foreign policy. And Trump happens to be winning on the economy. All the systemic factors are in favor of Donald Trump at this point.


He needs to run a meticulous campaign. Now, I understand that's asking a lot, but it means no more spending time ranting about Brian Kemp. That's not useful. No more spending time on rabbit holes, like whether she's black enough. They let, let the media cover that sort of stuff instead, why not spend your time making the very obvious point. America was better between 2017 and 2019 pre pandemic than it has been from 2021 to 2024. And it will get so much worse under Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. You might say that Trump should try to build the walls. He should try to build up Tim Walls. He should try to point out that this campaign is again, radical, radical, and radical.


JD Vance, just a few moments ago, he pointed out exactly this. So JD has been a weapon on this sort of stuff. Again, he has drawbacks as a candidate, but he has an attack dog. Here's what he said, quote, we continue to pray for the American service members hurt in Alad Rock. I hope the news doesn't get worse. I served in Alad. Kamala Harris has invited chaos to reign all over the world, and our troops suffer because of it. Meanwhile, the Harris campaign sent out its first text making the announcement that Tim Walls is her running mate, quote, Tim is a battle tested leader, was an incredible track record of getting things done for Minnesota families. I know he'll bring that same principled leadership to our campaign. Wow, wow, wow. This is, this is a move.


This is a move. And again, it's now been confirmed. AP CNN, Katie Rogers, who is a reporter from the New York Times, Tim Wal has been notified. He's the pick and has accepted Kamala Harris has offered to be her running mate. Two people directly familiar with the decision. Tell me, and you know what, condolences to Josh Shapiro who tried to sell out his values at the last moment for that VP pick. And it didn't work. And frankly, I'm delighted, frankly, I think that that's a, that's a very, very good thing. Again, Pennsylvania is where the state that that's, it's such a, it's such a catastrophic mistake. Like 5 38 and 5 38 suggests that the OR or Nate Silver rather suggests that Pennsylvania is the state that if it is won by either side decides the election, it's like a 95% shot that whoever wins Pennsylvania wins the election.


And she just forwent that because the governor was a Jew. It's that simple, absolute political malpractice. Joining us on the line is the EXC executable Michael Knowles and his cigars. Michael. I am, I'm excited. I gotta tell you, I'm excited for the first time since Joe Biden dropped outta the race and we've had a couple of weeks of the media not asking Kamala Harris any questions at all. We are now, as I've pointed out multiple times on the show, on day 17 of zero Questions being asked to Kamala Harris. But now she has made her vice presidential pick. And contrary to all common sense, contrary to all intelligence, she has picked a radical Democrat from a nonw state who has very little appeal. Other than that, he's like a white guy, I suppose.


Kind of what, what, what do you make of the pick? It seems like a big un unfor error. I was pulling for Shapiro, just so that we would have an in, I assume, you know, at the family reunion, you could have gotten us some access Not to the White House, not related. Oh, got it, got it. Okay. I assumed that she would probably not pick Shapiro because as you just said, the Democrats hate Jews right now. And the pro-Palestine people are gonna show up to the DNC and Kamala. Kamala is this weird Democrat figure because she is, on the one hand, extremely radical to the left of Bernie Sanders in the Senate. And on the other hand, the consummate establishment empty suit. And she's weirdly both of those things.


And the way she can be both of those things is that the Democrat establishment has moved extremely far left. The Democratic establishment is pushing gender ideology on kids. The Democrat establishment is pro-abortion up until the moment of birth. So that's how she could, she could skirt that line, but the question was gonna be which way is she gonna lean? Is she gonna lean into the Democrat establishment and go with Shapiro, or is she gonna embrace her radical leftism and go with Waltz? I thought maybe Mark Kelly, you know, astronaut senator seems a little bit more moderate. Maybe he could have been a choice. No, she said forget about all of that. She's gonna lean into the leftism, she's gonna lean into the Democrat, into fada. She's gonna lean into where she thinks the base is.


And all I can say about it is at least she's being true to her roots. At least she's, she's giving a clear ideological vision for the campaign and she's sending a clear message to swing state voters, voters in the Rust Belt, the centrist and the moderates and the people who just don't really like Trump that much. She's saying, Hey, vote for me. I'm going all the way left. Yeah. By the way, speaking of going all the way left, the Pro Hamas caucus is ecstatic today. I mean, it's very obvious why she didn't pick Josh Shapiro. And as you say, it's 'cause he's a Jew. I mean, it's that simple. He's a Jew. It's not even that he's pro-Israel because his position is mirrored by a bunch of the candidates who are actually in the Democratic Party. He might be more Zionist than some of them, or at least he was 20 years ago.


Now, of course, he's attempted to shift and move in an attempt to, to win over the pro Kama space of the Democratic Party. But I'm just gonna read you some of the responses from the actual Hamas fans in the Democratic Party. Ilhan Omar quote, congratulations to our next vice president Tim Walls. Our North Star State governor has signed universal school meals, paid family and sick leave marijuana like legalization and protections for reproductive rights into law. Bring Minnesota nice to the ticket. Jamal Bowman, it's walls baby. Let's go. I, I doubt that he would've been nearly as enthusiastic if there had been a triple parentheses guy there. Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez Vice President Harris made an excellent decision in Governor Walls as a running mate. Together they will govern effectively, inclusively, boldly for the American people.


They won't back down under tight odds either from healthcare to school lunch. Let's do this. Bernie Sanders says that he hopes Kamala Harris will select a running mate who will speak up and take on powerful corporate interests. I think Tim Walls is somebody who could do that. So the radical left is celebrating now all the attempts in the world to try and pretend that wall's a moderate or that Kamala is moderate, just fell apart. I mean, true idiocy, true full scale idiocy. I, I I don't understand it. It makes no sense to me. Again, I have a right there. It's kind of amazing. My question is, sure, what does this mean? Kamala is thinking, because we recall Minnesota is the one state that the Democrats managed to win in 1984. Reagan takes 49 states. The one state the Democrats win is Minnesota.


This is not a swing state. So d does this mean that de Kamala is on the defensive here? She's trying to shore up her Democrats support? Or is this Kamala being cocky? Is this her saying, look, we're gonna win and I wanna have a leftist to be behind me to be the legacy, to be the next person in line. So I I I think that it's, it's both those things. So I think that, that she's afraid of her left. I think that Democrats are deeply scared that they were gonna get to the DNC in Chicago and that Josh Shapiro would be on the ticket. Yeah. And you get a bunch of people with Hamas flags out front waving and shouting and burning things. It would make Democrats look super bad. And so instead she's tried to appease that group and she's basically taking Jewish voters for granted.


And assuming that Jewish voters are just gonna go right along with this, I actually don't think that's gonna work this time. There's some polling data that is now showing a shocking uptick in the amount of Jewish support for Trump. And there are a lot of Jewish voters in the suburbs of Philadelphia actually. And so it'll be interesting to also in the suburbs of, of Detroit, we should point out, it'll be interesting to see what the impact is there, because it's not just that Kamala didn't pick a pick Josh, Tim Waltz, it's that she specifically kind of face planted Josh Shapiro. Yeah. Everyone thought that it was gonna be the, the quasi moderate. He really isn't that moderate, but the quasi moderate semis observant Jew who likes Israel, and she flirted and flirted and Florida it, and then she absolutely face planted him in favor of, of Tim Walls, which is a real slap in the face. So I think on the one hand, she's afraid of her base.


She's afraid of that radical base. On the other hand, she's doubling down on the idea that she can get enough of her base out that she's going to win the election. And this to me, has been the most iCal democratic vision since 2012. In 2012, Barack Obama shifted the way the Democrats did elections in 2008. He said, I'm gonna run toward the middle. I'm gonna obscure all of my views and then I'm gonna win a broad majority of the American people. And he did in 2008, and then he had three years of being president. He sucked at it. He had moved way to the left. He'd pushed Obamacare. And now he said, the only way I can win is by cowling together my base and disaffected white ladies. And that will be the new base of the Democratic party. And Hillary tried to duplicate that coalition in 2016. It failed. Biden was only able to, to duplicate the coalition through changing all of the voting rules.


And because we had the weirdest presidential election year of, of all time in 2020, and now Kamala had an opportunity to theoretically run to the middle, and instead she just surrendered the middle to Trump, which is an amazing move. I mean that, that, that is her basically so confident that she's going to be able to, to beat Trump just on the merits that he's Donald Trump, that she can pick whoever she wants, vice president of the United States. And, and so I think the, the confluence of both factors is the answer. I think My, my last question, BEN for you is why not pick Mark Kelly? Why? I mean, why, why did it come down to these two? Why not sidestep the issue of the Israel Gaza War? Why not sidestep the issue of this, the radicalism or the, or the establishment, you know, seemingly moderation.


Why not, why not go with someone totally different? I don't know. I thought Kelly looked pretty good. And so I, I think there were a couple of problems with Mark Kelly. One was that there were some stories about him investing in Chinese companies, which were gonna come out. Two, there were some rumors that he's been a little loose with the zipper, shall we say, in in the state of, of Arizona. And three is that she's running fairly well behind in, in Arizona, like Trump's numbers in Arizona are pretty solid at this point. Yeah. And so despite all of the Democratic loose talk about how she's gonna open up the Sunbelt to electoral prospects, I really don't think that's going to happen. She understands that she sells to shore up that blue wall. There's still a better than average shot she loses Arizona and Georgia. North Carolina actually is weirdly kind of in play. But I think that what she was trying to go for here was that Midwestern play.


But again, it's, it's just, I'm amazed it's political malpractice. And, and again, it teaches you two things. One, she's a radical, but two, she's not good at this. Like we keep pretending that she's good at this. Kamala Harris sucks at this. She's terrible at this. Like everyone is forgetting that her 2019 presidential race was a cataclysm of failure. Everyone is forgetting that that thing was like apocalyptically bad, that it was so bad that she started off with a lead and 20,000 people at her rally. And by the end, she couldn't even get a immediate family in the room to like get a resignation from the race. She quit before they even got to California. And then she was picked off the pile of obscurity by Joe Biden because he needed a black woman in the middle of BLM summer. And, and that's the only reason she's there. And so there was this sort of weird hope that she was going to, you know, rejuvenate herself.


And there's always this hope in politics. I mean, how many times have we seen this with Donald Trump? Orant? Literally every politician. It's like maybe we'll see a new version of them. There'll be a new makeover. Really the only politician I can think of in modern history who's had like a full scale makeover comeback really is Nixon right from 60 to 68. That's the only one. No other politician does this. Every other politician is who the politician is all the way until the end. Kamala Harris is not competent. She's not competent. This is an incompetent political malpractice pick, which is why I'm excited. I think what it actually demonstrates is that she's gonna run a pretty weak election campaign. I think once you get past the TikTok memes, I think once you get past the Beyonce Freedom mashups and montages, I don't think there's anything there.


I think there is, I think she's, I've been saying this for a while, an eggshell skull candidate. I think that she looks like she's kind of normal. And then you tap the eggshell skull and it caves in. And I think that this is the Trump campaign's obligation. They cannot waste time, they cannot waste effort. This can't become Festivus where Donald Trump just wanders around the, the landscape airing his grievances about Brian Kemp. He has one target and one target only the Kamala Harris Tim Walls campaign. And that campaign is the most radical ticket in American history. It's literally the person who presided over the burning down of Minneapolis, combined with the person who's bailing out the rioters in 2020 In Minneapolis. Exactly, exactly. In Minneapolis. The, with the market collapsing with a looming war in the Middle East with it is nice to get a little bit of good news.


If you're a Republican today, I think you gotta be smiling at the pick. I, I, I agree. Kamala Harris, by the way, has just tweeted a quick update. I am proud to announce that I've asked Tim Walls to be my, my running mate as a governor, a coach, a teacher, and a veteran. He's delivered for working families like his, it's great to have him on the team. So she's gonna try to run an economic campaign. Yeah. Good. Good luck to you, lady. That's, that's gonna work out well. Donald Trump is trusted on the economy by double digits, so she's gonna run right into the teeth of that. Again, I'm much more optimistic today, this morning than I was last night when I thought it was gonna be Josh Shapiro, which would've been a much smarter pick. Michael, good to see you. Or at least mediocre to see you. Good to see you. I might light up a Mayflower cigar to celebrate.


I think so. I think so. Again, it is an, an amazing blown opportunity, Michael. I appreciate the time. It's an amazing blown opportunity here by the Harris campaign. It's, it's incompetence, it is foolishness. It's, it is not good. It is not good. Yeah. Again, the, the, the sort of idea that Tim Walls is gonna be the savior of the campaign is pretty wild. He's a deep blue progressive, often called a prairie progressive. Apparently. This was Nancy Pelosi's pick. That's according to Selena Zito. She says that it was pretty obvious it was a Nancy Pelosi pick. It's a progressive pick. All of the, all of the lines of attack are now open. And the Trump campaign would be committing a sin, a full scale sin not to pursue those lines of attack.


Alrighty folks, we've reached the end of the show. We'll be back here tomorrow with much more. I'm BEN Shapiro. This is The Ben Shapiro Show. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Those Moves growing up, I never thought much about race. It never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. They don't say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert, here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. You is America inherently racist?


The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna renamed the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. The so inherently, yes. This country is a piece of shit. White folks, trash white Supremacy. White woman, White boy. Is there a black person around? What happened? Black person right here. Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never been too careful. They say in theater, September 13th rated PG 13.


These small businesses, Sentara Health Plans, has a team dedicated to answering your questions, leaving time for other business thoughts like How did an action figure get stuck in the air vents? Or what is the ideal human to goat ratio from my yoga class? Knowing your health plan questions are answered, you can now focus on your other business needs. Sentara Health Plans a dedicated team for your small business. Sentara Health Plans is a trade name of Sentara Health Plans. Sentara Health Insurance Company, Sentara Behavioral Health Services Incorporated, and Sentara Health Administration Incorporated. Exclusion terms and conditions apply.