
This episode is brought to you by the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's Ben for the fellowship.org. To make a gift today, remember Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


One year ago today, the world turned upside down at approximately 6:30 AM Israel's standard time. October 7th, 2023, air raid sirens go off as kamas fires hundreds of rockets into the state of Israel. Israelis have gotten used to the occasional spate of rockets from the Gaza Strip ever since Israel pulled out of Gaza in 2005 in a vain attempt to disengage from the problem of policing the area, the Eliminationist to Terror Group, Kamas, whose charter explicitly calls for the death of Jews and the extermination of Israel was elected in 2006. Since then, Hamas has spent billions of dollars building hundreds of kilometers of terror tunnels below civilian areas. They've also sporadically fired rockets over the border, necessitating that hundreds of thousands of Israelis go underground or to their mammas safe rooms.


That is precisely what Hamas is counting on. At the same time, the rockets are fired. The security wall between the Gaza Strip and Southern Israel is breached by thousands of Hamas terrorists. They've taken out the monitoring towers, they've knocked down the wall with bulldozers. They've also targeted the IDF troops in the region destroying all resistance in their terror rampage. Their first stop is kibbutz berry unimpeded. The terrorists go house by house. They have good inside information from gazen workers. They kill all the civilians they can find, including men, women, and children. They drag dozens of hostages back into Gaza. This is what the video looked like. You can see them pulling through Kibbutz berry where they've blown away people in their cars. You can see them simply running through the gates.


This includes civilians. It includes elderly people on crutches who are going to participate in the terrorism. You can see them walking through the town unimpeded. You can see them running through what was a perfectly nice kibbutz in Israel, shooting people in their homes and of course them going through the refrigerators of people while they burn their houses and murder them. The footage is of course, deeply disturbing. Here they are dragging some of the members of kibbutz berry away into the hell hole that is Gaza.


And this of course is bodies being taken out of Kibbutz Berry. More than a hundred bodies found the terrorists move town to town, slaughtering as many people as they can find. They killed children in their beds. They behead the body of a Thai worker. But yes, For those of you can't see, they're standing above the dead body of a Thai worker. He's not quite dead yet. He's still moving, but he's been as he moving in the stomach and they begin trying to use a shovel to behead him for the great sin of being in Israel while screaming.


God is great in Arabic. A God and civilians celebrate as civilian Jews and Arabs and non Arabs are dragged back into hell. This is a video of Shani Luke's dead body. She was of course at the Nova Festival. You can see that her body has been completely crumbled. They're all screaming aah bar surrounded by civilians as they drive back into Gaza. She clearly is dead from the position her body is in. Kamas tried to maintain for weeks that she was not. Meanwhile, Kamas terrorists as mentioned descend on the Nova Music Festival, a large scale party near the Rahima Kibbutz gliders descend over the wall and proceed to kill 364 people abduct dozens and by the testimony of survivors rape many of women before murdering them.


You can see in this video, members of Hamas in their paragliders descending on the music festival. This of course, should become iconic in the United States when left-wing groups would actually animate logos in solidarity with the members of Hamas. Israelis from all walks of life rushed to the scenes of the massacre trying to rescue the Jews, Arabs and others under assault. Many die or are wounded in the attempt. It takes days to completely clear the area of the Gaza envelope of Hamas terrorists. By the time the massacre is over, some 1,200 Israelis have been murdered. 250 have been taken hostage back to Gaza. Meanwhile, in the north of Israel, Hezbollah a terrorist group backed by Iran has joined the war as well. They started shooting rockets into Northern Israel by the hundreds.


The only thing keeping them from a full scale invasion is probably fear of destruction in the United States. We begin to find out the details of the massacre. Only gradually the terrorist had waited as per their usual, religiously respectful arrangement for a Jewish holiday in order to commit their horrifying crime. My family and I had only left Israel on October 6th to make it home for the final of the high Holy Days. Rah, we arrived home on Friday afternoon, on Saturday morning. On my way to shul, I'm stopped by my security. I'm told what's going on. First they say there are dozens of dead, then a few minutes later, hundreds. Then over the course of the day, over a thousand members of my community are in shock. Some have relatives in the assaulted areas.


One has a brother living in an area directly under attack. The feeling of dread prevails not just our community, but the entire Jewish community worldwide. It's the worst terror assault on Jews since the Holocaust. In the years since October 7th, Israel has launched the most targeted, successful urban military operation in human history. Israel has destroyed 23 out of 24 Hamas battalions with heartbreaking but statistically minimal loss of life among their members of the IDF. Their ratio of terrorists to civilians killed is the lowest and recorded military history. Israel is killed the political leader of Kamas Isma Khia in a pinpoint operation in Teran Iran. Israel is killed the military organizer of Kamas Mohamed dif. They may have killed Yasir, the military leader behind October 7th.


He's been out of touch for weeks in the North. Israel has in the last month absolutely devastated Hezbollah, an incredibly sophisticated and colorful operation, utilizing exploding beepers. Beepers. Israel sold to Hezbollah, all simultaneously destroyed Hezbollah's communications and their top level leadership. Then there was a follow-up operation in which they exploded Hamas', walkie-talkies. Then there was a series of targeted airstrikes that culminated with the destruction of Hezbollah's long range capacity and the killing of their terror leader, Hassana Raah and his deputies. And now there's military operations going on by ground troops in southern Lebanon. Israel has also struck the Iran back, Yemeni Houthis with fours after Yemen sent a drone and cruise missiles into Israel.


Meanwhile, Israel and its allies have blunted two separate massive direct Iranian drone and missile assaults. And now Israel threatens extraordinary retaliation for Iran's last major act of war that happened just last week when Iran shot 181 cruise missiles into Israel. If October 7th, 2023 was the low point in the history of the state of Israel, Israel now stands in perhaps its strongest position in living memory. Iran's top two terror proxies. Hezbollah and Kamas have been eviscerated. Iran itself lives in fear of Israeli retaliation. The Sunni Gulf Arab states that were considering the broadening of the Abraham Accords, who may have thought that Israel was a weak horse after October 7th, are moving steadily toward normalization with Israel again.


But the last year has been a year of lessons. In fact, there are seven major lessons that have to be learned, or October 7th will be repeated to even worse effect, not just in Israel but in the West more broadly. Lesson number one, evil exists now it's become fashionable in the West to believe that evil does not exist. That really there are no truly evil people, only people who are misguided, who have bad thoughts or who are victims. It's tempting to believe we all believe the same things. We want the same things, but we're prevented through conflicting ideologies and interests from obtaining those things. That is a lie. There are in fact better and worse cultures, better and worse ideas and better and worse people.


And there is in fact evil. It is difficult to think of better evidence of human evil than this phone call in which a Hamas terrorist in the middle of the massacre called his family to tell them how proud he was that he had murdered Jewish civilians. Why? Hi dad. I'm talking to you from Ms. Esteem WhatsApp now and you'll see all those killed. Look how many I killed with my own hands. Your son killed Jews. It's inside MyUM Dad and his father says, may God protect you. Dad, I'm talking to you from a Jewish woman's phone. I killed her and I killed her husband. I killed 10 with my own hands And his father is saying, ABAR dad, open WhatsApp and see how many I killed.


Dad, open the phone. Dad, I'm calling you on WhatsApp. Open the phone. Go. That is the voice of evil members of Hamas chopping the heads off dead tie workers, members of Hamas shooting children in their beds. That is evil. Hamas didn't just cross a border and kill soldiers. It targeted civilians. It celebrated the murder of civilians. It celebrated the rape and slaughter of civilians. The Nazis hid their crimes. Hamas live streamed them in real time for the whole world to see. It's not as though the West's enemies are hiding the ball. Here Yasir, leader of Kamas has openly called for Israel's destruction after, by the way, being healed of brain cancer while being held in an Israeli prison and then released Hezbollah has said the same thing, so have the Houthis.


The Iranian government has said the same thing. The easiest cop out is to pretend evil doesn't exist, or that evidence of evil is actually evidence of oppressed status that is lazy and it is ugly and it is a lie. The book of Isaiah says, woe unto them that call evil good and good evil that put darkness for light and light for darkness that put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter woe to us. Lesson number two, only the credible threat of crushing force destroys evil. Evil cannot be deterred through negotiation. Buying off evil with promises of negotiated settlements does not work. The old adage that you don't negotiate with friends, you negotiate with enemies. That's only true when your enemies understand their failure to achieve a negotiated settlement guarantees their own destruction.


Historian Jeffrey Blaney authored a book called The Causes of War, where he examined every international war between seventeen hundred and nineteen eighty eight, two hundred eighty eight years of war. His conclusion, wars only break out when one side correctly or incorrectly believes it can win or can deal the enemy a serious blow. For purposes of improving bargaining position, he wrote anything which increases optimism is a cause of war. Anything which dampens that optimism is a cause of peace, crush your enemies and win peace. Let them know that you will crush them and prevent war. War can only be deterred through the credible threat of overwhelming force and that credible threat only comes from a record of victory. That is why Israel is now pursuing the only strategy of war that has ever worked, ever a strategy that has now been abandoned for generations by the West victory.


Victory leads to further peace as neutral states. Sign on. That's precisely what Donald Trump knew when he brokered the Abraham Accords. It was the weakness in stupidity of the Biden White House and the blindness of Israelis who went to sleep on Hamas that led to October 7th. This is why the current Biden administration tactic of trying to hold back Israel from destroying its enemies isn't just wrong. It's dangerous, which leads to lesson number three. Weakness incentivizes your enemies weakness incentivizes evil people to act. Israel has spent four decades apologizing for its own power, hoping to apologize for the necessity of strength in defending its existence in one of the worst spots on planet earth. Since Oslo, Israel has promoted the absolute lie that it could simply pay off those who wished its destruction.


Israel pulled out of large segments of the so-called West Bank, the biblical homeland of Judean Samaria, and handed it over to the terrorists. Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian authority and Fatah. They pulled out of Gaza and they handed it over to the terrorist group. Kamas. They pulled outta Southern Lebanon and they handed it over effectively to the terrorist group. Hezbollah. None of it bought peace, none of it. All of it bought war, all of it. The same thing is true of the pathetic Biden administration. Thanks to the increased strength of the Israeli tech sector and military over the course of the past decade. And thanks to the rising threat of Iran created by the pathetic Obama administration, and it's a truly disgusting decision to woo Iran. In lieu of America's allies, the SUNY Gulf states signed on to the Trump, back to Abraham Accords. They knew they'd have to form an alliance against Iran and that any durable future could be achieved only in alliance with a forward-looking technological and military power.


Then came the Biden administration, which moved quickly to alienate Saudi and Israel in favor of Iran. Again, this letter on in fear, the prospect of a Saudi Israeli alliance to activate Hamas. The goal being to split the Muslim world over the Palestinians who have never wanted a state and never wanted peace and have always been a tool in the Middle East to destroy the state of Israel. When Trump says October 7th never would've happened on his watch. That is clearly correct. If America had made clear it was gonna back Saudi and Israel against Iranian proxies, rather than attempting to chastise both countries for fighting those Iranian proxies, Iran wouldn't have had room to breathe. Instead, they got billions of dollars from the White House and they went for broke. Lesson number four, division incentivizes your enemies.


Unity brings victory. Internal weakness. Division incentivizes your enemies. Israel is super divided over judicial reform. A question of just how the judiciary in the country would be allowed to control the legislature and the executive. That fight in Israel wasn't really about the structure of the judiciary per se. It was really about the demographics of the state. With some secular Jews upset with some members of the rising tide of the religious, the people of Israel, it turns out, weren't nearly as divided as the elite in Israel. No matter Hamas saw, they saw weakness and they acted Israel. However, instead of shattering Drew together, the social fabric stood strong. It turns out everybody secular in Israel has a religious cousin. All the same people who had threatened to walk out on their military service instead signed up for immediate service.


Religious and non-religious Ashkenazi and sefardi. Everyone joined up and fought side by side. The people of Israel are united by a common enemy of course, but they're also united by a common history and a shared fate. So are we in the west more broadly? If only we would see it, but we may be too busy tearing ourselves down. Which brings us to lesson number five. The West has failed to teach its children the right things. We have failed. The West has taken the cancer of decolonization ideology into its bones. It is bone deep for generations, particularly since the end of World War ii. The elites of the intellectual west have been apologizing for Western existence. They've been teaching our children the West is a colonialist power, exploitative brutal, and that the enemies of the west, they're just victims.


That's why they're so upset. That's why the children of the west are marching around with Hamas and Hezbollah flags next to their trans pins. They agree with the words of Jean Paul sart that quote, you who are so liberal, so humane, who take the love of culture to the point of affectation. You pretend to forget that you have colonies where, where massacres are committed in your name unquote, the only way to atone is to join people who would tear down western civilization. Some of the left props up moral creon like Kane Hasse codes to tear away at its own foundations, our civilization hands, the millions of dollars and our finest awards from our finest universities. All because we as a civilization are too shy to teach our own children that our civilization, yes is superior. And that if you're losing to our civilization, maybe it's not because you're a victim, maybe it's because you are a loser making bad decisions.


Lesson number six, the West has imported its own enemies as part of its own suicidal path. The west has now imported millions of people who wish for our destruction. It is not racist, it's not bigoted to point out openly that importing millions of people who openly sympathize with tarot groups is not strength. Diversity is not our strength in this sense that is insanity. But that's precisely what the west has done. All in the name of supposed global reparations for the success of the West. This cannot continue. Everyone knows it. The Nordic countries know it. The French know it, the British know it, and Americans know it too. And yet to say so is somehow considered taboo. It can't be. Not all cultures are equal.


Some cultures are far worse than others. Not all ideas are equal. Some ideas are far worse than others and not all people of all cultures and all ideas belong in the West. If you march with the Hezbollah or a Hamas flag, you do not belong in this country. You do not belong in the West. You certainly don't belong on scholarship on an American college campus. Final lesson, lesson number seven. In every generation they rise to kill the Jews. So finally, the last lesson, the ha, which is the document we, the Jews we read on Passover has a very famous passage, the he Shada. In each and every generation, they rise up against us to destroy us. And the holy one, blessed behi rescues us from their hands. And that certainly Drew. Historically in every generation there are those who rise up to destroy the Jews and they fail.


And as a religious Jew, I'll say, yes, they fail because of God, but they also fail because they are failures. The very ideology of antisemitism is a failure. It rests on a very simple premise that the Jews are conspiratorial force who actually control the world through nefarious means all in pursuit of corrupt ends. This isn't just nonsense on stilts, it's dangerous nonsense. And it's not just dangerous for Jews, it's dangerous for any civilization that cherishes success and incentivizes it. One of the oldest stories in the Bible, of course, at the beginning of the book of Genesis, is the story of Cain enable in it. Cain enable both brings sacrifices to God and God rejects Cain's sacrifice but accepts ables. It's not really clear just why God makes that decision, but we do know what God tells Cain.


He says, quote, why are you angry? Why has your face fallen? Surely if you do right there is uplift. But if you do not do right sin CROs at the door, it's urges toward you, but you can master it. That by the way is the message of a successful west. You can master those urges instead, Kain kills Abel, the first murder in human history. This is still the model of murder today, particularly political murder justified by supposed victimization. Cain was not a victim even though he thought of himself as a victim. Neither are those who turn their lands into hella holes who spend billions of dollars on terrorism who call for the leveling of human achievement in favor of a cannibalistic pseudo justice. They are scavengers and they have to be fought. Tooth and nail.


October 7th may have been a win for Israel's terrorist enemies, but in the subsequent year they learned one particular lesson that if they bet wrong if they attack the west, if they bet on the weakness of the west and its own pathetic unwillingness to survive, if they bet wrong on that, they will be destroyed. I spent the last year talking, but the parents of hostages with soldiers who have lost limbs in battle with the family, members of soldiers who have been slain and family members of people killed on October 7th. And since they all know one thing Israel cannot afford to lose. And so Hamas and Hezbollah and Iran are finding out the hard way around and find out it's about time the rest of the West learned that lesson and applied it because that's the only type of west that will be able to survive and thrive.


And humanity depends on precisely that the West surviving and thriving as we've been talking about today, October 7th March one year since the worst attack on the Jewish people since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis lost their lives. Over 250 were taken hostage and the war in Israel continues to rage on today.


Earlier this month, Iran launched a massive barrage of nearly 200 ballistic missiles at the Holy land. This isn't just another conflict in the Middle East Israel and her people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who seek her destruction. But there's hope the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured and their families need our support. Your gift of $100 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's bend for the fellowship.org to make a gift today in the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you. Now is the moment to give. Never has there been in recent memory a more dangerous time for the state of Israel and for the people of Israel. Remember Ben for the fellowship.org. Thank you so much.


I had the opportunity a little bit early on this week to to talk with the parents of a person who's still being held hostage in Gaza. The suffering is not yet over. For Jews who were taken and their families, everyone who has stolen off into the hell hole, that is the Gaza Strip created by Hamas. Hamas could surrender. This could be over any day they want, but they are not. I was joined earlier this week by Orna Nutra and Nutra, their son, Omer Nutra is a 22-year-old dual citizen of the United States and Israel was kidnapped into Gaza. Here's what it sounded like. Joining us on the line are Ora Nutra and Ronan Nutra. They are the parents of ER Nutra, a 22-year-old dual citizen of the United States and Israel who was kidnapped by Hamas on October 7th or Ronan.


Thanks so much for taking the time, really appreciate it. Thank you Ben. Thank you for having us. So why don't we begin by talking about OER as, as a person, obviously he's an American citizen, he decided that he was gonna go join IDF Tell, tell me about your son. OER was born here in New York City. He grew up on Long Island. Very warm community. Very he, he grew up, you know, warm Jewish community, very zionistic obviously we're also dual citizens of the United States and Israel. And we have a big family in Israel. So we visited Israel many times. We're both descendants of Holocaust survivors.


And oh, I grew up on the that, you know, Israel needs to be strong, he loves Israel. And when he was accepted to college, it was a family decision for him to spend a gap year before he went to college in Israel. And he chose to spend that year together with Israeli kids in a, in a program, which is pretty much a gap year for Israeli kids before they joined the army. And he grew very connected to his new friends and, and to I guess certain parts of his identity, which were dormant. And throughout that year he started developing feelings that, you know, he couldn't just go back to his life without doing his share and protecting Israel, which he loved so much.


Yeah. But I want to add that Omer is a, an all American kid. He loves the NBA, the NFL, you know, he is doing fantasy leagues. He is, he is just like any American. He grew up here. He, he loves America and, and, and he learned to love Israel and He has a messy room. And, and yes, he is sometimes he is very goofy and he is extremely social and and he is a big guy. Everybody loves to, to hug him and to be together with him. It's just, we miss him so much. So I, I know it's difficult, but take me through the events of, of what you know about what happened on October 7th with, with Omer.


Yeah, so Omer and his group were stationed between Kibbutz Rim and Kibbutz Oz. And their job was to protect those kibbutz team in time of peace. And nobody expected, obviously there was a big failure of intelligence 'cause nobody expected what happened on October 7th and on early morning October 7th, they rushed to the border as first responders with two tanks and a small platoon of Gani soldiers trying to protect the border, not knowing that they're gonna be meeting and facing thousands of Isis kaas terrorists gushing through the border, attacking their tank.


Their tank also had a malfunction. The bres were jammed and unfortunately it had to drive very slow. As a result, they managed to put explosive on the tank, put it on fire, and the Erni team were pulled out of the tank after we were smoked and taken hostage into Gaza. It took us a few months to learn that the driver was actually killed on that spot and one of the soldiers was murdered as it was pulled out of the tank. And Omer and a teammate were taken alive into Gaza. That's as far as we know. There was a video propaganda that Hama published that is, is just available out there and basically showing that they're pulled out of the tank.


But we have no further information ever since. So there, there have been oppor, there have been opportunities for the International Red Cross to, to get aid into Gaza, but there's no been, they've, they've not had any contact apparently with the hostages at this point. Is that correct? The, the Red Cross was not allowed and that's that, how can that be? The, the Red Cross is not allowed to visit any one of the hostages. And we got no official to, to see them, see their medical condition, give them attention, make sure that they're getting fed and, and getting water. Not, we have no idea. We, we know from people that return that the conditions there are are horrible.


We have been kept in the dark. This is, you know, you're talking about a terrorist, the the biggest terrorist attack on the Israeli state on October 7th. But for us it's been a prolonged terrorist attack. And of course for the hostages, you know, they're still there. And from what we just recently saw, the information that came out after the brutal execution of the six young people a month ago, you know, there, there's not much room left for imagination there. We were shown the, the conditions that they've been held, they were found emaciated. You know, what else does the world need in order to take action on this?


So obviously your, your son is a dual citizen, he's an American citizen. Have you, have you spoken with the Biden Harris administration at all about what's going on with your son? What sort of support have they offered, if any? What, what what are they talking about doing? So we, we are feeling that the Biden administration has been very communicative with us. We've been traveling to Washington, DC probably 15 times or more. We met in the White House with the National Security Advisor, national Security Advisor team. We are meeting them periodically every two, three weeks. And they give us updates. They care about our opinion, we share thoughts, but you know, as they said, the proof is in the pudding.


Our son is still there, seven Americans are still there, and we are pushing them as well as any international party to do whatever they can to put pressure bottom Hamas and in Israel to reach a deal that is so much needed to bring our son back and the rest of the hostages. Yeah, it must be very difficult to, obviously not just what you're going through, but also to watch the world response to what has happened since October 7th. People marching in the streets in solidarity with Hamas as parents of somebody who's being held hostage by Hamas. What what do you make of that? You know, we think it's just insanity, you know, what's going on and you know, we really believe that if there was real concern for the Palestinian people or really appealing to anyone who's really concerned, you know, for, for the Palestinian people, then they should be demonstrating together with us against Hamas and against Hezbollah and against all these enemies that are surrounding the state of Israel because they really do not care about the Palestinian cause They're taking their own people hostage and they're just using them in, in their fight against the state of Israel.


So, you know, what we're seeing people demonstrating in favor of these terrorist organizations is just appalling. And it's such an inversion of the truth. Where's the moral clarity on this Zero moral clarity. And I, I, I wanna give an example there, there is 7th of October demonstration in McGill University in Canada. And on their advertisement, they're showing the tank that Omer was pulled out of as a pro-Palestinian victory that they are marching for the pro Palestinians. Can you imagine that his tank is being shown on McGill University propaganda as as, as a proof that what happened was the right thing that attack on Israel.


It's disgusting. So you've started a GoFundMe to help to free your son. You guys are going around and doing all sorts of diplomatic initiatives. You're reaching out to other families who have relatives who are being held hostage in Gaza and conducting international media outreach. We will drop the link obviously below so that people can, can help give, you know, what's, what's your message as parents of somebody who's being held hostage? What is it that, that the American people that the world needs to know about the situation of, of family members who are currently being held hostage by one of the worst terrorist groups on the planet? Well, our life stopped on October 6th. We spoke with Erla on October 6th. This was before anything, you know, happened.


And he was expecting a quiet weekend. Our life changed forever on October 7th. And anything that we did or knew before that has, has shifted and moved aside. You know, and, and like you said, we've been traveling across the world to Israel, back to Washington, to everywhere where there's an ear and, and a and a an opportunity to impact or do something to impact the release of Omer and the remaining hostages. And it's taken a toll on our family, on our work, and it, and it has a cost to it. And we don't see the end of it right now.


You know, we pray and hope that this will end, but real soon, but we're not seeing it right now. We have to continue to put pressure on the US administration. Of course, we're in election year, we've been both in the DNC and the RNC, we saw that this is a bipartisan issue. The hostages is a humanitarian issue. It's not political yet. Everything becomes political end of the day. And we have to press everybody, including the current administration now to act. This is a matter of life and death. There's no time that the hostages are dying there. We can't wait and say, let's see what the next administration is gonna do.


We simply don't have that luxury. So we are acting full steam. And of course, October 7th coming up is just a date for us. We count the days and the hours and the minutes and it, it's all becoming very, very blurry. And we appreciate any, you know, our community and anybody who's willing to help and assist in our, in our plight to bring those hostages back. There are hostages from 20 different countries, five main religions. This is not just an Israeli problem, this is not just a Jewish problem. This is a humanitarian global problem. And if we don't solve it, it's gonna hunt us.


And it came, come here. You know, Amer was born a month after nine 11. We were here in New York City and we saw what terrorism can do. We have to fight terrorism wherever it is because if you don't fight it at its regions and its roots, it's gonna hunt you and come to back to your home. And that's what we are shouting here in front of everybody, help us, help us bring the hostages. Taking hostages is so, such an unhumane behavior against any international law. Not letting, like you said, the Red Cross see them. Who does that? Taking bodies as bargaining chips.


Who does that? Well, Ron and or Nutra, thank you for coming on the show and talking about your son. Thank you for your courage and in in everything that happens from here on out. Thank you, Ben. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate you. I also had the opportunity to sit down with Aaron Boars. He's 34 and a lone soldier in the IDF from Great Neck, New York. He was injured in Gaza as part of Operation Iron Swords. He of course had been called by the left a member of a genocidal army. A greater lie, it would be difficult to propagate considering the fact that according to Channel 12, foreign sources from Hamas have admitted that 80% of the casualties in the Gaza Strip on the Hamas side on the Gaza side had been members of Hamas or their families.


Aaron was wounded pretty gravely by Hamas Terrace while serving in the Gaza Strip. We had the chance to sit down with him earlier this week. Well, joining us online is Aaron Boar's Lone Soldier in the IDF from Great Neck, New York. Aaron was injured in Gaza as part of Operation Iron Swords. Aaron, thanks so much for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Thanks A lot Ben. It's great to be on your show and appreciate you having me. So why don't we just start with, with how things went down for you, your journey since October 7th. Absolutely. So I've first of all been a lone soldier in the IDF for a number of years now. So I'm 14 years in Israel. I moved from New York to Israel to be a lone soldier to enlist in the GTI brigade, part of the combat forces in the Israel Defense forces October 7th, day to day, I'm a marketer.


I'm a chief marketing officer at an AI startup, flying a lot for conferences. October 7th caught me from Chicago to Las Vegas. I was en route to my second conference of a big work trip. I got off the flight, I was married a month and a half before that, and I had about 20 missed calls from my wife. She was in hysterics because a white pickup truck with Hamas lunatic terrorists on the back of it had rolled into the border town of s in the south of Israel. And she was, she was looking for some kind of calm in an otherwise extremely anxious, scary situation. And I gave it to her. But in all honesty, I knew that all hell had broken loose. And I myself knew that this was different than anything I'd faced before.


And that we'd faced as a country moving forward. And I got stuck in an, in a suite in the Encore Hotel. I was in Vegas, scrambling to get back to my unit. Delta canceled my flight at the same time that my unit was called up and we're part of the Southern command. So our job is to defend the South. And when needed to go into Gaza, if, if provoked, I returned to Israel three days later, joined my unit and we were part of the first big wave on October 30th, part of the ground operation into the Gaza Strip to try to put pressure on Kamas to bring back those hostages and unearth that labyrinth of terror tunnels that they've spent all that humanitarian aid o. And so I was there for about 15 days.


We uncovered six tunnels. We're moving in a residential neighborhood in the north of the Gaza Strip. Although, what is residential in the context of Hamas, a lot of the houses that we went into, we found tunnels in, in bedrooms. We found RPG heads in a, a bedroom closet of one of the kids' bedrooms, just radicalization all over. And as we're moving through that residential area, there are schools, there are mosques, there are hospitals that have left standing because the IDF follows a strict moral code. We don't like to bring down civilian infrastructure. A, the optics of it, and b again, it's against our ethics. So a school was standing an un a school that we had to pass in front of.


I'm in the officer squad. We were passing in front of the school. We're a little bit too exposed this day. It's November 14th, 2023. I pass safely. I get to the house where we suspected a tunnel was in, and I turn around to see where my officer is. This is my friend, this is my brother in arms. We've been together for a number of years in the IDF serving together. And as I turn around to see where he is, I hear, and I, and I see shots are fired out of the school. And from behind the school, it's a few shots. Very quickly, my commander goes down, our comms person, our radio person goes down with him. They were a pair.


Both of them are on the floor. And I'm about 65 feet from the two of them at the entrance to this house. I start shooting back towards the school. There's no civilians in the area at this point. I haven't seen a civilian in my 15 days in Gaza, nor under rubble or, or alive walking around the Gaza Strip. I think they've heated at this point, the orders of the idea f to evacuate. So we're just talking about Hamas. Hamas shooting at us from a school. I direct my weapon towards where I hear the AK 40 sevens blasting and I shoot back. But they're like ghosts. You can't really hear them. You can't really, sorry. You can't really see them. They like to pop outta their tunnels for a few minutes called chaos and then go back down. And so I'm shooting for a few minutes and, and as I'm giving cover fire to my officer and our comms person, you know, I, I look over and I see that my officer's in bad shape and it looks like he's lost a lot of blood in my mind.


He's critically injured. And if I run out to try to save his, you know, if, if I run out and grab him and get him inside, maybe I can save his life. So that's what I did. I sprinted out to him. I'm getting shot at constantly as I do this. I get to him, I pick him up, he's got his gear on his vest and his, his bag. And, and, and he himself is a very muscular guy, heavy guy, but I'm successful in, in lifting him up. And I, I move two to three feet towards the house. And on that third step I get shot in my right leg by a Hamas sniper. And the sniper was behind the school and it's like, I don't know, it felt like getting hit by a Cameron ball. I felt my leg flew off my body and didn didn't wanna look.


So I was on the ground now and I didn't wanna look 'cause I, I didn't want to go into shock seeing that my leg wasn't attached. And so I started to crawl myself back to the house. And as I'm crawling, I get shot in my left leg by an AK 47. But I'm crawling, crawling, crawling. There's bullets from AK 40 sevens going off all around me hitting rocks. The rocks are weaponized. They're going into my right hip, they're going into my lower right back. And I'm just crawling, crawling, crawling, you know, I wanna live and I'm wheeling myself to the house. And miraculously I get there. We have a few soldiers already inside who have crossed and they take me in. Our paramedic goes to work on my leg. He thought I was gonna lose my leg. He thought I was gonna die. 6, 6 9 came the best search and rescue team in my opinion in the world.


And within three hours I was at Sheba Medical Center undergoing surgery. That that was a miracle. They were able to save my leg. They didn't have to amputate 99% of the time, based on the severity of my injury and the amount of bone that I lost, I lost eight centimeters of, of bone in my right leg. An injury like that, they have to amputate. And in my case, none of the bone hit a key artery. So I got to keep my leg. They saved my life. The tragedy of my story is that my officer, who I thought I could have saved was, was instantly killed by a sniper bullet. And I just didn't see it. So he was the first person shot. He was assassinated.


Hamas loves to take out IDF officers to try to cause again chaos in our ranks. And, and that's what they did this day. They were successful. His name was only David, 27 years young, was gonna propose to his girlfriend of seven years, loved Israeli boutique beers on the, on the beach and, and traveling to Thailand like all good Israelis do, and we'll miss dearly. So that's my story. I'll, I'll stop there. And Yeah, I mean, yeah, tell me what the, the combat, you mentioned the combat situation in, in Gaza. The, obviously the, the sort of propaganda that's gone out from Hamas, and that's been picked up by enormous amounts of Western media and of course college students, is that Israel is pursuing some sort of genocide in the Gaza Strip.


That, that Israel is deliberately targeting civilians. That, that Israel, the IDF is, is an inhumane force. You are operating on the ground there. What, what, what do you say to those sorts of accusations? Well, it's heartbreaking for me to see kind of where we've come. You know, I'm an American Israeli. I'm proud of both those, both those countries. Proud to be born in America, proud to have continued my life into adulthood in, in Israel. We're not committing genocide if we were, we're doing a horrible job at it. The amount of time we gave to activate ac evacuate the north of the Gaza Strip to allow the IDF, you know, time to, to get Gaza into safety.


You know, that meant that they had more time to set booby traps. But we did it anyway because we value their lives. And we're not trying to drag innocent civilians into this conflict. Hamas doesn't. And the fact that the school was allowed to stand my leg, the fact that I'm still on crutches is a testament to the fact that, you know, we leave these buildings, this infrastructure standing because that's the moral code that we follow. And then Hamas abuses that moral code, and they were using an unre school from which to launch this ambush, to launch this attack. Within that school. There was a tunnel, there was a weapons depot. Why, why do you need those things in a school if you're using the money as an organization for good, for education and to, you know, advance Gaza and civilization. So, you know, I I I think that the genocide, genocide is a word to describe what's going on.


It's so inaccurate and it's been disproven time and time again. I think South Africa is still digging for some kind of clue to, to inform their, you know, a, a political attack on Israel. So, you know, as someone who's an educated New Yorker, we're not committing genocide. Every combat soldier, I know in the reserve force we're talking about a mechanic, a teacher, a student. These are not, these are not, you know, people seeking violence or people seeking war or conflict. These are people who want to get back to their families, who prioritize Israel's survival, the growth, you know, of their own family, their own prosperity, perseverance. And it's the opposite. When you look at what Hamas is doing with the GA and civilians, you know, they're focused on the destruction of another civilization versus the perseverance and prosperity of their own.


And I think that that's a, a real tragic fact on the ground. So how are you doing? How's your rehabilitation going? Obviously it's been a while since your injury, but the, these are the, the cost of the injured are something that people don't take into account when, when they think about what's going on in these wars. I mean, I I've I've met other soldiers in Israel who have been, you know, lost both legs in, in, in the war, who have people who are gravely wounded. People pay attention to the numbers of dead, but they rarely pay attention to what happens to the injured afterward. No, absolutely. So I'll tell you, Israel's had a problem with this in the past, and they've addressed it. And the Ministry of Defense, and in general, the bureaucracy around wounded soldiers now has improved greatly. That doesn't mean there are still, you know, there, there are still gaping holes in the system and issues with that.


So there are about 12,000 injured soldiers today. Not physically, you know, exclusively physical, some of that's mental, PTSD, et cetera. Hospitals we're overwhelmed for a time. Now things are kind of stabilizing, but who knows what happens now with the northern front open. There are so many organizations that have pulled together, so many international Jews, Christians as well, people from all over the world who have really started to donate and pay attention to injured soldiers. I felt I was five months hospitalized and I felt greatly respected, taken care of, spoiled at times by people around the world who would come and visit and volunteer and donate. And it's been, it's been incredible. That being said, you know, you, you talked about someone missing two legs, right?


I, I have so much luck in my story. I'm really one of the ones who, who who should be grateful. And my story is one of, of miracles. And I've met these, you know, these kids who have lost both their legs, some, you know, have lost more than that. And three limbs are missing and, and they have more like a higher spirit, a better spirit than most people I meet on, on a daily basis. So Israelis are super resilient and these people are trucking, you know, they're getting through, they're trucking through. And I wanna shout out to just the amazing organizations that I, I, I won't name them, there's too many, but the amazing organizations that have come together, Sheba Medical Center, and all the hospitals throughout Israel that have really like stepped up their game and caring for all of us.


But yeah, it requires more attention and I think it, you do sometimes feel like injured soldiers get lost in the mix. And, and time will tell how much attention is, is paid to these soldiers as we get further and further away from those first few months of the gazen, the Gazen war. So Aaron, obviously the war not only continues, it's now broadened. Israel has been doing heavy work in taking out Hezbollah in, in the north this week. There are a number of casualties in southern Lebanon among members of the IDFs of that war is, is very much in, in the fighting. Meanwhile, Iran fired 181 cruise missiles at Israel thi this week, obviously. What's morale like on the ground in Israel right now? When I talk to my friends in Israel, it's, it's obviously it goes up and down based on the news of the day.


It seems as though, you know, based on the extraordinary performance of the IDF in both, in both the Gaza Strip and in in southern Lebanon, in particular in Beirut taking out Hassan Raah, that morale actually is significantly higher now in Israel than it was a year ago. Yeah, yeah. I, I think the intelligence operation that was conducted day over day, week over week, what we've seen in the past month, just from, you know, from how we've been able to dismantle Hezbollah without actually, you know, a high civilian casualty rate, which is impossible in the Gaza Strip because Hamas is essentially standing amongst civilians when they launch rockets. And then of course they're using their to protect themselves versus gods and civilians.


So, you know, it's just a, it's a miracle and obviously a testament to Israel's strength in, in that area. The morale is really high. The ballistic missile attack, you know, the entire country was in bomb shelters. And in one sense that's horrifying. And in another it is unifying. So the country has come together and you see isolated incidents, you know, of, of certain sext of the population, maybe celebrating those attacks, et cetera. But that, that's really not realistic on what's happening on the ground. You know, our country's United Arab Israelis, Israelis, Christians, you know, Jewish Israelis, Christians, I think the morale is, is very high people, you know, we're sending memes and jokes and, and I think we're one of the only population groups, in my opinion, in the world, is able to take these things and spin them into some kind of comedic relief.


And people are trying, people are trying to go about their day. You know, I, I work in high tech. People are trying to go about their day to do, you know, as, as well as they can in their respective roles in the company, in a country to keep, you know, the economy as intact as possible, to not let it affect their kids. And, and, and, and that's Israeli resilience. So I'm proud of my country, I'm proud of the people in it, and of course the soldiers who are now tasked with fighting in the North and continuing what we've started as it relates to eliminating, eliminating Hezbollah for the rest of the world. Well, Aaron Boris really appreciate your service and your heroism. Obviously Western civilization is in the middle of a war, Israel's at the front line of that war.


Thanks for what you're doing, really appreciate your time. Amen. Thanks so much, man, really appreciate it. Well, Speaking of the absolute weakness of the Biden Harris administration, Kamala Harris continues to be awful on the Middle East, just as her boss, Joe Biden is awful. Remember that guy? He's still the president of the United States, but he doesn't matter anymore. We just forgot that he's no longer alive and we just pretend that he's still the president. Somehow. In any case, Kamala Harris has decided she must do more interviews now, it doesn't mean she's gonna do any unfriendly interviews, so she sat down with 60 minutes, she's going to be sitting down also with hard questioners, like for example, the Ladies of the View and also Stephen Colbert and also Howard Stern. I'm sure you can expect many difficult questions from these particular journalistic exemplars.


This race is incredibly tight. Every little bit makes a difference. And Kamala Harris is terrible at this. So she was on 60 Minutes on Sunday night, and she's absolutely incoherent. First of all, the interviewer in this particular case asks her about the evils of Israel because of course this is 60 Minutes. So instead of her saying, we are friends with Israel, Israel's our ally, Israel needs the capacity to destroy its enemies since it is currently being attacked by Iranian proxies on seven different fronts. Instead, she's still attempting to have the baby. It's just pathetic. And, and so she just word salads this thing. Do we have a, a real close ally in Prime Minister Netanyahu?


I think with all due respect, the better question is do we have an important alliance between the American people and the Israeli people? And the answer to that question is yes. Okay, Well, that, that is not actually the question. Would she say the same thing about Vladimir Zelensky in Ukraine? In fact, would she say the same about any leader of any American ally, any, literally any, this administration is trying to suggest that Netanyahu is singly responsible for the situation in the Middle East, when literally any Israeli leader worth his salt would be doing what Netanyahu's doing. Right now, the left in Israel is unified with Netanyahu in trying to go after Hezbollah in Lebanon, or retaliating against Iran or finishing off Hamas. At this point, it's just pathetic.


But of course that followed hard on Kamala Harris sending out one of the worst tweets of the campaign. She sent out a tweet, remember there is a hurricane, hurricane Helene and Hurricane Helene did significant damage to North Carolina, and now there's another hurricane that's about to hit Florida. So what did she tweet out on Saturday? Quote, the people of Lebanon are facing an increasingly dire humanitarian situation. I'm concerned about the security and wellbeing of civilians that suffering in Lebanon and will continue working to help meet the needs of all civilians there. To that end, the United States will provide nearly $157 million in additional assistance to the people of Lebanon for essential needs such as food, shelter, water protection, and sanitation, to help those who have been displaced by the recent conflict. This additional support brings total US assistance to Lebanon over the last year to over $385 million.


Okay, so just to get this straight, we are not going to be sending more money to North Carolina. We are gonna be sending more money to the people of Lebanon by the people of Lebanon, by the way. She means a bunch of aid groups will then hand it over to Hezbollah. That's what all the aid does. When you send, you're sending a hundred million dollars, for example, to the Gaza Strip. It ain't going to the people of the Gaza Strip. It is going to Hamas, and when you send it to Lebanon, it is going to go to Hezbollah. But that's what she does. She is so, this administration is so legitimately awful on the Middle East. It's astonishing. But that of course is, is no surprise. That is why Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona says, you know, he doesn't understand why Arab Americans would think of voting for Donald Trump. They obviously have an ally in Kamala Harris. You know why he's saying this?


What is your message to Muslim and Arab American voters there who are seriously considering either sitting out this election or voting Republican? Well, they shouldn't be considering that they should be voting for Kamala Harris. I mean, she is committed to their values. She met with them many in the Muslim and the Arab community here earlier in the week to talk about the issues that they care about. And certainly peace in the Middle East is at the top of the list. Okay? So he's openly just saying the thing he's openly saying on the weekend of October 7th, he's openly saying that Arab Americans should know that Kamala Harris has their back because she's putting pressure on Israel in the middle of a war, launched against Israel's survival.


By the way, there's another terrorist attack over the weekend in Be Sheva, which an Israeli bedwin wounded like 11 people, and that followed hard on another terrorist attack that also happened over the weekend. So this is a very much ongoing war, obviously, just absolutely pathetic.


Well, folks, they are pandering and pandering away because election season is in full swing and the future is on everybody's mind. But do you know what else should be on your mind? The future of your family? No matter what happens over the next four years, one thing remains constant. The need to protect your loved ones, that's where policy genius comes in. Let's talk about reality for a moment. If something were to happen to you, would your family be able to cover their expenses, mortgage payments, college tuition, daily living costs. Those don't just disappear. Life insurance can ensure your family has the financial support they need, even if you're not there to provide it. Did you know that 41% of Americans don't have the life insurance coverage they need? Don't be part of that statistic. Policy genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. They help you find the right life insurance policy at the best price so you can have peace of mind knowing your family is protected. Now I know what you're thinking, Ben. Getting life insurance sounds like a hassle. Well, it isn't because with Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policy Genius makes it super easy. Their license support team helps you get what you need fast. They answer questions, they handle paperwork, they advocate for you throughout the process. Save time, save money. Providing a financial safety net for your family heads of policygenius.com/shapiro or click the link in the description, get your free life insurance closes, see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


Also, today is your final chance to join Daily Wire Plus at 47% off use code fight at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe before midnight. Don't miss out on unlimited access to the truth with uncensored daily shows from the most trusted names in conservative media, completely ad free. This is your LAST CHANCE to get live breaking news coverage and the hard hitting investigative journalism the left doesn't want you to see at this incredible discount. Time is running out. Join the fight right now before this 47% off deal expires at midnight tonight. Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for your exclusive discount. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe code. Fight for 47% off new Daily Wire plus memberships.


Okay, meanwhile, president Trump is also on the campaign trail and he has been doing a good job on the campaign trail. He, he was out in Wisconsin over the weekend. He was also in Pennsylvania. Over the weekend in Pennsylvania, he was rallying in Butler. Again. Butler, of course, was the site of the first attempt on his life. That was the attempted shooting that hit him in the ear and killed somebody in the background. Elon Musk showed up to that particular rally and revved up the crowd. Here was the brand new owner of X and an endorser of Donald Trump talking about how he is dark. Maga up. Take over. Elan. Yes, take over. Hi everyone.


As you can see, I'm I'm, I'm not just Maga, I'm dark. Maga Well, first of all, I, I wanna say what an honor it is to be here. And you know, the, the, the true test of someone's character is how they behave under fire. And we, we, we had one president who couldn't climb a flight of stairs and another who was fist pumping after getting shot, fight, fight, fight. I mean, again, Elon is a strong endorser of President Trump. He also apparently has launched a, a significant PAC in favor of President Trump attempting to move forward the get out the vote operation, which is going to be the single biggest thing in the election that matters apparently.


According to political. A couple of days ago, the Elon Musk backpacked and Turning Point have combined operations for Trump in Wisconsin, which is where Trump was this weekend he went to Pennsylvania with Musk and then he went to Wisconsin campaigning in that state. The internal polling I've seen basically shows all these states dead. Even the public polling internals look pretty much the same. Here. Is President Trump doing something that he has been loathed to do before endorsing early voting in Wisconsin? Early voting in Wisconsin is underway now. So if you have an absentee ballot, return it right away as soon as you can. You can also vote in person using an absentee ballot starting October 22nd. Now, I wish that he had had done this back in 2020 and 2021, but better late than never. Apparently, according to Politico, hundreds of ballot chasers that had been hired by Turning Point this week are combining with America PAC's operation in Wisconsin.


According to four people with knowledge of the arrangement, granted anonymity to speak freely. America PAC has deep pockets, but began its hiring and staff deployment much later in the cycle. Then turning point, they'll now be assuming a leadership role in the joint effort, including training, turning Point staff to use its data, making operational decisions, and paying for the cost of staff in Wisconsin. Those are a couple of the big outside groups that are helping carry out the Republicans, get out the vote effort in the Battleground states. It is unclear at this point, by the way, whether that effort is going to be sufficient. I guess we'll find out on election night, so we still have yet to see. I've heard conflicting reports from the ground as to where things stand in these various districts. Suffice it to say that in the Senate, there are a couple of Senate races right now that are very, very competitive.


They're somewhere, Republicans are pretty much gonna win. West Virginia appears Montana. Then there are a couple that are really within margin of error. Dave McCormick in Pennsylvania against Bob Casey. That, that looks like a margin of error. Race. Bernie Moreno taking on She Brown in Ohio. That one also looks like a margin of error. Race. Eric Huffy, who I campaigned with in Wisconsin against Tammy Baldwin, that one's a margin of error race as well. Those are all extremely, extremely tight races. There's some other ones where a little bit more money could go a long way. Mike Rogers in, in Michigan obviously would be a big one. Sam Brown, Nevada. However, these are gonna be very, very tight elections. Democrats meanwhile are trying to win additional house seats right now, according to certain odds makers, it looks like the Democrats are on the verge of taking the house.


It's very difficult to read all this conflicting data. I mean, I'll be honest with you, people ask me all the time, who do I think is gonna win? And what I always say is, I have no idea. I legitimately have no clue. And that anybody who tells you they do have a clue, they're fibbing to you. According to Roll Call, Democrats are expressing increasing optimism that regaining control of the house within the party's grasp. We have opportunities everywhere. Said representative Susan Del Bey, a Democrat from Washington state and chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. We're making sure we pick up seats in presidential battleground states like Arizona, Wisconsin, and Michigan. But we're going on offense in states like New York, California, even Iowa and Alabama. Delal Bey joined the D nnc chairman Jamie Harrison and Michigan Senator Gary Peters, the chair of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee at a remote news conference on Friday, one month out from election day.


Now, not all the changes in the house map do favor the Democrats right now. Again, it is, it is, you know, clear that that Democrats have some momentum in the house. However, Republicans do have momentum in the Senate. All that can be said at this point is every little thing matters, which means that you need to vote. Your friends need to vote. They all need to vote early because right now, when you take a look at at sort of how this election is going to play out, Democrats are gonna turn out in extraordinary numbers to vote. Early Republicans are gonna turn out really heavy on election day. Little margins are gonna make all the difference in the world.


I can promise you this. If Kamala Harris becomes president, she will come after you even harder than the IRS is right now. And if you're still struggling with back taxes or unfiled returns, handling that alone can be a huge mistake and cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA. with over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved their clients millions in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your advantage. Tax Network USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up tax, Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies, or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're just missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world, and now the tax season is over. They're coming after you. Tax Network USA can even help with state tax issues. For a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000, or visit their website at TN usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you. There'll be a need with tax Network USA.


Also, as you know, it's election season. It's time to choose who we think of. All the many myriad wonderful options is the best candidate. But let's be real. Choosing the right candidate for the office, like your office, like the people who work for you, is really, really important and you have a little more control over it.


Well, when it comes to staffing a classroom construction site, even a toll booth, finding the right person matters. And this is why you need the fastest way to find qualified candidates. ZipRecruiter, today, you can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash Daily. Wire ZipRecruiter doesn't mess around. Their smart technology starts showing your job to qualify candidates immediately. It's like the free market of job hunting efficient and effective with ZipRecruiter. You can even invite top candidates to apply for your job, encouraging them to apply sooner. If you want faster hiring for your office, choose ZipRecruiter. CI four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within day one. Go to this exclusive web address and try it for free. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Again, that ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way to hire us. Why we've been using it at Daily Wire ourselves for years. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire to try it out right now. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire.


Meanwhile, Kamala Harris continues to gaff. So I mentioned that she was on 60 minutes, but that's not all she was doing. She also decided that she, she was speaking in Michigan and she had a bit of a teleprompter screw up. Here's what that looked like. Remember his number 32 today, we got 32 days until the election, so 32 days, 32 days. She has no idea to do. Okay, We got some business to do, we got some business to do. All right. 32 days, Teleprompter goes at you And we know we will do it.


And, and this is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. This is gonna be a very tight race until the very end. We are the underdog and we know we have some hard work ahead, Man, when that teleprompter goes out, she is Ed. She also is on the call her daddy podcast. You know, I told you she's gonna do a lot of adversarial media, so she's going on with the, the lady who talks about sex all the time. So, so here she is with, with this lady whose name escapes me because she's not important to my life or Alex Cooper. I've been informed by producer Jessica. So here she is explaining about abortion with the call her daddy.


Lady, I wanna pose this question more to you and the daddy gang, but one of the biggest conversations in this year's election revolves around a woman's body. Yep. I wanna take a moment and can we try to think of any law that gives the government the power to make a decision? I know what you're gonna ask About a man's body. Let's No, no. Is there any law? No. No, it's no. Well, I mean, yes, ever.


Virtually every law, it turns out, makes decisions about people's bodies all the time because they threaten you with jail if you don't follow the law. And the vast majority of people go to jail are men. So it does make decisions. Also, I could name some laws that specifically apply to men, like for example, the draft. So men historically have been drafted, but women have not. There are many laws that disproportionately affect men, say for example, the laws in divorce court, which overwhelmingly favor women. So that's not true at all. Also, you're missing the central point of abortion law, which is not about the woman's body, it's about the baby that is inside that body. You notice that men don't typically care any men or women or anyone who's pro-life.


We don't typically care about a woman's esophagus. It's not in, in our purview of interest. It turns out we care about the independent life growing inside because that has human rights. But again, it's all just, it's all just nonsense. Have you met all modern? All modern, brings you the best of modern furniture and decor, and from October 5th through the seventh, you'll save up to 70% during their big sale of the year. That's three days only to save big, update your space and time for the holidays with plush sofas, fresh bedroom styles, and hosting must haves all on sale at all modern. Then get them delivered for free in days. You heard that? Right Days? That's modern made simple. Hurry and save up to 70% during all modern's. Big sale of the year, October 5th, through the seventh@allmodern.com.


I I, I do get the feeling there are some Democrats who are starting to feel wee bit skittish about Kamala Harris' chances here. One of those people is Andrea Mitchell. So Andrea Mitchell of M-S-N-B-C. She's saying that Kamala Harris needs to do more interviews because, because men are sexists. So here we go. They've gotta double down on doing more interviews and serious interviews. Because what I'm hearing from Democratic and Republican business people and a lot of men, and she's got such a big problem with men, I think there's an under count of the Trump vote. I think that there's mised misogyny in, in all of this mis black and white men big problem, but also the business world. They don't think she is serious.


They don't think she's a heavyweight. And a lot of this is gender, but she's gotta be more specific about her economic plan. Okay? And she, she does have to be more serious to avoid the misogyny. It's like she's going from miscegenation and misogyny and she ended up with a, a baby in the middle. So that, that's weird. Well done. Andrea Mitchell. Now suffice to say she's not gonna be doing any unfriendly interviews. Kamala Harris, because she stinks at them. She's truly awful at them. And if only in the American people see through it, that will make all the difference. Alrighty, coming up, we'll jump into The Ben Shapiro Show Mailbag. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.