
Well, president Trump has chalked up another win with the victory of a continuing resolution in the Senate. We'll get to all that in a moment.


First, if you want more from The Ben Shapiro Show and The Daily Wire, it's time to become a Daily Wire Plus member. Get member exclusive shows ad free streaming early access to our new releases. Watch premium films and documentaries you won't find anywhere else. Connect with the community, the Chairs Your values now one that cancels you for them. Watch anywhere, anytime on desktop mobile TV apps, and with new content added every single week. There's always something worth watching. Join the fight right now at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe.


Alright, so Chuck Schumer had made noises a little bit earlier this week about the possibility of holding up a continuing resolution that would fund the government all the way until September. And it was sort of unclear why he was doing that. Strategically, he had no ground to stand on because after all, if the United States Senate, the Democratic minority, decided that they were going to filibuster the continuing resolution, there would be a government shutdown, and the Republicans would correctly say they had the votes to prevent the government shutdown. And it was Democrats who had actually created the government shutdown, at which point Chuck Schumer and the Democrats would be blamed for everything. It was a gigantic unforced error by Chuck Schumer. Well, yesterday, he reversed himself. Democrats are of course very upset at Chuck Schumer because they believe that it is their duty to obstruct literally everything the Republicans do.


Now, to be fair to Schumer, it was a no-win situation. On the one hand, if the continuing resolution goes forward, then President Trump continues to unleash the Executive branch on itself to use Doge to cut to slash to burn to fire. He had the ability to do that because the continuing resolution basically just says the government is going to continue to run at the same funding levels. It is previously run. And this continuing resolution did not in fact include specific designations of where funding ought to go within each department, which would sort of force Trump to spend the money in each department. Instead, it had sort of a broad overview, spend X dollars at HHS spend X dollars at Department of Defense, for example. And that allowed enormous discretion inside the executive branch for President Trump to continue to allow Doge to do its work.


This is what Democrats were objecting to. However, if they had gone into government shutdown, then President Trump would've had the ability to determine who was an essential worker and who was not an essential worker because he's the president, and that would've meant more firings. So Chuck Schumer got himself stuck in this box. Canyon, his radical left wing base was very upset with him for not standing up to President Trump by filibustering. The continuing resolution here was Jasmine Crockett, who's kind of the new A OC AOCs loss, some steam, and now she's been replaced in the public mind of the crazed left as sort of the hot new thing. There's the hotter, newer thing in Jasmine Crockett, the congresswoman from Texas, here she was yesterday.


In my opinion, if we're shut down, you can't be fired. And what does that mean? It does mean that people will not be paid, but it does mean that they will get their back pain. So hopefully we can stop some of the bleeding. We just saw that the Department of Education laid off 50% of their workforce. So I don't really understand why anybody would say, oh, we gotta take the high road. We gotta listen. He is decimating the federal government, and you're talking about whether or not we're gonna keep the doors open. He literally is shutting down departments anyway. Okay? But here is the problem. If you actually shut down the government, then he gets to designate people as essential workers and then furlough everybody else. So again, Democrats got themselves stuck here, and this was basically a really, really amazing play by Speaker Johnson.


Speaker Johnson was somehow able to cobble together the entire Republican majority, and there's been a lot of talk about Speaker Johnson, the unworkable Republican majority, because it's so small. In some ways, he's actually benefited by that because any single vote could be the vote that sinks a Trump agenda item, and no one wants to be the house vote except for Thomas Massey to sink a Trump agenda item. Speaking of which we'll be having Speaker Johnson on in just a few minutes here on the show to discuss what's going on for Democrats. According to the Wall Street Journal, a key issue in the continuing resolution was the GOP's full year continuing resolution. Amidst the report that details where the executive branch should spend money programmed by program, as I mentioned, such a report would give Democrats their best chance of defending the existence of shuttered operations in the courts.


This week alone, the Education Department announced it was cutting about half its staff. The Veteran Affairs Department outlied plans to cut about 70,000 from its workforce. Now, the continuing resolution would extend funding for fiscal 2025. At prior years levels, there would be some cuts cutting to non-defense spending by 13 billion, increasing military spending by $6 billion. It would also unravel some portions of Joe Biden's Ridiculous Inflation Reduction Act. But overall, it really doesn't change the workings of the government all that much. It just allows Trump to keep doing what he's been doing. This, of course, is why so many Wild left wing Democrats are upset. Pramila Jayapal, who's the leader of the congressional progressive at caucus, was very upset about this bill.


I'm very proud that House Democrats stayed united in voting against this Republican funding bill. Please don't call it a continuing resolution. It's not because a continuing resolution keeps the levels of funding the same. This is a Republican funding bill, and I hope, and we have been working all day to help our Senate colleagues understand that they too need to stand united against a Republican funding bill. Okay, so the Senate did not. So Chuck Schumer gave up the ghost yesterday. He said he would back the continuing resolution, not that he'd vote in favor of it, but that he at least would not filibuster it here. He explained yesterday, Either proceed with the bill before us or risk Donald Trump throwing America into the chaos of a shutdown.


This, in my view, is no choice at all. I believe it is my job to make the best choice for the country to minimize the harms to the American people. Therefore, I will vote to keep the government open and not shut it down. He went on to explain why with MSNBC's Chris Hayes, To to have the conflict on the on the best ground. We have summed up in a sentence that they're making the middle class pay for tax cuts for billionaires. It's much, much better not to be in the middle of a shutdown, which to divert people from the number one issue we have against these bastards, sorry, these people, which is not only all these cuts, but they're ruining democracy.


And one other thing, on a shutdown, on a shutdown, the courts could close or or at least be totally, totally disabled, and the courts are one of the best ways we've had to go after these guys. So one of the things that Democrats are doing increasingly is they're reverting to cursing. If they are upset about something they curse, they, they have to show performatively that they oppose Trump, even if they can't actually obstruct his agenda in any sort of effective way. So you'll notice every single Democrat beginning to curse at a higher level. Again, that's performative. Chuck Schumer doesn't just drop bastards into a normal cable conversation. He drops it there because he wants to show his base. He's really, really, really mad, but it's not gonna be enough. Jake Sherman over a Punch Bowl news, which is maybe the best insider newsletter in Washington dc.


He says, what a mess this has become for Democrats. A government funding fight that began with Democrats demanding restrictions on Trump, Elon Musk, and Doge has ended with Democrats folding and now sniping bitterly at each other house. Minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries and his leadership team distanced themselves from Schumer's decision, but didn't name him in a statement on Thursday night, other house Democrats took direct aim at Schumer, including Alexander Ocasio-Cortez, even Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee. And Schumer Ally thinks it is a big mistake. Sherman says, let's be blunt here. Democrats picked a fight they couldn't win and caved without getting anything in return. We'll also note it's more than five months into fiscal year 2025, already, even with another month of negotiation what Democrats were asking for, it's still not clear they would've notched any policy wins.


And there's a reason Republicans put Democrats in this position because they knew Democrats would cave and they did. As Sherman points out, Democrats never managed to put Speaker Johnson or Senate Majority leader John Thon or Trump in a tough spot. There are plenty of policies how Democrats could have asked for in the cr, more money for certain programs, for instance, that could have placed Republicans in a bin, but they never actually did any of that. Meanwhile, Senate Democrats tried to have it both ways. They warned each other in private and in public about forcing a government shutdown, but then they tried to force the government shutdown. So they set the Democratic base up for disappointment, for seemingly no reason, and they violated the first rule of politics. Never interrupt your opponent while he is making a mistake. And right now, the mistake the Democrats should be focusing in on is the tariff war.


Because that tariff war is driving the Dow Jones Industrial average down. That is an easy case to make. If it recovers, of course that case will disappear. But they can say, well, Dow Jones Industrial average is down corrections. Instead, they decided, Hey, maybe we should start a giant fight over a continuing resolution. We have no chance of actually stopping. And if the government shuts down, we get to own the economic chaos. I mean, it's just the dumbest thing I've ever heard. In a second one, be joined by the Speaker of the House first.


Only two things in life are certain death and taxes. Well, there is now a third certainty. If you're with one of the three big phone providers, you could be saving a fortune every single month by switching on over to Pure Talk. That's right, pure Talk. My cell phone company is cutting the fat from the wireless industry for just 35 bucks a month, you can get unlimited talk text in 15 gigs of data with hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G Network, the average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure Talk. That's real money back in your pocket. Plus our favorite deal is back when you switch to Pure Talk's Super low 35 bucks plan this month you'll get one year of Daily Wire Plus for free. You'll get access to a library of DW plus movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is Woman Mr. Bertram run, hide, fight and More Uncensored ad-free daily shows, one year free of our DW Kids platform. Bent Key free Leftist Tier Tumblr. You know the one and only, but the only way you get that stuff is by going to Pure talk.com/shapiro. Switch to Pure Talk at Pure talk.com/shapiro. Get a year of Daily Wire Plus for free with qualifying plan. Pure talk is wireless by Americans for On Americans.


Also, here's something shocking. Over 140,000 family farms across America have shut down since 2017. Why? Because grocery chains keep pushing cheap, imported meat instead of supporting the people who live and work right here in the United States. So this spring, let's spring into action and make a real difference. When you visit Good ranchers.com, you're not just getting better meat. You're getting behind a mission that matters. Well, what makes them different? For starters, everything they offer is 100% American sourced. That means every juicy steak, chicken breast, pork chop comes from farms right here in the United States. And you can taste the difference because the meat is completely free from hidden additives. No antibiotics, no added hormones, no seed oils. Plus, when you choose good ranchers, you're helping preserve a way of life. They partner exclusively with local farmers who spent generations perfecting their craft and feeding American families just like yours. Producer Savvy will not stop talking about the good rancher steak that her husband cooks for the family every single week. And obviously it's working because her baby is a chunky baby. That is a baby who eats probably seven steaks a week. Subscribe to good ranchers and you'll get to choose free bacon, ground beef, seed oil, free chicken nuggets, or salmon, and every single order for a full year plus an extra 40 bucks off. With Code BEN, you'll get incredible meat delivered right to your doorstep. American farmers keep their livelihoods, they even donate to veterans with every purchase. Head on over to Good ranchers.com today and use Code Ben for that incredible spring into action deal before it disappears. Good ranchers. Is American Meat delivered.


As I mentioned before, speaker Johnson is an a masterful job of keeping together an incredibly narrow house majority. He joins us on the line right now. Speaker Johnson, thank you so much for the time. Let's start with the continuing resolution. So Democrats in the Senate were thinking about filibustering, the continuing resolution. This is one of the great own goals that I've seen in recent history because obviously if they'd filibuster the continuing resolution, the government shut down would've been totally on them. Credit really goes to you and the Republican majority in the house, the very slim majority. Somehow you keep cobbling together wins. How is that happening? Well, it's a team effort. It really is. We do a lot of work to keep everybody on the same page, and it pays off when we do that. This is another example of that. When the Republican party sticks together, we can get big things done.


And this is a big thing. Look, we funded the government. It's a relatively clean cr except that it has a couple of innovations. We plused up defense spending and we reduced non-defense spending in in small amounts. But it was important. That's exactly what the Trump administration needed to give them flexibility to do what they need to do. We are freezing funding. This is a year over year decrease in funding, Ben, and that's the first time that anybody can remember that that's happened. So, you know, I, I keep making the analogy, it, we have an aircraft carrier. That's what the federal budget is, right? And it's taken decades to get into the situation we're in. We're going to turn it, but you don't turn turn an aircraft carrier on a dime. It takes miles of open ocean. So this is an important turn.


And then when we get to the next FY 26, the next fiscal year budget, which we're about to begin immediately after FY 25 is done, then it gets real because then the doge cuts are included. The new revenue streams that the president and the administration are bringing about become a part of that. And we're gonna be in a totally different situation. So we're excited. It's a good day for America, and I certainly hope the Senate does the right thing here. Yeah. Speaker Johnson, one of the things that they mentioned there is, is sort of the open ocean that you need in order to get things done. And the reality is the thing that everybody is waiting for is the one big beautiful bill. So how are the negotiations on that going? Obviously, this wraps up a bunch of different topics into one gigantic bill and and there's been some controversy between the House and the Senate over what that looks like. The Senate had originally suggested they wanted two different bills, one that would be tax focused, one that that'd be sort of immigration and defense focused.


How are those negotiations going? Well, they're going well, look, we, we did our work in the house. We have to lead on this. I've told my Senate colleagues, while there are different ideas on how to achieve the ultimate objective, it has to be all in one bill. Why? Because if Lindsey Graham's strategy played out in Lindsey's, my friend, we've had a fun discussion about this, okay? But if you take energy border and defense spending and you do that separately, of course every Republican will vote for that. That's the easy stuff. But we need that as sweetener on the larger package. Why? Because we have tax to do, and that's very complicated. We've gotta check a lot of boxes. All of our campaign promises all in one big beautiful bill. But it's going along well. Ben and I wanna point out, the house began this process a year ago.


It was last March when I brought in all the committee chairs, deputized them to start thinking about reconciliation, put their priorities together, and we've done that. So we're methodically working through the process. What'll happen over is over the next four or five weeks, we'll put all this together. We'll meet the equilibrium point amongst all the Republicans and their various priorities and concerns. We'll send it to the Senate. And I'm hopeful, Ben, we can get this to the President's desk for signature before Memorial Day, hopefully early May. Why is that so important? Because we have to allow the American people to see the results of all this good policy before the midterm elections and in time to give them relief that they desperately need. So one of the big questions that's emerging with regard to the tax bill Speaker Johnson, is the question of baseline budgeting.


So typically the Congressional Budget Office has a 10 year budget estimated on current law because the Trump tax cuts would expire over the course of the next couple of years. The idea from some is that somehow we should treat a tax cut continuation as though that's a change in the law, and then it wouldn't be deficit neutral. Maybe you can explain what's going on. Yeah, I mean, so this is the senate parliamentarian ultimately, that makes a decision on this. The way it works. All this is kind of a legal fiction, Ben, really. But if the chairs of the, of the two chambers in the budget committees agree that this is permanent policy, that we use current policy baseline, then it makes the, the tax cuts that we're going to extend permanent and, and, and extend it beyond 10 years.


So that's an important thing. It's what President Trump wants as a priority, and it's what I think people really need and deserve. Because if you're a small business owner, for example, it's very helpful to have certainty to know that you have going forward into the future certainty about what your federal tax rate is going to be. You know, that it wouldn't fluctuate in between elections and all of that. So, but now here's the caveat. We want to make sure that we're finding actual cuts. We have to turn this aircraft carrier around. We have too much federal spending. The government's too large. It has too many things, does almost nothing well, right? So that's what the Doge effort is about. That's what the Trump administration is completely dialed in on. We wanna reduce the size and scope of the federal government. And to do that, you gotta find real savings.


So we want to encourage all the Republicans. We're the only ones that cut spending, not the Democrats as is on display. We we're gonna encourage everybody to go and find real savings, preserve the safety net programs, social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Don't believe the hype, don't believe what the Democrats are saying, but find deficiencies, root out the fraud, waste and abuse, all these things that we think can find maybe a trillion dollars in savings for the taxpayer. That's gonna be a great thing. And it's all gonna be wrapped into this big process. So obviously all this is really important because as Treasury Secretary Scott Bessett was saying yesterday has been saying, the goal here is to provide a predictable, economically friendly future for business and investors. This, of course, brings up the turmoil in the markets. There's been a lot of turmoil in the markets over the course of the last three and a half weeks or so.


A lot of talk about tariffs, reciprocal tariffs and, and all the rest of this. My great hope has been for the Trump administration that when President Trump says reciprocal, he means reciprocal, meaning that the goal is to get other countries to lower their tariffs so we can also lower our tariffs, and then we sail off into the future together. Is that the impression that you're getting from the administration at this point? Yeah, you know, and I, I talked to the president about this daily. I do think that's the ultimate end game here is that, you know, we have huge disparities really since World War ii, since we became the, the last great superpower. We, we had the responsibility of the free world placed upon our shoulders. And that's fine. America has an exceptional place and a lot of responsibility, but other countries deemed our power to be an excuse for them to have trade disparity with us.


So we've got huge imbalances with lots of countries, even close allies. President Trump is coming in and, and, and using common sense, he's saying to these countries, this isn't post-World War ii, it's far beyond that. Now we need to make, we need to have free and fair trade. And I think that's gonna be the ultimate, ultimate result. Ben, as you said, I think the reciprocal trade will, will fix the imbalances. I think they'll bring down these huge disparities from the other countries, and we'll get back to an actual free trade scenario that's gonna be good for America. And he is making our allies respect America again for the first time in a long time. And I, that's long Overdue. No Speaker Johnson, you're doing an incredible job under very trying circumstances. Really appreciate your hard work, and again, congrats on the victory in the continuing resolution fight.


So good to be with you, my friend. Thanks for all you do. Thanks a lot. Speaking of the economy. Now, again, if you're a Democrat right now, if you're smart, and again, I don't mean to give advice to people who I hope continue to lose from here till the end of time, but if you are smart and you're a Democrat, the thing that you are focusing in on is not the continuing resolution. It is not even Doge, which by and large is actually doing pretty popular things. Most Americans don't like waste, fraud and abuse, whatever they think of Elon Musk and whatever the media's take on Musk is irrelevant. The real question is whether Americans like somebody going through the books and firing people who are useless on the federal government payroll, they're focusing in on the wrong thing. The obvious thing they should be focusing in on is the tariff controversies that are being driven by President Trump, because they have a pretty clear narrative win when it comes to the idea that this is creating havoc in the markets.


Yesterday, US stocks slid the s and p 500 closed in correction territory down more than 10% from its record high in February, according to CNN, the Dow ended the day down 537 points, 1.3%. The s and p 500 fell 1.3900000000000001%. The NASDAQ was almost 2% lower. The selloff extended a route in US markets that has been driven by the uncertainty around Trump's tariffs. And by the way, you can see this happening in real time when President Trump does a presser. You can see the actual stock market reaction to his presser based on his answers. You'll be watching on the main screen talking about Taring the eu, and you'll see the Dow Jones Industrial average dipped from green into red as he talks, because the markets react very quickly to what President Trump is saying.


And as I've said before, even the sort of flip-flop appearance of chaos with regards to these tariffs is bad for markets. Uncertainty is just bad for markets. This is a point that the Treasury Secretary Scott Besant was making, and I, I really hope that President Trump is taking advice from his quite brilliant treasury secretary and Betson is an excellent pick. He knows exactly what he's doing here. He was making the case for what the administration really is focusing on, or at least should be focusing on. As I told the business roundtable yesterday, as I tell your viewers, what we're trying to do is create economic certainty. We're gonna do it with the tax plan, we're gonna do it with deregulation. And I also said to the business round, I think it was 135 CEOs yesterday, if you came out with a plan similar to what Doge wants to do with the federal government, all your stocks would go up 15 or 20%.


It would be considered a miraculous restructuring, cost savings and put you on a sustainable course. Okay? And, and that of course is exactly, that's the stuff that Trump really needs to focus in on. Unfortunately, the stock market has now dropped. The Dow Jones Industrial average has dropped from a high on February 19th, which again is less than a month ago, a 44,627, all the way down to yesterday's close at 40,813, okay? Which means that the stock market has now dropped something like 3,700 points, almost more than 8% over the course of the last month. Okay? So that should be a winning case for Democrats, right?


This is what they should be focusing in on. James Carville has been making this case, again, I think James Carville is a schmuck, but James Carville is not stupid. And when he says, wait around for your opponent to make the mistake, that of course, is good political advice. Well, obviously I want President Trump's agenda to succeed. I've said this a thousand times. The way that it's going to succeed is focusing in on doge, on deregulation, on tax cuts, on doing the things that created predictable investment environment. It has not helped by President Trump continuing to bang on the Canadians, right? Smacking around the Canadians. Again, it might be fun in games, it might be enjoyable to, to rip on the people up north who keep putting u's in words that don't need them. I just don't understand what the actual economic goal here is.


What, what is the attempt to achieve this notion that Canada is somehow screwing us on trade is just not true. It is not true. This, the average Canadian tariffs on American goods, the average is one of the lowest in the world on American goods. Under an agreement, president Trump himself negotiated in Trump term one, the Canadian trade deficit is only in oil every other area. We have a trade surplus with Canada. So I suppose if we wanna stop buying oil from Canada, we could do that. I'm not sure why we would do that. Presumably they're not exactly an enemy of the United States. Our cruel northern neighbors President Trump keeps suggesting the Canada should simply be absorbed as the 51st state. Well, they're a sovereign country.


They're not going to be absorbed as the fif. Again, I like the joke, but at the point when the joke meets reality, things start to get a little dicier and, and one of the unfortunate effects, I'll say this over and over, Pierre Pev was leading in the polls by a huge margin until the trade war started. Then the trade war started, and now it appears that Justin Trudeau's party is likely to retain power in Canada. That is terrible. That is bad. If you want other countries to sympathize with the Trump agenda and everything from free market economics to foreign policy, you would like for those countries to be friendlier with the United States, then you don't want to drive them into the arms of political opponents.


But here's President Trump yesterday, ripping on Canada again, suggesting they need to become the 50 again. I get the joke, guys, I get the joke. But when people start taking the joke seriously, it's kind of a problem. As a state, it would be one of the great states anyway. This would be the most incredible country, visually. If you look at a map, they drew an artificial line right through it between Canada and the us. Just a straight artificial line. Somebody did it a long time ago, many, many decades ago, and makes no sense. It's so perfect as a great and cherished state keeping, oh, Canada, the national anthem. I, I love it.


I think it's great. Keep it. But it'll be, for this day, one of our greatest states, maybe our greatest state, Like, again, hilarious, but not as hilarious. When the Canadians in response to all of this are like, listen, we're a little bit freaked out, and so we're gonna increase our tariffs, and then we get into a tariff with the EU and all the rest. We get to more on this in a moment.


First, if you're not able to watch old family videos anymore because nobody has a VCR, you are going to love my friends at Legacybox. Sure, spring cleaning might have you tossing everything out, but how about that box of family videos and photos? That's one treasure you always wanna keep. Now with Legacybox spring cleaning sale, you can check digitizing memories off your to-do list. Protect them forever for only nine bucks A tape, Legacybox makes it incredibly simple. Just pack up your outdated tapes, films, photos, mail them in, they handle all the rest. Everything comes back digitized to the cloud. So you can view and share your memories from any device anywhere. It's so effortless. You'll wonder why you didn't do it sooner. You know, recently we found some old family videos I hadn't seen in decades. We found them because we'd had them digitized by our friends over at Legacybox. I went through them with the kids. They're amazing. I mean, that sort of stuff is the stuff you can't afford to lose. Legacybox helps you out. Check protecting your memories off that spring cleaning to-do list with Legacybox. Visit Legacybox dot com slash Shapiro to shop their $9 tape sale. Get 90 days free access to Legacybox cloud. That's Legacybox dot com slash Shapiro to unlock that incredible offer. By the way, it makes an amazing gift. We did this for my parents. We did this for my in-laws. It's fantastic because everybody's got these old pictures and tapes lying around in the garage, moldering. Well, there's no reason for that. Get them preserved forever with Legacybox dot com slash Shapiro.


Also, after more than a year of war, terror and pain in Israel, all of Israel is brokenhearted after learning of the horrific murders of the Bebo family who are held hostage in Gaza. And then Hamas actually murdered babies with their bare hands. Countless families continue to suffer throughout the holy land, where the needs for aid and support grow are more urgent. With each passing day, the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews has supported and will continue to support the families of hostages and other victims of the October 7th terror attacks. With your help, IFCJ has provided financial and emotional help to hostages in their families and to those healing. But the real work is just beginning as communities struggle to rebuild what was destroyed. Families are attempting to piece together shattered lives while living under the constant threat of further violence. Children who've witnessed unspeakable horrors need specialized care communities require ongoing protection and resources. Stand with Israel during this critical time. Your compassion makes a tangible difference in the lives of those who continue to suffer. Your gift today will help provide critically needed support to families in Israel. As Israel remains surrounded by enemies. Give a gift to bless Israel and her people. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's www.benforthefellowship.org. Thank you and God bless.


And again, all of this is the precursor to what is supposed to happen on April 2nd. This is one of the reasons the markets are freaking out right now, because President Trump said in his State of the Union address, and I want to actually quote it here, quote, this system is not fair to the United States and never was. He's talking about the trade system. He said, on average the eu, China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Canada, have you heard of them? Countless other nations charge us tremendously higher tariffs than we charge them. It's very unfair. India charges US auto tariffs higher than 100%. China's average tariff on our products is twice what we charge them. South Korea's average tariff is four times higher. Think of that, four times higher. And so he says, the system's not fair to the United States. It never was. And so on April 2nd, I wanted to make it April 1st, but I don't wanna be accused of April Fool's Day, just one day, which costs us a lot of money.


We're gonna do it in April. I'm a very superstitious person. April 2nd, reciprocal tariffs kick in. Whatever they tariff us other countries, we will tariff them. That's reciprocal back and forth. Whatever they tax us, we'll tax them. If they do non-monetary tariffs to keep us outta their market, we'll do non-monetary barriers to keep 'em out of our market market. There's a lot of that too. They don't even allow us in their market. We'll take in trillions and trillions of dollars and create jobs like we have never seen before. Okay? This is where the disconnect happens. Reciprocal tariffs as an idea to drive down tariffs is actually precisely what Canada's trying to do with us right now. We increased our tariffs on certain products, they increased their tariffs in an attempt to get us to ratchet back down our tariffs. So President Trump's saying, we're gonna do that to all these other countries on April 2nd. We're gonna do it to South Korea, we're gonna do it presumably to China.


We're gonna do it to Brazil, to India, to Mexico, to the eu, basically all of our main trading partners. We're gonna do that to them. Now, it would be one thing if he said, we're doing that in order to get them to lower their tariffs. Instead, he says that he's doing that because the tariffs themselves will make us richer. We'll take in trillions and trillions of dollars and create jobs like we have never seen before. Not by getting them to lower their trade barriers, which actually would do that, but by increasing our own trade barriers. And this is why markets are saying it's March 14th today in a couple of weeks, if we get President Trump radically increasing tariffs, and if he's already making noises about it now, well, what are the markets gonna do in just a couple of weeks? And this is how people who trade in the markets think they take in the information and then they just determine on as objective level as they can, whether this means that markets are going to go up or whether they're going to go down.


Well, yesterday, Martha McCallum over at Fox News was pressing Commerce Secretary, Howard Lutnick, who's a, an advocate for a lot of these tariff measures about the Canadian tariffs. Like what's the point of these? So why not just eliminate the tariffs between Canada and the United States? Is that a place that we can get to? Because I mean, it's, it's, it's mind boggling. Like 25%. No, no, no, it's gonna be 50%. No, we're back to 25%. That would eliminate the tariffs. That would be true if you were Fox Canada, that Fox Canada would like that. But Fox us a, I mean, asking the question, what, what, you know, so they, I heard President Trump moments ago, say, $200 million we send in aid, essentially to Canada. So are we gonna eliminate that?


I mean, tell me what the starting points are. I'm just that, that's what I wanna know. The starting point is, we care about America first. We care about American workers first, and we wanna bring back those jobs to America. Now, again, if the idea is the tariffs are gonna, quote, unquote, bring all the jobs back to America, first of all, jobs are not an amazing gauge of the economic health of a country. They, they are a, a, a decent gauge. If the unemployment numbers are super high, it's a good shot. The economy is doing really poorly. If the unemployment numbers are really fantastic, actually, you can have countries where the e where the unemployment numbers are really fantastic that are absolute bleep holes. North Korea has a 0% unemployment rate. Why? Because everybody works for the government.


So actually, it's not a good proxy. What you actually want for economic growth is the living standard of the American people. Is it getting better or is it getting worse? And there's so much gamesmanship that is played, all these sort of bizarre games that are played with regard to numbers. Everything from the GDP to inflation rates, to living standards and, and all the rest of it. My preferred standard is the standard that is used by the economist, Marian Tubi and his book Super Abundance. And that is, how many hours do I have to work to achieve a certain good? And that is beginning cheaper and cheaper and cheaper over time for virtually every vital good in human existence to take, for example, electricity. The reality is that if you were to find the equivalent of electricity 200 years ago, it'd be whale oil, right?


How many hours did you have to work for some whale oil? So you could read a book at night? And the answer was you had to work a significant number of hours in order to achieve the money necessary to buy the whale oil. Today, you can flip on the light and it cost you almost nothing. Okay? That is true for an enormous number of goods, products, and services in the United States. For all the people who are nostalgic from the 1950s, I don't see a bunch of these people sending their kids to riveting school because they want them to work on an assembly line at Ford. They're all sending their kids to college so their kids can be techies. And for, for all of the talk about how Americans are, are living so much worse than they were in 1980. That is not actively true. It isn't. You would not trade your economic life. I'm not talking about your spiritual life. There are lots of problems with America's spiritually, you would not trade your economic life right now for your economic life in 1980.


You wouldn't, because you wouldn't have a cell phone. You wouldn't have a computer. I, I remember these times, I'm old enough to remember before the internet was a big thing. I'm old enough to remember when cell phones were not available, and the only cell phone you saw was Gordon Gecko walking around on the beach carrying basically a giant box on his head. This sort of stuff is how economies develop. So using the proper metrics is important. The metric of, we're gonna bring jobs home, we're gonna bring jobs. Again, it's not hard to bring jobs home if everybody works for the government or if everybody's subsidized by the government. The question is, economic health is everybody's economic livelihood getting better. And again, you can make the case that in some areas, America's economic livelihood is not as good as it was a few years ago.


Presumably with home ownership would be a good example. But overall, is America worse off now economically than we were in 1980 in terms of American's everyday life? Not in terms of the national debt, in terms of American's everyday life? The answer, of course, is no, we are not. Okay. So what is the goal? So what are we trying to achieve here? Well, Howard Lutnick said again yesterday, the Commerce Secretary, that all these people that the Canadians, they need to say thank you to us. That's what we're looking for. We're looking for a thank you. The biggest trading partner in the whole world that is vital to Canada's existence says, I'm unhappy. And they respond negatively. You know why? Because for 20 years, 30 years, they've gotten away with it, right?


It's like Ukraine. They came in. You imagine coming into this country, sitting in the Oval Office, having received $300 billion in aid from US and military and nato and all the rest. And the first words out of your mouth aren't, thank you. Just say thank you. God knows. Just say thank you. Okay? So first of all, sure. I mean, everybody should say thank you to the United States all the time. Everybody should thank God for the United States all the time. We're the most benevolent world power in human history. No question. Sure, everybody should say thank you. However, is that a way to make trade policy? Let's say the Canadians come tomorrow and they say, thank you. Thank you for being the, the power on our southern border that protects us from enemies, foreign and domestic.


And that helps drive our economy. Thank you for that. If they say thank you tomorrow, do the tariffs go away? And what exactly is the goal? Again, if the goal here is to lower the tariffs, I, I'm, I'm for it. If the goal here is just the idea that tariffs are going to make us somehow richer, again, no one is for that, including by the way, Tesla. So Tesla sent out a letter to the administration. Yesterday is Elon Musk's company. They sent out an unsigned letter to the administration warning that President Trump's trade war could make it a target for retaliatory tariffs against the United States and increase the cost of making vehicles in America in an unsigned letter. This is the Financial Times reporting addressed to us. Trade representative Jamon Greer Tesla said it supports fair trade, but warned that US explorers were exposed to disproportionate impacts when other countries respond to US trade actions.


For example, past trade actions by the United States have resulted in immediate reactions by the targeted countries, including increased tariffs on EVs, electric vehicles, imported it into those countries. And that, of course, is not a shock. If we are hitting other places where they live, they're gonna hit us where we live. They're gonna hit our tech sector. Well, the, the question I have in all this is what is the goal? And this is where, again, I'm, I'm bewildered that Democrats are not honing in on this. Why are Democrats not honing in on this? Just as a matter of, of politics, it's malpractice. Maybe they agree with the tariffs, maybe they have no idea what they're doing. I don't know. Whatever it is, when markets go down, that is typically a good proxy for a good line of political attack. And meanwhile, none of this, it's just not necessary.


It's not necessary. Why are we focusing in on a tariff war initiated against our allies? Mainly places like Canada, places like the eu, China's right there, and China is perfectly willing to ship its goods anywhere to cheaply and make deals with Canada and the eu. And there's plenty of stuff that needs to get done. Again, as the treasury secretary Scott Besson suggested, what the administration should be focused on is deregulation, cuts to government and tax cuts. Speaking of which, you can see the panic in the eyes of the public sector employee unions. One of the worst aspects of American politics is the fact that you have all of these unions that are in the public sector and taxpayer funded public unions.


And these unions are not negotiating against a profit driven management, against a business savvy management. Instead, they're negotiating against the taxpayer, and they're literally electing the people to negotiate on behalf of the taxpayer. So these public sector unions donate enormous amounts of money to Democrats, and then they negotiate with the Democrats for their own salary, all to be paid for by the national debt or by the taxpayers. While now Doge is coming in and cutting a lot of these folks, and they're freaking out, totally freaking out. So here, for example, is the President of the American Federation of Government employees, Everett Kelly. And he's freaking out. Well, first of all, I think that's a, that's misinformation.


And this administration is very good at putting out false information. The government today is the same size. It was in the seventies. Okay? The, the, you know, the, the population has exploded, but the amount of federal workers has not. So that's just a false information about it being too big. It's the same size as it was in the seventies. Okay? Well, I mean, the idea that the federal government is the same size it was in the seventies, belies the fact that the federal budget in 1970 was approximately $195 billion. That was the total outlay of the federal government in nineteen seventy, a hundred and ninety $5 billion. Today, the annual outlay of the federal government is somewhere in the neighborhood of six to $7 trillion.


Okay? So no, the, yes, the federal government has grown just a little bit. Just a little bit. And it is, the federal budget in 1970 on a non inflation adjusted basis, was about 3% of what the total federal budget is right now. So to pretend the federal government hasn't grown is totally psychotic. It's just ridiculous on its face. Unfortunately, the Trump administration is facing down adversaries across the country in the form of district court judges. Yesterday, US District Court Judge William Sup described the mass firings that have been made by Doge as a quote sham strategy by the government's central human resources office to sidestep legal requirements for reducing the federal workforce. And this is one of the really terrible effects of these public sector unions.


They sign these long-term contracts in which people basically can't get fired, which is ridiculous. You should be an at will employee of the federal government if you're working for the federal government. This judge was a San Francisco based appointee President Bill Clinton. Shocker shocker. He ordered the Defense Treasury Energy, interior Agriculture and Veterans Affairs Departments to immediately offer all fired probationary employees, their jobs back, the Office of Personnel Management, according to the judge who made an unlawful decision to terminate them. Sup said that the agencies have the authority to implement reductions in force, but they have to follow proper procedures. So they're claiming this is a procedural matter. Well, we'll find out. We'll find out. 'cause all this stuff's gonna end up at the Supreme Court, by the way.


So should the general principle that district court judges have the ability to issue nationwide injunctions on the basis of having jurisdiction over a small share of the of the United States. Well, meanwhile, the Trump administration has been cracking down on pro terrorism protests at universities all over the country. And hilariously now, Columbia has decided that, you know, it might not be a great idea to have foreign exchange students who actually support terrorism. According to the Columbia University statement that was just put out yesterday, the Columbia University Judicial Board determined findings and issued sanctions to students ranging from multi-year suspensions, temporary degree revocations, and expulsions related to the occupation of Hamilton Hall last spring.


You remember this bunch of proma protestors took over buildings on campus violently with respect to other events taking place Last spring, the UJ B'S determinations recognized previously imposed its disciplinary action. The return of suspended students will be overseen by Columbia University's life office. So finally, they're actually enforcing their own rules. That is only because the administration threatened to remove their federal aid dollars. Until then, they were perfectly fine with their own university being taken over by the radicals because of course, they largely agreed with the radicals. Meanwhile, along the same lines, the controversy continues over Mahmud Kal, who is a foreign exchange student who apparently attained a green card. He was brought to the United States apparently to learn how to agitate because that's pretty much all he did at Columbia University.


He joined up with a group called Columbia University Apartheid, divest. This was the group that led the violent protests at Columbia, taking over buildings. He was the chief negotiator on behalf of that group. That group put up many statements in solidarity with the violent actions of Hamas. And somehow the idea is that he can't be deported now 'cause he has a green card. Again, we're not talking about an American citizen. And by the way, the real question here is not whether he should be deported. The question is, why the hell he was here as a foreign exchange student in the first place? How did he end up with a student visa? Well, yesterday, pro Kamas protestors took over Trump Tower in New York City. And so I hope that all these people who are illegally inside Trump Tower and trespassing, I hope that they in fact, are prosecuted.


And if they are here on a student visa, then they can go home as well. That'd be fun because it turns out that violating the law by taking over somebody else's property is in fact a portable crime. Here we go. Okay. And then they started chanting, bring Mahmood home, okay? Which again, is a riff on the Israeli attempt to get actual hostages to be brought home from the predations of Hamas. Just wonderful people. And these are the people that the Democrats have decided that they truly need to reach out to. And this is the single moral issue on which they are absolutely unified, is that terrorist supporters who get in here on a student visa should be allowed to get a green card and then should be allowed to stay permanently in the country.


That's what America needs more of. According to the Wall Street Journal, about 300 protestors entered the Manhattan skyscraper that houses the Trump organization and the president's New York penthouse on Thursday and then swarmed the ground floor. The New York Police Department arrested 98 pro-Palestinian protestors. No injuries reported. No property was damaged. Okay? But if you're arrested and you're here on a visa, you can go, we don't need you here. Actually, that's fine. And it's not the same thing if you're an American citizen. If you're an American citizen, you have the right to say whatever dumb thing you want to. That is not the same thing if you are here as a guest of the United States. Obviously, meanwhile, the Trump administration is moving in strong ways to cut the Department of Education.


According to the Washington Post, the Trump administration promised that massive staffing cuts would not impact the process students use to apply for federal financial aid. But two dozen workers who helped manage a key piece of the system were among the hundreds that laid off the next day access to fafsa. That's the free application for federal student aid went in and out for four hours. Okay? So then they fixed it. This, of course, is gonna be used as an excuse to suggest that there can't be any cuts to Department of Education at all. But the reality is that when you are moving fast and breaking things, you're gonna rebuild the pieces that you most need. And that's what's going to happen with federal student aid. For example, the percentage of of people who are laid off in the federal student aid arena about 30%.


So that shouldn't kill federal student aid by any stretch of the imagination. The number of people who are, who are fired in the Institute of Education Sciences, that's more like 78%. These are huge layoffs according to Frederick has Director of Education policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute. We're talking about huge layoffs, unprecedented layoffs. So of course, Democrats are freaking out about this. Randy Weingart in particular is, is freaking out. She has its death by 2000 cuts. Well, I can only hope that her evil leadership of the American Federation of Teachers ends up on the chopping block. Look, I, I don't know. She's only been on the job for five days.


I, and I think she's well-meaning enough, but you can't basically cut half the people that work on these things and expect that you're gonna have the grants go to di to schools directly. So it is a, it is basically death by 2000 cuts. Okay? So we will find out soon enough whether that is true. We can only hope that that is the case. Meanwhile, the negotiations over Ukraine continue, Vladimir Putin has rejected them. Vladimir Putin has said that he's not interested in an immediate ceasefire. He instead wants a longer term ceasefire, but without any of the conditions that would actually be necessary to achieve that ceasefire. Let's be real.


There is not going to be a ceasefire, a, an armistice, anything like that, unless there are security guarantees to Ukraine preventing this from happening again in two years when Russia has re-arm. That is the only way UK Ukraine will sign on to anything. And frankly, it's the only reason that that Ukraine should sign on to anything. And if Vladimir Putin continues to press forward militarily, it would not be in the interest of the United States or any of our allies for him to take Eve. That'd be a mistake. If you actually want to get to an off ramp that freezes the lines where they are, you have to maintain enough pressure to keep Vladimir Putin from strolling through Kyiv and rolling Tanks into Western Ukraine. While Putin apparently feels like he's got control of these negotiations, which honestly, the United States should take as an insult, Putin said on Thursday, he did not support an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine.


Calling for more discussion on a permanent end to the war as Moscow's army made rapid gains toward expelling kee forces from the curse region. Again, the interruption in aid and intelligence that the United States was trying to use to leverage Ukraine back to the table has had some significant downside impact in the SK region. SK, of course, is in Russia. It is one of the areas where Ukraine has pushed forward. Why? Because they then wanna trade that territory for area in Crimea or the non bass. Putin said, any pause in fighting at this point would be in Ukraine's interest because Russia is gaining on the battlefield and a host of issues would need to be resolved before a ceasefire could be reached. Those were the first official responses from Moscow after Ukraine. Ukraine agreed this week to us back proposal for a pause in the war. Putin spoke as President Trump's special envoy.


Steve Whitcoff was due in Moscow. Trump said that he planned to speak with Putin soon and was pressing to a speedy end to the conflict. Here was President Trump talking about this yesterday, flanked by the nato Secretary General Mark Rudy. So we're saying, look, this is what you can get. This is what you can't get. They discuss NATO and being in nato and everybody knows what the answer to that is. They've known that answer for 40 years, in all fairness. So a lot of the details of a final agreement have actually been discussed. Now we're gonna see whether or not Russia is there and if they're not, it'll be a very disappointing moment for the world. And it will be a disappointing moment for the world if Vladimir Putin continues to push forward.


He said, who will give orders to stop fighting? What is the price of those orders? Who will determine where and by whom they were violated? Well, I mean, if you guys crossed the border into Ukraine again, then you'd be the one violating the the orders. President Zelensky of Ukraine called Putin's response. Highly predictable and manipulative words aimed at dragging out the process by setting unworkable preconditions. And of course, Zelensky actually is right about that. He said, Putin is afraid to tell President Trump directly. He wants to continue this war and keep killing Ukrainians. Putin does this often. He doesn't say no. He drags things out and makes reasonable solutions impossible. And again, that is accurate from Zelensky, everything is zelensky. Putin is the one who's not accepting an iMedia ceasefire right now. And Putin is the one who's suggesting an inordinate number of preconditions that are just not doable.


They're just not doable. He says that he doesn't want Ukraine to re-arm. Well, of course Ukraine is going to re-arm you just invaded them. What do you think they would do? Sit there with a half scarred military? What, what? What would be it? It's, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. So it'll be interesting to see what happens from here. Obviously, the ire of the Trump administration should turn to the intransigent party now, and the intransigent party is not Vladimir Zelensky, who has been properly chastened by the Trump administration. The obstinate party right now is pretty obviously Vladimir Putin, who feels as though he has his opposition on the run. Well, folks, a little bit earlier this week, I had a chance to sit down with my friend Seth Dillon from the Babylon Beat to talk all things comedy, humor, and politics is a great conversation.


Here's what it sounded like. Well, I'm joined here in studio by Seth Di, the founder of the Babylon Bee, which is of course, the funniest news site in America's satirical news site as it constantly points out. And yet the left seems never to understand. Seth, great to see You. Great to see you too. I have to correct you though, not the founder, just CEO, Just CEO Adam Ford. That's true. I don't wanna take that away from Adam. He's, he's the brilliant mind that began the whole thing. I wish I'd started it, but I I took it over in 2018. So It's, it is been an amazing journey for the Babylon Bay. It has. It is also amazing to think that the change that has happened across the world may have happened because you guys got banned at Twitter for making a joke that boys are not girls. Yeah. I mean, to be caught up in that whole thing was, was crazy.


I, I, I avoid saying that we were the reason he bought Twitter, because we weren't, like, the reason he bought Twitter was free speech. It was free speech. The Babylon Beach was a symptom of that. Right. So you had, he was, he was getting really concerned about the fact that there was these bad ideas, wokeness in particular. No. Which he called divisive exclusionary hateful. A civilizational threat. You know, like he was really concerned about the spread of these bad ideas and the inability of people to push back on them and respond to them because it was considered hate speech or misinformation or whatever. So, you know, when we got kicked off for telling a joke that we weren't supposed to tell, which, you know, those are the ones we should be telling. Right. It alarmed him. It got him really concerned and worked up about it.


So I I maybe it was the straw that broke the camel's back. I don't Know. Well, I mean, again, it, it is kind of funny to think that you guys are that first domino in the domino maybe. Yeah. That ends with President Trump. Exactly. Destroying DEI in the Oval Office with the baseball bat and all the rest of it. That must be an amazing thing. But I wanna ask you about how to do comedy in, in this particular era, because comedy is now closer to prophecy. We've done entire segments of the show talking about how Babylon be headlines end up being prophetic. Not, it used to be the, the, the lag time has gone down. It used to be like a five year lag time between when you'd write a headline, when it would materialize. Yeah. And now it seems to be about a month headline. Right. Even when you write a headline and then it materializes. So what, how do you do comedy in an era that is this outlandishly absurd?


It's, it's challenging. I think that, I think that probably a, a common misconception is that it's easier because there's a lot to make fun of. And there's truth to that to an extent. You know, there's obviously, there's crazy things happening in the world that are easy to make fun of, but the problem is when you're, when you're trying to satirize what's happening in the world, you have to exaggerate it and go a little, like a little step beyond that. And then reality catches up to you. You know, it's, you gotta stay ahead of the curve of these things and a matter of weeks or even hours sometimes it's, that's all it takes for a joke to become something that actually happens. So it's, you know, I think the more, the more like we swing back to in the direction of sanity and, and stop doing some of the, the really crazy thing, like the joke that we had told about that got us kicked outta Twitter was a joke about Admiral Rachel Levine having been named, you know, she was named, she, he was named Woman of the Year by USA Today Tricky Language.


And we mocked that by naming Rachel Levine, our pick from Man of the Year. Well, you know, comedy like that, it's, you, you look at the real headline and it seems like it is satire, it seems like a parody, it seems like something you'd see on South Park. And so when in that environment, you know, there's obviously it's a target rich environment, but it's hard to satirize what already feels like parody. But as we swing back in the direction of sanity, I think, you know, that dies down a little bit. And you gotta look for, you gotta look for other things to make fun of. And Well, One of the other things that seems to have happened over the course of the last 10, 15 years is I actually think people have lost a lot of their sense of humor. Yeah. It used to be that you could laugh at a joke, particularly about your own side. It, it was okay to laugh at jokes about your own side. Yeah. Things that I would say on the show in 2015 that were kind of jokes about Republicans or President Trump or, or Ted Cruz or whomever was running.


'cause that was a really funny primary, I mean, 2016 was a hysterical time in American life. If you don't remember all the way back to 2016 youngins, lemme just tell you that race, that that primary race was hysterically funny. Yeah. It was like, that Was right when the beast started too. Right, Exactly. It was like Donald Trump on stage insulting Rand Paul's hair by saying they had like a dead animal on his head and Yeah. And President Trump going after and, and, and it like, it was inherently funny that President Trump became President Trump. I just remember the night of the election literally bursting out laughing hysterically for like 90 seconds Yeah. Live on air when it was announced that he'd won because it was, it was so outlandish. Right. And, and yet now it's obvious, you know, why that happened. And, and in retrospect, you can kinda see the historic moment happening, but at the time it was really, really humorous. But everybody, I think also was willing to laugh at things.


Do you feel like people are less willing to laugh at things on pretty much all sides of the aisle? In a lot of ways, Yeah. I mean it's, it's, it's kind of disconcerting to see it happening on the right too. But it was becoming a major problem, you know, to the point where Seinfeld was talking about how he won't do college campuses anymore. You know, he had this kind of safe space, I need to be insulated in a bubble. My feelings can never be hurt. That that whole thing was, it destroyed the ability of people to look at themselves in a critical way, especially with mockery, where they're able to actually have that introspection where they say, some of the things that I do are ridiculous too, and I should be willing to laugh at that. You know, there's a, there's a maturity in that and, and we, we kind of like stunted our own growth, I think as a culture by suppressing that and saying, no, your feelings should never be hurt by anything, including a joke.


And, and humor's actually harmful. I don't think humor's harmful. I think we were more unified than ever when we were joking about each other, you know, and willing to laugh at ourselves. And if you go back 20, 30 years in comedy, that was much more prevalent than it has been over the last decade. And I, I, I've seen some, you know, on the right getting, as getting angry about jokes at their expense and the way that the left used to, and I bristle at that. I don't like people taking themselves too seriously. I think it's unhealthy that we take ourselves so seriously. You know, you gotta be willing to laugh at yourself. And if you can't do that, you know, if you're taking yourself that seriously, you're not gonna enjoy life for one thing, but you're just, you're gonna be stuck as, as like a child in an adult's body. You know, you need to grow up and be willing to laugh and, and you'll have more fun.


Yeah. Well, one of the things I think that you guys have done an incredibly great job at is, is somehow navigating the line of humor where you don't just become kind of over the top edge lords. One of the things that's happened in sort of meme world, and we all now live in meme world because the, the lord of all memes is, is the head of Twitter. I mean, Elon is a living meme. Yeah. I saw him at cpac and he literally turned to me as he was wearing, you know, the ridiculous meme sunglasses and carrying a chainsaw. Right. And, and he learned, he turned to me and he goes, Ben, I'm just living the meme. Yeah. Like, that's, that's the guy who is the head of Doge and the head of X and the head of Tesla and the head of SpaceX. That's that. So we now live in, in that world that, that has some benefits in that it's inherently funny, but it also means that one way that people get attention is by being edge lords.


And so the idea is the more provocative, more violative, more transgressive you get then that, that, that's like a form of humor. And that's always been a form of humor. Shock humor. But shock humor seems to be a huge and growing part of sort of the humor contingent. The problem with shock humor is that sometimes the reason that the thing is shock is 'cause actually bad. Right. And, and not, not because you, you can make people laugh in a lot of ways, but the cheapest way to make somebody laugh is to say the F word. Right. And there's always been true in humor, if you wanna say, so, if you wanna make somebody laugh, the the the discomfort laugh, right. The, yeah. Saying the F word or graphically describing sex or something like these are, these are ways that vulgarity Yeah. Right. Vulgarity. That's it. And there is a such a thing as sort of a political vulgarity where you say something that is so kind of gross that people laugh because it's gross and violative and taboo.


You guys have never gone there. You always have had sort of a moral line that you won't step beyond just for the sake of the laugh. How, how do you find that that sort of ground where you're, you're being moral and humorous at the same time, which is a hard thing to do. Yeah. Well, we've never aimed for the shock humor. We've never tried to do, we've never tried to do comedy that just like puts people down to make them feel bad about themselves or goes for that shock value. It's, it, it, what we're trying to do is really just communicate truth to a post-truth culture and use humor as an effective way to do that. And so there are, I mean, there's a value system at play there where we're, we're, what we're trying to do is not just entertain and make people laugh, but make them think about whether or not these bad ideas should be taken seriously. And so those are more likely to be the things that we would challenge with our comedy, rather than the kind of behavior that we would engage in.


So when you look at sort of the political spectrum, a lot of the issues that were great sources of humor seem to be on their way out. And the the right is in the ascendancy, particularly culturally. Yeah. And so a lot of the stuff that, that has been mined for humor by you guys, by us, we made Lady Ballers, which is an entire movie, just about the idea of transgender people in sports, men playing women's sports and all, and all of that. And that, that's on the way out. I mean, the president has signed executive orders essentially banning that from, from sports that are sponsored by taxpayer dollars. Wokeness has been ban at the highest levels of the American government. Like the battles are getting won on the cultural level. So what do you see are, are sort of the next battles. What are the next, as I say the Babylon be is half prophecy, half dark prophecy and half humor. Well, what are sort of the next big cultural battles that you see on the horizon that, that, you know, you guys, you guys are gonna mind for the joke for One thing.


It's a good thing that they're on the way out. You know, that was kind of the point, right? This is the reason we made fun of these things is because we didn't want people to take them seriously and adopt it into the culture. You know, that's, that was the, that was the entire reason to make Lady Ballers was because this is a bad idea. It needs to be ridiculed, it needs to be mocked. Let's reject it instead of taking it seriously. And, you know, I don't think they're gonna go away quietly. You saw, you know, the speech when Trump, that Trump was giving the other night, you had the Democrats refusing to stand or applaud for, you know, a lot of these, the return to sanity that he was talking about. You know, this, we're, we're gonna return to sanity, safety reason, we're gonna take care of women and children. You know, you're not, you're, there's no such thing as a child born in the wrong body.


God made you as you are and you're perfect that way. Like, these are things to applaud. These are good, reasonable, sane things to applaud. And they sat down and refused to do that. So they're, they're gonna continue to fight us, I think, tooth and nail on these issues. So whether we've, whether we've won, well we, the ascendant power thing, you know, we have more influence than we had before. We have more control than we had before. But I don't know that these things are just gonna go away. These are gonna continue to be fights, you know, at the state level, at the local level. There's still gonna be situations where you have trans athletes getting in these meets with other girls. And, and the girls are gonna have to make a decision on whether they compete or stand down because, you know, it's, it's not completely eradicated yet. And that could take a lot of time. What your question was, what's next?


Yeah, what's next on the horizon, man, I, how do you try to predict what the Democrats are gonna go for next and how crazy that might possibly be? I don't know. I would keep an eye on the Babylon be headlines, and maybe those will come true in a few months because whatever we're talking about is probably gonna be what they're pursuing. But I don't know. I would, I would ask you what do you think are the, I I think they're gonna move into sort of the realm of economic insanity because they've already played out the cultural insanity. And they'll continue to do that to a certain extent. But, and, and, and again, I think they've kind of hit the edge cases already. I mean, when you're sitting on your hands, 'cause you can't applaud a 13-year-old cancer survivor at the right, at the state of the Union address. Like, I am not sure how much further you can go to hate President Trump. So they hate rid of President Trump.


He, he's not gonna be president in four years. So, you know, they're gonna have to move on to whatever is the next thing. And, and it seems to me that the Democratic party, if they are going to have any shot at electoral success in the future, is gonna have to move away from a lot of these cultural, kind of wokeness based issues and into these sort of demagoguery of success. Yeah. And you, and you, you see that in a lot of the attacks on Elon, right? Yep. Of course, a lot, a lot of what they're doing right now is Elon is bad, Elon is evil, Elon is corrupt. That's, that's my favorite one is when they say that Elon is corrupt, he's the richest man on planet earth, what would you have to pay him to buy, buy Elon off? How, how would you even accomplish this? But I I I think you're gonna see an enormous amount of this curve, left wing economic populism, which has mirrored by parts of the right that, that, that starts to become a sentence.


And that has its own sort of bizarre logic. Yeah. Yeah. We're seeing some of that already, for sure. So, you know, what, what's, what's next for you guys? You obviously done a number of projects. You have, you have the, the Be Itself, which is text-based, and then you've done videos. You've done now a movie about January 6th. The the the worst day. Well, what's the name of the film mean? It, it, Oh, I don't wanna screw it up. Yeah. January 6th. The most Deadliest day. The most Deadliest Day. Correct. Exactly. And so, so what, what, what's next on the horizon for, for bigger projects? Well, that was, was fun. So that was kind of our first foray into, you know, I guess you could, you could kind of style that or call that a mockumentary, you know, where we're, where we're taking an idea and treating it like super seriously when it shouldn't have been taken as seriously as it was.


And, and mocking the actors involved in that. That was a fun foot in the door for us to do like a larger project, a long form project beyond just like a short comedy sketch for YouTube. So we're gonna dabble in more of that, you know, try some of these i other ideas that we have kind of floating around and, and see if we can make some more films like that, because the audience loved it. You know, we, we generated a lot of subscribers with that. Got a lot of really good feedback. There's a lot we learned from it that we can do differently and better the next time. And so we'll iterate on that some. But I think, you know, for the beat, the, the primary thing for us, what we do really well is news satire. We mimic a news publication and publish satirical headlines. Funny fake news you can trust, you know, that's our thing.


That's what we do really well. And the next logical extension of that is probably, you know, some kind of a, a, a show that is a satirical news show, a daily show style thing, something like that I think could be really successful under the Bees brand. So we have, we have some things in the works along those lines that we're looking at too, that we're really excited about. So where that lives and when that lands is anyone's guess. But we are, we're excited about, you know, kind of continuing to do what we've done well that the audience really enjoys and bringing that out to a broader audience in new forms. Well, Seth Dylan, it's always great to see the Babylon Beat is great. Folks, if you haven't checked it out well, you've been living under a rock, but you definitely should babylon b.com.


Go check them out right now. Alrightyy coming up, we'll get to Representative Sarah McBride. He, Tim McBride says that the Republicans are obsessed with culture war issues. We'll also jump into today's mailbag, but you have to be a subscriber. We have so much good stuff coming. Pen Dragon Cycle is coming backstage Live Morning wire. Am I racist? What is a woman all access so much good stuff? You need to become a member? Become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.