
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank Branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Alrighty folks, there is a lot happening. Joe Biden is getting a major address from the Oval Office today. It's proof of Life and we are going to be covering it in a live version of The Ben Shapiro Show Tonight plus BB Netanyahu is on the hill today plus Kamala Harris. Oh man, they're revving up the Enthusiasm Machine first.


Today is the final day to get 47% OFF, a Daily Wire plus annual membership with Code Fight as a Daily Wire Plus member, yet uncensored, unfiltered ad free content, the latest breaking news and more. Join the fight now and get 47% off with code fight at Daily Wire dot com.


Well, the Democrats are hoping that you totally forgot about Joe Biden, that it's been like four days and you forgot that Joe Biden is president of the United States and it seems to be working. The fact is the media are covering Kamala Harris 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and they are covering her with all the syrup they can find because she is an amazing delight. She is just a special person. She is the fun aunt. She is. As the kids say, brat, that is the take that you get from the media these days, With that said, Joe Biden is still the president of the United States and Joe Biden is supposed to give a big address tonight from the Oval Office in which he explains what the hell is going on.


So according to President Biden, tomorrow evening, 8:00 PM Eastern, I'll address the nation from the Oval Office on what lies ahead and how I'll finish the job for the American people. Now, don don't know what the hell that's supposed to mean. I mean, by finishing the job does he mean like his candidacy was finished, like he can put a pillow over the face of the American people and smother us to death because that is effectively what his policies have been. Remember, there's still a war raging In the Middle East. There's still a war raging in Ukraine. China is casting its lonely eyes upon Taiwan. The world's a much less safe place than when Joe Biden took office. We still have an inflationary spiral that has put us behind the eight ball by 20% on many of the prices that we've been experiencing at the grocery store.


We still have a stagnating economy with the jobs numbers coming in low. Now, all of that happens to be true. Our social fabric has been rent by Joe Biden's radicalism. He has violated pretty much all the prescriptions that were put on the precedent of the United States by the Constitution. But all of that is supposedly gonna be put aside by Kamala Harris. Now, In the Dark while Kamala Harris is doing her thing, Joe Biden will continue being a very, very bad president. That is perfectly obvious. However, I don't think we should forget that Kamala Harris and the entire Democratic Party and the entire media were responsible for the biggest coverup of our life. It truly was the biggest coverup of our life. Life. You could say that BLM was a big coverup, but that was in plain sight, and we all knew the riots were happening in our streets.


All you had to do was drive your cars to the wrong part of town or In the case of Los Angeles to just Melrose Boulevard and you'd be able to see what what the hell was going on. Okay? You could say that maybe Covid was the biggest coverup of our lifetime except for the fact that there was some conflicting evidence when it came to Covid. At least the media could try to hang their hat on many of the lies that were being told by Dr. Anthony Fauci In, the NIH. When it came to Joe Biden's Health, his mental status, everyone In the know knew everyone. Kamala Harris knew Democratic Senators, knew Nancy Pelosi knew, and the entire media knew because they were dealing with President Biden on a day by day, hour by hour basis. And yet we're all supposed to pretend that all that goes away. The media's their, their credibility has now been magically restored.


Now that Joe Biden has stepped down and we got three weeks of honest media coverage, Kamala Harris, she's stepped in and that means that she's honest now, even though she actively participated In the coverup, the Democratic line here is it doesn't matter what we knew and when we knew it about Joe Biden's Health, it really doesn't matter. Here is Senator Chris Coons, a longtime ally of the President of the United States saying just that last night, Republicans are gonna say that Kamala Harris knew that President Biden wasn't up to four more years. I mean, they would say that about you, I think as well. And they're gonna allege a coverup. They're gonna say she knew she covered it up. How do you answer that charge considering what we have seen transpire over the last month?


First, I think it's BS Second, I don't think it's particularly relevant because what the American people are going to be looking at in November is Donald Trump versus Kamala Harris. And that is a fundamentally different race going forward and a different electoral challenge and a different direction for the American people than we were looking at before. I don't think that there is a huge coverup underway here, and I frankly don't think that matters to the discussion and the debate going forward. Now notice, notice what he's saying there. He's saying number one, there is no huge coverup. Well, I mean there is, the president of the United States tonight is going to retain the presidency.


This is the person who's going to retain the presidency. By the way, this is video of Joe Biden being seen alive for the first time in days yesterday. He stepped off of the Air Force one and he looks like, frankly, he's half dead at the least, maybe 75% dead. Here's the president of the United States. He can barely walk. He looks like he's gonna be taken down by a stiff wind here, and he's wobbling and he's asked by a reporter about why he's dropping out and he kinda goes, ah. And then he just keeps walking. That's your president of the United States. Is that a scandal? It should be a scandal. But I will say this, I think that Chris Coons is right. I think when he says that the media have turned their eyes away from Joe Biden, we're gonna pretend like none of this ever happened.


It never happened. Joe Biden was never the nominee like Ellen Page is gonna completely missing at this point, never existed. And if you remember a president named Joe Biden who was unhealthy and who was in fact a Democratic nominee, it's all in your imagination. You're not supposed to remember that any of this ever happened because that would implicate the current Democrats. That would not be about Joe Biden any longer. It would be about who knew what, when With that said, are the American people going to be focused on the coverup by the time we hit November? I really, really doubt it. And that is precisely why they made this change. They made this change for two reasons. One, they knew that Joe Biden was going to lose. Joe Biden was down heavily In the polls. They did not make this change because Joe Biden is senile. If they made the change 'cause Biden was senile, they would oust him with the 25th Amendment, which by the way is a question that Kamala Harris should be forced to answer.


If she doesn't like his policies, if she thinks he's senile, why doesn't she move for his alster right now? She should be stapled to his pant leg in terms of her actual policy prescriptions. She's the one who chooses to keep the senile old man in office. But is that gonna be the story? Absolutely not. Democrats are shoving the entire Biden presidency into the closet and then they're pretending that Kamala Harris just sort of spraying from the earth fully formed. They're pretending that she was the popular pick. Well, the Democrats decided that they no longer wanted Joe Biden, so they shoved Kamala Harris right into place. They did what you might call a job replacement an upgrade.


Well, if you need to do that for your business, but you want somebody better than either Joe Biden or Kamala Harris, you need ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter can be tried right now for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast. It doesn't just cast a wide net and hope for the best ZipRecruiter cutting edge technology actively seeks candidates with the skills and experience you need. Once you've reviewed your list of qualified candidates, you can invite your top choices to apply this streamlined process encourages them to apply sooner, allowing you to fill that role faster. Lots of seasonal businesses are hiring right now, so gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter high speed hiring tools, CY four out five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within day one. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to Try ZipRecruiter for FREE ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily Wire. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way to hire. If you need better employees, you just need to get the best people today. There really is no excuse for not using ZipRecruiter dot com slash Daily Wire tryout for free right now.


Here's Chuck Schumer trying to enthusiasm this thing into existence. Again, you are seeing enthusiasm on the democratic side of the aisle. You're seeing enthusiasm because number one, Joe Biden is gone. And I think there's a natural enthusiasm that happens when you know you're going to lose and suddenly there is a ray of hope and then you are seeing a sort of fake enthusiasm for Kamala Harris and that fake enthusiasm is being generated in outsized amounts by the media. Chuck Schumer tried to enthusiasm this thing yesterday. It was actually quite pathetic. He was in front of the press and he was waiting for the press to literally clap for him. I'm not even kidding. That's a thing that happened here is the Senate majority leader, Chuck Schumer, announcing that he was throwing his support behind Vice President Harris.


Now that the process has played out from the grassroots bottom up, we are here today restroom to bottom up, to throw our support behind Vice President Kamala Harris. I'm clapping. You don't have to. What's your case to the American people and to the democratic voters that voted for Joe Biden, that this isn't a coronation, The bottom line. It was a bottom up process. People just rallied. It wasn't right to her side. The enthusiasm in this big diverse representative party was amazing. You could, you could. It was palpable. You could cut it with a knife. Okay, this is a lie. This is a lie. In what way was this grassroots? They literally had primaries.


Primaries are a grassroots process. Now, you may not like that Joe Biden won the primaries. You may think the Democratic Party should unlock the primaries so more candidates could run against Joe Biden. But to pretend that this is grassroots is insane. Nancy Pelosi was In the backroom with a stiletto, jabbing it over and over into Joe Biden's neck. Barack Obama was standing behind Joe Biden with with a Garrett. This insane, bizarre notion that this was a grassroots operation to get rid of Joe Biden. It is totally crazy. Now, the grassroots may go along with it. The grassroots may be very happy about it, but to pretend that this was not the Democratic Party elites offering Joe Biden is of course a total lie. They also have to say that because then they have to suggest that there was wild enthusiasm for Harris, not just wild enthusiasm for getting rid of Biden, because two things actually happened here.


There was wild democratic base enthusiasm for getting rid of Joe Biden. People did want Biden out, but there was no grassroots enthusiasm for Kamala who was a 38% approval rating and is wildly charmless. And millions of Americans didn't come together because they desperately wanted Kamala Harris. That's being foisted upon them by the party system for sure. But Hakeem Jeffries is trying the same thing. Here's the house minority leader saying the same sort of stuff. Vice President Harris has earned the nomination from the grass grassroots up and knocked the top down. She is ready. She's willing. She is able to energetically and emphatically lead America into the future.


Earned what? Earned what? How? How did she earn this? Precisely how? Please explain. Did she spend one iota of one day campaigning for the presidency? I mean, there were primaries. Did she primary her boss? She's done that before. By the way, when she was the San Francisco DA candidate, she literally ran against her own boss. Is that what she did here? Now, is any of this gonna matter? The answer is it's incredibly frustrating to watch as a political observer when you are lied to. It's really, really annoying and these people are lying. We it. It all happened right in front of us and now we are being gaslit about the very process by which Joe Biden was ousted. It's a total gaslighting. Kamala Harris was appointed by the Democratic Party elite to replace Joe Biden because they wanted to keep his $100 million war chest intact.


They went to the donors, they got the donors to drop a money bomb on her inside the first three days of the campaign so they could pretend that they had $200 million of grassroots support or some such nonsense. Okay? This is all created. It is all fake. It is all air sets With. that said, is the race changed? Yes. And if Republicans get stuck, In the mode of talking about Joe Biden from here to the election, Democrats are going to win because the case is very simple here. It always was. Whoever this election is a referendum on is going to lose. For a while it was Joe Biden for nearly the entirety of the race, it was Joe Biden 'cause he's the current president of the United States. And Democrats pulled a fast one. They got rid of him in favor of her.


Now, I know a lot of Republicans are sitting around thinking, yes, but she's wildly unpopular. People hate her. No one knows who she is. If you ask the everyday American the name of the vice president, many do not know, very few know anything about her. Certainly almost nobody knows her record because vice presidents generally get picked from quasi obscurity. Vice presidents are mostly only famous for being a vice president, not for what they did before they were the vice president. And that's certainly true for Kamala Harris, who was In the United States Senate for all of 27 seconds and then ran a wildly and terribly unsuccessful presidential campaign, which means Republicans are gonna have to introduce this fresh character to the American people. That is their job. This means that this is a fresh race and it means there can be no errors by the Republican team, none.


It means whatever get out the vote effort they've got going needs to be top notch. This is not the time for testing new theories about get out to vote. This is the time for winning. This is not the time for testing new theories about how to go after Kamala Harris. This is time to go after Kamala Harris on her record. Can Republicans act with that kind of discipline? Because the reality is that for the past several weeks, Donald Trump has been a more disciplined candidate. With. that said, there's a lot of buyer's remorse in sort of political circles these days about JD Vance as his VP candidate, not 'cause anybody dislikes JD Vance, because JD Vance doesn't necessarily add to the appeal that you're looking for against a candidate like Kamala Harris. If you're running against Joe Biden, you can pick somebody for legacy. But if you're running against a competitive candidate who is not Joe Biden, who is not fully dead, maybe it wouldn't be better to pick a Len Jukin from Virginia, but it's too late for that.


So the bottom line here is that the Joe, the the Donald Trump campaign cannot afford any mistakes at this point, as in none. And the Trump campaign is basically acknowledging that at this point.


Well, the Trump campaign has to run a very, very strong campaign. They can't be making mistakes. You know what's one thing that causes me to make mistakes when I don't get enough sleep? And you know what caused me not to get enough sleep? Not having my Helix sleep mattress? That's what Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. The Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress, Lionel, you really don't have to be because Helix has a sleep quiz that matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. Why would you buy a mattress made for someone else? I took that helix quiz. I was matched with a firm but breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We are big Helix fans at the Shapiro House. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You get to try it out 100 nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it, but you're gonna love it. Helix. His financing options and flexible payment plans make it to a great night's sleep is never far away. For a limited time Helix is offering up to 30% OFF all mattress orders plus two free pillows. Just for our listeners, go to helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ben. It's their best offer, yet it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts right now. Again, helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ben


Tony Fabrizio, who is a member of Team Trump, they put out a memo pointing out that there will almost certainly be a Harris polling bump from here all the way through the Democratic National Convention quote. Many of you have heard me referred to the upcoming Harris Honeymoon that I expect to see In. the public polling over the next couple of weeks, as I've explained the honeymoon, will be a manifestation of the wall-to-wall coverage Harris receives from the MSM. The coverage will be largely positive and will certainly energize Democrats in some other parts of their coalition, at least In the short term and that's the key, is that In, the short term or not? I have a feeling that it is In the short term because again, once people take a look at Kamala Harris, she's an extraordinarily she charmless and annoying candidate. She's cloying, she's nasal, she's pretty terrible just as a quality of a candidate.


and it turns out that people who look fairly good on paper very often implode on the national stage. That was certainly true of CommonWell the first time around when she ran for president in 20 19, 20 20. So is the enthusiasm likely to fall away? Well, again, this goes to the Harris campaign. Can Kamala Harris stay outta the public eye? She actually needs to run the basement strategy. She needs to go out and do rallies where she'll be very comfortable and she needs to avoid anything remotely like a tough interview. Now the media may help her out. The media have swiveled into her camp. They see a new opportunity to get rid of the most hated man in America, Donald Trump, and they're presumably going to ask her only questions about her favorite Dan's music and why she's such a nice woman. We can expect that sort of media treatment, but is the bump gonna be long term or short term?


The problem is this is a short term election now. It is currently the end of July. We have August, September, October, and that's it. Short term, better be real short term. Tony Fabrizio says We'll start to see public polling, particularly national public polls, where Harris is gaining on or even leading President Trump. Obviously, the situation we find ourselves in today is totally uncharted territory and has no modern historical parallel. But there are some things that haven't changed due to the events of the past two weeks, including our highly successful convention, president Trump has seen a bump in his numbers in a number of recent public polls. Not surprising given that most candidates historically received some type of bump given what has happened over the past couple days and her impending VP choice. There's no question Harris will get her bump earlier than the Democrat Convention.


That bump is likely starting to show itself over the next few days and will last a while until the race settles back down. The Democrats and the MSM will try and tout these polls as prove the race has changed. The fundamentals, however of the race stay the same again. This is Donald Trump's pollster is Tony Fabrizio. The Democrats deposing one nominee for another, does not change voters' discontent over the economy, inflation crime, the open border housing costs, not to mention concern over two foreign wars before Long Harris' honeymoon will end and voters will refocus on her role as Biden's partner and co-pilot. As importantly, voters will also learn about Harris' Dangerously liberal record before becoming Biden's partner. In creating historic inflation, she cast a deciding vote on the inflation reduction act flood of illegal immigrants of the southern border. She's Biden's borders are and migrant crime that is threatening our families and communities.


She said illegals free, who went on to commit violent crime as da. So while the public polls may change, In the short run and she may consolidate a bit more of the Democrat base, Harris can't change who she is or what she's done. Stay tuned. I think that that is an excellent analysis by Tony Fabrizio. And as Harry Enton points out, before Democrats get too high on their own supply, Democrats do face an uphill battle because even if Kamala Harris is running competitive nationally, the state polling state by state still favors Donald Trump and the electoral college is an uphill battle for Kamala Harris. Here's Harry Enton, CNN's pollster analyzing the state of play. Let's take a look here just first at the favorable views of Donald Trump. We know that Donald Trump has historically been unpopular, but take a look now.


After the Republican National Convention In the A BC News Ipsos poll, he recorded his highest ever favorable rating at 40%. That's not a one-off. Take a look at the Kak University poll. 46%. That's the highest ever in that pollster. The fact is Donald Trump is more popular now than he ever has been before. So yes, Democrats can make this switch rule, but they're still gonna have to beat Donald Trump, a Donald Trump who is stronger Sarah than he has ever been before. Now again, it's still a jump ball because on the other side of the coin, the two national polls that have come out In the last couple of days show Trump either tied with Harris or behind Marist has Trump and Harris tied at 42. Ipsos has Harris winning 42 to 38 over Trump.


And of course that's not gonna be the final result because 42 and 30 eight's only 80% of the vote with Kennedy earning eight, whereas the other 12% of the vote, Nate Silver has some thoughts on the current state of play. He says, on the one hand it's plausible Harris is getting or will get some sort of bounce from the news. This could reflect partisan non-response binds for bias, for instance, meaning Democrats are now sounding off on polls that they weren't likely to sound off on before. He also says, ordinarily you'd expect this to be a pretty good period for Trump, but obviously Kamala has now stolen his thunder. He says also, if our Democratic readers are detecting a shade of optimism in this post, I need to be a Debbie Downer for a moment in a race that's likely to be closed. Trump's edge In, the electoral college is a huge advantage for him.


While there haven't been many swing state polls yet, I'd expect Electoral College popular vote gap to still favor him as it did in 2016 and 2020. So if the national polls draw a tie like the Marris poll did today, that still implies a Trump lead In the electoral college. However, there are certain states that are likely to tighten up, okay? Georgia, for example, is already tightening up in terms of the polling. There's a poll today that shows Kamala down only one in Georgia. Now, do I think that Kamala Harris is gonna win Georgia? I do not. I do not think that if Stacey Abrams lost Georgia handily to Brian Kemp, Kamala Harris is like to win Georgia over Donald Trump. Don don't think that that's probably right. With that said, is this race significantly more competitive than when Joe Biden was In the race? Absolutely. So either Donald Trump has to play a flawless game, or you have to wait for Kamala Harris to make a mistake.


Either of those things could happen. I think it's pretty likely that Kamala Harris will make a bunch of big mistakes because it is very rare for a candidate to run a flawless campaign. Hillary Rodham Clinton is now sounding off in support of Kamala Harris, In, the New York Times. She says, history has its eye on us. President Biden's decision to end his campaign was an as pure inactive patriotism, as I have seen in my lifetime, it should be a call to action to the rest of us to continue his fight for the soul of the nation. Again, that that's nonsense. Obviously, the only reason he dropped out is 'cause he was losing. If he thought he could win, he would've stayed in. That's not patriotism. That is pure self-interest. However, Hillary is now talking up CommonWell, which is like the kiss of death, by the way.


Well, Hillary Clinton has some bad memories of that 2016 race, but you have good memories in your life that you wish to preserve, and that's why you need Legacy Box. Legacy Box is the simple and safe solution for digitizing all of your memories. Founded over a decade ago. Legacy Box has one mission to bring your memories into the 21st century bid. Farewells those family video VHS tapes you can't even watch because do you have a VCR? Say hello. Instead to the world's largest Digitizer legacy box, they've hoped over 1 million families relive their wedding days, chaotic childhood Christmases, even road trips to Yellowstone. My listeners can enjoy 50% off by going to legacy box.com/shapiro. When you get started with Legacy Box today, the process is super simple. Send in your legacy box filled with old VHS tapes, camcorder tapes and pictures. Then their team professionally digitizes everything by hand. In the United States. You'll get it back on the cloud or thumb drive along with your originals. Don't let your childhood memories fade away on old tapes. It's time to digitize and future proof those priceless moments. Fast forward into the digital age with Legacy Box. Visit legacy box.com/shapiro today, unlock 50% off your order. That's legacy box.com/shapiro. I've done it for my parents, I've done it for my in-Laws. We've done it for ourselves. Legacy Box makes an amazing gift. Go to legacy box.com/shapiro today, unlock 50% off your order.


She says elections are about the future. That's why I'm excited about Vice President Kamala Harris. She represents a fresh start for American politics. She can offer a hopeful, unifying vision. She's talented, experienced, and ready to be president, and I know she can defeat Donald Trump. Ms. Harris's record and character will be distorted and disparaged by a flood of disinformation and the kind of ugly prejudice we've already heard from MAGA mouthpieces. She In the campaign will have to cut through the noise and then she suggests that it's gonna be all about sexism and it's gonna be about racism and all of the rest. Now the reality, of course, is that whatever her unpopularity is gonna be about, it's gonna be largely about her policies. Her policies are extremely radical, as we have mentioned on the program. She has anti-fracking, she has anti-gun, she has anti-cop.


Despite her new attempts to paint herself as a tough prosecutor back when she was in California, she absolutely 100% was not. You can check out our series Kamala over at Daily Wire plus 47% off with Code Fight. In order to find out everything you need to know about Kamala Harris's history, she's also making some pretty big mistakes. So she has now apparently picked Jen O'Malley Dillon, who served as chair of the Biden Harris campaign before Biden announced You leave the race. That is not a particularly good pick. O'Malley Dillon ran Biden's 2020 presidential campaign and choose running Biden's failing 2024 campaign. The truth is, if you were smart, then she would presumably be picking people from the Obama team.


Nate Silver says it's not good news for Democrats to put the people who ran the Biden campaign into the ground in charge. So strange picked by Kamala Harris. But again, she's run a bunch of bad campaigns. Her senate campaign in 2016, the one she won was so bad that political had an entire article talking about how she was wasting hundreds of thousands of dollars on perks and alienating her entire staff With. That said, we are now In the Honeymoon Harris period as Honey Fabrizio said. So she had a big rally yesterday. It was her first rally yesterday in Wisconsin. She's not gonna make the mistake that Hillary Clinton did and not visit the swing states. At the very least. According to the Washington Post to a roaring crowd of thousands In, the Milwaukee suburb Harris moved to redefine the November election as a choice between the future and the past. A prosecutor and a felon. Now again, this tough on crime prosecutor stuff from Kamala Harris is just a lie.


And Kamala Harris's version of the future is pretty, is pretty bad. It honestly, th this reads so much like the sort of the race between Kang and CODOs at this point from The Simpsons. She's like, we are going to the future, not the past. That that is legitimately what she's saying. Now I have news for her. We're all going to the future 'cause we have no choice. Ain't none of us got a time machine here. However, is Kamala Harris saying that Donald Trump is focused on the past while she is focused on the future to the future CODOs, They intend to end the Affordable Care Act. And take us back then to a time when insurance companies have the power to deny people with preexisting conditions.


Remember what that was like? Children with asthma, This is so highly choreographed. Well, Women who survived breast cancer, grandparents with diabetes America has tried these failed economic policies before, but we are not going back God, Which is so irritating and she, she's trying to keep it in check right now. But it'll come out over the course of the campaign because it always does. When the cameras are on you, you become exactly what you are In the public eye. She also is trying to suggest that Donald Trump represents chaos, fear, and hate. Which again, this is an administration that has literally tried to jail its political opponent at this very rally.


The crowd was chanting lock him up about Donald Trump to the Vice Presidents of administration, which has activated its DOJ to actively lock him up. She says that it's about hate. Her own boss suggested that half the country hates democracy. She's talking about chaos. The world is a more chaotic place than any time in my lifetime because of Joe Biden. So if this is her campaign, you know, I, I, I got some questions. Do we wanna live in a country of freedom, compassion, and rule of law, or a country of chaos, fear, and hate?


And here's the beauty of this moment. We each have the power to answer that question. Mm.


So Kamala Harris is taking over for somebody who is unhealthy, but you need to stay healthy and it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure exactly where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's awesome. I've been using it myself. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen. First thing In the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism. Meaning whether you're mostly burning fats or carbs, forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumin apart is its personalization. It can understand you on a personal level with all the travel throughout the country I've been doing recently. The device is an absolute lifesaver. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals so I can focus my energy on fighting the good fight against the woke left rather than trying to guess my own metabolic state. With Lumen, you're not just getting advice, you're getting a health companion. You breathe into it before and after a workout or a meal and gain real time insights into how your body metabolically responds. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro to get 15% off your lumen device. That is LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase.


And then of course she dropped the line that she knows Donald Trump's type. 'cause she's a mean bad prosecutor. She's the kind of prosecutor who puts people in jail and, and definitely and definitely we'll put you in jail unless you happen to be, you know, a person who she believes should not be in jail for political purposes, then, then, then she'll let you out. She certainly won't seek the death penalty for people who kill cops or anything. There's a lot on Kamala Harris. All of it will come to light. Again, these are the early days folks. So if you are rooting for Donald Trump, then just understand it's gonna be a rough three weeks here and the race has not yet even begun. It has not. Here is Kamala Harris suggesting that she knows Donald Trump's type. Before I was elected vice president, before I was elected the United States Senator, I was elected Attorney General of the state of California.


And I was a courtroom prosecutor before then. And in those roles I took on perpetrators of all kinds predators, who abused women fraudsters, who ripped off consumers cheaters, who broke the rules for their own gain. So hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type. This prosecution line will see how that plays broadly wr over the course of the campaign.


However, there is no question that Kamala Harris is in fact a far leftist and what she's planning where should become president is far to the left of Joe Biden. If you've liked what you've gotten from Joe Biden thus far, triple it. If you get Kamala Harris as president, you are talking more inflationary policies, more spending more siding with America's enemies on the foreign stage. In fact, article from the Wall Street Journal today talking about what exactly she would do in terms of foreign policy. And I worry a lot about foreign policy from the president. The reason being that that's where the president has plenary power. When it comes to domestic policy. The president has to compete with Congress, has to contend with other interests in legislature. When it comes to foreign policy. The President has outsized impact, which is why Joe Biden has set the world on fire like a child playing with matches in a kerosene covered room.


According to the Wall Street Journal quote, as the administration's most ardent senior level advocate of securing ACS fire in Gaza, vice President Kamala Harris' elevation to the Democratic Party's standard bearer now puts her in a stronger position to advocate for a shift in US policy toward Israel and to carry out those changes should she win in November, evil Alder who served as NATO ambassadors during the Obama administration and is well connected with Biden and said quote, I think she'll be more inclined to find other ways to put pressure on Israel if the situation in Gaza does not dramatically improve. Now again, Hamas is still the governing power. In the Gaza Strip. Hamas just signed onto a unity agreement with the Palestinian authority to create a unity Palestinian government. And Harris is focused like a laser on Israel.


Apparently she's supposed to meet with Benjamin Netanyahu this week, but not she. She's not going to a speech, by the way, right? He's supposed to give a speech in Congress today and Kamala Harris is saying she won't attend. Now it's kinda normal for the president not to attend, but the vice president is the presiding officer, In the Senate. So when you have a joint session of Congress, the vice president typically attends. When Vladimir Zelensky spoke before Congress, for example, Kamala Harris was there. However, she's not showing up for this one and we all know why. 'cause she's trying to please the pro Hamas base In the Democratic Party. Just another reason why she's not not gonna pick someone like Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, because if she were to do that, it would piss off the pro Kama base in her own party.


What is she doing? She's going to a sorority conference in Indiana. Huge news. Meanwhile, the Senate President Pro temp pore is Democrat Senator Patty Murray of Washington. But she also says she's not going to attend because again, there are too many members of the Hamas caucus In the Democratic Party. In fact, there are 50 plus Democratic House members and Senate members who will not be attending Netanyahu's speech today. Whatever you think in Netanyahu, he's the head of an allied power in a time of war after the biggest terror attack on Jews since World War II and 50 house members and democratic senators are not showing up, including the vice president of the United States, as well as the Senate president pro tem.


Amazing stuff here from the Democratic Party. So that's what you're gonna get. She's apparently also going to get rid of everyone, In the Biden team and replace them with even people who are even further to the left on a wide variety of issues. According to the Wall Street Journal, key Biden appointees, including National Security Advisor, Jake Sullivan, secretary of State, Anthony Blinken and defense Secretary Lloyd Austin, wouldn't likely be extended in their current roles according to current and former officials. What does that mean? They'll be replaced by people who are even more unlikely to defend America's interests. That's where Kamala Harris is. Apparently Harris hasn't had an opportunity to define her own brand of foreign policy, but observer say she might ultimately align herself more closely with the progressive elements of the Democratic party.


So if you like the Hamas caucus in power, then get ready for President Kamala Harris. That is the direction that she's moving. And on domestic policy, you know exactly what she's going to do. She's going to reorder all of American government in order to racially discriminate on the basis of group identity. How do we know this? Because she literally put out a tweet saying so in November of 2021, largely ignored, except in right wing circles. But this is Kamala Harris's governing philosophy in one video. This is a video she put out in November 1st, 2020, explaining the differences between equality and equity. Equality would be, for example, the same rules apply to everyone. Equity would be an attempt to achieve the same result. IE communism. I mean, there's really not another great descriptor of this particular ideology except that it's sort of racial communism.


Here is Kamala Harris' video, a video put out at least by Kamala Harris, November 1st, 2020, and this will be her domestic policy governing strategy. So there's a big difference between equality and equity. Equality suggests, oh, everyone should get the same amount. The problem with that, not everybody's starting out from the same place. So if we're all getting the same amount, but you started out back there and I started out over here, We can get the same amount, but you still gonna be that far back behind me. It's about giving people the resources and the support they need so that everyone can be on equal footing and then compete on equal footing.


Equitable treatment means we all end up at the same place. And then there's just be a picture of Carl Marx In the Stars there. I mean that, that, that is an amazing video. Equitable treatment means we all end up at the same place. Not that we all have similar opportunities or that the rules equally apply to us, but that we all end up at the same place. That's Kamala Harris' governing philosophy. So get ready. If you don't like Joe Biden's administration, if you're a moderate and you're looking at Kamala Harris and you think she's moderate, she's lying to you. Do not believe it for one heartbeat. It is not true at all. She's a deeply radical politician.


She's a California progressive. She's to the left of Gavin Newsom. Anybody who's selling you differently is selling you something and Kamala Harris is certainly attempting to sell you something. So what are Democrats doing too? Misdirect away from her policies. They're suggesting, of course, of course, of course. That if you oppose Kamala Harris' radicalism, it's because you're wait for it. Wait for it. Sexist and racist playing the you are a racist game is all they've got. This is why we are excited to bring two theaters, September 13th, Matt Walsh's brand new film. It's a, it's something we've never done anything like, I mean he is fully undercover in this film. It is called Mi Racist in which he deconstruct the diversity, equity and inclusion regime in which he breaks down.


The argument In the left, that anything that they oppose is racism and in which they target everybody white as inherently racist. Here's the trailer. This is from the, from the Twisted Mind of Matt Walsh. Mi racist available in theaters we're our first movie that we're actually releasing full scale in theaters September 13th. Let's be clear what's happening in this country. It's Nazism. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up In the nineties, I never thought much about race. Sure you noticed, but never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me being a white, straight, cisgender man. It's the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. That's me.


Am I racist? I Would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. Can You please leave? I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. If I wanna be an ally, I need to look like one. What is racism? Martin Luther King said not to judge people by the Martin Luther King said a lot of stuff. Is America inherently racist? What the hell is that? The Word inherent is challenging there. America is racist to its bones. All Of the So inherently, Yeah, the entire system has to burn. And I'm not gonna even use save this country. This country's not worth saving. This country is a piece of shit.


Oh, sorry. Sorry. They gonna say I'm racist. Joining Us now is match certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. Where are you guys on your anti-racist journeys? So look around the room and point to who we believe is the most racist person. In the room. We wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. Would you mind signing it? You will. What do you think about this issue of heteronormativity and how it intersects with the broader structures of racism in society? Oh, They gonna say I'm racist. What's Up with white people? What are you doing to decenter your whiteness? Who's making it the center?


Why are they doing that? And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. White folks, trash White supremacy. White woman, white boy, white entitlement, white centering, white silence. Is There a black person around here, a black person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Racist. Hi Robin. Hi. And what's your name? I'm Matt. Matt. Hi Matt. Nice to meet you. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say you racist. That is in fact Robin D'Angelo, the author of White Fragility Solid stuff there for Matt.


You're only gonna be able to see that in theaters September 13th. So go check that out.


Also, today is the final day to get 47% off your Daily Wire plus annual membership. Like today, last day, there's never been a more crucial time to join. Joe Biden is out. Once again, the left's new choice is part of the problem, not the solution. You won't hear that from the legacy media. That's why we exist. To cut through the noise and nonsense and bring you the truth. We're fighting the left. We're building the future. We need you In the fight with us every day today. Only go to Daily Wire dot com. Use code, fight for a 47% off deal for your annual membership.


Well, what is the democratic response going to be to the fact that Kamala Harris is in fact a wild leftist? They're going to suggest that the only reason you're attacking her is 'cause she's black and a woman. I, I think this attack line is played out. I don't think that it has a lot to support it at this point, but it is the Democrat's favorite line of defense. You attack somebody because of their policies and they claim that you're doing it because of their identity. Here, for example, is the Mourning Joe team suggesting that it's racist to call Kamala Harris. A DEI hire Now again, it it's this dumb game that Democrats are constantly playing where a Democrat will say, I want a black woman for this job. And then she's appointed and then we point out, Hey, you wanted a black woman for the job. I'm like, Hey, that's racist.


And we're like, what's racist? They're like, well, it's, it's racist to point out that that you, that she's a black woman. Like, but, but you literally said you wanted a black woman for the job. As I've said before, this is the world's dumbest version of who's on first. Here we go. They're now accusing you of being a racist for noticing that Joe Biden picked Kamala Harris because of her race and her sex Republican congressman Tim Burett of Tennessee complaining about Vice President Kamala Harris being, Is it 1951? Is it 1951? I'm so embarra. Was He about to go into like a country club in like rural Tennessee there like in 1951? Is he serious? If you, you are a black woman, then you're a DEI hire Unbelievable.


I mean, I guess they tired of lying about the President's health condition and now they're just going to lie that people only oppose Kamala Harris. Not 'cause she's a terrible candidate who is wildly radical, but because she's a black woman representative Steve Hosford of Nevada, he also says it's so offensive. It's so offensive to point out, you know, that Joe Biden picked her because of her race. He literally said it. I didn't say it. He said it. don don't know what you want. Everyone knows that the last finalist for the VP position in 2020, where a black woman, Susan Rice, a black woman, Karen Bass, a black woman, Val Demings, and a black woman, Kamala Harris, everyone knew this. This was not like a giant secret political reported it, but now if you read old headlines, suddenly a racist. That's the way this works.


It's the most offensive thing that I have heard someone say. She is the vice president of the United States. She is the most qualified person to be our nominee. She will beat Donald Trump. Okay. All right. So this, this is gonna be the shtick. Okay? I mean, good luck with that. I suppose for his part. Donald Trump is saying that he really, really wants to debate Kamala Harris and that there will be multiple debates with Kamala Harris. We'll discuss the optics of how that goes in a moment here. Here's President Trump. If Kamala Harris does end up being the Democrat nominee, will you commit to debating her at least one time?


Oh yes, absolutely. I'd want to. I think it's important. I'm not thrilled about A, B, C because they're truly fake news. I watched last night, they're actually trying to make a hero out of Joe Biden when he was the worst president in history. Okay, again, I think that Trump is obviously gonna have to debate her. How does that debate go? Well, I think people are underestimating how well Kamala Harris could do In, the debate, if you recall the early debates, she did pretty well in those, and really all she has to do is not fall over again. What what's weird about this particular scenario is that the expectation bar has been set so low for a Democrat that all she has to do is not be Joe Biden. That's basically the Democrat's proposition.


The proposition is if we run anyone who is not a dead person named Joe Biden, that person will win. The question is In the public mind, In the lead up to a debate between Harris and Trump. Is there gonna be an expectation that Harris will clock Trump, or is there gonna be an expectation that all Harris has to do is basically survive Trump? If the expectation is that Harris is going to clock Trump, then it's possible that she could underperform those expectations. And really all it takes is one Kamala Harris word salad for Trump to finish her. As I've said before, I think Trump needs to repurpose the line that he used against Joe Biden. And when she says some sort of, and there's real significance to the passage of time, I think he needs at that point to hit her with, I have no idea what she just said at the end of that sentence.


And frankly, neither does she, and he needs to just repurpose what he said about Biden and use it for her because she's just as incoherent, but doesn't have the brain damage. So how could that, that that debate could go like that? The thing that Trump has to do more than anything else, as I said earlier, discipline, discipline, discipline. And that means Democrats are waiting, they're waiting for him to make some sort of comment about her being female or about her being black. That is what they're waiting for. Not that he's gonna say anything sexist or racist, but if he even mentions that Joe Biden picked her because she was a black woman, which again is true if he says that they're gonna hit him with the Donald Trump is as racist as they, how could he? It's just so terrible. He's gonna have to stay away from the kind of storyline that Donald Trump typically likes to talk about, which is the fact that she got her start in politics by having sex with Willie Brown, which is true.


Again, that is clearly the case. There's not even a denial of it in any real sort of sense. But if Donald Trump mentions that it's gonna be, well, you're a sexist and you treat women terribly, and how could you possibly, so Donald Trump is going to have to stay away from that house. GOP leaders are also directing their members not to go after Kamala Harris on that basis. According to Politico House, Republican leaders told lawmakers to focus on criticizing President, vice President Kamala Harris's record without reference to race and gender following caustic remarks from some Republicans attacking her on the basis of identity. Now again, it's all a sucker's game because the Democrats literally named her identity as one of the driving rationales for making her vice president. But you're not allowed to mention it.


Okay, fine. Well, if those are the rules, then I suppose that it would be smart to play by the rules sufficient to win In. the 48 hours since President Joe Biden dropped outta the presidential race, Republican leaders have tried to train their criticism of the presumptive democratic nominee on her handling of the border and her plan to skip Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech before Congress. By the way, it would be a smart look for Senator JD Vance to come off the campaign trail for a day and go to that speech in Congress. Not be, I mean, right now he's a senator like everybody else, but Kamala Harris has a literal obligation or by, by the sort of decorum of the chamber to be there, and she's not. So JD Vance showing up would in fact show signs of solidarity with an American ally that Kamala Harris is clearly undercutting.


So Republicans gonna have to play this one smart, as I've said over and over and over again. Now, who exactly is she gonna pick for a vp? There's been a lot of talk about Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro. However, I think that it is unlikely because that, that she picks him, and I think it's unlikely because again, she wants to project a le a left wing viewpoint to her supporters. Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona has been trotted out a lot, former Navy combat pilot and NASA astronaut. He ran for the Senate in 2020 after being appointed at Senator. He won again in 2022. The the case for Kelly is that he's again from a swing state. The basic idea here would be that she makes Arizona more competitive. Let's talk about North Carolina.


Governor Roy Cooper, if she wants to make a play for North Carolina. I've heard some inside information that North Carolina is running surprisingly weak for President Trump, so that wouldn't be a big surprise. Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear has also been discussed because again, he's a Red State governor who is a very, very blue governor. But shear's debut on the national stage was not particularly encouraging. There's been some talk about Minnesota Governor Tim Walls. I think that's highly unlikely. Tim Walls has presided over a state that has burst into flame multiple times on his watch. Illinois Governor JB Pritzker Pritzker is also Jewish. I think that that is probably going to prevent him from being the nominee. And there's been talk about Gretchen Whitmer who's already said that she doesn't want it, and an all female ticket probably hurts her. So if you have to put money on it right now, you'd probably say Mark Kelly from Arizona is the front runner for the VP nod from Vice President Kamala Harris.


Meanwhile, as we've mentioned a bunch of times already, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is going to Congress today. He's giving a speech to a joint session of Congress. The Biden administration didn't meet him at the airport because again, the, the Democrats just do not like Israel for some odd reason, and I think I know the reason. It's they, they apply their theory of intersectional politics, of victim victimizer narratives to the Middle East as well. And as it turns out, In the Middle East, anybody who's successful is apparently an oppressor. Anybody who's unsuccessful is the oppressed, and they're applying that matrix to the Israelis and the Palestinians, despite the fact that it is in fact the Palestinians who have been engaged in a deep and abiding belief in terrorism as the method of Extirpating Israel and wiping it off the map.


Joe Biden is supposed to meet with Bibi Netanyahu on Thursday. Kamala Harris is supposed to meet with Benjamin Netanyahu Thursday night, I believe, and then he's flying down to Florida to meet with President Trump at Mar-a-Lago. So what exactly is he expected to do today? According to sources close to Benjamin Netanyahu, this is the Jerusalem Post reporting. The speech will certainly address Israel's aspiration for regional peace, emphasizing the desire to reach a historic agreement with Saudi Arabia and thereby expand the Abraham Accords. Additionally, Netanyahu plans to highlight Iran's involvement in Hamas' attack on Israel on October 7th, as well as the hostile activities of various regional actors who are effectively Iran's proxies threatening the state of Israel. Apparently, Democrats were very worried that he was gonna come in and be critical of the Biden administration in slow walking aid, for example, or that he'd say something super controversial and he is yet to be seen with the final draft of the speech looks like.


However, as we say, it is very clear at this point that Democrats, because so much of their base hates merit, like truly hates the meritocracy and then applies that model to the Middle East. Because of that, they're avoiding Netanyahu. According to Politico, Netanyahu has had very little to do in Washington during his visit so far. Some aids on both sides of the aisle needed to be reminded. The leader was even in town because of the mind-boggling news cycle. Netanya hasn't really been able to get the traction in airtime they would've expected outside the Watergate Hotel. A political reporter noticed two rings of fences put up, drones buzzing over overhead, a mass redirection of traffic, multiple security checkpoints and closed roads according to post on excess spattering of pro-Palestinian protestors gathered outside the Watergate complex on Tuesday, calling for Netanyahu's arrest.


Again, Biden is going to meet with Netanyahu on Thursday, unclear exactly when Kamala Harris is going to meet with him, but he is going to meet with Donald Trump on Friday as well. Republicans are brainstorming how they would show support for Netanyahu. Senator Chris Van Holland said he won't attend the address either, so Patty Murray won't, Chris Van Holland won't. A bunch of top level Democrats are gonna boycott the speech because again, they hate Netanyahu and they're pretending that Netanyahu rather than Hamas is the obstacle to peace. Despite the fact that even the Biden administration has acknowledged at this point that Hamas has not accepted a hostage deal acceptable to Israel. By the way, Hamas is a terror group currently holding hostages. Nonetheless, you had the radical pro Hamas crowd that somehow got into the Capitol building. I mean, that's weird, isn't it?


I was informed that takeovers like this illegal protest like this, I, I thought that that was, you know, a threat to the republic, a dire and abiding threat to the republic. But apparently security just lets everybody in with their red shirts and their, and they're protesting and trespass, and then they were briefly arrested and then released on like a $50 bail or something. Here is, here's the scene inside the Capitol yesterday. Pathetic. These pathetic people, and of course it, it is a bunch of liberal quasi Jews.


I say quasi Jews 'cause they have nothing to do with Judaism. They don't practice Judaism, they don't care about Judaism, they don't care about the Bible, they don't care about Israel. They, they are the typical hashtag as a Jew where they pull out the Jew card only so that they can yell at other Jews, and particularly at Israel. That is, that is their favorite thing to do on the part of the speaker. The speaker has now made clear that there will be an increased police presence around the Capitol complex and the house chamber. He also said all members should kindly inform their guests. Any disruption of the proceedings of the house is a violation of the rules and may subject the offenders to prosecution. Meanwhile, Rashida Taleb, of course, who is a pro, I mean you wanna talk about like the leader of the Hama squad. She tweeted out naan now who's a war criminal committing genocide against the Palestinian people.


This is just the biggest stupid lie. Oh my God, it's so stupid. Genocide. Israel has complete air superiority. If Israel wanted to kill hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, it certainly has the raw power to do so. Not only is it not doing so, it is sending Israeli soldiers into harm's way going door by door in one of the most heavily populated urban areas on planet earth. All Kamas has to do is surrender, but Rashida doesn't want them to surrender because she likes Kamas. She says it is utterly disgraceful. Leaders from both parties have invited him to address Congress. He should be arrested and send to the international criminal court another joke of an organization to which the United States is not even party. So we'll keep you updated on the speech from Benjamin and Netanyahu as it goes forward. Before we get into the members only portion of the show, gotta let you know we will be going live tonight.


8:00 PM Eastern covering Joe Biden's first appearance Since dropping out of the race, supposedly it's supposed to be a big speech all coming up. We'll be getting into the resignation of the head of the Secret Service. Another act of heroism. Since Democrats are apparently heroes when they don't do their job and then resign. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click the link, In the description, and join us.


Your God-Given freedoms are under threat and your elected officials who have sworn to defend that freedom, then we know they can't really be trusted. They think they can violate your right to protect your family and force their delusions onto your kids. But here's the thing they cannot take away. Self-reliance and peace of mind. Equip yourself for anything with emergency items like water filtration and charged solar generation and long lasting food on your shelf. For My, Patriot Supply, having served millions of American families, My Patriot Supply is the most trusted name in survival. Go to prepare with ben.com right now, save 200 bucks on their bestselling three month emergency food kit. The price is never gonna be this low again. It delivers over 2000 calories per day, sealed inside practically uncurable packaging. It lasts up to 25 years in storage and it's delicious. Go to prepare with ben.com. Save 200 bucks per kit, free shipping included. Prepare with ben.com. Listen, the reality is all over the United States, there are natural disasters happening at any time, and that means there might be problems with supply lines. It might mean that you can't actually get to the grocery store at all. Prepare with ben.com today. Save 200 bucks per kit, put it in your closet, forget about it until you need it. Free shipping included. Prepare with ben.com to protect your family today. Again, that's prepare with ben.com. Save $200 off per kit.