
Well folks, I'm not yet tired of the winning President Trump is sprinting out of the gate. America's golden Age is just getting started. Be here with us for every moment. There's never been a better time to join Daily Wire Plus Use Code 47 right now for 47% off your new annual membership.


Well, president Trump's approval rating currently stands at 47%. That is the highest approval rating that President Trump has ever had, including during his first term. Many of his policies are wildly popular, like for example, saying that there are only two sexes. Turns out that's like an 80 20 proposition in the United States of America. Further, 58% of respondents to a Reuters Ipsos poll agreed with the statement the United States could, should quote dramatically reduce the number of migrants allowed to claim asylum at the border. And these are big numbers for President Trump. The less popular items on, on his agenda includes some of the pardons that he's issuing, but he's burying that in all of the popular policies. And by the way, the stock market is the new to all time high.


The s and p 500 is at a record high three days since President Trump took office. Here is CNBC reporting yesterday, And it's all about 6,100 on the s and p 500. We have a new high. It's, and, and look, it's been, it's been a really good week in terms of yields coming down in terms of earnings. And then you've got this announcement surrounding Stargate and the effect that you're seeing here, not just on the AI names that we already know, but it's really, it's expanding beyond that. It's expanding into networking. It's expanding into connectors. One of the names that I own is t connectivity, ticket symbol, TEL. That's up nicely today on the back of this. So this is positive.


This, this is about spending and supporting the infrastructure, the infrastructure of artificial intelligence. Look at These moves. I mean, are these moves? It goes Beyond these, these Moves. Sorry to interrupt you here. I mean, are these moves astounding to you, Oracle best two day move in three years, or can we show, let's cycle through these again. I mean, I saw Arista was up a lot today. There's Palant here up 4.5%. Dell technology's up five. A lot of stocks that we've been talking about more lately. 'cause you own a lot of them are just ripping today. But Why? Because innovation is back. Because entrepreneurship is back. 'cause the founder mentality is back and the left does not know what to do.


The fact that there are two controversies over the past 48 hours have been a fake controversy surrounding Elon Musk not doing an Nazi salute and a bizarre left wing bishop at the Episcopal church, who apparently allegedly lived at one point with both her boyfriend and his girlfriend. At one point this person decided to lecture the presidents of the United States at the National Prayer Service about transgender children and why he should stop deporting illegal immigrants. President Trump did respond. The so-called Bishop who spoke at the National Prayer Service on Tuesday morning was a radical left hardline Trump hater. She brought her church into a world of politics in a very ungracious way. She was nasty in tone and not compelling or smart.


She failed to mention the large number of illegal migrants that came into our country and killed people. Many were deposited from jails and mental institutions is a giant crime wave that is taking place in the United States. Apart from your inappropriate statements, the service was a very boring and uninspiring one. She is not very good at her job. Fact check. True. She and her church owe the public an apology that I'm, I'm sorry that that's solid stuff there from the presidents of the United States. He was asked a couple of days ago about this leaving the National Prayer Service. Somebody shouted a question at him and here was President Trump's response. Mr. President, what did you think of the sermon? What did you think of the service?


What you think of the, what did you think of the service? What did you think? Did you like it? Did you find it exciting? Not too exciting, was it? I didn't think it was a good service. No. Thank you very much. Thank you. Press thank you much. They can do much better. And by the way, whomever decided inside the administration to subjected Donald Trump to that is like that person should definitely be on the out. I will say that the footage, as I said at the time of JD Vance, doing Jim from the office, like one, one of the best vibes of this administration is J d's Jim from the Office vibe. And it's constant, the constant reaction shots that you saw during his debates with Tim Walls, the reaction shots that you get when he is being lectured about transgendered children where he looks like he just can't even believe what's happening.


It it is, it is a pretty wonderful thing. Well, now the left has decided to turn Bishop Marianne buddy, who apparently is this, this no-name Bishop who decided to lecture the president and vice president into a resistance hero. It's time for a new resistance hero. How exciting. Well, Bishop Buddy was on with Aaron Burnett and, and decided to talk about her religious precepts, which include apparently Transing the Children. I agree with you. It was a very, it was a very muted response. I, I wasn't expecting. I I keep my expectations low whenever I preach, Erin. I don't, and I don't always, I can't always measure impact by body language or even what people say afterwards.


And so yeah, I have to let all of that go. I speak from what I believe I've been given to say and, and and let it go from there. But I actually, it was, it was, it was a respectful response. He didn't like it. He said, so he said we could do better. Some of the other comments I've received haven't been as kind or has been as, as muted, shall we say. And one of the things I was trying to get across is that we can actually have these conversations in a respectful way. Yeah. Well, she did not have their conversation in a respectful way. She hijacked a national prayer service to throw a bunch of politics in there. She then appeared on the view because again, time for new resistant, if this is the best you guys can bring, if Marianne Edgar buddy is your resistance hero, guys, you're gonna have to do better than this.


I mean, how could it not be politicized? Right? We're in a hyper political climate. One of the things I I caution about is the culture of contempt in which we live that immediately rushes to the worst possible interpretations of what people are saying. And to put them in categories such as the ones you've just described. That's part of the air we breathe now. And I was trying to speak a truth that I felt needed to be said, but to do it in as, as respectful and kind a way as I could. It was neither respectful nor kind of course the, the media, of course are already arraying against President Trump. It's not helping their ratings.


By the way, I, I think one of the sort of going theories about media is that left-wing media thrive when there is a right winger in office. That might've been true during Trump one. I do not think that's going to be true during Trump two. 'cause it's just boring. You know exactly what they're gonna say before they say it. It's tiring and it's annoying and it's boring. Listening to CNN hosts gush over a decline in inauguration ratings. I'm sorry, this is not going to bring CNN's ratings back. They're firing by the way, hundreds of people this week because they just have no ratings at all. They have no ratings, no revenue, nothing On the subject of backwards. Looking at past grievances, some of the television ratings for the inauguration have come out. Fewer people watched than watched when President Biden was inaugurated four years ago.


Fewer people watched than when Donald Trump was inaugurated the first time eight years ago. Now part of this might be, you know, shifting television audiences, but it's a significant drop off there. How do you think President Trump feels about that? You've been in the White House for some of these discussions about viewers and ratings and numbers. I have a feeling he's gonna push back and say the streaming numbers were there and it was the most watched inauguration in history. But listen, we live in a deeply polarized country. Half the country is thrilled that Donald Trump is back in the White House and the other is exhausted and didn't wanna tune in. And that's what the next four years is gonna underscore. Okay, But let me just point out, the streaming numbers actually were through the roof. I mean, we know our streaming numbers at Daily Wire and they were extraordinary. It was easily the highest rated thing that we've ever done. So there's that.


Okay, but here's the reality. While they are busy covering the distractions of the Trump administration, things are actually getting done. So yesterday the White House issued an order that all federal employees and DEI roles be placed, placed on paid leave by 5:00 PM on Wednesday. They're shutting down according to the Office of Personnel Management, every single DEI office across the entirety of the federal government. According to this new memorandum, they're taking steps to close agency, DEIA offices. Each should take prompt actions regarding the offices and agency subunits focused exclusively on DEI.


Specifically, agency heads should no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Time, Wednesday, January 22nd, 2025, send an agency wide notice to employees informing them of the closure and asking employees if they know of any efforts to disguise these programs by using encoded or imprecise language. A template agency-wide notice is attached as appendix one. So in other words, also let us know if you guys are gonna try and hide your DEI employees under another rubric. Trump 2.0 is smarter than Trump 1.0. They know the tricks that are going to be played and they are pursuing those tricks all the way down the rabbit hole. They're going to stop it. They already drafted a template email saying that pay and benefits were going to be paid during paid leave.


That these jobs basically were gonna be sunsetted. This is a massive change. The White House put a statement out at the time suggesting, quote, the Biden administration forced illegal and immoral discrimination programs going by the name, diversity, equity, and inclusion into virtually all aspects of the federal government and areas ranging from airline safety to the military. This is a concerted effort stemming from President Biden's first day in office when he issued executive order 1 3 9 5 8, advancing racial equity and support for underserved communities through the federal government pursuant to executive order 1 3 9 5 8 and follow on orders. Nearly every federal agency and entity submitted equity action planned. The public release of these plans demonstrated immense public waste and shameful discrimination that ends today.


Americans deserve a government committed to serving every person with equal dignity and respect, and to expanding precious taxpayer resources only on making America great. This is excellent. This is huge. DEI is being killed by the Trump administration.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


The brand new FCC chair Brendan Carr, who is an excellent, excellent pick by the president of the United States. He of course is on the FCC. He's been elevated to the FCC chair and I know the chair, he's a truly moral person who believes the right things here. He was pointing out that his agency had been spending millions of dollars on DEI For the patriotic Americans. They feel like this sense of decline, the sense of malaise that's taken over the country over the last four years is ending. And the way President Trump is doing it is going right to the source of that decline and he is getting rid of it. Root and branch and DEI is part of it. To your point, people would be shocked if they learned how much DEI had been embedded in agencies at the FCC alone.


We were spending millions and millions of dollars promoting it thanks to President Trump's leadership. That's ending. And we're getting things turned around focusing on our core mission of actually just connecting Americans. Yeah, there is a sort of international conservatism that is rising and that international conservatism, yeah, again, it's being imitated everywhere. It includes Brendan Carr citing my favorite modern politician, Javier Mele from Argentina when he says, if you're not on board with killing DEI Afuera, get outta here. Look, anybody that is not on board with the agenda that we're gonna be running, I have just one thing to say to them, which is Afuera, you know, we gotta move on. This is President Trump's administration.


The administration's gonna follow his lead. And from my part at the FCC, we wanna make sure that we get to the core mission. So that's, you know, reigning in big tech. It's gonna be taking a look at media and making sure they live up to their public interest obligation. It's getting our economy going through new actions on space so we can get going there. And it's promoting national security. That's the agenda that I'm gonna be running at the FCC. And thankfully we have a lot of actually really talented dedicated career staff there and I'm confident that we're gonna execute on that agenda. By the way, this includes doing most obvious things like, for example, stop it with the DEI when it comes to the Federal Aviation Administration. When you have a pilot, you do not care whether the pilot is white, black, green, brown, male, female.


What you care about is whether the plane gets where it's supposed to go in the safest possible way. The notion that you are hiring pilots based on their intersectional credentials is one of the dumbest things anyone has ever pursued. And the White House has now put out an executive order on this quote, illegal and discriminatory DEI hiring, including on the basis of race, sex, and disability, or any other criteria other than the safety of airline passengers and overall job excellence. Competency and qualification harms all Americans who deserve to fly with confidence. It also penalizes hardworking Americans who want to serve in the FAA, but are unable to do so as they lack a requisite disability or skin color. FAA employees must hold the qualifications and have the ability to perform their jobs to the highest possible standard of excellence.


This is obviously really, really good. The biggest action that was taken by President Trump yesterday was his move to destroy executive order. 1 1 2, 4, 6. Executive order. 1 1 2, 4 6 was an executive order that was originally signed by Lyndon b Johnson in 1965. And it required, it required Affirmative Action. In fact, it prohibited federal contractors and federally assisted construction contractors and subcontractors who do over $10,000 in government business in one year from discriminating and employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, which sounds fine, right? No discrimination. If you are going to contract with the federal government, there's only one problem.


It required contractors to discriminate, to quote, take Affirmative Action to ensure that applicants are employed and then employees are treated during employment without regard to their race, creed, color, or national origin. That Affirmative Action means racial discrimination. It means not anti-discrimination, but yes, discrimination. Trump has now rescinded that executive order. Okay? That that eo, that L-B-J-E-O was notorious. It was notorious for having crammed Affirmative Action throughout the federal government. President Trump killed it dead. The stuff that Trump is doing in the first three days alone is astonishing, truly astonishing. Meanwhile, when it comes to immigration, president Trump is moving.


This was his key promise since 2015, and he's not letting up. According to the Associated Press, the Pentagon set on Wednesday, it has begun deploying 1,500 active duty troops to help secure the southern border, putting in motion plans up. President Trump laid out an executive order shortly after he took office to crack down an immigration acting defense. Secretary Robert Essis said The troops will fly helicopters to assist border patrol agents and help in the construction of barriers. The Pentagon is also going to provide military aircraft for DHS deportation flights for more than 5,000 detained migrants. No more of this. We hold people and then we just release them into the interior. That is done. S said in a statement quote, this is just at the beginning in short order, he said, the department will develop and execute additional missions in cooperation with DHS, federal agencies and state partners to address the full range of threats outlined by the president at our nation's border.


By the way, the department is preparing right now to send 2000 more Marines to the border to help enforce the border and President Trump his team. They take this very, very seriously. Not only that, the DOJ has been instructed that if local officials actually obstruct the working of immigration law, they should be prosecuted. In the memo acting Deputy Attorney General Emil, both Trump's former defense attorney, outlines interim decisions and policy changes pending the confirmation of Trump's US attorney general nominee, Pam Bondi. He said that changes are necessary as an initial response regarding three of the most serious threats facing the American people. Those threats are cartels and other transnational criminal organizations like for example, GRA and MS 13.


The memo added that the second threat is how brutal and intolerable violent crime by members of those organizations and illegal aliens is escalating rapidly. And the third threat is how fentanyl crisis and opioid epidemic are poisoning our communities. He said the Justice Department must work to eradicate those threats and that means that they're not going to simply allow local authorities to obstruct what it is that they are doing. Both reiterated in this memo to the DOJ quote, federal law prohibits state and local actors from resisting, obstructing and otherwise failing to comply with lawful immigration related commands. So if you are a local politician who is seeking to impede the workings of ICE or border patrol, prepare to find yourself in the dock. That is what the DOJ is saying.


And they're correct to do so because if the plenary power of the federal government includes immigration, that means you can't obstruct it. That's not the way that it works. Perhaps the most hilarious headline of the day comes courtesy of the New York Times and it is on this specific issue. The New York Times has an article today all about the drug cartels. And what the New York Times is saying is that it is bad for the Trump administration to label them terrorists. Here's the headline from the New York Times Ready quote, how labeling cartels terrorists could hurt the US economy. Are you out of your mind? Are you out of your mind? How will hurt the US economy? I'm sorry.


They're killing people on both sides of the border on mass. They basically control the Mexican government. They've been shipping tons of fentanyl over the border, which is killing hundreds of thousands of Americans. And it might hurt the economy to call 'em terrorists. The New York Times suggests that it could be bad because it could force some American companies to forego doing business in Mexico rather than risk American sanctions. Why? Well, because Mexico is basically terror run. So their their claim is that if the drug cartels are working with the Mexican government, that people can't work with the Mexican government anymore or the federal government's gonna prosecute them. Well, maybe the solution for that for the Mexican government would be to disentangle themselves from the drug cartels. Perhaps that would be the solution.


According to the New York Times, these criminal organizations are now embedded in a wide swath of the legal economy from avocado farming to the country's billion dollar tourism industry, making it hard to be absolutely sure American companies are isolated from cartel activities. Now, again, I highly doubt the Trump administration is looking to shut down hotels in Mexico because they're part owned by cartel members. However, it seems to me the more pressing issue is that the entire border on the Mexican side and on parts of the American side is controlled by Mexican drug cartels. Now meanwhile, by the way, secretary of State Rubio, who is unanimously confirmed by the Senate on Monday night and sworn in on Tuesday morning, he is pausing refugee operations and he is ramping up visa vetting according to Fox News, immediately after becoming the next secretary Rubio directed the Department of State to halt refugee resettlement programs.


Instead, he ordered the department to implement enhanced vetting for visa applications from dangerous regions. Which by the way, seems like it would be a really good idea because it turns out that a refugee from Morocco, or at least a person from Morocco who's on an American visa, went on a stabbing attack in Tel Aviv the other day. The person got into Israel by first going to the United States, having a visa and then traveling to Israel to stab four people, including one with a serious condition, with a knife wound to the neck. The attacker was shot dead at that point. Again, this person basically got in because this person was in America first.


So yes, we should be vetting everybody who's claiming refugee status getting into the United States at this point, there are just too many people with quote unquote refugee status and we have no idea who they are. And they may have terrorist affiliations.


Are You looking for a better quality meat? Good ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code Daily Wire, good ranchers, American meat delivered.


Meanwhile, Tom Holman, the borders are and bulldog, he said that in the first 48 hours, there are about 700 plus total apprehensions. Look, the greatest president in my lifetime, he's back. 'cause in two days, the last 24 hours total apprehensions on the southwest border, 766, compare that to the 10 to 12,000. Biden had at one time C-B-P-C-B-P one releases zero CHNV. Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Venezuela releases zero total of 766 across the entire southwest border. That is a game changer. Well, I mean, he ain't wrong. He also pointed out, hey guys, a secure border saves lives.


This is all such common sense. You know, Trump ran on common sense, his inaugural speech focused on common sense. This is just common sense. I wanna save lives. Secure borders saves lives. And when President Trump locks this border down, less women and children be sex trafficking in this country, less aliens would die making that journey under President Biden. We've had a record number of people die across that border, 600% increase in sex trafficking. And look at the quarter million young Americans dead from Fentanyl. We secured a border. The fentanyl death has decreased, sex trafficking has decreased, deaths on the border decreased. So it's just about saving lives, secure borders saved lives. And plus, look, you can't have strong national security if you don't have border security.


That's right. We need to know who's coming in, what's coming in, where's coming in, why he's coming in. So again, president Trump game changer already made a significant difference on that border. This country's already safer Tom because of President Trump. He ain't wrong about that either. He, by the way, did shock CNN's state of ash because she asked him whether people who are non-criminals might be deported. And he's like, well, I mean they crossed the border illegally. So the answer is yes. What is happening as we speak is limited to those with criminal records. That's a target of this operation. But like I said, many times in places like sanctuary cities where we can't arrest a bad person in the jail, we would like to have access to the jail to arrest a criminal alien in the safety and security of a county jail, which is safer for the community, safer for the officers, safer for the alien.


But when you release a public safety threat outta a sanctuary jail and won't give us access to 'em, that means we gotta go to the neighborhood and find him and we will find him. But when we find him, he may be with others, others that don't have a criminal conviction but are in the country legally they will be arrested too because we're not gonna strike. And this is a difference between the last administration and this administration. ICE is gonna enforce the immigration law. There's nothing in the INA and Immigration Nationality Act says you gotta be convicted of a serious crime in order to be removed from this country. So there's, there's gonna be more collateral arrests in sanctuary cities because, because they forced us to go in into community and find and find the guy we're looking for. Let me just make sure that I understand what you're saying because at first you said that the first targets are those with criminal records.


But you are also saying that those who are undocumented in the US also who don't have criminal records, people who are working in their communities, maybe even have spouses who are American citizens, they could be swept up with ICE today as well. What I'm telling you is when we go find our priority tiger, which is a criminal alien, if he's with others in the United States illegally, we're gonna take enforcement action against him. We're going to force immigration law. Again, this is such common sense and the fact that she's shocked by this is really the shocking thing. Well, meanwhile, president Trump isn't just moving on immigration, he is also moving on infrastructure. So a couple days ago, president Trump announced that there'd be a massive investment in AI databases.


This is the infrastructure that is necessary in order to power ai. So AI relies on crunching extraordinary amounts of data when chat GPT takes in what you are asking it, and then it pumps out an answer. It is analyzing pretty much everything it can get its hands on. You're talking about essentially the entire publicly available internet and then it is predicting the most likely response that you're looking for based on your question. It's doing so via keywords. ES essentially, that's a very, very short and dirty version of how AI works. Okay? What that means is that the amount of data that goes into one of those answers is huge. The amount of energy that it takes to crunch that data is huge. AI databases require a few things.


They require one, a country or a place that has an energy surplus because they're very, very energy intensive. Two, they require actual AI knowhow. You can't just build it in a place where people don't know about it. Not a random person can build an AI database or any database for that matter. And three, they do require climate that is somewhat friendly because they expend extraordinary amounts of heat. And while the United States has been generally a little bit underpowered in this area, China is leading the way when it comes to the development of a lot of these AI capabilities. The United States must lead the way because these capabilities are going to be scarily effective. Not only doing things like curing diseases, but also doing everything from booking your vacations for you to helping you do the most basic tasks in your life.


The power of AI is, I think, if anything underrated at this point, it is a sea change. It is the equivalent of how the internet changed the world. But more so, I mean, honestly like the, the, the best thing that you can probably say about AI in terms of an analogy is the industrial revolution. Just in the terms of the massive society wide changes that are about to occur that most people aren't thinking about. And that requires, again, enormous expenditure of resources to keep that sort of stuff at home. Well here's President Trump announcing a $500 billion investment in precisely this sort of infrastructure Together, these world-leading technology giants are announcing the formation of Stargate.


So put that name down in your books 'cause I think you're gonna hear a lot about it in the future. A new American company that will invest $500 billion, at least in AI infrastructure in the United States and Mo, and very, very quickly moving, very rapidly, creating over 100,000 American jobs almost immediately. Yeah, again, that's a big announcement again, because AI is going to do, now it doesn't mean AI isn't scary, it doesn't mean that there aren't gonna be some severe dislocations because of changes in the market. There's always happens when a new technology comes about, particularly one that effectively makes everyone very smart. That's what AI does. If the Industrial Revolution made it so that everyone weak and strong had the capacity to do extraordinary amounts of work because of machines, well the AI revolution makes everybody a lot smarter, a lot smarter.


Like you don't have to be a genius anymore in order to process a lot of data and get it out, just type it into chat GPT. Okay, so here is OpenAI, CEO, Sam Altman, talking about how AI can impact medicine at this event. How will AI help us with the fight against various problems, diseases, et cetera. These guys can maybe share more about some of the work they're doing there. I think they'll jointly be some of the leaders about driving progress here. But I, I believe that as this technology progresses, we will see diseases get curated at an unprecedented rate. We will be amazed at how quickly we're curing this cancer and that one and heart disease and what this will do for the ability of to deliver very high quality healthcare, the costs, but really to cure the diseases at a rapid, rapid rate, I think will be among the most important things this technology does.


Yeah, well, Elon Musk somehow kind of got crossways of the presidents on this announcement. He put out a tweet, OpenAI said, announcing the Stargate project. The Stargate Project is a new company which intends to invest $500 billion over the next four years building new AI infrastructure for OpenAI in the United States. We'll begin deploying a hundred billion dollars immediately. So Elon Musk responded, they don't actually have the money, okay? And the reason that he is saying that he suggests that they have about $10 billion available to them, but that's not $500 billion available to them. So SoftBank has well under $10 billion secured. I have that on good authority. Now what is the real reason that Elon is doing that? Well, Elon has a beef with Sam Altman.


Elon was one of the original investors in OpenAI when OpenAI was basically a 5 0 1 C3, but like a hundred million dollars into it and then it turned into a for-profit company. And so Elon is still kind of ticked about all of that. However, you the, while an administration can handle an awful lot of back and forth administration, particularly President Trump tends to operate, I'm sort of chaos theory inside his own administration. The best answers come out of conflict of voices inside his administration. Obviously, undermining big initiatives of the administration is not something that's gonna be looked on. Well, Elon Musk is always gonna be a freewill guy. I'm not sure that he's best served by tweets like that one after the president makes a gigantic powerful announcement and that is in fact a very powerful announcement.


It's gonna be responsible apparently for the creation of perhaps a hundred thousand jobs. And it is not a public sector thing, it is a private sector thing. What Donald Trump is doing right now is a very good thing. He's saying, look, you have predictable rules that encourage entrepreneurship and innovation in that environment. People are going to invest lots of money and they should and he's right and that's good. Well, meanwhile, president Trump is apparently considering a 10% tariff on all Chinese goods. Beginning as soon as February 1st. He said, we're talking about a tariff of 10% on China based on the fact they're sending fentanyl to Mexico and Canada. He said probably February 1st is the date that we are looking at. Apparently he spoke with Chinese president Xi Jinping over the phone about fentanyl and trade.


The Chinese side readout said G called for cooperation and said that the country's economic ties were mutually beneficial. China's vice Premier de Jiang told the World Economic Forum in Davos on Tuesday. There are quote, no winners in a trade war. He called for international efforts to support economic globalization and to distribute it better. Now again, I think that a lot of this is President Trump ratcheting up to ratchet down. I think President Trump really likes using the threat of economic sanctions, tariffs in order to get what he wants. Perhaps one of the things that he wants is the sale of TikTok, for example, from China to a non-Chinese interest. Whatever it is, you know, president Trump is not shy about the use of tariffs and China is indeed a geopolitical opponent.


It, it is kind of amazing to me how Justin Trudeau of Canada, who again is being threatened with a 25% tariff. He says, well, if you do that, then Trump is gonna need Russia, China, Venezuela. If you enforce a 25% tariff on Canada, why don't you just ask Trump what he actually wants? Like really? Why don't you just ask him? Justin, you could do that. President Trump said that he wants to usher in a golden age for the United States that will require more steel and aluminum, more critical minerals, more reliable and affordable energy, more of everything to run the US economy. Full steam ahead. Canada has all those resources.


The alternative for them would be more resources from Russia, China, or Venezuela. Canada is a safe, secure, and reliable partner in an uncertain world. Now again, I don't disagree that it's better for the United States to trade with Canada than Russia or China. I just wanna know why he doesn't ask Trump what he wants and then try to cut a deal. 'cause Trump obviously is willing to use leverage. That by the way, is also true with regard to we Russia. We'll get to that in a moment. First,


The Daily Wire gave you front row seats to history. During inauguration weekend, we covered everything from the pageantry to the political highlights. We were on the ground right there to bring you the dawn of America's golden Age. The Daily Wire is where politics and culture collide with live uncensored ad free daily shows from the most trusted voices in America. So our growing catalog of premium entertainment that's reshaping culture. We are leading the charge. What we do matters, but we can't do it without you. Join Daily Wire Plus today, save 47% with code 47 celebrating America's 47th President Donald J. Trump. There's never been a better time to join. But at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe, save 47% today with code 47.


Okay. Meanwhile, when it comes to leverage, president Trump isn't just leveraging Canada. He is in fact leveraging the Russians. So President Trump has now threatened sanctions and tariffs on Russia. If Vladimir Putin is not reached an agreement and the war in Ukraine, I said this is what he was going to do. Remember, remember I told you he wasn't just gonna cut off aid to Ukraine and hand the country over to the Russians. The way that Democrats and the media kept saying, he put out a statement on truth social, that if the government quote cannot make a deal end soon, I have no other choice but to put high levels of taxes at tariffs and sanctions on anything being sold by Russia through the United States and various other participating countries. This is again, he, he wants, he wants the end of the war. He said, I love the Russian people. I always had a very good relationship with President Putin.


But this is a pressure tactic. It is clear that President Trump is not simply going to unilaterally let his foot off the gas when it comes to sanctions on Vladimir Putin. And it is also clear that Trump has no interest in allowing Russia to simply walk through Ukraine. Quote, I'm going to do Russia whose economy is failing and President Putin a very big favor, settle now and stop this ridiculous war. It's only going to get worse. Correct? This is the proper response from President Trump. That is absolutely right. Meanwhile, speaking of peace through strength, Pete Hegseth has been moved outta committee. Apparently there are three Republican senators who plan not to vote for him.


Meeting JD Vance will break the tie and he will be confirmed. It's not a huge shock. Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski the most moderate left-leaning members of the Republican caucus. They were always going to be nos probably on Pete Hegseth. Mitch McConnell is apparently also a no on Pete Hegseth, which I don't understand. He's totally wrong. Maybe he's on his way out. And this is kind of a twist in the nose of, of President Trump. In any case, Susan Collins told reporters on Wednesday she found troubling information had been emitted from Pete. He's FBI background check and this seems like such a cheap shot. It seems like a massive cheap shot. And listen, I understand not all Republicans are gonna vote the same way on everything Susan Collins is in Maine. Maine is at best a purple state.


It really is a blue state with a couple purple leanings. Okay? With that said, the reports that are being discussed right now about Hegseth focus in on his supposed treatment of his ex-wife. Senators received an affidavit containing new allegations against Hegseth. According to NBC News, the receipt of the affidavit came after Senate Armed Services Committee staffers were in contact with he's former sister-in-law for several days. That former sister-in-law submitted the affidavit and apparently she was asked to detail what she knew of instances of abuse or threats of abuse perpetrated against any other person, mistreatment of a spouse, former spouse, or other members of his family, among other requests, Jack Reed, the Senator for Rhode Island.


He said, as I said, for months the reports of Heg Seth's history of alleged sexual assault, alcohol abuse, and public misconduct necessitate an exhaustive background investigation. Danielle apparently describes in the affidavit, allegations of volatile and threatening conduct by Hegseth that made a second wife, Samantha Hegseth fear for her safety. Among her allegations are that Samantha hid in a closet once from Hegseth and that she developed escape plans for use if she felt she needed to get away from Hegseth that would be activated with a code word and that she did once put the escape plans into action. There is only one problem, Samantha Hegseth denied it. The ex-wife denied it and the entire media ran with it and so do Democrats quote. First and foremost, I have not and will not comment on my marriage to beat Hegseth. I do not have representatives speak on my behalf, nor have I ever asked anyone to share or speak about the details of my marriage on my behalf, whether it be a reporter, a committee member, a transition team member, et cetera.


I do not believe your information to be accurate. I have CC'd my lawyer, quote, there was no physical abuse in my marriage. This is the only further statement I will make to you. I have to let you know that I'm not speaking and will not speak on my marriage to Pete. Please respect this decision. Okay, so if this is the basis for Susan Collins opposing, that is ridiculous and insane. Okay? In any case, these sorts of spurious allegations unsupportable by the actual available evidence have become stock in trade for Democrats from Clarence Thomas to Brett Kavanaugh, and it is not going to kill nominations any longer, not on the right side of the aisle. Coming up, we'll get into actual supported allegations of physical abuse of women.


I'm speaking of course about the former second gentleman, Doug Moff.


If you're not a member, become member use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months for on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.