
Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or meal gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


Well, folks, we are in the middle of the closest presidential race in the United States since 1960. We have seven swing states that are all essentially tied, but Donald Trump does have the momentum. We're gonna talk about all of that plus Kamala Harris's magical mystery tour of a relevant left wing shows in a moment.


First, DW plus Jordan B. Peterson. They bring you the Mastering Life collection essential guides on everything from marriage to mental health, including his newest series on depression and anxiety. Get unlimited access to Jordan's Wisdom plus upcoming series on negotiation and success. Join DW plus at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Jordan for 35% off your annual membership is the best place to get everything Jordan related. By the way, Daily Wire dot com slash subscribing. Remember, 35% off your annual membership with Code Jordan.


So brand new polling out of the three Blue Wall states. The blue wall is Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. Kamala Harris needs to hold all three of those, assuming that Donald Trump wins North Carolina, which I think he will, assuming he wins Georgia, which I believe he will, assuming that he wins Arizona, which it looks like he's on track to do. If he does that, then he still needs to crack the So-called Blue Wall. Those are those same three states. It always seems to come down to those three states in these elections ever since he beat Hillary Clinton in 2016. By taking all three of those states, Hillary thought that she had the blue wall locked up, and that was not the case because she had a real problem with blue collar white men. Well, that problem still exists. The latest polling data from Pennsylvania of the last five polls, Donald Trump is tied in two and ahead in three.


Fox News has Donald Trump tied at 49%. Atlas Intel has Trump plus three. Trafalgar has Trump plus three. Emerson has a tie. Insider Advantage has Trump plus two in Pennsylvania. Meanwhile, in Wisconsin, this race has gotten a lot closer over the course of the last few weeks. The last three polls Trump, Atlas, Trump plus two New York Times Sienna Harris plus two, Trafalgar Trump plus one. It's a lot narrower than it was just a few weeks ago. And by the way, political has now shifted Eric H's race against Tammy Baldwin in the Senate into a toss up into a dead heat, which is great. The campaign with Eric just last week in Wisconsin's terrific candidate, he'll make a great senator from the state of Wisconsin.


Meanwhile, over in Michigan, Kamala is having some real struggles. There's a lot of news about internal polling from Michigan showing that she's having serious problems, particularly in getting out the Arab American vote, which is why so-called undeclared, which are Arab Americans who are pro Hamas and very angry that Kamala Harris isn't quite pro kamas enough, despite all of her best attempts to appease them. Because of that, they're now considering endorsing Kamala Harris. But in the last four polls at Intel has Trump up plus four in, in Michigan, New York Times has Harris plus one. Again, that's margin of error. Trafalgar has Trump plus two and me's, Michigan News Source has Trump plus one. In other words, these are very close states, but Trump seems to be picking up some momentum.


Not only that, the Union men who really are prevalent in these states in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, are turning against Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. I mentioned this a couple of weeks ago, that the Teamsters Union poll would show that Joe Biden was beating Donald Trump when he was in the race among Teamsters Union members. As soon as Kamala Harris got in, it flipped and suddenly Trump was winning those union members 60 to 40. Which leads me to my theory that there is a very large and very quiet male pro-Trump vote that men, particularly blue collar white men, look at Kamala Harris and they see someone who disdains traditional masculinity and the attempts to turn, say Doug Emh into an icon of the new masculinity, or Tim Walls, the weirdo into some sort of icon of what it's like to be a true man in America in 2024.


Not only is that not having its desired impact, it is actually exacerbating male feelings that the Democratic ticket is no longer interested in them. Politico has an entire piece today titled The latest Union SNP for Harrison Walls underscores a bigger problem for their campaign. They point out the Democrats waning influence with unions, especially industrial male heavy groups like the firefighters and the teamsters has been a major point of concern for Democrats since Harris took over the ticket from Joe Biden, who's widely hailed by union leaders as a staunch ally of organized labor to fill that void, Harris has a strong pro-labor record, but few personal ties to the country's unions has leaned heavily on Tim Walls to help bolster the ticket's labor appeal on the campaign trail.


The governor frequently talks up Harris's role in the most pro-union, US administration in history under Joe Biden. So the UAW is backing Harrison Walls, so is the International Brotherhood of Electric Workers. But that does not mean that the members of those unions are going to vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls. And that's not because Harrison Walls are not pro-Union. They are in fact essentially sickos to the labor unions. That is because the people who actually work and are members of unions don't necessarily vote just because they're members of unions. They may have a bunch of cross-cutting concerns, including concerns about what Kamala Harris is gonna do on the the economy, including concerns about the attack on traditional masculinity, including concerns that Kamala Harris just does not have them in her heart.


And there is, you know, a lot of good evidence to that effect, which is why Kamala Harris right now has some serious problem in these Blue Wall


states. So Kamala is struggling in all the Blue Wall states, but you know who else is struggling. All the other phone companies, you know why? Because you know they've been trying to get away with some, with some fibs every single year. When Apple releases the new iPhone, the big carriers play those same old games on your life away for the next two years. Get a free iPhone. It's not working anymore because with Pure Talk, you can get great savings on the new iPhone 16, and you can still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's most dependable 5G network. How would I know? Because I have the new iPhone 16 from Pure Talk. Bottom line, stop falling into the same traps and overpaying for data you're not gonna use with Pure Talk for just 35 bucks a month, get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Here's the best part. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider. That's access to the full library of DW plus movies series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Bertman run Hide, fight plus uncensored ad free daily shows, one year free of our kids platform Benke and your very own free leftist steers. Tumblr. The only way you can get the special offer is by going to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Or call and mention my name, stop overpaying for your cell phone plan. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider,


the Wall Street Journal reporting. Just yesterday, Harris struggling to break through with working class Democrats fear. According to the Wall Street Journal, Democrats have privately grown worried about Kamala his standing among working class voters in the crucial blue wall states, particularly in Michigan. Donald Trump has assiduously courted union members and non-college educated white voters with a message focused on high cost manufacturing and the threat of China to the United States economy. Senior Democrats, including Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer, won a sharper economic appeal from Harris and have conveyed those concerns to her campaign according to people familiar with the conversations. But that's not the problem. The problem is not overt appeals to auto workers and blue collar workers. That is, that is not what is going to change the complexion of this campaign.


There is a culture war that has been going on in this country, and that culture war is clearly evident and obvious, okay? That culture war can be summed up in, for example, what Donald Trump has been doing over the course of the last week versus what Kamala Harris has been doing over the course of the last week. So Donald Trump has been going and doing rallies in the blue all states. He's then been going on shows like this one, a conservative podcast for example, or he's been going on Fox News, or he's been going out and he's been talking with people in blue states that are blue wall states, but with with actual normal voters. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris has basically picked up and Jet set it to every single left wing cultural glitterati elite show she can find.


There's a vast culture gap between the kinds of people that Donald Trump is appealing to and the kinds of people that Kamala Harris is appealing to. And when you add on top of that, the fact that she seems to be a self glorifying absolute empty suit, that is not a good look. By the way, I'll point out at this point that the person who wants Kamala Harris to lose worse than anybody in America apparently, is Joe Biden. Joe Biden wants her to lose. Joe Biden is angry. He got pushed outta the race. He believes he'd be running stronger against Donald Trump than she would. And there is some evidence to that effect. That's the only reason I can imagine Joe Biden doing what he did yesterday. So Kamala Harris, she had suggested that Governor Ron DeSantis had done something deeply wrong. He's busy handling in one of the worst hurricanes headed for Florida in modern history, and she's pissed because apparently he didn't pick up the phone when she called.


And then DeSantis said, well, I didn't even know she called, but why? Why exactly would I be dealing with her right now? She literally has never called about any hurricane ever, literally ever. Why is she the sensor of this story? And then she said, well, DeSantis is obviously selfish and not doing what he needs to do for the people of Florida. Here is Joe Biden absolutely undercutting her, just taking her legs out right from under her yesterday. The governor of Florida has been cooperative. He said he is gotten all that he needs. I talked to him again yesterday and I, and I said, whatever. I said, no, you're doing a great job. It's being all being done. Well, we thank you for it. And I literally gave my personal phone number to call. So I don't know, there was a rough start in some places, but every governor, every governor from Florida to North Carolina has been fully cooperative and supportive and acknowledged what this team is doing, and they're doing an incredible job.


Okay? So he says The SANS is doing a fine job, which is the opposite of what Harris is saying. So let's just say this, Kamala Harris is out of touch. She's always out of touch. She's always been out of touch. She's an elite West coast, left winger from San Francisco and then Montreal, and then back to California where she lived in coastal enclaves, living the high life and drinking Chardonnay at at 2:00 PM until she was made vice president of the United States. That appears to be the image that she's cultivating, and I'm not sure why she thinks that is good for her. I assume that she believes that if she's runs up the vote with suburban white women by talking about abortion on podcasts that only women listen to, that this will magically spur her to victory.


But here's the problem. She's, she's digging where she already has the gold. There's no, there's nothing else to be found there. She's mining where there is no one else. And so yesterday, for example, over the last few days, she has done the following shows Call Her Daddy The View Howard Stern and Stephen Colbert, please number me the Swing voters who watched those shows, number me, the Swing voters who watched those shows. She only did one show in which swing voters actually watched that would be 60 minutes. And on 60 minutes she made a buffoon of herself, as we discussed yesterday on the show. In fact, it was so bad on 60 Minutes that 60 Minutes went out of its way to try and cover for her. So 60 Minutes released a clip of an answer that she gave about Israel online before the actual show aired.


And then when it came to the actual answer that was aired on tv, they edited it. So here are these two clips back to back to show you how 60 Minutes is trying to cover for her, But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening.


We are not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. Okay, those are those two clips back to back. So you can hear the Unended version is a minute of nonsense. And the edited version, they took one sentence outta context and then placed it next to the question. This is how hard the media are trying to cover for her. And don't worry, we'll get to CBS news a little later in the show because CBS news is a disgrace to journalism, truly. But this is the thing, she cannot hold her own on any show or she has asked even a simple question. She cannot. And so she has to go among allies and then just answer those questions from her allies. When Kamala Harris' strategy apparently is to appeal to blue collar men by going on allies who mainly appeal to single white ladies.


Not sure it's gonna work,


but let's talk about something that does work. Efficient business finance management. You wanna know how to run your company's finances smoother than a well-oiled machine. Check out Ramp. Ramp is a corporate card and spend management software designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket Ramp gives your finance team unprecedented control over your company's spending. You can issue cards to every employee with actual limits and restrictions, a novel concept In today's world of runaway expenses, ramps accounting software automatically collects receipts and categorizes your expenses in real time. No more chasing down receipts. Your employees won't waste hours on expense reports allowing you to close your books eight times faster. Unlike most so-called Money Saving Solutions Ramp actually puts cash back in your pocket. Businesses using ramps. Save an average of 5% in their first year. Plus it's really easy to set up. You can get started issue virtual and physical cards. Start making payments in less than 15 minutes, whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now get $250 when you join Ramp. Just go to ramp.com/shapiro. That's ramp.com/shapiro remp.com/shapiro. Cards issued by Sutton Bank member, FDIC, terms and conditions do apply. That's ramp.com/shapiro to get started.


Okay, well, here's the thing. If, if she's running behind right now, if the people she needs to win over are white, blue collar men, for example, or a heavier share of seniors, she ain't gonna do that by going on the call Her daddy podcast. And you can tell who she's trying to appeal to appeal single white women. That's it. It's single white women all the way down, single white women. That's all. That's her entire campaign. Hillary Clinton tried to run this campaign in 2016. It did not go well for her. I know that people On the left are celebrating the fact that call her daddy has big numbers. Yes, among a certain constituency. Among a certain constituency. They are hiding her for good reason from any show where she has to answer questions like she did with Bill Whitaker.


And instead they're putting her on with Alex Cooper, Alex Cooper, who is famous for making episodes like Wiz Khalifa. It's not cute to cry in a threesome. And of course, Hannah Burner Aldente and faking Dirty Talk, or my mom found my nudes. So that is who Kamala Harris sits with to discuss serious policy issues is Alex Cooper, who's basically famous for being a very good looking woman who talks about extreme details of sexual activity, like slow clap for, for Kamala Harris's team here. Just this is a big win. It's a big win here. She was trying to campaign for all the single ladies I saw the governor of Arkansas said, my kids keep me humble.


Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything. Keeping her humble. How did that make you feel? I don't think she understands that. There are a whole lot of women out here who, one, are not aspiring to be humble. Two, a whole lot of women out here who have a lot of love in their life, family in their life, and children in their life. And I think it's really important for women to lift each other up. Family comes in many forms, and I think that increasingly, you know, all of us understand that, you know, this is not the 1950s anymore.


Families come in all kinds of shapes and forms and their family, nonetheless. Kamala Harris on the call her daddy podcast doing monologues from Robin Williams's, Mrs. Doubtfire right there. Also, by the way, if we're not in the 1950s anymore, someone should ask her why her husband beats the out of ladies, apparently. I mean, it is. It is absolutely incredible that there has been widely substantiated allegations that he beat up an ex-girlfriend, and that he also was sexist toward his employees. And we already know that he knocked up the nanny. And somehow Doug Emh h and and Kamala Harris are still being trotted out as a model couple. It's insane to me. You know, this would not be the case if the parties were reversed.


If this were, say Sarah Huckabee Sanders running for president, and it turned out her husband had hit an ex-girlfriend by multiple testimony and knocked up the nanny, that'd be the end of Sarah Huckabee Sanders's campaign. You know, it would be, the media are completely ignoring it. It's absolutely astonishing. According to the UK Daily Mail, Kamala Harris's husband was inappropriate at misogynistic at work. According to his former colleagues, attorneys who worked with Doug Emh Hoff at the former firm, Venable say he yelled, expletives held a men only cocktail hour in the office, revoked work perks from women who didn't flirt with him and took only young attractive associates in a limousine to a ball. A 2019 lawsuit claimed sex discrimination by other partners in the LA office, em Hof Rand. And that while engaged to Harris, he hired an unqualified part-time model as a legal secretary because she was young, attractive and friendly with the powerful men in the office.


Again, this is supposedly the wife guy again. There are claims that he struck his ex-girlfriend in 2012 in a booze, a booze fueled assault after a date to a star-studded gala, according to the UK Daily Mail. And noticed Alex Cooper had no questions for Kamala Harris about that. Of course. Okay. Meanwhile, she decided to jet set on from call her daddy the eminent intellect of the call her daddy podcast, to the geniuses over at The View where she proceeded to drop the worst line for her campaign thus far, which is sang an an awful lot because this has not been a very good campaign. The first few weeks went well because basically she just went around and did a little dance, sang a sang a little song, got Tim Walls out there, clapping like an idiot, like a seal.


And that was great for like a few weeks. And then the Vibe Machine ran low. And ever since, it's been kind of a rough ride for Kamala Harris, to be honest with you. Well, she accidentally got pantsed by the ladies at The View yesterday. It's truly amazing. Like they were there just to massage her. And somehow she managed to turn this massage into one of the worst moments of her campaign. She was asked if there's anything she would've done differently than Joe Biden. Now, that is a very easy question for her to answer, really quite easy, right? There are many things she could say here. She could say, listen, I have nothing but respect for the man who made me vice President of the United States, and I'm proud of our record together. But of course, there are things where if we had known would've done it differently, we would've handled the Afghanistan pullout differently.


Because how can you say you don't have regrets when 13 Americans service people die at Abbey Gate? Ha We would've done our, our immigration policy differently from the beginning because frankly, we had no idea of the levels of illegal immigration that were gonna swamp the country. And we've worked on fixing that and I'm gonna fix it going forward, right? Like she, she could, those are things she could say, but she won't do it. So instead she gives just a, a gift to the Trump campaign here. She's being asked by Sonny Hostin, what would she have done differently? She can't name a single thing, not one, which means she owns every single thing that people hate about the Biden administration. She owns every single bit of it. Would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years?


There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. Okay, just cut that, stamp it, put it on every film reel across the country, every single ad across the country, she can't sing. Think of a single. And not only that, she was part of every decision. So every bad thing that's happening in the country is her. Every, her entire campaign has been an attempt to pretend that she's a change candidate. She wants it both ways. She was in the room room and very important, but also, she's the candidate of change. You can't argue you're the change candidate while openly admitting you are in the room for every major decision. And you like all those decisions. Even the folks on CNN who are basically wearing their Kamala pins on air at this point, even they were like, that was it.


What? That that, whoops. Whoops. What do you make of that? I'm surprised, frankly, that she doesn't have more to say about this, given that she and her campaign know that this is one of the main questions that voters have about her. And, and one of the main things she's been trying to establish as part of her candidacy is the idea that she would represent a break from the past four years. And to not be able to come up with something to say in that moment. She continues to, to not be particularly nimble on her feet in a lot of these interviews. And this is a very obvious question that gave her an opportunity for frankly, Whoop. See whoop, see whoop, see whoopsie, even C N's. Like, oh, she's not good at this.


Well, Kamala is totally inauthentic, but if you want an authentic educational experience, you need to check out Grand Canyon University. It's a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. They believe we're endowed by or created with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. GC believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. GCU equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and creates a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community, change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GC online, on campus, and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With 350 academic programs, as of June, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams, the pursuit to serve others. That's yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit gcu.edu.


Then she tried to explain how she's different from Joe Biden and what she came up with is we have different physical bodies. Yeah, we noticed. Like what? Yeah, great. Like, congratulations to you lady. What do you think would be the biggest specific difference between your presidency and a Biden Sea? A Biden presidency? Well, we're obviously two different people and we have a lot of shared life experiences, for example, the way we feel about our family and our parents and so on. But we're also different people and, and I will bring those sensibilities to, to how I lead. Yeah, that's, that's revelatory, eh, that, that's extremely revelatory.


You're different people. Wow. I I feel sanguine about that now. Seems better. She then tried to pretend that she's an empathetic person. Now, one of the great lies of American politics that Kamala Harris is some sort of queen of empathy. They tried to trot this out at the DNC. They, they brought out various Congress people to testify that one time Kamala Harris was super nice to them. Oh my God. Well, here she was being super empathetic about the most recent hurricane. So she's asked, you know, you say that Rhon DeSantis didn't pick up the phone for you and, you know, have you made a habit of like being involved in hurricane relief efforts? When's the last time that you were regularly involved in that? She's like, well, in the last five minutes or so. Now, he said this morning you've never called regarding any of the storms Florida's had since you've been vice president until apparently now and called it political.


What's your response to that? Well, first of all, I have called and talked with, in the course of this crisis, this most recent crisis, Democrat and Republican governors called, taken the Call, answered the call, had a conversation. So obviously this is not an issue that is about partisanship or politics for certain leaders, but maybe it's for others. That's the most absurd. So he says, we've had a bunch of hurricanes, a bunch of natural disasters over the course, few last few years in Florida, and you are nowhere. And she's like, but I did call this time this, this attempt to spin her into the, the captain of empathy. It's, it is an amazing thing.


And speaking of lack of empathy, she then went on Stephen Colbert. So again, she's doing this big tour. Her big media tour consists of only people who already worship at the altar of Kamala. Okay? So last night she's on Stephen Colbert. And when I think empathy, what I think is Florida's about to get clocked with a Cat five hurricane, and she is on Stephen Colbert drinking beer. This is how she makes hay with the common folks. Nothing, by the way, nothing appeals to blue collar white man. Like watching this upper crust elitist who clearly has never had a Miller High life in her life, pretend to be something she's not. You gonna climb on a John Deere tractor next and drive around with a shotgun, probably gonna adopt the accent.


She's gonna code switch here. So here she's with Stephen Colbert, the two most defeat people in America drinking Miller High Life. I mean, we all know what she actually is doing. Drinking Rose at 2:00 PM but okay, let's pretend with Kamala Harris here. This, this is what empathy looks like. Hurricane about to slam the coast. She's drinking beer with Colbert. But elections, I think are won on vibes because one of the old saws is, I, they just want somebody they can have a beer with. So would, would you like to have a beer with me so I can tell people what that's like? Okay, this was now we asked ahead of time. 'cause I can't just be given a drink to the vice president of the United States without asking. You asked for Miller highlight, you highlight. I'm just curious.


Okay. The last time I had beer was at a baseball game with Doug, so, okay, so cheers. There you go. Okay, Cheers. There you go. Ooh, Now she's really chu there. Yeah, he's Like the beautiful city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Champagne Of beer. There you go. Wow. She can even read the label. Absolutely. Incredibly. Should have asked her when was the last time she finished off a bottle of wine herself. In any case, that that seems like empathy right now, people are suffering in the country. North Carolina's still underwater. Flora's about to get clocked. She is with Stephen Colbert, appealing to all those wine moms by, by drinking Miller High Life with Stephen Colbert and lecturing us on how the American dream is elusive right now.


Again, she's just a factory of gas. If the American dream is elusive right now, perhaps you might want to look at who is the vice president of the United States. It's unbelievable. She's literally campaigning against herself at this point. Frankly, Steven, the American dream right now is really elusive for far too many people in terms of even aspiring to own a home. It's, it's too expensive. We don't have enough housing. We have a housing shortage. So part of my plan is to work with the private sector with builders and developers to build 3 million more homes by the end of my first term. And to give first time home buyers a $25,000 a a down payment assistance so they can just get their foot in the door to home ownership, which is the fastest and the most efficient way for people to build intergenerational wealth.


These are the ways that I think about how we build up our country in a way that is about supporting the middle class. I come from the middle class, I'm never gonna forget where I come from. Oh God, oh my God. You know, where she never talks about where she came from, Montreal, it's where she grew up. Go to Canada Lady. And seriously, this is the American dream is elusive right now. Here's some free cash that comes from somebody else. Now, Kamala Harris keeps talking about how the American dream is elusive. She's the current vice president of the United States. I mean, honestly, we should fire her if she's that bad at her job. But, you know, HR issues, they're rough.


When I started The Daily Wire, the biggest question mark was what we would do for hr. We were so focused on creating engaging content, it was difficult to find a managing professional capable of handling the day-to-Day HR tasks. If this sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambee. With Bambee, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're getting a dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and real time chat. They'll handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, and performance reviews. With Bambi's HR Autopilot feature, you can streamline essential HR practices like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time for what really matters to your business. All of Bambi's HR managers are based here in the United States. They can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost 80 grand annually, but Bambee starts at just $99 monthly. So in a matter of the size of your business, Bambi can work for you. Don't wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation by visiting Bambee dot com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. That's spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. That's Bambee dot com. Type in Ben Shapiro to get started. Bambee dot com type Ben Shapiro under podcast.


But the important thing is that the Colbert audience knows how to pronounce Kamala's name again. It's all vibes and there's nothing there. There is nothing there. And the American people increasingly are not happy with there being nothing there. They already have nothing there. Joe Biden's been dead for months, and meanwhile their stand-in is an empty hot air balloon of a human. Here we go. That's a campaign rally. It's a campaign rally at Colbert Pronou My name. Thank you All. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you very Thank you. She's winning new converts over there at her campaign rally on Stephen Colbert. I noticed that a whole lot of people know how to pronounce my name.


She is hilarious. My goodness. It's like watching Louis CK up there. Just, just, wow. She, she kind of caps her tour with yet another call her daddy. But this one is supposed to be for males. The problem is that Howard Stern is no longer relevant to the American political conversation. He's no longer relevant at all. Howard Stern, how old is Howard Stern right now? 127 years old. Howard Stern is currently 70 years old. That old curve, he's 70 years old and he, and he's still talking about bodily orifices at a certain point, gentlemen, it's time to grow up. But Howard Stern was always a fake transgressive by a fake transgressive. I mean, he never really said anything. Transgressive just talked about sex a lot, which is, which is not all that transgressive.


It's actually quite boring. It turns out that, that if you, if your entire job day in and day out is just to say unbelievably horrible things to women on the air, which is Howard Stern stick, it's is incredible how this has shifted. Okay? It used to be that Democrats looked at Howard Stern and they're like, that guy's gross. This is yucky. Right? The the person who is, who says this kind of stuff to women is despicable. And Republicans being more religious, were like, yeah, that's true. And now Howard Stern is basically your typical democratic appic. And the entire Democratic Party believes that his discussions of bodily orifice is probably should be on stage at the DNC. So Howard Stern announced yesterday, the Huey voting for Kamala Harris, a shocking development from a devout New York City liberal.


What a, what an unbelievable douche bag. Howard Stern is and always has been. I, I don't even understand how this election is close. And, and, and yes, I'm voting for you, but I would also vote for that wall over there rather than a guy who says, I, you know, where do I begin? I mean, maybe you might wanna ask him about his treatment of women over the years, or maybe he might wanna ask her about her husband's treatment of women over the years, that, that might be Nope, nope, nope, nothing there. Okay, then they just lie a lot. So Howard Stern, they continue to retell this lie that the, that the Supreme Court of the United States says that Donald Trump can do literally anything he wants as president of the United States, including drone, his political opponents.


Which if it were true, would be weird because that means that Joe Biden could theoretically just order the droning or Seal Team six to kill Donald Trump. It's not true. It's never been true. It's a deliberate misread of Supreme Court jurisprudence. But Kamala Harris is big into the lying. So not a big shock that Xi and genius Howard Stern over the, who are they appealing to? Who are they appealing to? It's the same seven people. It's incredible. And you look at it, it's, it's not only that he says he's gonna be a dictator on day one. Understand what dictators do. They jail journalists. They, they put people who are protesting the street in jail. Unreal. She, she's talking about being a dictator on day one.


They literally activated the DOJ to go after their political opponents. Meanwhile, using the implements of federal law to stand up for, say, the un RWA in actual terror front group. Howard Stern did ask her if she would leave the country, if she lost, If he wins, God forbid, would you feel safe in this country? Would you stay in this country? Howard? I'm doing everything I can to make sure he does not win. Well, you know, Helen, if, if he wins, I'm not saying we're all gonna die, but if he, if he wins, I'm doing everything I can because if I do not, if I, if I do not, then I will not have grown up a middle class child. And, and, you know, and, and that, whew, why is she lagging?


Why, why is she lagging? Well, the good news is they have Tim Walls to deploy out there that freak show to try and explain why white men should vote for the Harris Walls submissive ticket here, here is Tim Walls joining Jimmy Kimmel another one of our stellar comedic lights who hasn't told a joke in what, 10 years Trying to explain that. What, what is his first aspiration as Vice President of the United States? Other than just being a Corgi who trots around after Kamala Harris as she can pet her, pet him every so often for emotional comfort. Here, here is Tim Walls, This idea that, look, we get to turn the page on that and, and I plan on waking up on November 6th with Madam President and that then not be This be, I hope you don't wake up in the same bed.


That'd be weird. I want be clear. You won't be waking up together. No, unless there's, unless you guys have gotten closer than we thought. I have a problem about not being specific with my language. So thank you for that specifically, right? Yes. He, well, what, what is Wow. What, what a ticket. What, what, what a stellar conglomeration of high IQ policy excellence and verbal eloquence. They, they're doing amazing. This is their media tour. Their media tour is with all friendlies on the late nights. You know, let's see if it works out for 'em folks. It's a strategy. Is it a good strategy? Doesn't feel like it. They do, of course. Have the love of the media and the media are proving themselves each and every day to just be some of the worst people on earth.


President Trump yesterday on this show, suggested that it was time to shell the term fake news and instead start using the term corrupt news. Hard to think of a better descriptor when it comes to CBS news. We'll get to that in just one moment.


First, over the past two years, DW Plus, as you know, has been collaborating with my friend Jordan Peterson on a collection of shows to help you win at life. The Mastering Life Collection with Jordan B. Peterson is the thing we have created. Mastering life topics range from marriage to masculinity and managing mental health with Jordan b Peterson's newest series Depression and Anxiety Plus coming this fall. Jordan Peterson has two new Mastering Life series. One on negotiation, one on Success. Become a DW Plus member today for unlimited access to Jordan Peterson's incredible mastering life collection right now. Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Jordan at checkout for 35% off your new annual membership. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Well, you may be watching Kamala Harris's magical mystery tour of Terrible Left-Wing shows and thinking to yourself, how could she possibly win? I understand I have that tendency too. You watch her and she's awful at this. Truly awful. It's not just that she has no good policy positions that she can offend. It's not just that she says dumb things politically like that she owns every Joe Biden policy. It's not just that she's radically inauthentic with regard to her politics. She's radically inauthentic all the way through. She's just a vinyl human. She's totally inauthentic in every possible way. And so you say to yourself, how could she possibly win? And how could she win? No matter how much you hate Donald Trump, you know what his administration was like and it was pretty good. And you know what her administration is like and it's trash.


So how the answer of course is that she always has her pretorian guard in the media. They're to defend her, they're to protect her. The journalism ERs of our age are worth five to 10 points in the polls for Kamala Harris and for any Democrat. And when they mobilize on behalf of one of their idolatrous icons, it is very difficult to crack that perception. The best example of this actually is not Kamala Harris this week, the best example is Therial Tanah Hassi Coates. Now, Tanah Hassi Coates is an icon of the left. He has been since Black Lives Matter days, he's basically become untouchable. His positions are morally idiotic.


His analysis is literally skin deep, meaning the only thing he seems to care about is skin color. He has no thorough knowledge of history. He has no thorough knowledge of politics. He has no interest in factual, in factual discussions. He's a terrible writer. By the way. The attempt to turn Tahashi Coates into some sort of James Baldwin knockoff is absurd. Tahashi Coates is basically Racialist Greta Twinburg, he's an idiot wandering the landscape in search of some sort of deep thought spouting platitudinous nonsense in the most purple language while everybody is supposed to genuflect at the altar of TA hase codes. So he wrote a terrible book called Between the World and Me. That book basically is predicated on the notion that he got in an elevator with his son and there was a white dude in the elevator and he read 400 years of racism in the white man's eyes.


The guy didn't say anything to him. That's who Ta Nehisi Coates is a person who has benefited from every privilege that Western civilization has to offer, but hates Western civilization because he has in his prophetic being an understanding of the division between victim and victimizer. And his philosophy is incredibly cheap. You can do it in one sentence. If you are a failure in life, it is because you are a victim of the system. He's iram X kendi, but sort of an upgrade that, that, that's essentially who Ta Nehisi Coates is. And he's been treated as though he's some sort of great intellectual. They gave him every prize they can find millions of dollars to write terrible books. They gave him a comic book contract. He was writing terrible comic books that no one read for years.


So he wrote his book Between the World and Me. Then he went away and he wrote comic books for a while and some pretty bad fiction. And now he's back with a brand new book called The Message. The Message, because he's brought it from aha. You see, he has descended from Sinai, I shouldn't say Sinai 'cause he didn't like Jews very much. He has descended from, well somewhere he's descended from some holy place to bring you the word of ta hasi. And you must not question Tarane hassi despite the fact that he is in fact a moral cretin and an a factual dum. You must never question Tarane Hassi Coates. He is a person who's to be treated with only respect. He's to be treated as a great intellectual of our age, despite the fact that he's a liar.


So what is the message? The message is he went to Israel and then the West Bank for two weeks. And guess what? He knows everything there is to know about it. Like everything there is to know about it. And you know what there is to know, what there is to know is that Palestinians are brown and victimized, and Israelis are white and evil and supremacist. That's the whole book. It's an anti-Semitic screed that is completely fact free. The number of basic factual, he, he doesn't mention in the entire book Hamas, he doesn't mention the entire book, the Palestinian Authority. He doesn't mention yes or Arafat. He doesn't mention terrorism, he doesn't mention Hezbollah. He doesn't mention anything of relevance. He doesn't mention peace deals turned down by the Palestinians. Literally nothing. Because again, in Hussey Coates, holy fool, moral vision, the basic idea is that if he can identify who is the victim in any scenario, and he can always identify the victim, not by their activity, but by their outcome, then he can tell you who's the bad guy.


And he says, this is a very clear conflict. There's a good guy and a bad guy. The good guy. Those are the people who celebrate the rapes and murders of October 7th. The bad guys are the people who are attempting to stop that. That's essentially the message of the message by Ta Nehisi Coates. And again, there's a bunch of factual errors in here. There's an excellent thread on Twitter. There's an account called Eisenberg, which is a, a board member for honest reporting. And he is written for a tablet and fathom journal among others, pointing out a wide variety of basic errors. Like for example, Taana Hassi Coates suggests that Israelis regularly tour the Alsa Mosque while Palestinians are barred from the Western wall, all of which is a lie that is not true.


non-Muslims, I know 'cause I've been up there, you can watch me do it on tape with Jordan Peterson. When you go up to the Temple Mount, you have to be screened by security. You are not allowed to pray openly on the Temple Mount. I can't go into the Al Mosque, okay? I'm not allowed as a Jew. I'm not allowed because the Jordanian wok controls the Temple Mount. But Muslims and Christians, including the 2 million Israeli Arab Palestinian citizens of Israel can visit the Western wall, right? And, and those sorts of basic factual errors that a, a simple Google search would've solved a replete throughout his trash book. So anyway, he appears on CBS news. Here's why this is a story. He appears on CBS news the other day, and there is a reporter for CBS Morning news named Tony Daap Pill.


And Tony Daap pill, who has a couple of kids who live in Israel, has the temerity to point out that this is an extremist antisemitic book. And then ask some actual tough questions of Tanah Hasse Coates here, for example, is him asking basic questions to ha tahashi codes. And Coates has no answers because Coates is used to just saying cryptic nostrums about black and brown bodies like a pagan incantation. And then everybody bowing before the altar of ta hasse. And so he starts to get upset. Here is, here's Tony Dpo actually asking a question, doing a, he accidentally did a journalism. If Israel has a right to exist, and if your answer is no, then I guess the question becomes why do the Palestinians have a right to exist? Why do 20 different Muslim countries?


My answer is that no country in this world establishes its ability to exist through rights. Countries established their ability to exist through force. But You write a book that delegitimizes the pillars of Israel, it seems like an effort to topple the whole building of it. So I I come back to the question, and it's what I struggle with throughout this book. What is it that so particularly offends you about the existence of a Jewish state that is a Jewish safe place and not any of the other states out there? There's nothing that offends me about a Jewish state. I'm offended by the idea of states built on ethno no matter where they are, Muslim included. I would not want a state where any group of people laid down their citizenship rights based on ethnicity.


Why is there no agency in this book for the Palestinians? They, they exist in your narrative merely as victims of the Israelis as though they were not offered peace at any juncture as though they don't have a stake in this as well. What is their role in the lack of a, I have a very, very, very, very moral compass about this. And again, perhaps it's because of my ancestors, A very moral compass. Either apartheid is right or it's wrong. Mm, you laugh. It's, it's, it's really, really simple. Either what I saw was right or it's wrong. Okay? That is, those are the words of a simpleton because taana hasko is a simpleton. And he is never had to answer a basic question like, do the Palestinians have any basic responsibilities? By the way, the, the entire lie that he's telling me that Israel's an apartheid state ignores the fact that there are 2 million Arab citizens of Israel.


So go, okay, there's a big lie. And Tony DPO asked him some very simple questions. And Tony Hasko has no answers because by the way, he's very much in favor of a Palestinian state that'd be completely Jew free. So when he says he's against an eth, an ethnostate or ethno or whatever, that's just a lie. It's not true. He doesn't care about Japan. It, it's an anti-Semitic trope. The whole thing is an anti-Semitic. The whole thing is an anti-Semitic book. It just is because Tona Hussey Coates is in fact a member of a left-wing cadre that believes in this very simple and very stupid narrative that if you are unsuccessful in life, it's because of the white superstructure or whatever.


Well, CBS news, clearly prizes, Taana Hassi Coates above its own journalistic standards. But you should instead choose Prize Picks. That's America's number one daily fantasy sports app with over 10 million active members. Lemme tell you, it's the best way to win real money. This MLB postseason, by the way, postseason is wild. Here's how it works. Pay attention because it's simpler than you might think. You pick more or less on two to six player stat projections and watch the winnings roll in. Make your picks in less than 60 seconds. Turn your sports opinions into real money all season long. It is that easy. One of my producers, Jake, is a huge fan of Prize Picks for tonight's baseball games. Jake picks Alex Cobb to have more than three strikeouts and Seth Lugo to have less than four strikeouts. He's always raving about how easy it is to make entries on all his favorite players. Now, if you wanna play alongside some big names, you can find community plays Under the promos tab, you'll see entries from Drew Ski, Joe Button M May Champ, Sean O'Malley. It's a great way to see how your picks stack up against theirs. Here's what really sets Prize Picks apart. It is important. You can win up to a hundred times your money with as few as four correct picks. That's a pretty impressive return. Get this, they have an injury insurance policy. So if your player leaves in the first half and doesn't return, your picks are still alive. It's like they actually care about their members. Speaking of members, Prize Picks puts them first. All withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. When your picks hit, you can get your money in as fast as 15 minutes, which of course is very, very fast. Here's the kicker, they invented the flex play. You can still cash out even if your lineup isn't perfect, double your money, even if one of your picks doesn't hit. It's like a safety net for your predictions. Here's the best part. Right now, when you download the app and use Code BEN, you get 50 bucks instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. That's right, 50 bucks just for trying it out. Head on over to Prize Picks dot com or download the app right now. Remember, that's Code BEN on Prize Picks to get $50 instantly when you play five bucks. Prize Picks run your game.


In any case, what happens? Why is this a scandal? Well, Tony Dal does accidentally that journalism and what happens, CBS insiders then get angry and force him to apologize. They hold a full scale conference call at which they complain about Tony Dockable. They say that it's really terrible, very, very terrible that he did his job. The free press got a hold of the audio of an editorial meeting on Monday at 9:00 AM the morning of October 7th, by the way, where the network's top brass got on the line and basically apologized for Tony Dockable asking ta hassi CO's questions. You're not allowed to do that when the great Oracle comes from on Hydes discuss his total trash piece of crap book. Then you, you, you, you either gen or get out Tony dpo because he's an idol, he's an untouchable.


You must no, you mu no you cannot. E after being introduced by Wendy McMahon, the head of CBS News, Adrian Rourke in charge of news gathering at the network began her remarks by saying, covering a story like October 7th requires empathy, respect, and a commitment to truth. And then she says, we'll still ask tough questions. We'll still hold people accountable, but we'll do so objectively. And then she says that they failed their audience, that they failed their audience. It's amazing. Here is some of the audio of the conference call. There are times we fail our audiences and we fail each other. We're in one of those times right now and it's been growing and now we, we are at a tipping point.


Many of you have reached out to express concerns over recent reporting, specifically about the CVS mornings coats interview from last week, as well as comments made coming out of some of our correspondence reporting. I wanna thank every single one who reached out for your honesty, your transparency, and your commitment. So I wanna address three things. Number one, after a review of our coverage, including the interview, it's clear there are times we have not met our editorial standards. Number two, this has been addressed and it will continue to be in the future.


And number three, I, I wanna acknowledge, and I wanna say, I wanna apologize that it's taken this long to have this conversation. Pa feick, that's CBS news, which is why you, she never trust CBS news with anything. By the way, kudos to CCBs reporter Jan Crawford, who's been CBS's chief legal correspondent since 2009. She defended DaCapo on the call. She said, it sounds like we're calling one of our anchors out in a somewhat public setting on this call for failing to meet editorial standards for, I'm not even sure what I thought our commitment was to truth. When someone comes on our air with a one-sided account of a very complex situation, as coats himself acknowledges that he has, it's my understanding that his journalists were obligated to challenge that worldview so our viewers can have that access to the truth or a fuller account, a more balanced account.


And to me, that's what Tony did. Tony prevented a one-sided account from being broadcast on our network that was completely devoid of history or fact. And so a again, the, the, the There was nothing wrong with the code's interview, nothing but CBS basically apologized for it. They then called in a DEI, expert, a, a doctor named Donald Grant to moderate a conversation over mental health DEI and trauma. Based on this interview, by the way, that particular DEI expert has posted on public media about MAGA side, what he calls MAGA side death of a nation caused by injuring said nation with the intent to destroy through adoption of insidious policies.


Posted a meme of Tim Scott as Uncle Tim's cabin, And put up a graphic of a person holding a sign that says, dear White people, stop using Dr. King as an example of peaceful protest. You shot him too. That is the person they brought in to calm the waters at CBS News. Well, Sherry Redstone, who is of course the controlling shareholder of Paramount Global, which owns CBS conveyed to CBS executives, she disagreed with how the situation was handled. She's right about that. But again, this is how it works in the halls of the legacy media, and it's an important thing. This is how it works. I remember just a couple of years ago, I was asked to write the beloved Sanctified political playbook.


So I wrote a piece about Donald Trump's appeal, and the blowback was so great. They had to have full scale struggle sessions with hundreds of employees on the line to apologize for the grave sin of allowing the political playbook to be sullied by my presence. This is who your journalism are. This is who they are. They're not there to ask questions. They're not there to tell hard truths. They are there to massage. So when you wonder why it is that Kamala Harris is still competitive despite being an awful, terrible candidate, the answer is the same. People at CBS News who are apologizing for asking the beloved icon of stupidity, Taana Hasi Coates, some actual questions. Those same people are in the back room manipulating the news coverage of Kamala Harris, including on shows like 60 Minutes.


All right, coming up, we'll jump into the shocking reality of Joe Biden's. Hatred. Hatred for Israel defending itself. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Gentlemen woke, corporations are shaving away your masculinity, which sounds quite horrifying. Well, it's time to take it back with Jeremy's Razors. Over a quarter million dudes and 4.7 stars on Amazon. Agree, Jeremy's Precision five's a damn good. Razor won't dull your edge. Stop giving your money to will corporations that hate you. Order in the next 48 hours. Get the biggest discount ever on Jeremy's second Gen Razors with a 30% off Prime deal. Go to jeremy's Razors dot com right now.