
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Well, it finally happened. Kamala Harris did a sit down interview for all of get this. She talked for 16 minutes. 16. It was huge. We'll get into all the details of this massive moment in American political history and what it means for a vibe shift in the election. But let me remind you, we're giving you like real time updates on all this sort of stuff last night. Put out a video reacting in real times what was going on with the interview. You'll get those kinds of updates every step of the way through the end of the election and beyond.


When you become a Daily Wire Plus member, you can get 40% off new annual Daily Wire Plus memberships during our Labor Day sale. Head on over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Labor 40 at checkout. Unlock on demand access to our uncensored daily shows, groundbreaking documentaries, live news in-depth election coverage. Join us as we fight the left and build the future. Frankly, your membership allows us to bring you all these sorts of updates on all the rest of it. Again, go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Labor 40 at checkout for 40% off that new annual Daily Wire Plus membership for Labor Day.


Okay, so let me begin with the state of the race. I always begin with the state of the race because you can't really gauge a success or failure at any political moment in time unless you know the backdrop. So the backdrop is this. This race remains a dead heat according to a brand new Wall Street Journal poll. Kamala Harris is now at 48%. Donald Trump is at 47% just head to head. No third party candidates. She's up 47 to 45. However, the margin of error is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. And remember when they say that the margin of error is two point a half percentage points, they mean that if Kamala Harris is at 47%, she could be at 49.5 and she could also be at 44.5.


So in other words, you have no idea who's leading this race. This thing is a dead heat. It also happens to be the case that we're in a dead heat in all of the major swing states at this point, and that now has expanded to include places like North Carolina and Georgia. So we have a dead heat. We have not yet had a debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump. And there's been a hue and cry from people like me for 40 days that Kamala Harris has answered zero difficult questions. So last night at long last, she finally sat down and are we gonna, are we gonna move? See, here's the thing about that interview. Dana Bash, who's the interviewer for CNN, did a horrifyingly bad job. She would ask a somewhat difficult question to Kamala Harris and then Kamala Harris would wriggle her way out of the question.


And then Dana Bash would be one question away from just poking her. And Kamala Harris could have been flying off the cliff because the thing she was saying made no sense. One little prod and Kamala Harris is a, is a bug on the windshield somewhere. Dana Bash knew that. So she wasn't gonna do that. So instead she started feeding her answers, she started avoiding the follow ups that would have hurt her. So Dana Bash did not do her job last night. That is not a giant shock. Also worth noting, this interview was a grand total of 26 minutes, 27 minutes. Kamala Harris talked for 16 of them. One 16 minute interview is not going to do it. It is not going to do it for Kamala Harris.


Not only that, the aesthetics of the interview were awful. You just put up a screen cap of the interview. Any of these clips, just any, any screen cap from all three of them, please. There we go. so here you can see what this interview looked like. It looks like trash. Apparently they did this in a cafe. They wanted to do it with people sitting around. But the problem was they had safety protocols, so they couldn't do that. So instead they emptied out the cafe. So as my friend Matt Walsh says, they looked like they were doing this from the inside of a small town airport waiting because there was a flight delay. Not only that, this thing was staged poorly. Tim Walls is taller than Kamala Harris.


She's not a very tall woman. She looks like he has brought her to the principal's office. That's what he looks like. I tweeted out that it looks like she brought her dad to the McDonald's interview. That's what this image looks like. It is a bad look. It is poorly lit. It is dark. It is weirdly drained of all color. So it, it looks almost gray scale this interview because of the lighting. Tim Walls is in the foreground. Kamala Harris is in the background, which makes her look even smaller than she normally is. And you've got Dana Bashian profile. So it's a very, very weird aesthetic. It's not flattering to Kamala Kamala. Harris requires the flattering camera shot.


She does, just aesthetically speaking. She requires the upshot and she needs to look taller than she is. She requires bright colors around her because that makes her look vibrant and filled with joy. You put her in a black and white movie in an abandoned coffee shop in Georgia and what she looks like is a middle manager at a bank that is never going to make upper management because she's not qualified. And who brought her dad to an interview? That's what it looked like. Says, says Bad. Look right off the bat, bad look. She then happened to not be good. Kamala Harris is not qualified to be president. She doesn't look qualified to be president. But


there's only one cell phone company that is qualified to be your cell in one company. They give you free premium access to the media you actually care about. That would be Pure Talk. This is the best offer Pure Talk has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That's right. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month. And you'll get a one year free subscription to Daily Wire Plus. The Daily Wire Plus Insider plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman, Mr. Bertram foundations of the West and more. Plus you get all our daily shows uncensored and ad free. The only way you can get this special offer you have to head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. I'm telling you to stop over paying for your cell phone plan for a long time. If you haven't yet made the switch over to Pure Talk, now would be the moment. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider. Plus you get the great cell phone coverage from Pure Talk. And on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today to get started.


The big takeaways from this interview are a few. One, Kamala Harris is now attempting to obscure every policy position she ever took. She's now attempting to pretend that she didn't believe any of the things she said back in 2019. She's running to the middle by lying to you. So that is the most important thing. And she should be called on those lies. Dana Bash did it like a little, little, little bit last night, but not nearly enough. It's up to Donald Trump and his campaign to do that, particularly in the September 10th debate. All those lines of attack are wide open. Kamala Harris has shifted virtually every position she ever held. And she has explained zero of those shifts. So that's point number one. Point number two, you get her off the teleprompter, even in a friendly interview like this, she's a disaster area.


Truly bad wandering all over the landscape in search of an idea, filling the time with DIC platitudes, like when we think about the significance of, she does the same trick that you did when you were in fifth grade and the teacher asked you a prompt on an essay question and you repeated the essay question as the beginning of your essay. So your teacher would ask you about Tom Sawyer. Why did Tom Sawyer get his friends to paint the fence, say the importance of Tom Sawyer getting his friends to paint the that That's what she does whenever she needs to stall for time. That is her shtick. And she does it all the time. And, it comes off truly poorly.


She was incapable of answering it. Very simple, basic softball questions in a convincing way. She looked incredibly nervous throughout the interview. Her affect was very, very nervous. She did not look comfortable. She does not look comfortable with Tim Walls. They do not look like they have an amazing dual dynamic unless they're actually on the move and bopping about town. The minute they sit down and have to talk about policy. She looks like a person who should never be elevated again, above middle management. She does not have natural leadership quality. She's not sitting there confidently telling you her positions. She looks as though she's filing through very slowly. 'cause she's not all that bright. The note cards in her head looking for what she needs to say about a thing because even she doesn't know what she believes about the thing and Tim Walls doesn't know what she believes about the thing.


So just the the kind of general affect off-putting awkward, sort of strange didn't feel particularly like a joyous inauguration. Queen K here was. She was gone. There was no Kamala Harris Empress of politics here. This was Kamala Harris, mid-level, small town mayor. That's what this felt like. And that's putting aside all the lies and all the Prevarications and Dana Bash not following up and Tim Walls doing his best used car salesman routine. It was a bad performance. Now is it gonna be an overwhelming bad reaction to Kamala Harris's performance? No, because we set the bar in American politics solo that if she didn't physically crap her pants like Joe Biden had been doing, then this meant that she was some sort of apotheosis of articulateness.


But in reality it was not good. And you can feel the vibe shift. And this is the thing, if Kamala Harris' campaign is all about vibes, if it's all about the dancing and if it's all about the cooking and if it's all about her getting Doritos, if it's all about that, then Kamala Harris is in good shape. If for just one single solitary second, the joy is drained. And what you actually feel like is that you're at the DMB with a person who's not particularly good at her job. She has a serious problem on her hands. And that's what it felt like last night. You couldn't watch that in feel joy. You couldn't. The entire campaign has been built around joy. There is nothing joyous about this interview. She looks like she doesn't wanna be there. Tim Walls looks like he doesn't wanna be there. Dana Bash looks like she wants to be there, but has no idea what to ask.


As Dana Bash knows, she's gotta catch 22. If she pushes Harris too hard and Harris loses, Dana Bash will then be blamed for Harris losing. If she doesn't push her enough, then people like me will say, truthfully, Dana did not do her job last night, which she did not. So now let's get to the actual interview. Remember Dana Bash was selected for this interview specifically because she's very friendly to the Harris Walls campaign. There's a reason they didn't do this interview, but a far bigger audience with like Lester Holt, right? The networks get way bigger numbers than CNNC. NN has awful numbers generally speaking, but they chose Dana Bash because they knew they were gonna get some softball questions. So this thing leads off. And Dana Bash starts by praising the campaign bus outside and the F at Kamala Harris has been told by her handlers, by the way, not to laugh ever.


Like, don't laugh, make sure no one wants to hear the cackle. Try to keep it hemmed in. And so she does read stage directions, right? I will say this for Kamala Harris, she knows she's not a good actress, but she's workmanlike in fulfilling the stage directions. So if the order is don't laugh, then she doesn't. Instead she kind of awkwardly grins and pretends joy. But there is no joy here. There was no joy in Mudville. Here was the beginning of the interview, Mad vice president. Governor Wal, thank you so much for sitting down with me and bringing the bus. The bus tour is well underway here in Georgia. We're so happy. And Tim Walls there. There is the happy Corgi. I see the media got very angry at my Corgi metaphor yesterday.


Yes, folks, it's a metaphor and a joke. I'm sorry that you don't like metaphors and jokes about the Minnesota Corgi, who by the way, proved that he's an idiot last night as we'll. Demonstrate.


Well, while the media get mad, because I made a Corgi joke about Tim Walls, it turns out serious things are In fact happening in the world. The IDF is on high alert in preparation for an Iranian attack right now, hospitals who already prepared themselves to deal with mass casualties, major airlines have halted all flights in Bangorian Airport in Tel Aviv. Israelis have been told to prepare for at least three days that power and electricity. In the event of such an attack. Israelis across the country could be forced to spend days or weeks in bomb shelters. While those shelters keep Israeli safe, they do need to be equipped with basic essentials for survival like food and water. The fellowship has launched a project to immediately equip a bomb shelters with emergency food boxes for Israelis who have to remain there in case of an Iranian attack. 10,000 of these food boxes have been delivered. We're preparing to deliver thousands more in Northern Israel. They've delivered firefighting equipment, protective equipment for hospitals, two bulletproof vehicles, and much more to enhance security and protect both ordinary citizens and first responders. We are looking for 300 more listeners to join me by donating a hundred bucks to meet these urgent security needs. Thanks to a generous IFCJ supporter, your gift will be matched doubling your impact in the holy land. We're really grateful for my loyal listeners. We are really close to hitting the goal. We need all the support we can get. We have a few days left until the match campaign ends September 8th to give two IFCJ visit Ben for the fellowship.org. That's Ben for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


Okay, so Dan Bash, her first question was, what are you gonna do day one? Now, this is legitimately the easiest question in American politics. If you have spent any amount of time in American politics and you've ever thought about running for president or what you would do as president, the first thing you think is, what would I do day one? You could have asked Joe Biden this question anytime in 2020, and he would've listed off a bunch of things. Donald Trump can tell you today. What would he do on the very first day? This is the most predictable, obvious, and easy question. And all Kamala Harris has to say about this question is, I would close the border. The problem for her is that she's the current vice president of the United States. So anything she says that is an executive policy shift is an inherent rebuke of the current president who is her boss, even though he is dead.


And that's the problem for her. If she says, I'm gonna do all these world beating changes day one, the follow up from Dana could theoretically be so why don't you do them now? As we'll. See, she did actually ask that question a little bit later on in the interview. So Kamala Harris, the problem for her is that she actually hasn't thought about these things. Like at all Kamala. Harris is simply an empty vessel doing whatever the party machine says she ought to do at any given time. That means in 2019, she's anti-fracking. And today she loves fracking. It means that in 2019 she was open borders, and today she's a border hawk Kamala. Harris is a fresh coat of paint on a turd. That's all she is. The machine is the turd, Kamala Harris is the fresh coat of paint. That's it. So she's asked by Deanna Basher, what are you gonna do? Day one?


And she proceeds to start chopping that word salad. Kamala Harris, she loves to cook and we say she likes to cook. What we mean is she gets out the words, she gets out the machete and she goes to town. Here we go. You have less time to make your case to voters than any candidate in modern American history. The voters are really eager to hear what your plans are. If you are elected, what would you do on day one in the White House? Well, there are a number of things I will tell you. First and foremost, one of my highest priorities is to do what we can to support and strengthen the middle class. When I look at wow, the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American People, there's the word salad, aspirations, goals, ambitions.


Wow. People Are ready for The A new way forward. A new way forward. Oh, platitudes In a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by in a way that by hope and by optimism, hope, Hope and optimism. I think sadly in the last decade, we have had in the former president someone who has really been pushing an agenda and an environment that is about diminishing the character and the strength of who we are as Americans. Okay? That is an objectively awful answer. That's an objectively terrible answer. Let me remind you, the actual question was, if you are elected, what would you do on day one in the White House?


Now I'm gonna break this down for a second, because it is everything. It is who Kamala Harris is as a human and as a politician. She said, well, there are a number of things. Hey, now when you say there are a number of things, what you would expect is now a list of executive actions you would take on the very first day. That's what Joe Biden did. He came into office and he signed a hundred thousand executive orders, completely overturning, say, a safe border, for example, or achieving equity inside various administrative agencies. She says, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do a number of things. What are those things, Kamala? Well, I will tell you first and foremost, one of my highest priorities is to do what we can. Okay? That entire phrase means nothing. You can just take it and trash it. It means literally nothing. It is just her vamping for time.


That is all. It's just crap. So she could have just said, well, there are a number of things. Support and strengthen the middle class. But support and strength in the middle class isn't something you can do on day one. Is there an executive order that says support and strengthen the middle class? If so, I think we should all sign it. I mean that would be quite magical. That's not an actual thing you can do on day one, because that's nothing. It's nothing. She follows up that nothing burger with this nothing burger. When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people, again, totally meaningless phrase. Totally, totally. When I look at the, the goals, aspirations, achievements, wants, needs, desires of the American, like just gets out, that rose's the source and starts going right through it.


I think people are ready for a new way forward. Oh my gosh. As opposed to a new way backward, of course, a new way forward in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by hope and by optimism. Okay? We are now a full paragraph deep, and she has said zero things. She is the candidate of nothing. She's the candidate of emptiness. Boo boo, the queen of slime. She, it's just awful. It's just awful stuff. It's just crap. And then she says, I think sadly, at least in the last decade, we have had in the former president someone who's really been pushing an agenda in an environment. Okay? Now I'm just gonna point out the last decade. That's a period of time. And as we will know from Kamala Harris, she thinks a lot about the significance of the passage of time. She has all these verbal crutches.


Significance is a big one. Time is another big one, okay? But she says that the last decade has been the real problem. Now, again, I may not be a mathematician, folks, but it is the year 2024, the last decade thus began. If you're going to go back 10 years in 2014, the president in 2014 was a man named Barack Obama. Barack Obama was president in 20 14, 20 15, and 2016. That's three years. Then Donald Trump was president for four years. And then Joe Biden has been president for three and a half years. So of the last decade, a majority of it Democrats ran the place. So she's like, the last decade was really bad.


I'm sorry. You're the sitting vice president of the United States. That's your fault. It's your fault. Now, later, Dan Bash will ask her about that and she will completely explode, right? The gears will stop clicking and they'll start slipping And. It'll be a real problem for her. But that is her initial answer. Again, the question was, what will you do day one? And she proceeds to vomit nothing, just dry hea up a bunch of gobbledygook, and then Dan Bash has to follow up. And she's like, so I'm just gonna reiterate, what do you wanna do? Like day one? And she's like, would you like some more dry heaving? Let's do it. So what would you do day one? Day one, it's gonna be about one, implementing my plan for what I call an opportunity economy. Oh, what you call an opportunity economy. Already laid on a number of proposals in that regard, which include what we're gonna do to bring down the cost of everyday goods, what we're gonna do to invest in America's Small businesses.


What we're gonna do. That's Another paragraph of nothing In families. For example, extending the child tax credit to $6,000 for families for the first year of their child's life, to help them buy a car seat, to help them buy baby clothes a crib. There's the work that we're gonna do that is about investing in the American family around affordable housing. A big issue in our country right now. So there are a number of things on day one. So literally the only proposal that's concrete that she makes there is to extend the child tax credit to $6,000, which is effectively a a welfare scheme. I mean that is what she wants to do is give more money to people. By the way, it's not earmarked for their spending. She's gonna throw money at people.


Okay? That's the one thing she says. So we're now, you know, several minutes into this interview, and she has said pretty much nothing. That is just the beginning. It gets worse from here. So Dan B asks her about the opportunity economy. Here is where this goes. You call it the opportunity economy. You are well aware that right now many Americans are struggling. There's a crisis of affordability. Yeah. One of your campaign themes is, we're not going back, but I wonder what you say to voters who do wanna go back when it comes to the economy, specifically because their groceries were less expensive.


Housing was more affordable when Donald Trump was president. Well, let's start with the fact that when Joe Biden and I came in office during the height of a pandemic, we saw over 10 million jobs were lost. People I mean literally. We were all tracking the numbers. Hundreds of people a day were dying because of Covid. The economy had crashed. Actually, the economy is in recovery In large part. All of that, because of mismanagement by Donald Trump of that crisis, more People died of covid under Her. When we came in, our highest priority was to do what we could to rescue America. And today we know that we have inflation at under 3%.


Pause it there. Okay, so I'm gonna point out right here, this is where Dan B should jump in and say, Donald Trump's inflation rate, when you he left office was 1.4%. Your inflation rate today is 3%. The Federal Reserve shoots for 2%. You've had 40 year highs in inflation, right? That should be the follow up. The follow up should be, you say you now brought it down below 3%, while Congrat a fricking, all groceries are now 20 to 25% higher than they were when you took office. So how about that? But of course, there was no follow up along these lines. A lot of our policies have led to the reality that America recovered faster than any wealthy nation around the world. But you are right.


Prices in particular for groceries are still too high. The American people know it. I know it. Which is why my agenda includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries. For example, dealing with an issue like price gouging. What we need to do to extend the child tax credit to help young families be able to take care of their children in their most formative years. What we need to do to bring down the cost of housing. Okay? So this is where Dan Bash theoretically should dig in, right? She should say to her, okay, let's talk about price gouging. Do you really believe that food is too expensive? Because the people over at Kroger's and Publix and Ralph's are just really, really, is that, is that your proposal? Is that your thing? But no, is there any digging? Of course not Kamala Harris will not be made to answer for any of her policy.


Vagaries certainly not by Dana Bash.


But you are answerable to your family. If God forbid you die and he didn't leave life insurance, I mean you'll be dead. But it's still gonna be really bad. Like your family needs help. Go to Policy Genius. The country's at leading online insurance marketplace. They're experts at helping you secure your family's financial future quicker than Kamala. Harris can change those policy positions. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you. If you leave your job with Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Impressive, right? Their platform combines cutting edge technology with human expertise. You get access to quotes from top insurers, find the best rates, receive guidance from licensed professionals throughout the process. Remember, Policy Genius works for you, not the insurance companies. Their recommendations are based on your needs, not commission structures. Let Policy Genius help you plan for your family's future because true peace of mind comes from knowing you've taken care of what matters most. Be ready for the future with Policy Genius. Head on over to Policy Genius dot com slash Shapiro, or click the link in the description, Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's Policy Genius dot com slash Shapiro.


Okay, but I will say this, Dan B had asked the question that I've been asking. So half marks, stay Anna Bashier, she says, I noticed that you're talking about a lot of the things that you want to do. You've been vice president for three and a half years. Why didn't you do any of them? You have been vice president for three and a half years. Yeah, the steps that you're talking about now, why haven't you done them already? Well, first of all, we had to recover as an economy, and we have done that. I'm very proud of the work that we have done that has brought inflation down to less than 3% the work that we have done to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors. Donald Trump said he was gonna do a number of things, including allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices. Never happened.


We did it. So Bash follows up and she says, so are you saying Biden nos is a success? And again, these are all things that Kamala Harris should have answers to, and she doesn't because if she says Biden Nos is a success, that is a campaign commercial. And if she says Omics is not a success, that's a campaign commercial. So instead she filibusters You, maintain omics is a success. I maintain that when we do the work of bringing down prescription medication for the American people, including capping the cost of the annual cost of prescription medication for seniors at $2,000 when we do what we did. Okay? And then she, and then she just word salads this thing. Okay? So again, do you get the feeling from her? This is a woman who is confident in her ability to handle crisis.


This is a person who is solid in her belief system. Is that what you got? I don't get that. I don't feel any of this. By the way, Tim Walls has spoken almost no words at this point, which means she brought him along again as her emotional support animal. He's just sitting there the whole time doing nothing, doing nothing. Looking big and white and Midwestern. That's literally his job. He's just sitting there doing that the whole time. It's super strange. It's real weird. Now, the real, the the real reason that she brought Tim Walls, they're not just because he's an emotional support animal and because she was hoping that he would eat up some time if things started to get a little bit dicey. But also because she's hoping that having appeared now with Tim Walls, she can avoid all further interviews until after the debate, that's going to be the outcome of this.


She will not do another major quote unquote adversarial interview for another two weeks. She's gonna wait until the ballots start going out, and she's gonna count on the American people being stupid enough to be willing to gamble on her, despite the fact that she's a liar about everything And. it shifted all of her positions. That was the whole goal. Just get this thing off the table without a major, without a major boo boo. There were some somewhat major boo boos as we'll get to in a moment. But the biggest booboo of all is that the veneer is off. The finish is off. This shiny brand new object has been dented, not by bash, but by Kamala. Harris herself, who's not good at this. So perhaps the most damaging segment of this interview is where Dana Bash asked, you know, when you were in Congress, you supported the Green New Deal and you wanted to be on fracking.


So what changed for you When you were in Congress? You supported the Green New Deal and in 2019 you said, quote, there is no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Fracking, as you know, is a pretty big issue. Sure. Particularly in your must win state of Pennsylvania. Sure. Do you still want to ban fracking? No. And I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020 that I would not ban fracking as vice president. I did not ban fracking as president. I will not ban fracking In 2019, I believe, at a town hall. You said you were asked, would you commit to implementing a federal ban on fracking on your first day in office? And you said, there's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking.


So yes. So it changed in the, in that campaign In 2020, I made very clear where I stand. We are in 2024 and I've not changed that position, nor will I going forward. I kept my word and I will keep my word. Let's be clear. My values have not changed. I believe it is very important that we take seriously what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate. And to do that, we can do what we have accomplished thus far. The inflation. Okay, that's enough of this nonsense. So there's a lot to unpack here. She's asked about the fact that she used to want ban fracking in 2019. So first she lies and says that she reversed her position in 2020.


She didn't, she repeated Joe Biden's position in 2020. She was the vice presidential nominee at that time. At no point in her presidential campaign before she stepped out, did she ever reverse her position on fracking? So she's lying in 2020. She was then Joe Biden's vp and she said, Joe Biden does not support a ban on fracking. Which is true 'cause Joe Biden is less of an idiot than Kamala Harris even his in his state of dementia. Kamala Harris is just a big bag of bumper stickers.


But here's the thing. In a world's rife with cancel culture, wearing your beliefs on your sleeve isn't just a metaphor. It's a radical act of free speech. If you dare to express an opinion, the woke mob does not particularly like they'll come after you. This happens all the time. That's why I'm excited to tell you about the Daily Wires partnership with sticker Mule. Sticker Mule isn't just any old merch company. They're the Internet's favorite place for custom stickers, magnets, and more. Plus, they're based sticker mule's. Co-founder and CEO recently vocalized his support for President Trump. Calling for an end to political hate in the wake of the assassination attempt on Trump. And now they're bringing you exclusive DailyWire merch by shopping at sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire. You're not just getting awesome merch, you're supporting free speech and standing up against leftist groupthink. You're saying I won't be silenced by the woke mob. Let's be honest, nothing triggers a socialist faster than a well-placed facts don't care about your feeling sticker. Yes. Yes. A portion of every sale goes directly to support The Daily DailyWire, which means you're helping us continue to bring you hard hitting truth. Legacy medium won't touch. So head on over to sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire today. Make your voice heard. That's sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire sticker Mule dot com slash DailyWire.


So she lies about her own position. Then she says, and I've not changed my position since, and then she says, my values haven't changed. This is all an internal contradiction. Logically, you can't say, my values never changed, but my policies changed. But now you should believe me, because they never changed that it, it's utterly unworkable. Totally unworkable. So then Dan Bash starts actually trying to feed her the answers. She says, was there some sort of, you know, policy thing that made you, like, what made you change? Maybe you changed because you know, you saw new data, or maybe you changed 'cause you evolved. Like Dana Bash is so upset with how this is going, that she starts feeding her multiple choice answers.


Was there some policy or scientific data that you saw that you said, oh, okay, I get it now. What I have seen is that we can, we can grow and we can increase a thriving clean energy economy without banning fracking. Okay, Okay. Okay. Well, I mean, I'm glad that you repeated the answer you just gave her back to you. That's exciting. Have you seen some new data? I, yes. In fact, I, I, I have, I have. Look at how she has to think about every single word coming out of her mouth. There's nothing naturalistic about Kamala Harris' politics. Nothing. You could not wake her up at three in the morning and ask her her positions. You couldn't. You could, for anyone who watches politics, if you, if you woke me up at three in the morning and asked my position on abortion, I actually could give it to you.


If you woke Kamala Harris at three in the morning and said, what do you believe about fracking today? She would immediately have to fire off an angry letter to her inferiors, trying to have them explain what is the best position she should take at this very moment. Pathetic, pathetic stuff. Again, she's not, she's not primetime ready. She's not. She is an actor who can act in front of a camera when given lines, when given a teleprompter and when given stage directions. And when she's not given that she's toast, she has a major, major problem. And then Dan Bash gets to her border czar job. Now, Dan Bash never asked her about being border czar because there's been a, an order put down, presumably at CNN. You must never say border czar because that might mean she's in charge of the border policy.


And Harris then defends her work on the border and blames Donald Trump for the border. This dog ain't gonna hunt folks. This is weak tea. As Vice President, you were tasked with addressing the root causes of migration in southern countries and Northern part of Central America, The northern part of, of, of Central America that deals with, that affects the southern border of the US. During the Biden Harris administration, there were record numbers of illegal border crossings. Why did the Biden Harris administration wait three and a half years to implement sweeping asylum restrictions? Well, first of all, the root causes work that I did as vice president that I was asked to do by the president, has actually resulted in a number of benefits, including historic investments by American business, Historic Investments in that region.


Investments, the number of immigrants coming from that region has actually reduced Since we can the all time highs. I will say this, that Joe Biden and I and our administration worked with members of the United States Congress on an immigration. Okay. And then she blames Trump. Okay? Again, there's no answer to this. So Bash asks again in 2019, you raised your hand when you were asked whether the border should be decriminalized. And then Kamala was like, but I was a tough on crime prosecutor. No, you weren't. You were a San Francisco liberal prosecutor. You were like a George Soros prosecutor in California. One other question about something that you said in 2019 when you first ran, there was a debate.


You raised your hand when asked whether or not the border should be decriminalized. Do you still believe that? I believe there should be consequence. We have laws that have to be followed and enforced that address and deal with people who cross our border illegally. And there should be consequence. Let's, it's just, let's, in this race, I'm the only person who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations who You have not prosecuted anyone for illegal immigration. No one, The only person in this race who actually served a border state as Attorney General to enforce our laws, California was a giant vacuum for illegal immigration going Forward.


I recognize the problem. I lived there when she was ag illegal immigrants were crossing into the state like nobody's business when she was ag. They still are. It's ridiculous. She's a ridiculous person. She's a totally ridiculous person. So Bash asks her again, the key question, you keep saying that you're changing all your policies. Why, why? And then she start again. The word salad is so thick, it's just a miasma of nothing. It's a miasma of foggy. Nothing. It's unbelievable that people take these folks seriously. She is just not bright enough to be president of the United States. I'm sorry that she's stupid. You picked her. And the way I can tell she's stupid is because she answers questions the same way a college freshman would in their first intro to philosophy class.


It is total nonsensical gobbledygook, jargony, trash. Here we go. How should voters look at some of the changes that you've made, that you've explained some of here in your policy? Is it because you have more experience now and you've learned more about the information? Is it because you were running for president in a Democratic primary and should they feel comfortable and confident that what you're saying now is gonna be your policy moving forward? Dan? I think the, the, the most important and most significant aspect of Important, significant, my policy Perspective and decisions is my values have not changed.


Keep Saying the number, number, You mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed, and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real. That it is an urgent matter to Which t which we should apply metric setting Include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. Okay. Stop it right there. That's enough. I can't, I, I can't. I cannot. I can't. I can't. Okay, first of all, again, her body language is that this is an adversarial interview. Danna is a friend. Dana Bash is a friend of the campaign. And this is an adversarial interview. 'cause she's not capable. She's incapable. And let me just read you the sentences that came out of her face whole slowly here. Danna, I think the, the, the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions, total vacuous crap.


My values have not changed. All she had to say there was my values have not changed. Then she says, you mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed, and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real. That it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. Wow. Deep thoughts, deadlines around time. My god, you mean as opposed to deadlines around space, deadlines around mass, deadlines around height. Deadlines around time. I, I wish I had thought of that. I wish I had thought of deadlines around time. You know what? I should actually try that with the staff. Maybe that's why we're always running behind. Whenever I set a deadline, I'm like, you know what guys? You have a deadline. The deadline is three kilograms. And they're like, what?


I'm like, yes, three kilograms. Like, could you translate it in terms of time? I'm like, oh my God, I should have thought of that. A deadline around time. She is a dullard. She's a dullard. I'm sorry that it's taking the veneer off your joy that you were so joyous. Oh my God. Joe Biden's dead. And we find the queen is here. Oh my God. Slay queen. Oh, so Dr. She's dancing and cooking. Oh, joy. And then it turns out that you found a stupid person and the stupid person that you picked for vice president was the only person you could consolidate around. And then she gives stupid answers. 'cause she's stupid. It's not my fault. She's stupid. It's your fault. She's stupid. You picked her. These answers are stupid.


They're stupid people answers. I'm sorry if I'm getting a little exercised about this, but I feel like we now live in a stupid person's political world. Very, very stupid. Just generally speaking, I know I hold myself too the standard of, you know, there was a time when Abraham Lincoln was the president of the United States. But hell, there was a time when Bill Clinton, who's a pretty smart guy, was president of the United States. Even if he was wrong about a lot of things. Even Barack Obama was a fairly smart individual. This person is stupid with eight o's in the middle. And they keep trying to pretend that there is something there. There is no there, there. It's like Guru Stein's explanation of Oakland. There's no there there. But they keep trying to make fetch happen. They keep trying it, they keep trying it.


There's a reason they're gonna keep her away from the cameras. They have to, they don't have a choice. They have to keep her away from the cameras. And in second we'll get to the person she picked for her second in command Tim Walls, who just, when I said that he is a, a stupid corgi, when I said that he's got the dumb sitcom dad energy, he then went out and actually just did it. He actually just did it in this interview. We'll get to that in just one second.


First reminder, labor Day Sale is here right now. Get 40% off new annual Daily Wire Plus memberships at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Labor 40 at checkout with the most important election of our lifetime looming. You do need facts not left-wing propaganda. Here's what you get with Daily Wire Plus Uncensored ad free daily shows from the most trusted names in the media. Our full catalog of culture shaping documentaries and series on demand live breaking news, hard hitting investigative journalism, plus comprehensive election coverage. We're tracking every race, exposing every liberal lie, giving you the unfiltered facts to make informed decisions. So this Labor Day weekend, join us as we fight the left and build the future. Head on over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Right now use code Labor 40 for 40% off new Daily Wire Plus annual memberships.


Also, this Sunday got a brand new episode of the Sunday special with Dr. Jordan B. Peterson. Of course, Jordan doesn't need an introduction. In this latest episode, we discuss Jordan's latest Daily Wire Plus series Foundations of the West. Jordan traveled to Jerusalem, Athens, and Rome to uncover the ancient roots of Western civilization. I was privileged to join in on the conversation. It was just awesome. And we talk all about that plus a variety of other things, including the importance of biblical stories. Here's a bit of the trailer, There's nothing better possible than what will happen to you if you tell the truth. It doesn't matter how it looks to you. And that's a terrifying thing, you know? 'cause obviously you get in trouble for telling the truth. That's why everyone lies. And I believe that I And how could it be otherwise?


Whatcha gonna do? You're gonna make the, you're gonna make the proposition that you bring about the order that is good in the world by lying. Who the hell believes that? No one believes that. They might think they can get away with it, they might use it for manipulative purposes, but no one thinks that the path to paradise is paved with lies. If you believed that it would destroy you if you truly believed it. Don't miss this awesome episode of the Sunday special with Jordan B. Peterson. So let's, let's be real. I've been a little harsh on Kamala Harris here, right? Because I keep saying that she's not particularly smart, that she's kind of dumb and I'm not apologizing for that. 'cause I mean she is.


I'm sorry she is again, I didn't do it. You guys did it. Dana Bash was handing her questions on a silver platter questions for which she should have been amply prepared. And she was incapable of answering any of those questions. By the way, one additional answer she should have had prepared here. So Dan Bash did ask her about Joe Biden's capacity to do four more years. She said, you know, you're a big defender of Joe Biden saying that Joe Biden was with us And. it turns out that Joe Biden wasn't with us. Do you have any regrets about that? This is where Dan Bash with one follow up question could have finished Kamala Harris, but she didn't ask it 'cause she didn't wanna do that. But here was Kamala Harris maintaining that Joe Biden is still today as he sleeps on a beach sharp with it.


Intelligent, the follow-up question would've been, so why isn't he running? Why did you go along with the coup? You can't have it both ways. Either he's incapable of being president and the candidate, or he's fully capable. In which case you shouldn't be here. I should be interviewing the old man. MCC Kamala. Harris is stuck between a rock and a hard place. 'cause Democrats wanted both ways. Here we go. You were a very staunch defender of President Biden's capacity to serve another four years. Right after the debate, you insisted that President Biden is extraordinarily strong, given where we are now. Do you have any regrets about what you told the American people? No, not at all. Not at all. I have served with President Biden for almost four years now, and I'll tell you, it's one of the greatest honors of my career.


Truly. He cares so deeply about the American people. He is so smart and and loyal to the American people. She says, with the knife still in her hand from his back Hours upon hours with him, be it in the Oval Office or the situation room. He has the intelligence, the commitment, and the judgment and disposition that I think the American people rightly deserve in their President. By contrast, the former president has none of that. Of course, the last three and a half years has been part of your administration. I'm talking about an era that started about a decade ago where there is some suggestion warped.


I believe it to be that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down. God, she's so terrible. She's so terrible. Again, where's the follow up? Why didn't Den ask You? Keep talking about him in these glowing terms. In fact, if I played an interview of you now talking about Joe Biden in an interview before he dropped out and before the debate, there'd be identical. So why is he out? Why are you here? What are you doing here? If he's incapable, why don't you use the 25th Amendment to get the man who's had a clear schedule for the last two weeks in the middle of an international crisis in the Middle East in Ukraine. Lot of bad stuff happening. Where is he? Does D ask any of those questions? Of course not.


Okay, now we get to the even Dumber member of the pair of Tim Walls. So Tim Walls I mentioned yesterday, and apparently the media didn't like it. That he is a stupid corgi. That he has high levels of enthusiasm and very low levels of intelligence. Tim Walls, he's, he's doing the whole, I'm a Midwestern dad thing. He's doing that thing a lot. The coach walls thing. But here's the thing. He lies all the time. He lied about his DUI back in 1995. He lied about his military service. He lies about pretty much all in his resume. It's possible to lie about. He does it all the time. And so then Tim Walls just said, the thing I I mean, I've been saying he's kind of a dummy and a liar. And so he had to pick one. So he picked dummy.


So again, the media were angry at me for calling him a stupid corgi yesterday. Well then he just said he was a stupid corgi. So your problem, not mine. I wanna ask you a question about how you've described your service in the National Guard. You said that you carried weapons in war, but you have never deployed actually in a war zone. A campaign of official said that you misspoke. Did you? Well, first of all, I'm incredibly proud. I've done 24 years of wearing the uniform of this country. Equally proud of my service in a public school classroom, whether it's Congress or, or the governor. My record speaks for itself. But I think people are coming to get to know me. I, I speak like they do.


I speak candidly. I wear my emotions on my sleeves and yeah. You know, yeah. I speak especially passionately about, about our children being shot in schools and around, around guns. So I think people know me. They know who I am. They know where, where my heart is. And again, my record has been out there for over 40 years to, to speak for itself. And The, the idea that you said that you were in war. Yeah. Did you misspeak as the campaign has said? Yeah, I said, we were talking about, in this case, this was after a school shooting the ideas of carrying these weapons of war. And my wife, the English, she told my grammar's not always correct. You know, maybe don't speak the English good. That's the thing. I was a coach. I've been hitting that a few times. I mean my English.


I know English just isn't good. Me, no me, no speak the English. No. Fre de Okay. You didn't say that he carried weapons in war 'cause your English wasn't good. 'cause you know, speak at D English to good. Now, Tim Walls, supposedly a teacher doesn't know grammar. He big stupid man from Midwest, he knows, expected to not lie. He's stupid.


So here's the thing. If you would like your kid not to be stupid, like Tim malls, you should use Prager U. Is America headed in the right direction? A majority of Gen Z supports left-wing policies like open borders and socialism. If we don't reach them and change their minds, the country we know and love will be lost forever. Prager U is the leading nonprofit when it comes to influencing young people. We here at Daily, we, I've been working with Prager U for years. We literally used to share office space with them. So they share our principles. And yours, Prager uses educational, entertaining, pro-American videos. Meet young people where they are online and open their minds to the truth. But they do need your help. Go to PragerU u.com, make a tax deductible donation. Whatever you give right now will be tripled and have three times the impact. Donate 10 bucks, it triples to 30 bucks. Give a hundred bucks, it triples to 300 bucks. PR you is 100% free to everyone. No fees, no subscriptions. They don't rely on ads or clickbait headlines, contrary to what the left says, PR you is not funded by a handful of billionaires is funded by people like you and like me. In order to keep making great content, reaching millions and changing minds, PragerU, you needs your help, please make a 100% tax deductible donation at PragerU you.com today. Your gift will be triple. That's PragerU you.com today to get started.


Why are so, his excuse is, I'm an idiot who doesn't know grammar. You teach at a high school. That's your entire campaign. Your entire campaign is that you are a down home, high school teacher, but you don't know how prepositions work. How about that time that you were holding an actual sign that said that you were a veteran of the Afghan war, like in 2004? How about that? Was that also bad grammar? He's a liar. He's a liar. But again, when it comes to lying, you really have only two excuses. He couldn't just say he again, Dan's trying to feed him the answer. Dan's like, did you misspeak? Did you misspeak his? He should just said, yes, I misspoke. I wasn't in war. I was in the military for 24 years. I made a mistake, I misspoke.


It came out wrong. Instead, we get the, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't misspeak. My grammar's just bad. I don't know how sentences work in English. Wow, what a, what a high powered couple. This, this ticket is just, just amazing, amazing stuff. Honestly, the most amusing part of this interview was when Kamala Harris started to tell the story of how she found out that Joe Biden had dropped outta the race. I, I do love it when interview subjects will turn to an interviewer and do what Kamala does right here. Which is she will, she says to Tana, I'm gonna give you a little, you know, I don't know, wanna give too much information. Tana's like, go on. There's no go on. There's no such thing as too much information. There's no TMI here and you're like, wow. She's gonna give too much information. Like what's the TMI gonna be? It's probably gonna be pretty juicy, right?


Yeah. Here we go. When he called you and said he was pulling outta the race, what was that like? And did he offer to endorse you right away? Or did you ask for it? It was, it was a Sunday. so here, I'll, I'll give you a little too much information. Go for it. There's no such thing. Adam, vice President, My family was staying with us and Wow. That Is a lot of information, Including my baby nieces. Oh, whoa. And we had just had pancakes and you know, auntie, can I have more bacon? Bacon? Yes. I'll make you more bacon. And then, oh my God, we were gonna sit, we were sitting down to, to do a puzzle.


Wow. Shocking information. And the phone rang And. it was Joe Biden. Wow. That was a lot of information. Too much to, in almost, and Told me what he had decided to do. And Back to the Faith Solemnity, I asked him, are you sure? And he said, yes. And, and that's how I learned about it. And what about the endorsement? Did you ask for it? He was very clear that he was gonna support Me. So when he called to tell you, he said, I'm pulling outta the race and I'm gonna support you. Well, my first thought was not about me to, my first thought was about him. Oh yeah. Right. To be honest, to be honest, to be fully honest, I'm just that humble says Kamala Harris stole his nomination, I Think's gonna show a number of things about, Oh, I don't wanna hear the rest of this.


Oh my God, did you hear all that? Too much information. That's how down home and down to earth she is. She's just, you know what? I'm gonna give you a little too much information. I was like a saint preparing bacon for my baby nieces when I got a call from Old Joe Biden. And then she puts on the expression that you would get if you heard that your grandmother wanted to be euthanized. And then he told me That's how, that's how I found out. And did you think for any second about the inheritance? No, no. No. Me? No. If you fall for this, you're as stupid as she is. If you fall for this, again, you can vote against Donald Trump because you don't like Donald Trump or you don't like his policies, fine. But please stop peeing on everybody's leg and telling us that she's a candidate of joy and intelligence and incisive brilliance.


She's clearly not, which is why they're gonna stalk her back in the teleprompter closet all the way up until the debate, because they cannot have her running around loose on the landscape. They can't, they cannot put her in front of cameras where she will answer questions without a teleprompter. They can't do it. This was as softball in interviews as it's possible to be. It was 16 minutes in a lifetime. And so what's the actual outcome? Does it end her ca And, it doesn't end her campaign. Does it change the the nature of her campaign? Yes, it does. Because again, if you watch that and you feel the joy, I'll tell you what Democrats are feeling when they watch that. What they feel is like, at best, they feel like, whew, okay. She escaped. That's what they feel.


At best. They feel like, oh my God, that's a relief. Okay. She didn't, she didn't completely go up. She didn't completely implode like Joe Biden on the debate stage. That's it. Well, I feel a little better. Right? Well, that is a big difference from Celebrate the Joy. Let's all sing YMCA together. That's a big difference. And that is a problem for Team Kamala Harris. Because without the joy, she ain't nothing. Without the manufacturer Joy, she ain't nothing. Watch CNN try to talk themselves into Kamala after this interview. Watch this. It really is. It's an impressive show. I think she did what she needed to do. What she needed to do is be the same person that people have seen on the stage for the last month and have seen a new sense of sort of confidence of calm and comfortable comfort that we haven't seen before.


I think there's been a consistent story of growth. She's been in more of these settings. I think we saw that somewhat tonight. I also think to the question about how policy positions have changed, that we're clearly ready with an answer about how the values have been consistent. It's really interesting because for someone who doesn't wanna talk about race and gender, who doesn't want to kind of put that identity forward, it is allowing her to make the case of change without kind of saying those words. And so I thought that was really in the air of this speech, and She answered every question. Now, you might not like the way she answered them, but she answered 'em as a capable, qualified leader. And I do think she, I think she moved the ball forward a little bit. Hey, those are her allies. Those are her allies. Her honestly, she might have done okay.


She moved the ball forward like a little bit. I mean, it was like not the worst thing I ever saw. Okay. That's how you know it wasn't good. And that's how you know they're going to restock her back in the teleprompter closet. That's what they're gonna do. Meanwhile, the Trump campaign is on the offense as they need to be. So yesterday the Trump campaign released an immediate ad after Kamala. Harris said that her values had not changed. Putting forward, like yeah, we know her values haven't changed because she's a radical and she always was. My values have not changed. There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. You know, we have to stay woke. Like everybody needs to be woke. And you can talk about if you're the wokes or woke, but just stay more woke than less woke.


Yeah. The people who are in convicted in prison, like the Boston Marathon Bomber on death row, people who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able to vote. I think we should have that conversation. What would you do about the millions of specifically assault weapons that are already in circulation? What do you do about those? Well, There are approximately 5,000,002 point Craig. We have to have a buyback program, and I support a mandatory buyback program. It is outdated. It is wrongheaded thinking to think that the only way you're gonna get communities to be safe is to put more police officers on the street. Bill also says, quote, every individual who is a resident of the United States is entitled to benefits for healthcare services under this act.


Not every individual who's a citizen, but every individual who's a resident. So you support giving universal healthcare, Medicare for all to people who in this country illegally. Lemme just be very clear about this. I'm opposed to any policy that would deny in our country any human being from access to public safety, public education, or public health. Period. To reiterate, you support the Medicare for All bill. I think initially, co-sponsored by Senator Bernie Sanders. You're also a co-sponsor on onset. I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance. So for people out there who like their insurance, what they don't get to keep it.


Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. How dare we speak? Merry Christmas. How dare we? And yeah, I am rad. Is my values not changed? This is true. Commonwealth values haven't changed. Yes, that is correct. So President Trump was on the stump yesterday and he was pushing precisely this, this needs to be the campaign. Her values have not changed, and all the things she says that she will do that she hasn't already done. She's not gonna do them because she had the chance. She's been vp. She know exactly what a Harris administration is going to look like. You know precisely what it's going to look like. It's gonna be Biden, but way, way worse. Here was Trump yesterday saying, she doesn't give a damn about you. You got all this joy and hopey changing nonsense going on with her.


She didn't care about you. Most ambitious person in American politics. Here's what we know about comrade Kamala Harris. She just doesn't care about the American people, especially hardworking people or middle class Americans. She just doesn't give a damn about you. He's not wrong. He's not wrong. She cares about keeping that democratic party machine happy. Meanwhile, Nicole Shanahan, who was the vice presidential running mate for RFK Jr, who has now dropped out and endorsed Donald Trump, she released a kind of fun ad in which she went after Trump derangement syndrome.


Are You or your loved ones suffering from illnesses such as TDS, also known as Trump derangement syndrome? Do you dismiss or deny the current issues facing our country, such as historic inflation, illegal immigration, corporate corruption, world War three escalations and the chronic disease epidemic? Are you willing to elect someone who was the least popular vice president in modern history and who offers no policy or vision for America? Simply because your brain keeps telling you anyone but Trump? If so, you might be struggling from TDS introducing independence. Independence allows you the freedom to finally think independently. Once again, instead of believing everything you hear from the mainstream media, independence allows for constructive critical thinking. I used to hear people on the news say things like Donald Trump and the movement he has encouraged are a threat to democracy. And I instantly believed it. With independence, I now realize the media is run by the Democrat elite, who are a corrupt oligarchy that censors free speech silences political opponents, supports forever wars and abandons democracy. By anointing its candidates, Independence may not be for everyone. If you enjoy being lied to about your president's cognitive abilities, support orian, totalitarianism, or are excited about communist fiscal policy, independence may not be right for you. Common side effects of independence may include an awakening of rational thought, successfully identifying propaganda, freedom of choice, loss of hatred, anti narcissistic behavior, and love of democracy. I used to blindly hate whoever my party was running against. I didn't care about facts or policy because I was hopelessly indoctrinated with independence. I'm much more interested in policies that uphold democracy, and I


truly care about the health of our country and its citizens. Ask your doctor if independence is right for you and enjoy your freedoms once again. Hmm. It's a good ad. It's a good ad. And meanwhile, unfortunately, Donald Trump is not escaping the law of his own missteps. So Donald Trump is running against a very weak Kamala Harris. She's made clear she doesn't have any cognitive abilities to put together two sentences without relying on platitudes and bromides and wandering around in rhetorical circles. But Trump stepped in it pretty bad yesterday. So Donald Trump was talking about ame. He was asked about Amendment four in Florida. So we discussed Amendment four in Florida.


Amendment four is a constitutional referendum that would effectively extend abortion to birth. So in the state of Florida, the Florida state of Florida has a heartbeat law. The heartbeat law says no abortion, except under certain mitigating circumstances past fetal heartbeat, which is about six weeks. Donald Trump's position on this, supposedly he, he wants it always. So he has said before that he is, he wants abortion exceptions for rape, incest life for the mother. But that's about it. So then he is asked about voting for amendment four. Now again, amendment four is an incredibly radical proposition. It's worded vaguely, but it's very radical. It gets rid of the mandate for parental consent for abortion in the state of Florida. It extends the quote unquote right to abortion all the way up to birth in the state of Florida.


It's as liberal a policy as New York would push. So Trump was asked about Amendment four. now there are a bunch of answers he could give because what he's trying to avoid, he's saying that he's gonna push serious pro-life legislation at the federal level. I may disagree with that. That's his position for the campaign. You understand why it's an unpopular federal position. All he has to say is, my position on Amendment four as a voter in the state of Florida is irrelevant to what I will do as presidents of the United States. That's all he has to say. In fact, he could go further. He could say Amendment four is an abomination. Amendment four is abortion until point of birth. I am not in favor of that, so I will vote against it. Were there another proposition on the ballot that loosened abortion restrictions in Florida? Somewhat. Maybe I'd be in favor of it, but that's not what Amendment four does.


But he doesn't say that. Instead, he kind of says this, In Florida, the state that you are a resident of, there's an abortion related amendment on the ballot to overturn the six week ban in Florida. How are you going to vote on that? Well, I think the six week is too short. It has to be more time. And so that's, and I've told them that I want more weeks. So you'll vote in favor of the amendment. I'm, I'm voting that I am gonna be voting that we need more than six weeks. Okay. But okay, that, that wasn't the question. Now my guess is Trump doesn't know what Amendment four actually says or what it does, right? So I, I think that people are overreading his comments there both on the pro-life side and on the pro-choice side. So I think on the pro-choice side, they're reading that as that guy, he just completely broke his pro-life support because he's gonna support an amendment that enshrines abortion as a right till birth.


And on the pro-life side, there are many people who are panicking and doing the same thing, saying, oh, look at that. He endorsed the radical sorrow. It is a soro backed proposition on the ballot. That's not actually what he's saying. What he's saying is, I don't like the six week heartbeat bill. But you know, is he saying that he endorses like all the way till point of birth? No, he's not saying that either. I mean literally the same day that he said that. He also said this at his rally about his abortion beliefs on a personal level. And I happen to believe in the exceptions Ronald Reagan did for life of the mother, rape, incest, the exceptions, probably 90% of the people do Okay, but presumably in all the other cases he's pro-life. So in other words, he's being inarticulate.


Now I have faith. I believe that Donald Trump will see the error of attempting to give Democrats what they want on Amendment four. It would be a disaster for the state of Florida. It'd be a disaster federally. 'cause a lot of other states would then enshrine the same sorts of anti-life laws. So I think that what he will end up saying is something like what I'm saying right now, which is I'm not in favor of any federal legislation. The good thing about getting rid of Roe is that it got kicked back to the States. How I vote as a, as a voter in the state of Florida is frankly none of your business. Because it has nothing to do with how I'm going to govern on the federal level. I already told you what I'm gonna do on the federal level, right? That that's, that's what Trump could do. My guess is that's probably what people end up doing. But it's causing a lot of heartburn at a time when all the focus should be on Kamala Harris' utter incompetence and inability to complete a fully content filled paragraph when asked a simple question.


Joining us on the line is the star of the new film Reagan, along with Dennis Quaid, John Voight. John plays former KGB agent Viktor Petrovich, whose life becomes inextricably linked with Ronald Reagan's. It's basically through his eyes that You see Reagan's story. John, thanks so much for joining the show. Really appreciate it. It's great to be with you, Ben. So John, why don't you tell me how you first got involved in this project? I know this one has been years and years in the making. Yeah, well, they came to me a couple of years ago. They were, this was supposed to come out a year and a half ago, I guess, but, but the Covid hit and, and then there was the strike and, and then there was some difficulty with getting the CGI, right?


Because the, it is tough on a, on a certain kind of budget. You know, you have to get, get everything in place before you go after the CGI. So it was pushed back to this date and it's And it, it's a very good thing. It was really, because it's much more relevant at this time, quite amazingly relevant in a, in a way because of cer certain events that happened. So, So why, why don't we talk about the relevance of the film. Obviously, you know, there, there are people like me, I was four years old when Ronald Reagan left office. Obviously I know a fair bit about Reagan b I've read about Reagan. But for many voters, they, they don't know the Ronald Reagan era. They don't know Ronald Reagan's story. So this may be their first introduction to Ronald Reagan as a man and as a president.


Why do you think that's so relevant to people today? Well, first of all, it's a story of a, a good president fellow who really did things quite well. And, but it shows these, it shows the, the, the ups and downs that the, the, the real weight of the presidency and how you deal with these serious issues on a daily basis. How, how does one keep one's head and, you know, make the proper decisions. And, and, and just, you, you know, you're gonna go through a, a tremendous amount of very serious stuff as a president of the United States. And this fellow did it with great grace, and he is, he never took his eye off the ball.


And, and, and we see how he confronted these very, very serious issues. We also see the people around him, most especially his wife, Nancy, who was almost a partner. They had a wonderful love relationship and a wonderful friendship and, and working relationship too. So, so that, that, that's part of the story. And then the movie shows all of this, the love story is very beautiful and it's a very moving piece. But, but also it, it, it gives people a very good perspective on what must be the kind of character you have to have to be present in the United States.


And John, one of the fascinating things about your character is obviously because the, the movie is done sort of through your vantage point as a former KGB agent reviewing the story, it's a reminder, I think, to a lot of Americans who really don't remember the Soviet Union, just how evil the Soviet Union was and the, the size of the yeah. Enemy that the United States had to take on from, you bet from the rise of the Russian Revolution all the way until the fall of the Soviet Union. Maybe you can talk a little bit about that threat. Well, that threat is still with us. And, you know, a lot of people we're talking about all the damage that's been done by the KGB and, and the attack, the very, very, very clever, really a attack on our country through, through the insertion of, of people into our society trying to, and, and, and there's a menu that, that was explained in a, in a book by Ben Carson recently, and a book that came out in 1958 by a former SP FBI agent who put that put out the menu of the KGB.


Nobody paid much attention to it, apparently, although it was in the congressional record. All these things that they intended, let me give you just a small list. They intended to take over the universities. They, they, their intention was to take God out of the schools, to create dissension between people on, based on race, based on gender, based on age, to take over both parties, both political parties if possible, to take over the press, to take over Hollywood.


And all of this was laid out. And, and if you read some of it, some of it's awfully clever. They know our situation. They know our, our society very, very well, and they know how to damage it. So that's what they set out to do. As early And, it was explained and we were on it, or somebody was on it. This FFBI agent wrote this book, the Naked Communist in 1958. We knew about it, but we didn't do too. We, we didn't find our, our way to doing too much about it. And so we're left. When I look at it, and I did a lot of research, of course, to do this role. When I see it now, I say, well, they've pretty much accomplished everything.


But these, these were long-term objectives that they had. They were, they, they had a three tier objective to take over the United States. And we're at, we're we're seeing almost, you know, they must be amazed that they accomplished so much. But then of course, Reagan came along and dissolved the Soviet Union. So that was put on pause, but they'd already set it in motion. And many, many, you know, of the, of the villains we see today are standing on those on, on that menu right now and, and delivering. And John, one of the fascinating things about your character, obviously, again, you're playing a former KGB agent who's sort of viewing Reagan's life because you're following him throughout his life.


Yeah. From his rise as head of the Screen Actors Guild all the way to the presidency. But one of the things, I mean, you're, you're an amazing actor, obviously. And what that means is that you have to inhabit the part. It can't just be a caricature. And so there are very few people in the world, on planet Earth who have ever thought of themselves as evil while doing evil. What did it mean to actually play a KGB agent? How did you get yourself into that role? Well, I, I, I figured that this, I visited the Soviet Union at the end, you know, in 1991 when it was falling apart. Falling apart. And I had a great, I, I had, I, I had a great way of connecting with the people. 'cause I was working on a film there, the first film that they had allowed in to film.


And we filmed in Moscow and we filmed in, in Ukraine. Actually, where Chernobyl happened was part of the, the Soviet Union at that time. And I saw the terrible state of, of this communist influence on Russia. And I met a lot of the people and, and the people really suffering. I would say that communism brings misery. This is their basic product. The people walking in the streets. I walked on Red Square, right? And people don't look up, they wouldn't engage you, they wouldn't look in your eyes. They were frightened, perhaps, or just sad.


And, and I felt for the people. And I got to know a few people and, and I said, you know, this will turn around. I said to this woman, lovely woman who, who spoke, who spoke English, taught English in a Russian school, and she was very unhappy with the state of affairs and was explained, said to me, you know, this is never gonna change John. And I said, oh no, it's gonna change, you'll see. She said, no, you don't know. It'll never change. I mean the, the sad I felt for the people. So I, I made some friends there, you know, and they were all in the same boat, the same suffering.


And, and so I knew what was going on when I played this character. I knew this complexity of this character. Now, if he signs on to do this work, he's, he's having to appeal to a lot of people. And he has whatever he has of questions of what's going on, he has to keep to himself and all of that. But, but this is a young man who is in the Soviet system. And when he starts and then he becomes influenced by this person that he's, he's focused on, that he's been given the responsibility of, of reporting on the rise of this fellow because they see, he's talented, they see, he's against communism, he's very outspoken.


And he, then he shows some leadership ability. So, so he, he became a, a, a future danger perhaps, and that's why they assigned people like this fella to, to, to, to gauge his progress and, and, and report. So my my thought was, I, I think I knew pretty much what was going on in the Soviet Union at that time. And I also went to, went to school on a, on a very interesting fellow by the name of Yuri Bess Beov, who was a spy for the Soviet Union, and became disturbed by what he saw and, and left the Soviet Union, became a dissident and wound up in the United States.


And then because of some conscience, he felt he had to explain what was really going on and warn people. And you can look him up, you know, Yuri Beov and, and see what his, his de description of what really the Soviet Union was doing in the United States. And so we've had some warnings, but we haven't been able to deal with them as well as we should. And now we're in this situation. So, so anyways, a lot of the things we're, we're seeing now are, are directly responsible to the, this plans to bring down our country. As John Voight, the movie is Reagan is out in theaters this weekend.


Go get your ticket, John gives a great performance. Dennis Quaid gives, I think, maybe the best performance of his career in Reagan. It really is an astonishing attempt to, to channel Ronald Reagan And. it, it really, it really succeeds. John, thanks so much for the time and the movie's. Great. Congratulations. Thanks, Ben. Thank you very much. Great day. Great to talk to you. Bye. Alrighty. In just one second, we'll get to the big question about Kamala Harris. Did she lie about working at McDonald's? Seriously, this is now coming up. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us Republicans or Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad wipe. Take those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me, Am, I, Racist.


I would Really appreciate it if You love, I'm trying to learn, I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert, Here's my certification. What you're doing is your stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America Is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks, white trash, White supremacy. White woman, white Boy. Is there a black person around? What happened? A black person right here. Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name?


I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you Have to be careful. Never be too careful. They go sell you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


I am one of many Americans who bought a gun within the last year. Well, I get to the range as much as I can. I usually go with my wife and sometimes we put it off because the guns are really loud for her. And sometimes the recoil is a lot for her. And sometimes the recoil can be uncomfortable. Fortunately, this doesn't have to be the case. There's a single accessory that will make going to the range a lot more enjoyable. Silencers make shooting significantly quieter and cut out a lot of that recoil and concussion. But obtaining a silencer can be a pain in the neck. There's a ton of paperwork and red tape involved. Fortunately, my friends over at Silencer Shop are here to help. They make getting silencers super simple. Silencer shop has helped more American gun owners get suppressors than anyone else because they make the process so much easier than anyone else. They offer the largest selection of top brand silencers and their dedicated team will help you find the perfect fit for your firearm. They handle the hard part, they'll help you submit all your paperwork. You can get your suppressor from the comfort of your home@silencershop.com slash shapiro. These guys really know what they're doing. They're huge advocates of your Second Amendment rights. Silencer Shop doesn't just support your Second Amendment rights. They fight for them. They spend a lot of time and money aggressively lobbying, fighting lawsuits, and supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation across the nation. You gotta check 'em out. Go to silencer shop.com/shapiro. Let silencer shop help you make your guns better. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.