
Well folks, we are back. It is a brand new year. I hope you had a wonderful Christmas and a wonderful New Year's and now it all begins. So this is going to be a very big year. President Trump is slated to be certified as the President of the United States today. The normal certification process will go through as planned in the Congress of the United States, and he'll also have his Speaker of the House. So President Trump had endorsed Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson for reelection. There were as usual a Cory of people who were very concerned about Mike Johnson as Speaker of the House. As I have been saying for I don't know, years at this point, it turns out the Speaker of the House has a very hard job. You have to cobble together a coalition of people across various party lines, and then you have to somehow materialize a majority to do things.


So the job of the Speaker of the House is not in fact to be quote unquote an ideological thought leader. There are plenty of people whose job that is. It is the job of the Speaker of the House to actually get done. What can be done it is to get as much of the pie as humanly possible. And the problem with many of the ideologues, particularly in Congress, but also in the Commentariat, is that when they suggest that the Speaker of the House has the magical nietzschean ability to simply impose his will on Congress and get everything that you could possibly want, they are lying. It is simply not true. So this all came to fruition over the break. So on Friday, despite the attempts of people like Thomas Massey, the representative from Kentucky to prevent Speaker Johnson from being reelected Johnson was reelected here, was Massey looking rather dissolute actually in this particular clip, trying to make the case against Speaker Johnson in the most colorful possible terms.


You can pull all my fingernails out, you can shove bamboo up in them. You can start cutting off my fingers. I am not voting for Mike Johnson tomorrow and you can take that to the bank. Well, he didn't, but everybody else did because President Trump signaled his support for Mike Johnson. And the reason that he did that is because Johnson is as good as it's going to get. Johnson is in fact a very conservative speaker of the house. He's faced with an extraordinarily slim majority, and there are always gonna be people in Congress who have decided that the best thing that they can do is go on television and spout rather than actually, you know, doing the job of being in Congress. But the job of being in Congress is very different from the job of saying what it is that you think about politics.


The job of being in Congress again is to get as much of the pie as possible, and that changes pretty radically depending on whether you are in the minority or whether you are in the majority, whether there's a Democrat in the White House or whether there is a Republican in the White House. So somebody like a Thomas Massey for example, might be a true asset to conservatives when the Republicans are in the minority, meaning that they're not in the White House or if they're in the minority in Congress. You wanna obstruct Joe Biden's plans after all. And then there's the question of what you do when you have a President of the United States who's an elected Republican, Donald Trump, when you have an elected majority in the Senate, when you have an elected majority in the house, then the question question becomes how much can you get? And obviously you want conservatives who are gonna push back against the excesses, but you also want people who are going to make pragmatic and practical decisions rather than just standing there and shouting no at everything in order to get presumably the love of the Click Baiters online.


So over the break, president Trump endorsed Speaker Johnson Johnson was indeed reelected on the very first vote out the gate. According to the New York Times, speaker Johnson on Friday won reelection to the top post in the house, salvaging his job in a dramatic last minute turnabout by putting down a revolt from conservatives who initially voted to block his ascent. Johnson won two 18 to two 15, he mustered the majority with help from President-elect Donald Trump, who again, Trump is going to be absolutely utilitarian in his second term. He wants wins, he wants to chalk up wins on the board. That is the thing that he wants more than anything. He's not concerned with the sort of petty ideological squabbles that you are seeing inside the Republican caucus right now. All he wants is victory for the country.


He wants to leave a legacy in his second term even more successful than his first term. Originally there were three Republicans who opposed Johnson and six more who had abstained, and then Trump came in like a hammer in favor of Johnson Johnson and Trump had both urged Republican lawmakers to elect him speaker so the house could start work on the president-elect legislative priorities. And this was the thing, none of the people who were voting against Johnson posited an alternative to Johnson. None of them. None of them had somebody better in mind who's going to get the Republican caucus unified rather than Johnson, which means it was all, it was all a a sort of bizarre attention seeking move on the part of these particular congresspeople.


If you don't have a better alternative than you are being obstructionist and useless within your own party. Well, here was Speaker Johnson taking the gavel. This is a powerful new coalition of our country. It's a coalition that insists that we purge the policies of America last and we bury them in the graveyard of history's mistakes because it was a big mistake. To that end, this congress will renounce the status quo and we will listen to the voices of the people. We will act quickly and we will start by defending our nation's borders. That's a number one priority. Yes, And again, the thing that Republicans want more than anything is get the priorities that Trump wants done.


Well, this is be token some interesting conversations about the strategy going forward for house Republicans. So there are basically two strategies on the table. There are two big issues that are going to come up this year in the Congress of the United States. Basically because Republicans do not actually have a super majority in the Senate, that means they have to use a process that is called reconciliation. Reconciliation can only be used on budgetary bills, on budgetary matters, which means typically it can only be used once or possibly at the most twice inside of a year. The big question for Republicans in the House and in the Senate was whether they were going to separate out two separate bills and vote on them separately over the course of the year. One was going to be a border bill that was going to attempt to maintain border security, increase border security, complete the building of the wall, for example, change the law where necessary in order to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.


That was possibility of Bill number one, possibility of bill number two was the making permanence of the 2017 Trump tax cuts. And there are basically two possible strategies here. Again, one strategy would be to separate those two bills. In some ways that might be better and in some ways it might be worse. The other strategy was to wrap them up into one giant bill. The problem with wrapping 'em up into one giant bill is more compromises are gonna get cut in that giant bill than might be cut if you separated them out into two separate bills. Why? Well, because if you pile everything into one bill and you give that giant one bill on border matters and tax matters an up or down vote, there will be more crap in the crap sandwich. There just will be, it's like an omnibus package that includes tax matters and border matters.


And this is something that many conservatives are concerned about. For example, the House Freedom Caucus is upset about all of that because it will take additional spending on the border in order to secure the border. The Trump tax cuts may have short term lowering of federal revenue into the tax coffers. So how are you gonna offset that in terms of the spending? And meanwhile, Republicans also would like to increase the defense budget in the face of a vastly aggressive China. So all of those things getting wrapped into one bill, it means that if it all gets wrapped in one bill and Trump says to the American body politic and to the constituents of all these Republicans, listen, the bill has a lot of stuff I don't like, but it has a lot of stuff I do like I'm yes on the bill, everybody else should be yes on the bill.


There's gonna be heavy pressure on Republicans to go yes on the bill even if there's more crap included in the crap sandwich. The alternative, which is to separate the two bills, the border bill and the tax bill, is that you may get an neither. It may be an opportunity for people to signal their discontent on matters regarding Donald Trump's approach to the border. If you're on the sort of left wing of the Republican party on tax matters, there's gonna be some pretty serious battles inside the Republican party with regard to the so-called salt deductions, state and local tax deductions. So the 2017 tax cuts, one of the things that they did is they said that if you pay taxes in California or New York, that doesn't mean that you can deduct the taxes you paid on the state level against your federal taxable income because it's effectively a sort of affirmative action program on taxes for blue states.


Okay? So that that got removed. But there are a lot of people, republicans from New York and California who would like to restore the salt deductions in the tax code, right? That's gonna be an open battle. So strategically speaking, the question is do you go for two pure and smaller bills or do you go for one less pure, bigger beautiful bill? So for Johnson, because he's working with such a slim majority, he would love one big beautiful bill. He would love it. Again, the reason being because he wants to get everything that Trump wants. And so if your choices are get less of what Trump wants and less bad stuff and get more of what Trump wants and more bad stuff, right? Those are the two choices. He prefers more of what Trump wants and probably a little bit more bad stuff, right?


That's the nature of the bargain here, and there really is no third choice where you just get like all the great things that you want and none of the bad things that you don't want. That is not how it works with a majority this slim in the house and a pretty slim majority in the Senate as well. Here was Speaker Johnson explaining Trump is apparently on board with this particular strategy. I respect Lindsey Graham and all my friends who kind of preferred a two step strategy. The idea would be get something done on the border and maybe defense spending right outta the blocks very quickly and what we would call a skinny reconciliation bill and then do the rest of it in a larger chunk later. But I, I think at the end of the day, president Trump is going to prefer, as he likes to say, one big beautiful bill and there's a lot of merit to that because we can put it all together one big up or down vote, which can save the country quite literally because there are so many elements to it and it'll give us a little bit more time to negotiate that and get it right.


Again, this is a matter of strategy. It's not really a matter of principle. Johnson is very conservative. So for example, his house Ways and means chair at Jason Smith, Republican of Missouri, also a very conservative member of Congress. He's also calling for one big beautiful bill. The idea would be get this thing rammed through by April. Do it fast, do it quickly, because as we all know, the midterms are going to come up in a couple of years. And so basically Trump has two years to get everything he can get done done. And that really means he has year one to get it done because by the time he hit year two, everybody's already running for reelection and they've got their eyes on their next race


missions To Mars. Driverless cars, AI chatbots feels like we're already living in the future. Well, Robinhood is built for the future of trading. Robin Hood's. Intuitive design makes trading seamless so you can spot opportunities to take control of your trades. You can now even trade your stocks and crypto all in one place. Sign up for a Robinhood account today. Investing is risky. Robinhood Financial, LLC member, SIPC is a registered broker dealer. Cryptocurrency services are offered through an account with Robinhood Crypto, LLC. Robinhood Crypto is licensed to engage in virtual currency business activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


So Jason Smith, for example, he wants one bill instead of two. He and his allies, according to political, are warning that separating the tax package into its own reconciliation bill risks them not passing a measure at all to extend the 2017 tax cuts set to expire at year's end. And what he's basically saying is, let's get this bill out the gate because the closer you get to the deadline, the more leverage a few holdouts are going to have. Instead wrap it all up in one big bow. Yes, there'll be more trash in there, but at least you'll get all the things that Trump wants along with some stuff that probably nobody likes all that much. As Smith says, my only focus is to deliver on all these priorities that the American people ask for. That's tax, that's border, that's energy. I've always thought the best process of doing that is through one.


Any pointed out that literally zero parties have succeeded in passing two reconciliation bills in the same year in decades. Most recently, congressional Democrats fought amongst themselves for much of 2021 and 2022 to enact a second reconciliation package and then abandon many of the policies they envisioned under their build back better plan that eventually became the Inflation Reduction Act. So it'll be interesting to see how all of this plays out. The bottom line is Johnson is in fact a very good strategist. So is John Thune. John Thon is the Senate majority leader. John Thon says his priority is extending the 2017 tax cuts. Again, I think this is all going to be done in one big bill. I think that the, we intend to ensure that we don't have a $4 trillion tax increase on the American people by December 31 of this year.


And in order to do that, we've gotta act collectively, house, Senate, and White House to extend the 2017 tax cuts. Okay? Again, I think all of this is going to get done and there should be an expectation of your Congress people and your senators that it should get done and all these sort of little niggling small issues that people are upset about or issues that are totally insoluble. When you hear Republican Congress, people talk about, we're not solving our national debt with these bills. You're damn right we're not solving our national debt with these bills. And you better stop pretending that anything you're proposing is gonna solve the national debt. The reality is the national debt ain't gonna get solved until you touch precisely the entitlement programs that no one is going to touch ever.


Until you touch Medicare, Medicaid, social security, you are not going to be able to tackle the national debt. So what does that mean? You better get those tax cuts made permanent because otherwise Democrats are going to reverse those at the first available opportunity, thus destroying the possibility of economic growth that could help grow you out of things like the national debt. You better get that border built done now. 'cause Democrats sure as hell ain't gonna pass a good border bill if they were in charge or if they gain control of the House of Representatives, which is already very tightly split in 2026. Okay? Meanwhile, other top priorities for the brand new Congress giving Donald Trump his nominees, Lindsey Graham Center from South Carolina. He says, listen, we have some major national security threats on the horizon and making themselves present right now.


Give him his nominees. We need our team on the field. We need FBI director, we need an attorney general. We need 'em all. Get it done. We gotta get it done. We're under attack here. We're so you're prepared. You're prepared to vote for all of Trump's nominees, then I am ready to go bring them up. I'll vote. Let's get it done. Senator, it's great to see you this morning. Make a lot of really important, Okay? And he is right about all of that. The good news is it looks like the votes are in fact there for Pete Hegseth for Secretary of Defense. Again, if you're talking about the most controversial Trump nominees in order, they're probably at this point Chelsea Gabbard for DNI, who again, I think is very likely to be confirmed.


Robert F. Kennedy Jr. For Health and Human Services. Little more dicey, but I think he probably will be confirmed. Pete Hegseth for Secretary of Defense. It looks as though very good shot. He's confirmed in K Patel as head of the FBI. Again, I think there's a very good shot that all these people are confirmed. If there's one who's most on the chopping block, it is probably Tulsi Gabbard because there are some people in the Republican caucus who have some doubts about her foreign policy ideas from several years ago. She's gonna have to explain those ideas presumably to the senators, but the vast majority of Trump's nominees at this point are going to go through as well. They should and they should specifically because we have some real threats that are currently materializing. One of those threats is obviously the threat of radical Islamic terrorism and that threat was made clear on New Year's Day in a terror attack in New Orleans that killed 14 people.


It was carried out by a radical Islamist, a recent convert. Two radical Islam. According to the New York Times, months before the man behind the New Orleans terror attack plowed a truck into a New Year's Day crowd. He rode through the area on a bicycle recording videos of his target using eyeglasses with a building camera. Investigators said on Sunday he was back again. A few weeks later they said probably to continue his plotting. Those details emerged as investigators revealed more about the driver and the extensive planning behind the attack, which killed 14 people, injured many others and left New Orleans starting 2025, grappling with a cascade of anguish and alarm. This person was apparently radicalized by isis, claimed alignment with the Islamic state terrorist group is a 42-year-old army veteran with a fairly lucrative job apparently, but his life started to collapse and it appears that by the time of his terror attack, he was living in a rather impoverished, heavily Islamic area nearby.


Apparently the attacker made trips to Egypt and Canada in 2023, which again, traveling to Egypt in 2023. Unless you're going there as a tourist just to see the pyramids, they're probably not an amazing reason to visit Egypt at this time. Our agents are getting answers as to where he went and who he met with, how those trips may or may not tie into his actions here in our city. According to Lionel Murtle, the special agent in charge for the FBI in New Orleans, and I remember the FBI immediately made the jump. This is why Kash Patel needs to be the head of the FBI. The FBI. Immediately after the New Orleans attack tried to deny that it was in fact being investigated as a terrorist attack only to reverse themself. Just a few hours later, the attack of force ended when the attacker was killed in a shootout with the police that left two of the members of the police wounded.


The terrorist expressed allegiance to ISIS after a transformation that perplexed and troubled those who knew him. He had the group's flag on a rented Ford F-150 pickup truck he used in the attack in a video recorded for his family. He said, I wanted you to know I joined ISIS earlier this year. He was living in a heavily impoverished Islamic area that was apparently in Houston. Okay, well this, this area was also near a mosque. The police have been reaching out the FBI had been reaching out to members of the mosque and other nearby Islamic organizations, and the mosque immediately put out a statement urging members of the congregation not to actually respond to media inquiries. And if contacted by the FBI, not to talk to the FBI, but instead to call up the on American Islamic relations and herein lies the Trump 2.0 question, will the Trump administration part two take seriously the threat of radical Islamist terror to the extent that they'll actually investigate groups like the Council on American Islamic Relations, a long time terror connected organization, the Council on American Islamic Relations, welcome back into the White House by the Biden administration and the Obama administration about, which was an unindicted co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation trials of the two thousands and was founded by very deeply connected friends of Hamas.


Associates of Hamas Care has been treated as a sort of civil rights organization, civil liberties organization for a long time. But I don't think it's coincidence that the mosque put out a statement suggesting that its brothers and sisters, instead of working with the FBI refer to care and the Islamic Society of Greater Houston, their very serious problems with radical Islamic organizations inside the United States. By the way, that's not just according to the US government. That is also according to the United Arab Emirates, which listed care as a terrorist group in 2014, over its alleged affiliation with the Muslim Brotherhood, the there have been calls already to investigate care national.


There should be such investigations, okay? The reality is that there are 340 million people living in the United States. You can't keep track of everybody. What you can do is keep track of the organizations that seem to be at least somewhat friendly toward radical Islamic terror groups. Representative Mike Turner of Ohio, he was on with Margaret Brendan on Sunday. He says, listen, there are definitely people who are friendly to radical Islamic terror living in the United States. Are there individuals that are affiliated with ISIS and terrorist groups and organizations that have crossed the border and that are inside the United States? Director Ray FBI director has said, so we certainly have intelligence that says, so I agree with his, his assessment. I, Jim has also seen it, he's testified before our committee publicly of, of that fact, those individuals are working in conjunction with, with isis, with the intention of harming Americans.


The director has said it directly. They Are known to US intelligence and law enforcement And, and we are working diligently to try to take them down to prevent them from doing so. And that's why the director is publicly saying such. And that's what the new administration is gonna be handed. The fact that these individuals are here, that we need to locate them, we need to remove them, we need to bring them to justice and prevent them from doing harm to Americans. Okay? This also means no more political correctness when it comes to counterintelligence, when it comes to things like investigating the possibility of terror connections inside the United States. No more political correctness. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online.


Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank. And the, the fact of the matter is that under Democrats, there has been an attempt to whitewash the problem of radical Islamic terror in the United States to focus instead homegrown violent extremism, which is a category error. Yes, of course you're gonna have to worry about white supremacists shooting up churches. That's the thing that has happened in the United States.


But if you are talking about ways to monitor preventable terrorism, it seems like a pretty easy way to monitor preventable terrorism would be to trace the funding mechanism for radical Islamic mosques inside the United States. Which by the way, broadcast pretty clearly their intentions on a fairly regular basis. When Alejandro Mayorkas, the head of the Department of Homeland Security, categorizes this as an increase in homegrown violence extremism. I mean, what kind of ex, they're, they're not all the same, and they're not all equally easy to trace either. By the way, here's Alejandro Mayorkas, thank God, the outgoing Secretary of Homeland Security. We have a heightened threat threat environment as Director Ray and the Attorney General both articulated, and we've been saying this for quite a number of months.


We have not only the persistent threat of foreign terrorism that of course created the Department of Homeland Security, but we have adverse nation states, and for the past 10 years, we've seen a significant increase in what we term homegrown violent extremism. It is a very difficult threat landscape, and it is why that we as a, as a community, not just the federal government, but state and local officials and residents, need to be alert to it and take the precautions necessary to avoid violence from occurring. Again, these sort of broad categories are not helpful.


You know, it'd be really helpful keeping track of organizations that historically have had ties to terror groups. That'd be a really good way of doing this sort of stuff. And it's exactly this sort of politically correct approach that is leading to the current breakdown in politics across the water over in the uk. So over the course of the break, Elon Musk went hard on Kira Starmer, who is the new prime minister of Great Britain. Starer, of course is the leader of the Labor Party. He was also a member of law enforcement during the time where law enforcement was largely ignoring these massive grooming gang cases about radical Muslims in Britain who were legitimately raping on masse white girls. It has been very well covered by the media.


Now, it wasn't at the time, and the reason it was not covered well at the time it's been going on for decades. The reason it was not covered at the time was very obvious and it openly stated was because for years, for literally decades, there were these groups of Muslim men who had been imported into the UK under the guise of multiculturalism, who had then begun to groom and rape 13, 14, 15-year-old girls. They'd set up these gangs to just pass these girls around, and the authorities full on knew about it. So did the media. They also knew about it, but there was one problem. They weren't going to report on any of this. The reason they weren't gonna report on any of this is because there were far right extremists who might take advantage of the messaging. This is the way that the politically correct left, has decided to approach the problems with its own ideology, ignore them, pretend they don't exist, or pretend that the real problem is the people doing the noticing that if you notice that there are literally hundreds, if not thousands of girls who are being raped by Muslim men in the uk, that if you notice that, that this is somehow a brand of your extremism, and we mustn't help, we mustn't help the extremists to gain political power in Great Britain.


And this is not me saying this, this is the journalist who covered the story. So for example, the BBC did a documentary in 2017 called The Betrayed Girls. And they interviewed one of the journalists who really covered this thing in full in 2010, but he knew about this as early as 2002, 2003. His name is Andrew Norfolk. And here he is admitting full scale that the reason he did not cover what was called the Rochdale scandal is because he was afraid that it would lend credence to the British National Party or the English Defense League, both considered, quote unquote, far right extremist organizations for the great crime of saying, perhaps we shouldn't be importing into the west members of radical Islamic civilization.


The key point of the press release was the men who were doing this to these girls were my, I think the word used was from the Asian community. I spoke to Anne's researcher. She told me that the scale of this was, was far greater than they'd been able to say in the, the initial press release. They'd identified over 30 men who were involved. The idea of young girls, 13, 14 being befriended by lads who weren't much older than them initially, and then introduced to a wider and wider circle of friends. The idea that this was in some way a collective activity that girls were being passed around men.


I, I'd not encountered anything like that before. I remember so clearly the, the feeling of how, how on earth do you report a story that is a fantasy for the, for the far right, it's, it's everything you could wish for. If you're pushing a a particular agenda, it's innocent white girls and it's evil, dark skinned men. The Government's failure to control asylum and immigration was a force for bad Norfolk's. Fears were not without foundation. The BMP's vote in recent local elections had increased 300 fold in only three years, winning them seats on councils across northern towns with the general election looming immigration, race, and asylum were key topics of the day.


Speaker, Yes, it is true that we need to control immigration. Yes, it is important we discuss it, but it's an issue that should be dealt with, not exploited. For my shame, I allowed my liberal fear about giving sucker and credence to the British National Party to act as a break on actually doing my job. Okay? That's an amazing admission by one of the journalists who actually ended up breaking the story. But it wasn't just the journalistic institutions in the UK that decided to ignore this because it might lend credence to quote unquote right-wing narratives about mass migration from radical Muslim countries. It wasn't just, it was members of authority, it was members of the police who not only looked the other way, they blamed the white girls themselves suggesting that they had engaged in consensual activity, which is not even legal.


They were like 13, 14, 15-year-old girls. And this carried on for literally decades. As Norfolk says, there were cases in which there were Muslim men who had raped white girls. Those white girls grew up and became moms, and later their own daughters would be raped by the children of the Muslim men. This is something that Andrew Norfolk says in this particular documentary, and the authorities ignored it four years. And it was only in 2013, 2014 that the authorities really started to take this very seriously. In 2014, there was a state commission report by a senior social worker named Alexis J. This is according to Politico, who found that some 1400 vulnerable children were targeted and sexually abused in Rotherham alone between 1997 and 2013.


That's not even in Rochdale, which is the story that was being covered in this particular BBC documentary. There are tons of towns all over Britain where this was happening in Oldham, in Rochdale, in Rotherham, all over the place. And the politicians, the mainstream politicians were absolutely complicit in all of this. They ignored it. They refused to take a look at it. In fact, even certain rare labor mps who actually attempted to cover this were shut down. So Elon Musk over the weekend, he went after Keir Starmer. And the reason he went after Keir Starmer, he, because there was a request that there be a federal investigation in Britain into a national investigation, into these grooming gangs, a national inquiry.


And Starr's labor government rejected that instead pointing to a series of existing inquiries on the issue and a 2022 report whose findings are still being implemented. And Musk immediately went after Starr, and he suggested that Starr was complicit because Starr, of course, was involved in the Crown prosecution service at the time that a lot of this was going on. He called him despicable and said he was deeply complicit in the mass rapes in exchange for votes. And again, this is a party, this is in fact a party. The Labor Party that has been complicit in the attempts, if, if not actually guilty, of the attempts to cover up crimes related to the failures of multiculturalism in Britain.


Remember, I mean at Sad Kah, who's the mayor of London, who's openly calling for the criminalization of quote unquote Islamaphobic speech. He's a member of the labor government here he was this year. One of the things that is coming up over and over again is Islamophobia and well, you can see the stats, you can see the numbers rising, particularly since October the seventh, although we shouldn't fall into the trap of thinking that before October the seventh, this was all heading in the right direction. It's been far too high for far too long. Clearly we need to just say over and over again, Islamophobia is into, That's cure Stormer by the way. It can never, ever be justified. And we have to continue with the zero tolerance approach.


And I think there's more we can do in government. There certainly stuff online, which I think needs tackling much more robustly than it is at the moment. What I'm hoping, Kerry, is your experience as a prosecutor means you'll be thinking about the strategy we can use to make sure we take action against those who break the law. Okay? That is the most Orwellian crap I have ever heard. I mean, truly Orwellian in Great Britain, that's Kiir Armor, who's the current prime minister talking to the mayor of London about criminalizing Islamophobia. What are the things you can do? As a former prosecutor? Says City Con, the mayor of London to criminalize Islamophobia, which Kiir Starmer says, has risen dramatically in the aftermath of October 7th, which as you'll recall, was a mass Islamic terror attack on Jews.


Hey, this is where the Labor Party is. You wanna know why there's this massive right wing backlash happening all over the globe, particularly with regard to immigration. This would be the reason because mass migration has not been a boon to the West, not in the modern era. Mass migration is a massive problem because it has been combined, not with assimilation, not with economic growth, but with economic stagnation and non assimilation. And it has been biased toward countries that are exporting people who have no interest in assimilating to Western values, and in fact, many of whom despise Western values. And if you say that sort of stuff out loud in the uk, apparently you get arrested, there's a better shot. You'll get arrested in the UK for something, for saying something, quote unquote Islamophobic, then apparently for raping white girls if you're a radical Muslim.


That seems to be the logic over in the UK and has been for quite a while. Mark Starman has yelled at Elon Musk. Now he's very angry 'cause Elon Musk attacked him. And so he says that that Elon Musk is now a member of the far right. Again, this is the labeling process. What really despicable. And by the way, where's the conservative party in the UK on all this? Because this wasn't just a labor problem. This is a Tory problem in the uk. Where are the people who are willing to stand up and say the truth? It's been a lot of talk about Tommy Robinson who's in jail, and he has said some very true things on this. And Tommy Robinson has own sort of checkered history as to saying certain things that are not true. But he is right on this and he has been right on this particular issue as a general matter. And that's the reason that he, he has been targeted by law enforcement.


All this other stuff has been ginned up. In any case, ki is Kiir Starer responding to Elon Musk. And when politicians, and I mean politicians who sat in government for many years, a casual about honesty, decency, truth, and the rule of law calling for inquiries 'cause they want to jump on a bandwagon of the far right, then that affects politics because a robust debate can only be based on the true facts. Ah, it's a only, only, only based on the true facts says Keira starer the facts that you are not allowed to acknowledge in Great Britain.


In just one second, we'll get to the further consequence of the immigration debate. First,


Kick off 2025 with 25% off your new Daily Wire Plus annual membership this year will be one for the history books. In just 14 days, Donald J. Trump will be inaugurated as the 47th president of the United States. The Daily Wire will be there bringing you live uncensored coverage of every monumental moment. But while we celebrate Victory's head, we can't forget the fight continues. 2025 reminded us of that fight in its very first hours with terrorism striking New Orleans and a cyber truck exploding outside the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. The bad guys don't rest. Neither do we. The battle for truth, justice, and clarity is ongoing. We're on the front lines every single day to bring you the facts, but we can't do it without your help. Join us now. Get 25% off your new Daily Wire Plus annual membership. Every dollar you spend fuels our mission. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Get 25% off your new Daily Wire Plus annual membership today.


Okay? Meanwhile, the matter of mass migration, how it's affected the West isn't of course relegated to the United States or to Great Britain. It is also true in Germany. Elon Musk has now endorsed the so-called alternative for Germany party. The alternative for Deutsche land, A FD. The A FD has been condemned as a quote unquote neo-Nazi party. But the things that it's arguing for the A FD today, it is not a neo-Nazi party. The A FD is arguing in favor of immigration restriction in Germany in a way that the so-called conservative party in Germany has not been, which is why a FD is gaining so much ground. Again, if you won't say the truth, there will be people who will say it and those people will reap the political benefit of having said the truth. Heather McDonald's writes for a city journal today, the alternative for Germany's a leopard in German political life due to the party's opposition to Germany's lacks immigration policies, Germany's federal office for protection of the Constitution.


A domestic intelligence agency has granted itself authority to surveil the party, which it deems a threat to democracy. Germany's other political parties have pledged not to cooperate with the A FD. The FD is denied committee chairmanships in the National Parliament in Berlin. Its numbers would otherwise entitle it to chairman. Courts have almost uniformly rejected the party's efforts to remove these legal and extralegal barriers to normal participation in political life. So why exactly is all this happening? It's because of the mass migration into Germany starting in 2015 when then Chancellor Angela Markle famously announced, we can handle this in response to thousands of Syrians crossing into the country, 23% of the German population in 2021 were first or second generation immigrants. And that was before the Ukrainian migration.


Over 17% of the German population are first generation immigrants, a higher percentage than in the United States, or less than 14% of the population were foreign born in twenty twenty twenty in 2022. And they have a higher crime rate and they have serious draws on social benefits and all the rest of it. So Elon Musk has already endorsed the A FD mainly because the conservative party in Germany has decided that they're not going to actually take any of this on CDU, which is the Christian Democratic Union is a centrist party. The leader of that party, Frederick Merz, has pledged not to cooperate with what he calls a right-wing extremist party because that would quote require selling his party's soul. But the reality is that people are responding to this.


People are responding to the lack of support for domestic political institutions on behalf of a multicultural view of the world. So Elon Musk is going to have a sit down with the leader of the A FD party, a woman named Alice Del possibly on January 10th. There's a lot of consternation about Elon Musk's involvement in foreign politics right now because of course he's been speaking out against K Starer in the uk. He's been speaking out against the current administration in Germany in favor of a FD. But he's simply voicing the reality for literally hundreds of millions of people in Europe who have been silenced by the political processes there and also in the United States. And this opens another question about immigration in the United States.


So Musk Trump the entire right in the United States, totally united on mass migration from countries that do not like the United States, totally united on these particular issues. Totally united on illegal immigration, by the way. Nonetheless, over the break, a vast controversy broke out about H one B visas. H one B visas are usually designed for technology companies to import labor from people with college degrees who wanna work in tech, right? People who come and they work in the tech industry. Usually it is a pathway toward a green card in the United States, these H one B visas, and there is some controversy over H one B visas and the over application of them. And a lot of that is good faith, political discussion.


How can H one B visas be changed so that they're not being exploited by tech companies simply to bring in lower wage workers who aren't going to assimilate, for example. However, this broke into the open and I think the dumbest possible way. So a person who I, I personally know, actually his name is Siram Krishnan, who has worked in the past for everybody from Elon to Mark Andreesen to, to a bunch of tech bros on the right was named the AI senior advisor to David Zs in the new Trump administration. It was a fairly mid-level position, it was sort of a senior advisory position inside the administration. Had nothing to do with immigration, nothing is about AI and the sort of lines that have to be drawn around ai.


Well, this launched a thousand think pieces because there were certain members of the right, some of them of the fringe, right, who decided that he was going to be deciding immigration policy. And not only that, they decided that he was an open borders guy. Now I know sur I know Siram, he's not in fact an open borders guy. He has argued in favor of H one B visas and for importing foreign talent in the United States so that we can brain drain other countries. And so th this kind of notion that he's in favor of open borders is, is really silly. Well, the, the opposition to surro this notion that this was, you know, a foreigner who was going to be causing the importation of vast swabs of foreign labor, first of all, again, there are about 85,000 H one B visas issued every year. You can argue maybe you want it lower, alright? You maybe increase the income limit for people who wanna get in on H one Bs.


That's fine too. You can have those conversations. That was not the conversation that was being had. In fact, the dumbest conversation was being had as usual in our politics. The argument with regard to H one Bs that was being made by people who are sort of exclusionary in their immigration viewpoints was, we need to stop all immigration, not just mass migration, not just illegal immigration. We need to stop all migration totally, because these are American jobs and we don't need foreigners here. No more foreigners. And that rests on a couple of suppositions, okay? That rests, rests on a couple of suppositions. One that there is such a thing as an American job as opposed to a job that is located in America.


And two, that no one can actually become a good American. That if you come in from abroad, if you're from quote unquote the wrong country, it's not possible for you to become a good American. Now, as I say, we should be pretty careful about who we admit to this country. It's in the interest of the American people to admit people who want to assimilate to western values or who already hold Western values. Things like free speech and freedom of religion. People who actually want to work for a living and not be dependent on welfare, who wanna form families, join churches, become part of the social fabric, right? I think we, we should all be able to agree on that sort of stuff. But there are basically two possible arguments as to why you want to quote, quote, close all the borders, even to sort of the most qualified immigrants coming in. One is again, this idea that people can't culturally assimilate, which I think is not true.


I mean, again, there are some people who cannot, but there are many who can. And two, that there are these things called American jobs and that these American jobs must be reserved for Americans. Now, I think that not only is this economically ignorant, it's counterproductive. So Steve Bannon has articulated this position. I think the best of anybody who's articulating it right now, he, he did a, an interview with the free press in which he sort of expressed his desire to close all immigration. I'm also for big restrictions on legal immigration until, until Silicon Valley, until these places have, I don't know, 20% African American and 20% Hispanic and, and kids that can go to college. And every college you go to, every engineering school you go to is flooded with foreign students taking American jobs.


I don't agree with that. American jobs should be for American census. Okay? Again, so again, there's this notion of American jobs and you can see he's using this very bizarre formula where all these quote unquote American jobs also have to be representative of the American demographic, which actually is a DEI left wing argument, right? It's the argument that's made by people like Iber Max Kendi. If 20% of the population is black and 20% of the jobs aren't black, that means some sort of racism is occurring. Okay? So there are a few problems with this. Number one, there is no such thing as an American job. There's just a job that is in America. And the question is twofold. One, who should fill that job? And two, how do you keep that job in America? Because it turns out that there is no job being a baseline level programmer for a million dollars a year in America because that job doesn't exist anywhere.


And if you try to make that job exist in America, that job is going to disappear and it's going to go elsewhere where you can pay somebody a hundred thousand dollars a year to be a programmer. This is particularly true in the mobile age of the internet where location is not necessarily where you have to be located for the job anymore.


Are You looking for a better quality meat? Good ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code, Daily Wire, good ranchers, American meat delivered.


Okay? Then there's the stupid counterargument that's being made. So there are some people who made a dumb counterarguments. There was the dumb argument. The dumb argument was that there are just these American jobs. We protect the American jobs by shutting the borders. It's called economic archy. And it is generally a failure because when you artificially limit the supply of labor, what you end up doing is pushing up the price of labor. And a few things happen. One inflation, two prices go up to the point where they're not competitive with imports from other places. And so companies in America go outta business. This generally leads to either outsourcing or automation. This is true across industries in the United States. It's true across the world. This is how markets work. So if you wanna make the case, and we shouldn't be importing labor to marginally lower the labor costs for Silicon Valley, and instead we should be recruiting Americans.


I agree with that. I totally agree with that. And I think we should be building programs that specifically go and recruit Americans to fill these jobs. Also, there are in fact jobs where immigrants who are coming to the United States, brain draining other countries, they're coming in and they can fill those jobs and they're maybe the best qualified person to fill those jobs. Now again, if you wanna increase the level of pay necessary for an H one B visa right now, it's like a hundred something thousand dollars. You wanna increase that higher, that's fine. We get to pick the cream of the crop. You only get to come in the country. If you're a person capable of earning $300,000 a year and you wanna do that because you wanna quote unquote reserve the other jobs for Americans, that's fine.


You have to recognize there are downstream effects to this economically speaking that that is in fact like all tariffs, a subsidy to certain groups of the population at the cost of the rest of the population where prices go up and outsourcing takes place and all the rest. And this is why, for example, Elon has defended H one B visas. Elon says that he would like to brain drain other countries. He would like to bring in the best labor from other countries. He wants Americans to get as many American jobs, jobs in America as possible. But you can't just magically determine what the pay level is for a job. That's not the way that markets work. And if you try to do that, that's gonna have significant externalities that are quite bad for the American economy and for American competitiveness more broadly.


Okay? Now, there was a really stupid counterargument that started to be made by some, and that was that the reason we need to import later labor is because American culture is somehow insufficient. Now, there are some Americans who are lazy. There are some Americans who grow up in broken homes. There are some Americans who have poor educations and and we should, we should fix all those things, obviously. And there are plenty of qualified Americans for a lot of these jobs, and we should go out of our way to try and recruit those Americans before we rely on foreign labor. And all of that is fair. But again, it all gets reduced to kind of the dumbest possible arguments. And this is the thing to which I object, and there are a bunch of things we should be able to agree on. One, illegal immigration is wrong.


Two, mass migration is particularly problematic today. Now, the United States has historically always had a sort of fraught relationship with mass migration that goes back to waves of people coming in from Ireland and from Italy and from Germany and from Sweden and from China and from Eastern Europe and Russia, right? All throughout American history, there's been great trepidation about mass migration. That is true. Also, it happens to be that a system like the United States used to be where you are expected to assimilate one and two, there were no substantial welfare systems. What you ended up doing is acting like a magnet to the iron filings of the people who are the most risk taking, most entrepreneurial from other countries.


It wasn't just they were coming to the United States 'cause they were poor, although many of them were. It was because they were willing to give up what they had in their homeland to come to a place where if they failed, there was no backup system, right? This is one of the things about American immigration historically. And then the immigration bargain changed in the United States that immigration bargain started to change with massive welfare systems that now immigrants could take advantage of. And now you had to balance who should get in and who should not get in. It used to be if somebody got in and they failed economically, it wasn't like the state and the taxpayer had to pick them up. Now, once you establish welfare systems, that all changes. And then it massively changes again. In 1965 when Democrats pass an immigration act that fundamentally shifts where immigrants are coming from.


Used to be, they mostly came from Europe. After 1965, they start to come mostly from Latin and South America. And that was an actual stated goal of people who sponsored it. Like for example, Senator Ted Kennedy. And this has changed the nature of mass migration. It's been a huge problem. Combine that with the left insistence, that multiculturalism means that you never have to assimilate and now you got a real problem. You got a problem of ethnic enclaves who are not interested in assimilating to American values at all. However, those are all the things that we can agree on before we even get to high skilled immigration. Again, when it comes to high skilled immigration, there are ba basically, again, two cases against high skilled immigration. The cultural and economic. The cultural case is, well, people might come here, they might not assimilate or they go back to their fine.


So make it that they have to assimilate to get in and make it more restrictive to people who wanna assimilate and wanna gain citizenship. Fine. The second case is the economic case. This is the one that's really dicey. Again, there will be downstream effects to economic protectionism in Autarchy. Pretending not is simply blinding yourself to the realities of economics. Okay? We need more people like Elon Musk in the United States. Barring Elon Musk from the United States would not have been good for the United States. We need more people like Serge, Bryn in the United States, founding giant companies in the United States. We need unicorn founders in the United States. Again, you wanna raise the bar as two gets in, that's fine. But we do need those people. And if we don't gain them, other people will, other countries will and then we'll lose.


And I like America winning, which is by the way, why Donald Trump agrees with this. Donald Trump says that he supports immigration visas. He said, I have a lot of H one Bs on my property. He said, I've always liked the visas. I've always been in favor of the visas. That's why we have them. I've been a believer in H one B, I've used it many times. It's a great program. And I think that there's gonna be a lot of Nixon going to China in this administration. For a lot of people who seem to believe that Donald Trump mirrors their more sort nationalist predilections. Donald Trump is utilitarian. He wants wins for the United States, and that means a thriving economy. That means Americans doing well across the board, not just in particular sectors. It'll be fascinating to see how it all plays out.


And meanwhile, Joe Biden is going out with a whimper, not a bang. Goodness gracious. So he has decided that he's basically gonna find every despicable person in the United States and then give those people a presidential medal of freedom. Why the hell not? You know? Gotta leave it all on the field. If you're Joe Biden at this point it to life, you're done. So Joe Biden has decided among others, that recipients of the presidential Medal of Freedom ought to be Hillary Clinton, George Soros, and Bill Nye, the science guy. Among others, which is pretty incredible. George Soros has single-handedly helped destroy the law enforcement mechanisms of the United States. He's funded left-wing prosecutors who've destroyed the ability to prosecute criminals across the urban areas of the United States.


He has funded every far left clause he can find in the United States, undermining basic American principles. George Soros is a disaster area. So of course, Joe Biden is giving him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which of course is also designed to bribe his son, Alex Soros, who's actually the person who showed up to pick it up. Alex Orris is also kind of famous for tweeting out photos with prominent democratic politicians standing high above the city of New York where all of these politicians come to kiss his ring. Hillary Clinton also showed up to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, presumably for lying about Benghazi, shredding all of her documents and all of the rest, as well as initiating Russiagate. That's what her campaign did. Other people included humanitarian and chef Jose Andres, who has lied repeatedly about the humanitarian situation in Gaza and allowed his World Central Kitchen to unfortunately be used as a prop by members of Hamas.


Bill Nye, the science guy who's mostly famous for now becoming a left-wing kook And some others. So, so many deserving. Liz Cheney. Also, he awarded the Presidential Citizens Medal to 20 recipients, including members of the House January 6th committee as a final slap at President Trump. Also, over the break, by the way, he decided to commute the sentences of a bunch of death row prisoners, 37 outta 40 death row. Apparently, certain victims just don't count according to President Biden. So President Biden granted clemency to 37 of the 40 federal inmates facing death sentences. The only three inmates who did not receive clemency are the convicted murderer in the Tree of Life synagogue, shooting the gunman in the Mother Emmanuel Church in Charleston.


That was the white supremacist shooting and the surviving Boston Marathon bomber, the terrorist. But apparently everybody else who committed rape and murder, all, all those people are basically going to stay alive on death row now. Now, if, if Biden were truly principled that death penalty, he commuted for everybody. He so he is not, he just thinks that some crimes are worse than others, and apparently raping and murdering little girls is not on the same level as shooting up a synagogue in Pittsburgh, which is kind of an amazing statement As a final slap, of course, Joe Biden is also going to be putting in place a ban on offshore oil and gas drilling in vast areas ahead of the Trump. Trump. Remember, Kamala Harris ran as somebody who is not going to fight fracking.


So did Joe Biden right? They were going to open America's energy exploration. Wrong. He's a liar. According to Reuters, Joe Biden will ban new offshore oil and gas development along most US coastlines. A decision president-elect Donald Trump was vowed to boost domestic energy production may find it difficult to reverse. So Biden's gonna use his authority under the 70-year-old outer Continental Shelf lands Act to protect all federal waters off the east and west coasts, the Eastern Gulf of Mexico, and portions of the Northern Bearing Sea. In Alaska, the ban affects 625 million acres of ocean. Absolutely ridiculous, absolutely terrible. The problem is the Lands Act, which allows presidents to withdraw areas from mineral leasing and drilling, does not grant them legal authority to overturn prior bans.


That order from a court came in 2019 as a response to Trump trying to reverse a Barack Obama ban on drilling in the Arctic and Atlantic Ocean. Another disgraceful move by a horrible president, Joe Biden is gonna go down in history as probably our second worst president. I say probably because there is one other person on the list and that person died over the break. That'd be Jimmy Carter. We're gonna get to Jimmy Carter's legacy in just a moment.


First, if you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach SHAPIRO. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.