
Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota, all loans and amount subject to lender of approval.


Well folks, we'll get to what I think is the biggest actual political scandal of our lifetimes that everyone is apparently just ignoring in one second. First, we're just 42 days away from the most pivotal election of our lifetime. The truth has never been more critical. With Daily Wire plus, you get uncensored daily shows from the most trusted voices in conservative media. Live breaking news, hard hitting investigative journalism. Don't wait. Subscribe now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and stay informed. Okay, so when I say that the biggest scandal of our lifetime is unfolding right before us and nobody is noticing, do you remember this guy named Joe Biden? Do you remember him? He's the current president of the United States, and you'll recall that just a few weeks ago, he was the Democratic nominee for President of the United States and then he did a debate with Donald Trump and he completely collapsed on stage and demonstrated to the entire world that he actually is senile, that there is nothing going on upstairs, that he does not have working synapses, that the neurons are not firing.


And that became clear to literally everyone, so much so that the entire left-wing press, which had been on Joe Biden isn side, decided he had to go as the nominee but not as the president. And. here is the point. The current president of the United States, the most powerful man on planet earth by every available description, that person is effectively dead. That person has been dead for years at this point and he is clearly dead right now, right now, which means that the vice President of the United States in a typical working scenario, would have a constitutional duty under the 25th Amendment to supplant the president of the United States. Kamala Harris has a constitutional duty today to oust Joe Biden.


This man is not functional. That does have ramifications for the United States and for the world. Yes, thank God the founders built an incredibly durable system in which many of the cogs in the machine can be replaced and the machine continues to function. However, the world is becoming a more dangerous place, not just because Joe Biden was the president, but also because he currently is the president and it is astonishing to me how we are all supposed to just forget that he's the president of the United States today. Today he is not alive, folks. He's spending half of his time sleeping on a beach in Delaware and the other half of his time wandering around into walls at the White House. So tape emerged on Friday and the first cabinet meeting, public cabinet meeting has been held in quite a while, but Joe Biden wasn't leading that cabinet meeting.


Joe Biden was not leading that cabinet meeting. The person leading the cabinet meeting was Dr. Jill Biden. Now, Joe Biden has been elected by no one. She has never won a single vote, sort of like Kamala Harris with the nomination. That's another story. Jill Biden literally has no public support to be doing what she's doing right now. Now, M-S-N-B-C just reported this as first lady joins President Biden in cabinet meeting, but that's not what's happening. She's literally sitting at the head of the table at the cabinet meeting and leading the cabinet meeting. This is a person with a doctoral degree in education from like the local college who's never been elected to a position ever but did marry Joe Biden some decades ago, and now she's the sitting president of the United States.


This is insane. At least Edith Wilson had to pretend that Woodrow Wilson was still sentient even though he was a vegetable. Joe Biden isn't even pretending this is a scandal, folks, this is Did you elect her? I didn't elect her. I didn't vote for Joe Biden, but he's still my president, which means my president is brain dead. He is not with us any longer. He is not. Here's the tape of Joe Biden leading the meeting and Joe Biden is sitting there, slack jawed staring off into the distance at death approaching, and we're all pretending this is normal. The entire media have decided this is not interesting. It is not worth covering because the only thing they care about is maintaining the functioning of the Democratic media machine That is all they care about.


It doesn't matter who's at the head of it, slap a new coat of payment on it, call it Kamala Harris. Doesn't matter. The presidency, however, does not work that way. The president has plenary power over say foreign policy. So who the hell is filling the seat right now? Who is the president of the United States? I know it's not Joe Biden, but maybe it is. Here's the footage from the other day For somebody who has worked on women's health issues for her whole career, frankly as as a teacher, but also as the Second Lady, and now as the first lady. She said one of the things that struck her the most was the inequities in where is Joe in medical research funding for medical research for they're all clapping for women, so this is an important priority of hers And Joe Biden is sitting somewhere at the middle of the table just looking randomly at things.


He's not the president of the United States. He gave another speech over the weekend in which he was supposed to apparently be introducing a leader from India and he has no idea who he's introducing. None. He just loses it right in the middle. And now who am I introducing next? Who's next? Distinguished guests, the prime Minister of the Republic of India. By the way, he's from a small country like ours, slow population, but he's become a good and decent man and a good friend.


What the hell is wrong? I mean, we know what's wrong. He's not with us. By the way, this is not an obscure world leader. Modi is the leader of the most populous country on the planet, on the planet, and he can't remember who he's supposed to introduce, and he starts yelling into the microphone. That is the person who is currently the president of the United States. How is this not The, Biggest Scandal, In Modern, American HISTORY. It's literally happening in front of your eyes and we're all supposed to pretend it means nothing. Now why? How the hell is it not? The, Biggest, Scandal, In Modern American HISTORY that the president is not with us Brain-wise


tell you what else is a scandal paying too much for your cell phone bill? Not quite the same kind of scandal, but for you kind of a big scandal. The big phone providers want you to believe you need unlimited data so they can overcharge you. Here's the fact. Most of you are buying way more data than you will ever need with Pure Talk, my cell phone company. You can choose how much data you actually want and you can save. Listen to this. For just 35 bucks a month, you can get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G network. You know what you can do with that much data? You can browse the internet for 500 hours streaming 3000 songs, or watch 30 hours of video. That's if you're not on wifi. Here's the best part. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk on a qualifying plan, you get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider that's access to the full library of DW plus movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman, Mr. Bertram and Run Hide, fight plus Uncensored ad free daily shows, one year free of our kids platform Bent Key and your very own free leftist tier Tumblr. But the only way you can get this special offer is heading on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro or call and mention my name, stop over paying for your cell phone plan. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider.


This is a question we should all be asking. Why are we supposed to pretend this means nothing? The answer is pretty obvious. The reason we are also supposed to pretend that it does not matter that the current president of the United States is non compost menis. The reason again, we are, we are supposed to notice it. When he was the nominee, the minute he became not nominee, then it became irrelevant and we never heard about it again. And in fact, Kamala Harris still goes on national television and pretends he is fine. She literally went on the only joint interview that she's done with Tim Walls with Dana Bash, and she literally said, he's fine, everything's great. He's doing amazing. He's clearly not. So why maintain the myth? Why maintain the myth?


I mean, I understand that there's the shiny object of the election over here, but there's this thing called the United States government with a person at the head of the presidency of the Article two branch of government, and that guy is not with us. So why? Why the coverup? Why are we back to everything's fine. Don't notice what's going on in front of you. The answer is if we were to notice that Joe Biden is non compost menis, the solution to that is not to replace him on the ticket. The solution is not to make Kamala Harris the nominee. The solution to that constitutionally speaking is to make Kamala Harris the President. So the question becomes why? Why hasn't? Why? Why won't she do it? I mean, obviously everyone knows what's true.


Everybody understands that Joe Biden is gone. So why? Why isn't she just declaring the 25th Amendment along with the cabinet and putting herself in his place? Why? And there are two reasons. One is she is afraid that the zombie corpse of Joe Biden will wander the landscape and explain to the American people just how crappy she is as a revenge move for him being ousted from the presidency. That's part of it, but that's not really the story. The real story is this, Kamala Harris can only run and win if she's not perceived as part of this administration, if she's perceived as having nothing to do with the policies of this administration. That's the dirty secret of this entire campaign, the dirty secret of this entire campaign. Kamala Harris cannot run on the Biden record.


Joe Biden couldn't even run on the Biden record. Even if he were fine, he could not run on his record. His record is trash, which means her record is trash. She can't run on that record. She has to run and she's trying to as a change candidate. The problem of course is she's not a change, and if you spend one iota of a second thinking about it, you know she's not a change, but she needs the patina of not being the current president of the United States. She can't politically remove Joe Biden and put herself at the top of the White House without losing the election because then she's responsible for the things she wants, all of the credit for being VP and none of the accountability for anything that her entire administration has done as vp.


The minute she supplants Joe Biden, the facade falls away. The Potemkin village that is this administration falls away and Kamala Harris is just the person. She is the person responsible for this trash policy. That is why Joe Biden has retained his seat as the president of the United States, despite the fact that he's brain dead. Folks, look at him. He's not. We all know it. Why are we pretending? The entire reason he was moved off the ticket is 'cause he's brain dead, but he's still well enough to be the president of the United States. By what standard of the imagination is that true? By the way the rest of the world knows he's brain dead. Why do you think it is that China is getting so aggressive in the South China Sea? Why do you think war is breaking out in the Middle East again? Why do you think that Ukraine has been moving very aggressively into Russia?


The answer is they know Joe Biden is dead. Why do you think America's opponents haven't actually cut a deal in the face of all of those aggressive move by America's allies for example? The answer is they know Joe Biden's dead. It's just going to maintain at this pace from the American administration. 'cause there ain't nobody at the helm. The American ship of state is basically just bobbing along on the waters with no one giving it direction. All in order to lie, Kamala Harris into the White House. That's what this entire thing is. Here is the reality. Joe Biden's record is terrible. I mean truly egregiously awful.


If you look at his foreign policy record on everything from Afghanistan to Ukraine to the Middle East, it is all garbage. It is all trash. She can't run on it. There's no way for her to run on it. So the thing she has to do is continue to maintain Joe Biden as president and then pretend she has nothing to do with him. That's the entire game here. She has to claim credit for all of the supposed accomplishments without taking any of the blame. The best way to do that, pretend that he's still the president of the United States and so far it's been working because the American people are not spending more than one iota of time thinking about the simple fact that she's the current vice president of the United States and let's be real. The Trump campaign has done a bad job of tying her to the Democratic platform and to the Democratic party.


She's seen by the American public, at least large sch swaths of it as a sort of freewheeling radical who came in outta nowhere. And that's why according to the the latest New York Times college polling, she is seen as a change candidate. Now again, that is logically impossible. She cannot be the change candidate being the sitting vice president of the United States. That's insipid. And yet she's been able to do that. Why? Because the media obviously have been lying. They've been saying that she has nothing to do with Joe Biden. She can switch her positions at whim. It's totally fine. In fact, that's their entire campaign. MSNBC's Stephanie Rule says as much she said, we don't need to hear any policies from Kamala. Stop asking for policies from Kamala. It's useless. Kamala Harris Harris, I just said, I'm not gonna vote for her, is not running for perfect.


She's running against Trump. We have two choices. And so there are some things you might not know her answer to. And in 2024, unlike 2016, for a lot of the American people, we know exactly what Trump will do, who he is, and the kind of threat he is to democracy. I Okay, notice the insane juxtaposition right there. We know exactly what Trump will do 'cause he's been president. Well buy that same token. We know exactly what Kamala Harris will do because she's the vice president. But according to Stephanie rule, we know nothing about her. She's a mystery wrapped in an enigma. So the entire media are pretending. We have no idea what Kamala Harris believes or what she will do, but she's currently the vice president of the United States.


It is all a lie, but I'm not lying when I tell you that.


You know when it comes to your kids, they get sick like all the time. This happens to me all the time. The kids are fine. They're bouncing off the walls an hour later, they're really sick. You can feel helpless, not to mention it can turn your plans upside down, especially if you happen to be on vacation after thousands of customer requests. The Wellness Company has just launched the kids medical emergency kit. You no longer have to frantically bother your pediatrician on the weekends. Now you have six critical medicines at your fingertips for issues like Covid, strep throat and ear infections. The kid's emergency kit has been hand selected by the Wellness Company's medical board. This kit makes being a parent a little bit easier. It includes an EpiPen for those critical moments when your child's life could depend on it or one of their friends. The 40 page guidebook is like having an expert by your side guiding you step by step even when the doctor's office is closed. Ordering this kit is a lot easier than driving to a doctor appointment, urgent care or hospital, just a few clicks. Fill out an intake form, it's delivered to your door. No more late night pharmacy runs. No more scrambling When your child needs you most. This isn't just a purchase, it's peace of mind. It's the confidence that you're ready for whatever life throws at your family. Don't wait until you're in the middle of a crisis. Order that Kid's emergency kit today. Be the hero your child deserves exactly when they need you. Go to urgent care kit.com/ BEN. That's urgent care kit.com/ BEN Use promo code BEN save up to 40 bucks off plus free shipping urgent care kit.com/ BEN promo code BEN.


This entire ticket is running as dissociated from the current administration that she is the vice president of and has a constitutional duty to be president of under the 25th Amendment since the president is dead, Stephanie, so Tim Walls the the Vice presidential contender and weirdo from Minnesota with the weird hand wave emotions from the side of a freeway used car sales lot. So Tim Walls, he kinda let the cat outta the bag. The other day he was speaking in Bethlehem Pennsylvania and he says, we can't afford four more years of this. We can't afford four more years of this. Okay, what is this Now? Everybody's making fun of him.


The entire Trump team was making fun of him because they're pointing out four more years of what she's the current vice president. But that's the whole campaign. They have to promote the lie. Joe Biden doesn't exist. In fact, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris never existed. The current president of the United States is not Joe Biden and it's not Kamala Harris and it's not Joe Biden. The current president of the United States, according to Tim Walls, is Donald Trump. He's responsible for everything happening right now. And again so far it is working as at least working to the extent that this race is effectively a dead heat. And Nate Silver is breaking down the numbers. I use Nate's numbers because again, I think he's the best poll analyst in the business right now. He gives Kamala Harris a very slight electoral college probability and a much heavier popular vote probability right now.


If you look at the polls, effectively speaking, she has a better shot of winning Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin than Trump does. Although each one of those races is inside the margin of error. If you take a look for example at Pennsylvania, which is the state of those that Trump is most likely to win. If you look at Pennsylvania Pennsylvania right now is looking like a very, very slight advantage for Kamala Harris. The latest poll from Marris College has Harris and Trump tied, but Trump hasn't led in a poll in Pennsylvania for about a week. The last one they had him leading was the Insider Advantage poll. The New York Times College poll shows her up four points.


Right now, that same New York Times College poll as we'll see has Trump leading in the Sunbelt states. This is the most likely tipping point state in America because Pennsylvania has 19 electoral college votes. So Harris, if she wins Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, she wins the election with the exact same electoral map as Joe Biden, assuming she also wins Nevada. And even if she loses Nevada at that point, even if she loses Nevada, then she still wins the election. It gets her to two 70. So the point is that it's it's it's working for her much better than it worked for Joe Biden. The thing about Joe Biden is that he was losing to Donald Trump before his mental collapse, before he completely collapsed on stage.


Steve Koki over at NBC's meet the press. He was doing his analysis and he was showing a brand new again, NBC news poll that shows that Kamala Harris has now vaulted to a five point national lead. Again, this is still inside margin of error, but these are much better numbers for Kamala Harris. You can see that the race has been completely reshaped since Harris took the top of the ticket Completely. And one of the things powering that lead, we should note too, there's a pretty pronounced gender gap at this point. Harris among women is leading in our poll by 21 points among Men, Trump is leading by 12. That is a 33 point gender gap. Okay? First of all, I don't think that's the final gender gap. I think Trump ends up winning men by significantly more than 12.


However, Kamala Harris leading by 20 among women, that would not be a giant shock. So what does that mean for the Harris campaign? Hide her, hide her. The entire campaign is about hiding her, making sure that no one ever connects her to anything going on inside the Biden administration, pretending he's still the president again. That's the reason she hasn't gotten rid of him. If she gets rid of him, she is now automatically responsible for everything happening automatically. So they have to keep the dead man in place. They have a corpse in the Oval Office and they just wheel him around and pretend he's the President. Just so that Kamala Harris doesn't have to be. As always in her political career, she avoids all accountability and all responsibility while pretending that she's a transformative figure. That is the name of the game for Kamala Harris.


So there's some talk right now from Axios that VP Para Harris and Trump are both considering a 60 minutes interviews that would air back to back on October 7th as a campaign grand finale, which is a weird campaign grand finale. Since that's October 7th, I noticed that October 7th is a month in advance of the election. The Harris campaign is apparently inactive talks with 60 minutes. Trump's sources sustain interview is TBD. Apparently the reason that they are considering 60 Minutes is because one of the people who is theoretically being considered for the actual interview with Vice President Harris is a friendly, apparently the person they are considering is Bill Whitaker.


Whitaker interviewed Harris last fall providing a familiarity factor to help entice the campaign. They also invited the VP candidates to participate. So it'll be another one of these Her, her parents come with her to school principal's office in order to help her through the interview. The entire game is pretending that she's not what she is. That's the entire game. Now it's working because again, she's raising tons of money 'cause she ain't Joe Biden. Her fundraising right now is really outpacing Trump's according to Axios, coordinated efforts in August totaled $360,000,001 for Harris and her committees compared to $130 million for Trump's campaign. The Harris campaign raised nearly $190 million directly in August, which is more than the $130 million.


The Trump campaign, RNC and other supporting committees coordinated effort raised in August as well. The Trump campaign raised $45 million in August, but they have about $135 million cash on hand. So. she is really outpacing him in the fundraising. It is also unclear whether the Trump campaign is doing what it has to do in terms of door knocking and getting out the vote. According to the Associated Press. Republican activists in swing states say they've seen little sign of the teams tasked with knocking on doors and turning out infrequent voters on behalf of Donald Trump raising concerns about the party's presidential nominee, relying on outside groups for an important part of his campaign operations. According to the Associated Press, Trump and the Republican National Committee, he controls opted to share, get out the vote duties in key parts of the most competitive states this year with groups like America Pac.


That'd be the organization supported by Elon Musk or also T-P-U-S-A. That's the organization run by Charlie Kirk. It's difficult to demonstrate something is not happening, but with fewer than 50 days until the November 5th election, dozens of Republican officials activists in operatives in Michigan, North Carolina and other battleground states say they have rarely or never witnessed the group's canvassers in Arizona and Nevada. The must back Political Action Committee replaced its door knocking company just this past week. This is a major problem. You gotta actually do the work to get out the vote. If that doesn't happen, then Trump is not going to be able to overcome even the small gaps. This, this election is going to turn on extremely small gaps. Now, folks, it's not enough for you just sort of to believe that the Trump vote is gonna show up.


You actually have to get out there and do the work. You have to go out and do the door knocking. You have to do the on the ground work that is required in order to win an election.


Don't blind yourself to that, but you should be using blinds.com. Hmm, you like the pun? Did you remember the old way of shopping for custom window treatments? You'd wait around all day just to get an overpriced quote from a pushy salesperson. Those days are over because blinds.com invented a better way. We at the Shapiro household got our blinds from blinds.com. They've been a huge game changer in elevating our home for the upcoming holiday season. Listen, I love blinds.com. I can trust them when it comes to having a wide selection accessible experts to talk to live and installers who know precisely what they're doing, whether you're a DIY warrior or you prefer to use their professional install services, you can count on blinds.com to deliver top quality window treatments from premium woven wood to motorized shades and more. You can get unlimited custom window treatments installed for just one low cause. and@blinds.com, there are never any hidden fees or showroom markups. The price you see on the website, that's the price you pay. Now, I know some of you might be hesitant about ordering window treatments online with blinds dot com's, 100% satisfaction guarantee you don't have anything to worry about. If you're not completely satisfied with the style, color, or fit, they'll always work to make it right. So here's what you need to do. Shop blinds.com right now, get up to 45% on select styles. That's right. Save up to 45 percent@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Now, the positive news for Donald Trump is that Donald Trump is still running again, very, very even in this election. This election is a toss up by every available metric. This election is a toss up. The brand new New York Times CI College poll in Arizona, Georgia, and North Carolina shows Trump with leads outside the margin of error in Arizona and close in Georgia. He's still leading in North Carolina by a couple of points. We'll have to see if the complete collapse of the gubernatorial candidate Robinson over there is going to affect Trump in any serious way. Robinson, despite all of his dicey history, still has not stepped out of the race despite trailing in polls by 10 points or so. Suffice it to say if Trump wins Arizona, Georgia, and North Carolina, he needs to pick up Nevada and then he also would theoretically need to change the Nebraska Electoral Commission in both Nebraska and Maine.


The electoral votes are divvied up by Congressional district, so it's possible to win one and not the other, even though Nebraska is a deep red state. So Nebraska has five votes. One of them is competitive for Democrats because of the congressional district. So there's been some talk about changing that to move that fifth vote in Trump's favor theoretically in the election, which would mean that if he were to win Nevada and then he were to get that additional vote in Nebraska, for example, then he would be able presumably to get to a tie ball game 2 69, 2 69, and then you get the weirdest election in American history in which it gets solved by the House of Representatives led presumably by Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, in which case that extremely, extremely narrow house majority turns Trump into the President.


Okay? Now, on the other hand, theoretically, Maine could go the other way. So one of the things Nebraska's trying to do, presumably is delay changing that fifth electoral vote so that it's just the, A winner takes all state until it's too late for Maine to do so and switch it to an electoral vote that is winner take all because Democrats win Maine, counteracting the effect of Nebraska. So that's all a mess. Bottom line is this election is really, really, really despite all of the attempts to paint Kamala Harris as a godsend, despite all of the attempts to turn Kamala Harris into something magical and wonderful. Now, what could change the results of this race? What could change the results of this race are one, a real change in focus by the Trump campaign.


She is team White House team. White House sucks. She owns all of it. That's all. Repeat it over and over and over and over. Every time she says she has a plan, the answer is, you're the current vice president. You didn't do it. And every time she tries to disassociate from Joe Biden, you say you are the last person in the room. You're responsible for all of it. That's the entire campaign from here to November 5th. That's the only thing Trump should be saying. JD Van should be saying, Vance have been doing good job of this Trump less. So that is the only thing that matters. Now, Trump has been saying he won't do another debate again. I think that that is probably the right move, given the fact that he does not perform well in these debates. Let's be frank about this. His debate performance against Joe Biden was not stellar. It's just that Joe Biden knocked himself out. Biden not being an alive person, Joe Biden almost literally knocked himself out on stage staring a gap into death's mall.


It wasn't like Donald Trump provided a sterling performance and then against Kamala Harris, he laid down and died. I mean, it was just a bad performance by Donald Trump in that debate with Kamala Harris. It's that simple. Will another debate help him? I'm not sure. I don't think so. I, because I don't think he necessarily has the discipline to do what he needs to do in a debate against Kamala Harris. Even though, again, I think she's an eggshell skull. I think if you flicker, she falls apart. But here he was yesterday explaining why he's not gonna do another debate. He has said, I offered her one on Fox News and she won't do it, which is true. The problem with another debate is that it's just too late voting has already started. She's had her chance to do it with Fox. You know, Fox invited us on and I waited and waited and they turned it down.


Okay, so he is right about that. Also, would it serve his purposes to debate? Probably not run a disciplined campaign. Now, Trump is also ruling out a 2028 run. He was asked about that. If he loses this time, will he run again? He should not run again. If he loses this time, he shouldn't. Because if you run three presidential elections and you lose two of them, at that point, it may be time to move on. Obviously I want him to win. I hope he wins. I think there's a very solid possibility, 50 50 shot that he does win. He needs to be focused on the here and now. I think that is what Trump is doing right here, and whether he runs again or not. He said the same thing in 2020, by the way, and then obviously that didn't hold true. So will I hold them to his word here? Doubtful. But here he was yesterday.


If you're not successful this time, do you see yourself running again in four years? No, I don't. No, I don't. I think that that will be, that will be it. I don't see that at all. Okay, now I think that's his way of locking in for this election. Discipline. Focus and discipline. Discipline. That's it. Discipline. Discipline, discipline, focus. That's it. That's the entire


campaign. Now I know it's murky. What will actually happen if Trump loses you? You find yourself pondering the future a lot around election season. But while considering the nation's path, it's also time to think about your inevitable future death. Now, I know that's pretty dark, but the reality is you do need life insurance. Enter policy genius, the country's leading online insurance marketplace, they're experts at helping you secure your family's financial future Quicker than Kamala Harris can change her policy positions. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job with PolicyGenius. You can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Impressive, right? Their platform combines cutting edge technology with human expertise. You get access to quotes from top insurers, find the best rates, receive guidance from licensed professionals throughout the process. Remember, PolicyGenius works for you, not the insurance companies. Their recommendations are based on your needs, not commission structures. Let PolicyGenius help you plan for your family's future because true peace of mind comes from knowing you've taken care of what matters most. Be ready for the future with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click the link in the description, Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.


Now, here's the thing, the other thing that can decide this election, it's not gonna be debates. It is gonna be the Trump campaign focusing in, and it's also going to be the exogenous events that shape any election cycle. A lot of stuff is happening in the world right now, and a lot of it is happening because Joe Biden is not alive. Now, I'm not sure how much of it's 'cause he's alive and how much of it is because he's just a bad president. Frankly, I'm not sure how the policy would be radically different on foreign policy. Were he alive and he was alive for parts of his administration and his foreign policy was a disaster. In fact, there's a case to be made that America's foreign policy has actually gotten better since he died. Again, I'm speaking figuratively here, folks. He's not actually dead, but since he became non-com menis and clearly not in charge of his own faculties or bowels, in any case, chaos is breaking out in the world and America's allies are on the move.


America's allies are like, listen, we don't want Kamala Harris to be in the White House presiding over us doing what we need to do, so we are going to move right the hell now. And that's exactly what is happening with Israel and Lebanon right now. So since October 7th, there have been consistent rocket attacks on the state of Israel from a foreign state. Lebanon. Israel is occupying zero Lebanese territory. So the notion that this has anything to do with quote unquote occupation is nonsense. It's absolute crap. It's tripe nonsensical. Second, Hezbollah is an Iranian proxy group. It has nothing in common with the Palestinians. It uses the Palestinians as a way of justifying its aggressive action In an attempt to destroy the state of Israel.


Hassana Raah has made very clear he wants the state of Israel to be destroyed. He's the leader of Hezbollah. Hezbollah also happens to be a governing party in the Lebanese parliament. The attempt to separate off Hezbollah as a sort of terror group in the heart of Lebanon as opposed to a controlling party in Lebanon is ridiculous. It is the effective governing body in large swaths of Lebanon, Hezbollah. So you have a state that is effectively attacking the state of Israel for the last 11 months or so every day. Rocket attacks every single day. So much so that Israel had to evacuate all of the northern towns, which is like 80 to a hundred thousand people. Even the parts that aren't evacuated are running into bomb shelters on the regular fought, which is one of the holiest cities in Israel.


Constantly. People are running into bomb shelters because of rocket attacks flying in from southern Lebanon. Now, just to give the history, Israel had occupied a swath of Southern Lebanon in a defensive crouch, and then it abandoned it under Ood Barak at the beginning of the two thousands. In the year 2000, they abandoned Southern Lebanon and they were given a guarantee by the United Nations that IL would actually occupy that territory and make sure it wasn't turned into a terror base. It was then promptly turned into a terror base by Hezbollah as always the UN doing its best to stand on behalf of terrorists. So now those rocks have been flying in for months and months and months and months, and the Israelis are pretty much done with cleaning up the Gaza Strip. They're still going to have to maintain a military presence there.


They're gonna have to do counter-terrorism operations. Apparently there's still some 40 to 50 hostages who are still alive down there. There are rumors by the way, that in the Gaza Strip Yasir, the leader of Hamas may in fact be dead. Those rumors have not been confirmed by the Israeli army, by the Israeli military. There are apparently some high level divisions among sort of the intel operatives in Israel as to whether sin is alive or whether he is dead. The bottom line is that he's no longer in day-to-day command of the, of the militias run by Hamas in the Gaza Strip. So Israel has performed the vast majority of his military operations in the Gaza Strip. Now, it's a matter of maintaining and cleaning up, which is gonna take a while, but it is not the large scale formal operations that you've been seeing over the course of the last year since October 7th, and the mass terror attack launched by Hamas.


So that means that Israel has now turned to the North and they've made very clear the Hezbollah for months that if they don't stop the rocket attacks, if they don't cut it out, Israel is going to have to go in, clear out Southern Lebanon and make it safe for its own people to live in the north of Israel. Israel has no desire to occupy Lebanon. Israel has no desire to have its military in Lebanon. It has been attacked by a sovereign force for the last 11 months. In the same way that if Cuba started stocking up on rockets and firing hundreds of rockets into Miami every single night, the United States would have to militarily occupy Cuba that that's what would happen. Same thing, Northern Mexico. If Northern Mexico were firing rockets over the border into San Diego or in El Paso, the United States military would in fact do military operations to clean up the border sufficient to ensure that American citizens could live in American territory.


So Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime Minister of Israel, this is not a political issue, by the way, in Israel. This is a fully left to right. Everyone agrees on this. So all the media in the United States attempting to paint this as some sort of evil hawkish BB Netanyahu plot. That's absolute crap. Yet I Lapid has come. Who's left as it comes, has come out in favor of this particular operation. Says you have Gallant says the entire IDF infrastructure left to right. There is no disagreement that the residents of the north must be returned to the North. Everyone understands that. Here's Netanyahu saying as much. Over the past few days, we have struck Hezbollah with a series of blows. It didn't imagine. If Hezbollah didn't get the message, I assure you they will get the message.


We are determined to return our citizens in the north to their homes safely. No country can tolerate incoming fire against it. Citizens, incoming fire against its cities. And we too, the state of Israel won't tolerate it. So Israel has been performing brilliant military operations over the course of the last week. It let off that astonishing anti terroror attack the the single most successful Antit Terroror operation in human history, targeted, specific and incredibly effective. They blew up all the beepers. You remember this last week, they blew up all the beepers that Hezbollah had. It was an incredible military and an intelligence operation. They had somehow built a beeper company that ended up supplying the beepers to Hezbollah.


That was after they apparently had hacked all of Hezbollah's phones and made clear that they had done so sufficient that Hassana Raah, the head of Hezbollah, had told all of his terrorists they needed to start using a beeper system. Israel then sold them the beepers. They then simultaneously blew up all the beepers, killing dozens and dozens of Hezbollah top soldiers and wounding thousands of others permanently. Many of them. Then when they switched over to the comm system to walkie talkies, Israel blew up the walkie talkies as well, which means the calm system for Hezbollah does not exist. It is gone. So Israel simultaneously took out many of the top commanders of Hezbollah and their calm system. Then they had to meet in person. Okay? So the Hezbollah commanders, they could no longer communicate by phone.


Israel had tap the phones. They could no longer communicate by beepers. Those were all blown up. They couldn't communicate by walkie talkies, which meant they had to meet in person. Israel tracked the meeting to an apartment building in Beirut and bombed the apartment building, killing the top 12 to 20 Hezbollah commanders like all including the number two in Hezbollah. So Israel has been doing the most brilliant targeted military operation of modern times against, against Hezbollah like targeting only Hezbollah. The number of civilian deaths. Incredibly, incredibly low despite the fact that like Hamas, Hezbollah hides in civilian areas. Well, today, Israel has now informed they've been sending out 80,000 phone calls apparently to residents of Southern Lebanon who are living right around of the Hezbollah military apparatus.


These are Shiite Lebanese who very much are allied with Hezbollah. In many cases, Israel has informed them, get outta your houses, get get outta the area. Get outta the area. 'cause we're going. The same thing happening in the Becca Valley that is in sort of east nor Northeastern Lebanon. That area is where Hezbollah has been stashing all its long range cruise missiles. Israel's F 30 fives have been hitting that all weekend, including today. Israel is no longer going to take this. What is accelerating this? One of the things that's accelerating this is the fact that they see the possibility of a Kam Harris presidency. That really is a thing. They understand that she has surrounded herself with some of the most radical anti-Israel people in American politics, and that if they have to do this while she's the president, then she will attempt to cut off the aid.


So they're going to secure their north and they're going to do it right the hell. Now again, this is not a political issue in Israel. We'll get to more on this in just one second.


First, see the groundbreaking documentary from Matt Walsh that became his first cultural phenomenon. What is Woman? That's the film that started it all. And the best part, you don't actually have to go to the THEATERS to watch it, you just need to join us as a Daily Wire Plus member. You can watch it on demand anytime you want that hit documentary tackles one of the most debated questions of our time and Matt Walsh's journey to find an answer has captivated audiences across the world. See, what is a woman that was Matt's first groundbreaking documentary for yourself. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe at Join today, Use code at DW 30 for 30% off your new Daily Wire Plus membership.


So again, this is not a political issue in Israel for, for the Israelis left to right. They understand that they have to clear Southern Lebanon of the terror threat and also get rid of the long range missile and rocket threat that is targeting Israel. Israel has moved its entire hospital in Haifa, which is sort of central North Israel. They have moved the entire hospital units underground in preparation for rocket attack that the, again, imagine this were happening in the United States. The US military would be doing heavy work. Right now the Israeli military is Israeli president Isaac Za Kza. He was on with Face the Nation yesterday and he said, you know, the reason that we are striking is because we have to, again, Isaac Kza not a right winger.


Isaac Kza is central left. He used to be a leader of the Labor Party. Here he is. These guys who we eradicated on Friday were gathering together in the, in their apartment in Beirut, in order to plan another October 7th that they developed this school of thought. Okay, he is right about all of that, of course. And he says, listen, we have no interest in escalating into another war. We've warned them 1 million times that if Fi don't stop this, we're gonna have to do something. He's right about that too. Is Israel trying to escalate into a full blown war with Hezbollah?


Absolutely not. We did not want this war. We're not seeking war. This war was waged upon us by the proxies of the Empire of evil of Iran on October 7th by Hamas and on October 8th by Hezbollah. Israel is making very clear also that they're not going to leave Hassana raah himself off the table. They're going to go after the so-called Theia neighborhood of Beirut, which everyone know apparently understands is the Hezbollah strongholds. What is the United States' response? This is where the president no longer being alive is a problem. I mean, again, the fact is that Joe Biden is the most powerful person on the planet. You know what could have forced, stalled this entire conflict? Seriously could have forced stalled it.


If the United States they had, we, we did, we had actual naval carriers, we had us air aircraft carriers off the coast in the med, off the coast of Lebanon for months. If the United States had said to the Lebanese government, look, Israel's gonna go and when they do, we're gonna give them every single thing they need. And we are not going to stop them. We're not gonna, we're not gonna hold their chain. We're not gonna hold their leash. We are just gonna sit here and watch them do the thing. And if you try to take a pot shot at us, we'll blow you into next week. We're just gonna sit right here. If they had done that, the Lebanese government might actually have pulled back. It turns out, and because of the brilliance of the Israeli maneuvers, the Hezbollah capabilities thus far have been demonstrated to be not nearly as powerful or as far reaching as people thought they were going to be.


In the same way that when Iran tried to attack Israel directly and fired 300 missiles and drones at Israel, 150 of them fell into Iranian territory. It turns out that first world militaries fighting third world militaries tend to do quite well. Everybody's pretending that Israel's operations in the Gaza Strip are somehow some sort of failure or, or some sort of stalemate by no metric in the history of warfare. Is that true? Israel has lost apparently something like 300 2330 soldiers in the Gaza Strip. Israel has killed somewhere north of 20,000 Kamas fighters and then their associates, many of whom are Kamas associates who've been killed as well. And Israel has done so well.


Preserving the lives of some 2 million Palestinian refugees and providing food is one of the most successful military operations in history. Again, it turns out the big problem with the West is not a problem of capability. It's always a pro problem of principle and heart. Joe Biden has neither, he has neither principle nor heart. And now like the scarecrow, he has no brain. So it turns out that Joe Biden is actually all of the characters in the Wizard of Oz. He's the cowardly lion because he has no courage. He's the tin man because he has no heart and he's the scarecrow. 'cause he ain't got a brain. He's every single character except for Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz. At this point, demonstrating that full scale was John Kirby, the national security spokesperson, who yesterday suggested, we don't believe military action is in either side of best interest in Lebanon.


Yeah, you think, you think like Israel's not interested in once again mobilizing its entire military to go north, but what do you expect them to do? Precisely. It seems like at this point, Hezbollah, which has been firing rockets and rockets and rockets, apparently they thought it was in their best interest to do so, and they're finding out FAFO. Here we go. We don't believe, continue to not believe that kinetic action, military action by either side is really in either side's best interest. Certainly not in the interest of what the Prime Minister says he wants to do, which is get families back to their homes. There's a better way forward here, and we're gonna keep trying to proffer that. Well, actually, it turns out actually, it turns out that it is in Israel's best interest to clear the North ridiculous people.


Meanwhile, this same John Kirby, he says, you know, these GA of ceasefire talks with Hamas. They're going nowhere. Yeah, you think, you think, it turns out that Yasir made the grave miscalculation that Israel would stop if pressured after killing 1200 Israeli civilians and taking another 250 hostage. It turns out he made a big boo boo. He, he counted on the United States to try and save him, and Joe, Biden did his damnedest, despite his non-comp status. He did his damnedest and Israel didn't stop. And now it turns out that Hamas never wanted to negotiate. Well, there's a shock in the evil terrorist group that murders women and children and rapes its way across the Gaza envelope.


It turns out that they don't want a ceasefire talk. You're, you shock me, sir. Here's John Kirby. The Gaza ceasefire talks have, have gone cold. Is that right? I would say that we are not achieving any progress here in, in the last week to two weeks. Okay, well, I mean they, they've been cold for quite a while. Actually, you know what would've heated them up if the United States had said to the governmental Qatar, you know, we got an airbase over there, and if you don't force kamas to give up a hostages right now by cutting off the funding and cutting off communications, if you don't do that, that everybody goes bye-bye. The United States could have done that under Joe Biden. They didn't. Again, weakness, pathetic cowardice.


That is the, that is the name of the game for this administration, which is again, why he has to remain president for Kamala Harris because if she's responsible for it, we might link her with it, despite the fact that she clearly backs all the policy. So they're just gonna keep pretending she has nothing to do with it. How pathetic is this administration? Merrick Garland, the head of the Department of Justice is now suing to stop the U-N-R-W-A from being prosecuted the UN RWA, the UN Relief and Works Agency, which is an agency specifically dedicated to Palestinian. So-called refugees. You're not a refugee, by the way, if you've been living in the same city for 80 years and it's a city, not a tent in any case. The U-N-R-W-A is a, is a terrorism group. It is just a terrorism front group.


Hamas has honeycombed. The place, the US Department of Justice is trying to prevent the prosecution of the UN RWA. They said, quote, the plaintiff's complaint does not present a legal basis for claiming the UN waived its immunity. Therefore, because the UN has not waived immunity, its subsidiary UN RWA retains full immunity. So suing the U UN RWA is apparently no good according to Joe Biden's own DOJ, despite the fact it's a terror front group. Absolutely pathetic. Again, by the way, this, this is the, this is the theme, the running theme of the Biden administration. Remember Joe Biden's, Iran Envoy, Robert Malley, who's always a pro Iran radical. It turns out that he was basically passing negotiating secrets to the Iranians.


An entire story about it in the Wall Street Journal today. That's what this administration is. No wonder the Democrats in the media have to pretend Kamala Harris has somehow been, I dunno, put under museum glass somewhere during the course of this entire administration, simultaneously the last person in the room and also completely unrelated to everything going on. Truly amazing stuff. Well, the media keep covering up the fact that Kamala Harris is the current vice president of the United States and that's why the election remains a dead heat.


Well, maybe you wanna bet on it, maybe you don't. If you do, bet online might be the place to do it beyond traditional sports. BET Online gives you the option to bet on political events like the outcome of this presidential election. Even odds right now, man, or if you're a sports fan, BET online makes sports betting more accessible and convenient than ever before. Now that football season has begun, BET Online is the best place to be. This weekend producer Jess got in on the action by betting on the Kansas City Chiefs. That means that both she and Taylor Swift are jumping for joy this morning, or at least she's jumping for joy. And Taylor Swift is pretending to care. With just a few clicks, you can place bets on your favorite teams or events from the comfort of your own home BET Online prides themselves on their higher than average betting limits of up to 25 grand. You can increase your wagering amounts by contacting their player services desk, by phone or email. So while you're watching your favorite team or the news on upcoming elections, why not spice things up with a friendly wager over at BET online? Go to BET online.ag to place your bets today. Use promo code BEN for a 50% signup bonus of up to 250 bucks. That's BET online.ag Use promo code BEN BET online the options are endless BET online.ag Use promo code BEN for 50% signup bonus of up to 250 bucks.


And it is an amazing thing that the chief negotiator for the United States on behalf of Joe Biden, Robert Malley, was actively passing material to the Iranians. According to the Wall Street Journal, last spring, law enforcement officials at the State Department received adverse information about Mally meaning information about him that could affect his ability to hold the security clearance. According to the Inspector General report, according to people familiar with the matter, Malle had clicked on a phishing link, which compromised a personal email account. While examiners investigated the breach, they discovered evidence that Malle had potentially moved classified materials including meeting notes to a personal account. On April 22nd, law enforcement officials hand delivered Maui a letter notifying him his clearance had been suspended. When the Senate formed Relations Committee convened a closed door meeting to discuss around last May, the Biden administration's envoy to Iran was nowhere to be found.


The State Department officials told lawmakers Maui was tending to a personal matter in an unexpected twist. A few months later, the Teran times and Iranian state media outlet published a photograph of the two-page letter Mali had received, informing him his clearance was suspended without explaining how it had obtained the material. The leaks continued, including fall 2023, simultaneous reports by Sefo and Iran International. The reports included emails and showed that Ali Valez, an Iran specialist at the International Crisis Group, who had been advising Mally during the negotiations was part of the Iran Experts Initiative, a loose grouping of Western researchers and academics Tehran had identified in 2014 to support its policy goals. So effectively, Mally, who's now teaching at Princeton and Yale is Iranian cutout and always was.


That's effectively what he was doing. Wittingly or no, but this is unfortunately the nature of the modern Democratic party, apart from John Fetterman, former CIA director, Leon Panetta, who was always a joke. He was the CIA director under Barack Obama and was terrible at his job. He went on meet the press and, and suggested that Israel blowing up terrorist pagers was itself terrorism, which is an amazing way to describe the most targeted anti-terrorist operation in literally human history blowing up devices so small that they affected literally only terrorists and people who were apparently standing like right next to them and doing so knowing they were terrorists. Apparently Israel was monitoring in real time the location of every one of those beepers. Here's Liam Pineo being a dunderhead, as per his usual arrangement.


The ability to be able to place an explosive in technology that is very prevalent these days and turn it into a war of terror. Beepers are prevalent, Really War of terror. This is something new. Is it terrorism? I don't think there's any question that it's a form of terrorism. What a, what a moron common. Are you, are you worried that you're gonna go down to the mall and you're gonna pick up a beeper and it's gonna blow up on you? Is that what you're worried about? Because being a member of Hezbollah who bought from the Hezbollah leadership, then I think you're probably okay. But this is your Democratic party foreign policy at work. Don't worry, Kamala has nothing to do with it. Nothing to do with it.


Meanwhile, again, the Democratic Party refuses at every turn except for John Federman. We'll get to in a moment to speak out against antisemitism. So Gretchen Whitmer, ridiculous governor of Michigan, she was asked about the fact that Rashida tb, who is a terrorist supporter, she just, she is, I mean, has she, has she met a tar group that she doesn't provide some level of moral support for Rashida tb? Was, was yelling at Dana Nessel, who's the very left wing attorney general of the state of Michigan. She's a democrat. Dana Ness has been prosecuting people with terror connections and, and she then attacked Rashida Taleb, Dana Nessel for saying, she said, you're a Jew. That's the reason you're doing this.


Here's Gretchen Whitmer running, screaming from this particular conflict. Do you think that Taleb's suggestion, that Nestle's office is biased wa was anti-Semitic? Listen, Jake, you know what? All I can say is that I know that our Jewish community is in pain, as is our Palestinian and Muslim and Arab communities in Michigan. But do you think Attorney General Nestle is not doing her job because Congresswoman Tole is suggesting that she shouldn't be prosecuting these individuals that Nestle says broke the law, and that she's only doing it because she's Jewish and the protesters are not. That's quite, quite an accusation.


Do you think it's true? You, like I said, Jake, I'm not gonna get in the middle of, of this argument that they're having. I can just say this, you know, we do wanna make sure that students are safe on our campuses, and we recognize that every person has the right to make their statement about how they feel about an issue, a right to speak out, and I'm gonna use every, every lever of mind to ensure that both are true. She is so pathetic, but that's the Democratic party in a nutshell. Except for John Fetterman. I cannot mention him. I've name checked him here. Here's John Fetterman being shockingly awesome on this issue, And I wanna be very clear. I, I thought what Israel chose to do about blowing up the pagers and then walkie talkies, and then after targeting and eliminating membership and leadership of Hezbollah, I absolutely support that.


And in fact, if anything, I love it and, and Israel demonstrated that they will not allow terrorists not to be held accountable, and I fully support that. Good, good for John Fetterman. Seriously, pretty am amazing stuff. Okay, in just one second, we'll get to Hillary Clinton, who is once again suggesting that alternative information not provided by the legacy media should be shut down. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Those growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist.


I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper. Undercover, racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification, and what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, Yes, this country is a piece of White folks, trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black Person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi, Robin. Hi. What's your name?


I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They Gonna say you racist In THEATERS now rated PG 13.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a advice, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal gain real-time insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


We get more on this in just one moment.


First, do you know what's incredibly dumb? Well, obviously this verdict against Trump in New York City is incredibly dumb, but you know what else is incredibly dumb? Not having life insurance. A lot of life is unpredictable, but a good life insurance plan gives your family a financial safety net to protect against some of those unknowns. Policy geniuses, the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With policy genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Policy Genius's technology makes comparing life insurance quotes from America's top insurers. Really easy you can do in just a few clicks. You already have a life insurance policy through work, but that might not offer enough protection for your family needs, and it might not follow you if you leave your job. So you need a backup plan. PolicyGenius has licensed agents who can help you find the best fit for your needs. When they make it this easy, there's not an excuse not to do it. Policy genius works for you, not those insurance companies. They're not incentivized to recommend one insurer over another. You can trust them. Get peace of mind by finding the right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click that link in the description, Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.