
Well folks, the dynamics of the 2024 election are changing. They're changing like every minute, and you're not gonna wanna miss a minute.


As a Daily Wire Plus member, you get unlimited access to our Daily Uncensored ad free shows, live breaking news alerts, investigative journalism. The left wants Barry Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


So lemme start with the state of the race. The state of the race is that Donald Trump is now running dead, even with Kamala Harris by most of the available polling data. He may in fact be running a little bit behind. Now she obviously is in the middle of a massive national sugar high. We are now 12 days and counting of the Kamala Harris campaign where she has answered zero difficult questions. Zero. She has not done a press conference of any note. She has not done a major interview of any note. No one has asked her a difficult question of any note. Instead, she's simply doing very easy rallies in which she goes out and she says things and people clap and cheer and the media talk about what a wonderful, charismatic candidate she is. And she avoids literally all blowback for changing every single one of her positions.


That's a very convenient place to be. Can it last all the way until the election? She certainly could not survive a six month election cycle. If she'd become the nominee in say, March, she would be in real trouble because all of this stuff would come out. The problem is the election timeline is so shortened by the fact that the Democrats swapped her in at the very, very, very last minute. Then it's possible. It's plausible that she theoretically could survive unscathed without ever having to do a press conference. Somebody online asked yesterday, when will she do her first press conference? And my answer was January 1st, 2025. January 21st, 2025, the day after the inauguration. And she's not going to answer any questions at all, none if she can help it, that is her goal.


And so far it is working according to the GOP polling from public opinion strategies. The current race state of the race is Kamala Harris has a three point lead in Pennsylvania. She has a two point lead in Wisconsin. She has a tie, a statistical tie in Michigan. She's one point behind in Nevada and she's five points behind in Arizona. Okay, let's be clear, if that were the final outcome of the election, Trump would lose. Okay? If that Michigan race turned into a Kamala Harris win, the blue wall holds, Kamala Harris wins the presidency. So suffice it to say this is not a race where you can miss opportunities. If you are the Republican candidate for President of the United States, the state of the race is no longer even what it was in February or March.


I've been saying before that the race is basically reverted to the pre first debate, Joe Biden versus Donald Trump race. That's not quite true. The enthusiasm levels for Democrats were not all that high even before that first debate. But now they have been revivified largely by the switch in time. They, they're getting the artificial euphoria of suddenly receiving oxygen after having spent months being asphyxiated by the Biden campaign. This is something CNN's Harry Entin was pointing out. He says, we have now switched from a model of a low turnout election to a model of a quite high turnout election because Democrats are now back on the we are energized bandwagon. Here is Harry Enton of CNN is a good poll analyst. You look post-Debate 2024, look at that. It was just 55% of registered voters that was actually the same as it was pre-debate, 55%.


It was significantly lower than it was in 2020 during the summer when it was 60%. But look at where we are now. We are now at 62% after the RNC after Kamala Harris gets into this race. And that is actually a higher number than we, what we saw during the summer of 2020 when it was 60%. So at this particular point, as we look at the math right now, if we are trusting what voters are saying, it's actually possible we'll see higher turnout than we, what we saw in 2020, which is what you pointed out, was record turnout. Okay? That of course is not what the Republicans are looking for. They were hoping the Democrats were depressed and they were going to stay home. And it was that way up until Joe Biden basically died. And by the way, he's not been seen since.


He's done one statement since he became the not presidential candidate, and he's been completely absent as the world is on fire, which is something that Kamala Harris should have to answer for. Okay? Now this gets to how this campaign is going to play out. To understand this, I'm thinking a lot about how to sort of characterize what team Trump needs to do versus what team Kamala is attempting to do right now. And the best way to think about this is something called information theory. So Claude Shannon, who's a very famous mathematician, he had what he called Information Theory and Information theory, the very simplified version of this, because he is a mathematician. So I'm not gonna pretend I understand all the math, but his very simplified version suggests that information is transmitted by change in noise.


So think of a phone line, okay? Here's sort of a graphic to understand. Think of a phone line. Okay? You have an information source, okay? That would be, you know, your phone operator, you have a transmitter, which is the sort of phone signal. Then you have the signal. Now, if you have a good phone line, you have a nice clear signal, right? You're using PureTalk and a nice clear signal. And then you have extraneously a noise source. The noise source is you talking, you're adding noise to the signal, and now the received signal to the person who's picking up the phone on the other end, the received signal is your noise plus the signal. So if the signal is nice and clear, then your noise is what changes the perception of the person on the other end.


So think about this in terms of candidacy. Think of every candidacy as one of these communication systems, right? Where you have an information source and a transmitter and the signal, and then the noise source is what really matters. What sort of noise are you putting into the line? So if you're a fresh candidate, people don't know anything about you. So it's basically a silent signal. It's like you, you have, think of the the Trump campaign versus the Kamala campaign. Kamala is a fresh candidate for a second, okay? And basically the metaphor is that you have two cell phones in front of you, both of which are, are working perfectly fine. If you are Kamala Harris, then when you first start listening to the Kamala Harris phone, there's nothing on it, right? She's a fresh candidate. She has not added any noise to the signal.


It's just a clear line. What this means that any small change to the candidate, any small change to the noise source, can dramatically change your impression of this phone, of this call. The goal of any candidate, therefore, is to either provide soothing noise, like nice noise to the system, or no noise to the system, because you don't mind listening to a phone that has no signal. That's all right. I mean, like that. That's not actually generating any sort of received signal. That's fine. It's not annoying you. And what you'd prefer is like some nice music. If you're a Kamala Harris, what you want to inject into the phone is some Megan Thee stallion for people who like that sort of thing, you want to laughter and clapping. Clapping and all the rest of it. So


speaking of phones, you need a cell phone company that actually gives you free premium access to the media you actually care about. That would be PureTalk. This might be the best offer PureTalk has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That is correct. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month. And you'll get a one year free deal from Daily, Wire plus The. Daily. Wire Plus Insider Plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Chem Run, hide, fight, and more. Plus, you'll get all our daily shows uncensored and ad free. The only way you can get this special offer is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. I've been telling you to stop overpaying for your cell phone plan forever. If you haven't made the switch over to PureTalk yet, what exactly are you waiting for? Now is the time. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. Switch to that qualifying plan and get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. Check it out right now.


Okay, so that is the Kamala Harris campaign. Then you've got the Trump phone over here. Now, the Trump phone, the amount of noise from the Trump phone is extraordinary. And it has been before he even ran like tons and tons of noise added to the signal consistently all the time. Like five alarm fire types of noise coming outta that phone all the time. By the time you pick up that phone, it just sounds like a lot of static, like constant static. Now, this has to effect for Trump as a candidate. Over time, if you just have a phone that's generating lots and lots of static over time, your brain will automatically adjust down the static. Now you don't really wanna listen to it, you don't wanna focus in on it.


And if the volume gets turned up, it is harder to ignore it. But the static is not super irritating because you know it's static and, and like eventually your brain is just going to adjust to it. So right now, what you had going into this race is you have the Trump phone, which is just white static. It's white noise static, there's just tons of it, okay? But you've spent years tuning it out, so it doesn't really bother you. And then you had the Kamala phone, and the Kamala phone was just nothing. There's nothing on the Kamala phone. So if you've got the Kamala phone over here, your goal is to focus in on your own candidacy to minimize the amount of noise that you're injecting into the system, or unpleasant noise that you're injecting into the system, which means that you say some sort of unifying things, some moderate things, you play Beyonce's freedom and all the rest of this kind of stuff.


That, that, that is your goal. And your other goal is to somehow get Trump to keep raising the volume on his phone and to get Trump to keep increasing the volume on the thing that most people have tuned out and get them to tune back into how annoying that phone is. That's Kamala Harris' goal. And Kamala Harris has help in this. Of course, the media are radically increasing the volume on the Trump phone, and they're radically decreasing the volume on the Kamala phone. So Trump has a real challenge. Now, Trump also has a superpower, okay? His superpower is that he can break through that media monopoly. It becomes Trump's job to break through that media monopoly in direct ways. That is his superpower. He can, because he's so loud, he can add noise to his opponent signal by redirecting her entire campaign toward defense.


What he wants is all the noise that she's adding to the system to be defending all the charges that she's a flip-flopper, all the charges that she's wildly dishonest, all the charges that she's radical, right? That that is the way that, that Trump can actually affect the campaign. Because again, you tend to tune out the Trump phone. Everyone tends to tune out the Trump phone. He can change that by being incredibly well directed. You saw some of this, by the way, in the aftermath of the assassination attempt. That was new information. That was new noise on the Trump phone that was totally different from the old noise on the Trump phone. And suddenly everyone was looking at him. Was this the brand new Trump? Was this the different Trump? And then it kind of wasn't. He went back to being himself and he started to tune it out again. But every media opportunity is an opportunity for Trump to force Kamala to inject bad noise into her system.


That's his goal right now. That should be his goal right now to add bad noise to the Kamala Harris system. And that means changing angle. It means changing topic. It means not just adding more car alarms and and squeaky horns to the Trump phone. It means doing something that is so directed, something that is so meticulous, something that forces Kamala Harris to change the noise injection into her signal, right? You need her, you need her to stop with the Megan Thee stallion and the applause and the moderation. And you need her laughing awkwardly as she explains her position on the border, for example. And that requires meticulous attention.


And, and there's plenty there because Kamala Harris keeps reversing her positions over and over and over again. She just keeps reversing her positions. So for example, literally yesterday, and she's not even doing it herself because she's so, she's so hell bent on not adding noise to her signal that she's basically trying to do it under the table. She, she won't come out and talk about changing her positions. She won't even talk about her positions at all. She'll put out a statement via a surrogate, not on her campaign Twitter, talking about doing this. So a spokesperson for Kamala Harris' campaign told the Washington examiner on Wednesday that Kamala Harris has now changed her position on a federal jobs guarantee.


She had promoted that during the 2020 election cycle. So again, notice what she's doing. She's very quietly changing every single one of her positions very quietly trying to keep that volume down on her campaign. That is the goal. Just keep a lid on it, right? And, and you can see why, because if you are a, a senator in say, a purple state or a red state, you're a blue senator in a red state. You don't wanna talk about Kamala Harris's positions. You wanna run away from Kamala Harris. What you're afraid of is that you're gonna be pegged to her positions. A good indicator of how Democrats are afraid of Kamala Harris's actual positions, her actual radicalism and her actual unlikeability. Sheard Brown is running a competitive race with Bernie Moreno for senate in Ohio. Ohio is a very red state shard Brown is a very blue senator.


Sheard Brown does not want to answer why he's supporting Kamala Harris, because Kamala Harris is gonna get skunked in Ohio. Here he was running away from questions about supporting Kamala Harris. Hey, real quick, do you agree with Kamala Harris' job as Biden's borders? Are Senator Brown runaway, do you support Kamala's work as Biden's borders are? This is, this is their sign right now. Do you support Kamala Harris's calls to defund the police and abolish eyes? Let's go. So what we answer their question, Senator. So he runs away and Kamala Harris is running away too. Again, we are 12 days in counting if we're answering zero questions.


When you're looking for great employees, you need all your questions answered. And this is why we use Zip Recruiter. We at Daily Wire, we've hired a lot of highly skilled people to be part of this growing creative powerhouse editors, attorneys, engineers, and we've used ZipRecruiter extensively. Whether you need to hire a civil engineer in New York, or a pediatric nurse in Nebraska, or an attorney in Colorado, or a mascot in Michigan, you need ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast for all kinds of roles right now. You can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter knows how to get things done quickly and efficiently, then just cast a wide net and hope for the best. ZipRecruiter. Cutting edge technology actively seeks candidates with the skills and experience you need. Once you've reviewed your list of qualified candidates, you can invite your top choices to apply this streamlined process. Encourages them to apply sooner, allowing you to fill that role faster from accountant to zoologist. ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four to five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the very first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address, ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Again, that is ZipRecruiter that com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way to hire.


Okay? All of which brings us to Donald Trump's appearance yesterday at the National Association of Black Journalists. So first of all, points to Trump for doing the thing he has to do. Hey, Donald Trump does need to go into unfriendly spaces, and typically he throws some really good punches in unfriendly spaces. And he did some of that at the National Association of Black Journalists. Kamala Harris, by the way, is so afraid of us answering any questions that she literally turned down an invitation from the National Association of Black Journalists, which is unbelievable because the NAB, the NABJ is like a Kamala Harris fan club, as you'll see from the questioners. The questioners are undoubtedly in the tank for Kamala Harris. They think she is the, she's the second coming of Barack Obama, who is of course the second coming of Jesus.


So she's the third coming of Jesus by the, by the media's lights. In any case, she turned that down because she's a coward and she doesn't wanna answer questions, which by the way is why Donald Trump should today. Today he should say, of course, I wanna debate Kamala Harris. I can't wait to debate Kamala Harris. I wanna put her on stage and make her defend against her positions. I want her to answer for her performance as Boers are, or for being the last person in the room on Afghanistan. I want her to answer for the fact that she has switched every single one of her positions in the last five minutes by surrogate. I can't wait to do that. I wanna debate her every single day. That's what Trump should be saying today, okay? But in any case, Trump has the courage to go into unfriendly spaces. Kamala Harris obviously does not, it's not just a matter of coward, it's just a matter of strategy.


Because as we say, what she wants to do is keep the noise levels on her phone really low, all the way up until she's president, at which point she can do whatever the hell she wants. That is her goal. And it's Trump's job to increase the noise levels, the bad noise coming from the Kamala Harris phone. And the way to do that is by meticulously attacking her positions, by meticulously attacking her record, by forcing her to respond to all of that more Trump noise. Doesn't change the math here. Trump has a ceiling. That ceiling is about 47, 40 8%. Occasionally he breaks through to like 50, 51% in some of the head-to-head polls. That's rare that Donald Trump has a, a fairly high floor and a fairly low ceiling as a candidate. So what he really needs to do, this has always been true, it's true for him against Hillary Clinton.


It's true for him against Biden in 2020. He needs to drag down the other candidate. That's what he needs to do. And it's what he's had a particular skill in doing. If you go back to 2016, again, he was a very noisy candidate, incredibly noisy. But it turns out that, again, Americans just sort of tuned out the car alarm at a certain point. But he added enough noise to Hillary Clinton's signal that it really wrecked her candidacy by talking about how crooked she was in the 30,000 emails, and by talking about her record going after Bill's accusers and all this kind of stuff in 2020, he wasn't able to do that because Joe Biden hid in the basement and there was not a great way for him to add noise to Joe Biden's signal in 2024. There is plenty of opportunity to add noise to Kamala Harris' signal because so far there ain't no noise in that signal at all.


So he can totally wreck her line, but he actually needs to do it. Okay? So he starts off at the NABJ and this is like classic good Trump, he said, really? So Rachel Scott asks a question and she starts off by asking him, you know, it is one of these Gish Gallup questions where she's like, here's every bad thing you've ever said in the past, according to my lights, why are you so mean to black people? I mean, that, that's pretty much her first question is ABC's Rachel Scott. And Trump treats her like he would any other interviewer? He's like, this is a terrible question. I always showed up. Kamala Harris didn't even show up. He's correct about this. You have told four congresswomen of color who were American citizens to go back to where they came from.


You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist. You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in, in such a horrible manner, a first question, you don't even say hello. You probably laugh because they know it's true. Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network.


A terrible network. Again, the crowd is into it because again, that's great Trump, right? This is where Trump shows that he's willing to walk into any fire wreck. Kamala Harris is running for the hills. Trump is willing to walk into any fire. And this is his magic ability. It's his magic ability. Now use the power for good. Use the power for good, sir. Okay, so the, the questioners are ridiculous. I think they overstepped and I think they made themselves look pretty foolish by being so insanely partisan and aggressive with him. So he was asked about the fact that he had suggested that illegal immigrants are taking black jobs. And so he is asked, what is a black job? Okay, that's unfor. It's an unfortunate phraseology when Trump said that. What he meant, obviously, is that if you look at jobs that are disproportionately held by black Americans, those are jobs that very often are vulnerable to being undercut by an illegal immigrant labor base.


He doesn't mean that the job itself is black or that it can only be held by a black person. And it's an unfortunate turn frame. But is it, is it supposed to be racist or insulting in any way? Of course not. Here is his answer Coming from the border are millions and millions of people that happen to be taking black jobs. You had the best. What exactly is a black job, sir? A black job is anybody that has a job. That's what it is. Anybody that has a job, all right, they're taking Mr. President, they're taking the employment away from black people. They're coming in and they're coming in. They're invading. It's an invasion of millions of people. Probably 15, 16, 17 million people. I have a feeling it's much more than that.


Okay, so by the way, it is worth noting here that Al Sharpton, this is a, this is a headline from the Queen's Chronicle from March Sharpton calls for more black jobs. Okay, so this like, Trump is doing fine, this is all fine. Is it moving the ball forward? Not particularly because it's not an attack on Kamala per se. You need to add noise to her signal. Again, that is the only thing that matters. Add noise to the Kamala Harris campaign signal.


So the Trump campaign can't afford to blow opportunities and you can't afford to deal with the IRS directly. If you're still struggling with back taxes or unfiled returns, handling it alone can be a huge mistake and cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is tax network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions in back taxes. Regardless the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your advantage. Tax network. USA offers three services for protection compliance settlement. Upon signing up tax network, USA immediately contacts the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or you're just missing records, tax network USA's expert tax prepares will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. Tax season is over, which means collection season has begun. It's time to fight back for a complimentary consultation. Call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRSs take advantage of you. Get the help you need with tax Network USA.


He, the, the, one of the problems with Trump in terms of how he, he tends to approach these issues is Trump thinks of politics as personalities, which is not wrong. I mean, the fact is politics is in fact personalities and people tend to think of their politicians as personalities. But it does mean that instead of attacking Kamala Harris on her policies or on her flip flopping or on her inconstancy or on her radicalism, he ends up sort of attacking her on the basis of like how you would attack somebody in high school. So, for example, he attacks Kamala on the basis that she didn't pass her California bar exam. Now, alright, I mean, I took the California bar exam, I passed it. It's, it's not all that hard. You know, the, the, I guess the year that she she failed is like a 60% passage rate.


It, it goes, I suppose to kind of general intelligence level. Maybe. Maybe, okay, but if you, is this, is this gonna be a, does this add noise to the campaign signal for Kamala? Does this radically change anyone's perception of Kamala Harris? The answer is no. This is not, this is not an effective line of attack. I said, Joe and I will go and take a cognitive test. Now I'd do it with her too. I would do it with her also. You know what? She failed her law exam. She didn't pass her law exam. So maybe she wouldn't pass the cognitive test. Mr. President, are you saying she wouldn't pass? Just to be clear, you, I'm just giving you the Facts to be clear. You don't think you're, how do you intend? And And what, what, she didn't pass her bar exam and she didn't think she would pass it and she didn't think she was gonna have it pass it.


And I don't know what happened. Maybe she passed it. I guess she didn't pass it. There's a man over here. She didn't in fact pass it. Think she must Work, Mr. President. Okay. Again, like funny, amusing for those of us who are voting for Trump, like, it's funny. It is, does it change the trajectory of the race? Does it change the trajectory of, and this is something I think that everybody who is backing Trump needs to understand. The trajectory of the race right now is that if trends continue, Trump could easily lose. This is at best a 50 50 race right now. This is not a 70 30 race like it was against Joe Biden. It's not even a 55 45 race like it was against Kamala Harris like five days ago. Something needs to change. There needs to be an inflection point.


And so the, the big headline that was coming out of this particular NABJ event was this headline where Donald Trump questioned Kamala Harris' self identity racially. Now if you wanna know about Kamala Harris's self identity racially, just go take a look at our series, Kamala on Daily Wire Plus we talk pretty extensively about her background. So she is half Jamaican, half Indian, her mom is Indian, her dad is Jamaican. They were both professors. They got divorced. She ended up moving with her mom two Canada, where she really experienced very little racial animosity at all according to contemporaneous reports back from when she was running for, for president in 2019.


People went back, dug up her high school records and there was really nothing racially going on in Canada at the time. So that this sort of idea that she's experienced wild racial animosity in the United States is just not true. With that said, she then went to Howard University, which was a historically black college and university. She is half black in the same way that Barack Obama was half black. And so the, the sort of line of attack that she is, that she is not truly black. I don't, I don't know what, where this is going. Like what is the point of this? I I know that what, what Trump is trying to say here probably is that she engages in an awful lot of code switching. So code switching is the term that is frequently used for people who, when they go to one audience, they speak one way.


When they go to another audience, they speak another way. And it's very frequently obvious in politicians. Barack Obama used to do it all the time. Barack Obama, when he'd be with like a white rich audience, he would speak like ese. He'd go in there and he'd be using $5 words. He never dropped a g. And then he would go and he'd speak in like historically black church and he'd talk like this. Suddenly the accent would get real strong. He wouldn't be talking, he would be talking, right? He, he, you'd see that sort of stuff all the time from Barack Obama. You saw it from Hillary a lot. And it was ridiculous from Hillary. 'cause she's a white lady and Kamala Harris does in fact do that. I mean, we played a clip of her yesterday at her rally in Atlanta, where suddenly she was talking about 2024.


She has never said in her life 2024 in a normal conversation, that is not a thing. She didn't, she shouldn't drop ours in normal conversation. That is code switching. Okay? So he's saying that's inauthentic politically. Alright, is that a, is that a line of attack on Kamala Harris that is going to be greatly fruitful in changing the trajectory of how people view Kamala Harris? Probably not. Now the media are gonna make a huge deal outta this. The media are gonna say, oh my God, I can't believe Trump would say something so awful. So now that's a failure by the media if they think that they can raise the noise on Donald Trump's campaign, not possible. Again, this is the, the nice thing about Donald Trump's campaign is that if it's a constant five alarm fire going on from this phone, then adding a little bit more noise to the, the constant wave of noise, I means, well, Phil Specter Wall of sound stuff coming out over here, it doesn't change anything.


That's why Trump has such a high ceiling. He can't change the perception of the Trump phone. Ain't no way to do it. The only thing that can happen here, and this is the, the hope for the Trump campaign is that it's not as though Trump is gonna experience a a wild popularity surge. But the only thing that could change here is Kamala Harris either greatly rising or greatly falling. Kamala's candidacy is riddled with problems.


But here is one problem you don't wanna think about. That would be of course, your health. You might think you're getting everything your body needs from that green juice that you've been guzzling every morning. You're not, most people still fall short of the essential nutrients. Their bodies need to function at their very best. My good friend and colleague Christine, who's a triathlete, who also happens to be mom to a toddler, which is impressive. She's been taking momentous, creatine Omega-3 and protein daily to cover all her bases. She's thrilled with the results. These three supplements support nearly every aspect of foundational health from aiding cognitive function to reducing muscle and joint inflammation. Momentous is dedicated to working with only the best experts in business and to using the highest quality ingredients. What's on the label is what's in the product and absolutely nothing else. Momentous also heavily invest in third party testing, holding their products to the standard set by the most demanding organizations on the planet, including the L and the NBA. There's a reason why the world's best athletes and experts use and help develop momentous products. So if you're like Christine, you wanna take supplements that are made by and use by the best in the world, go to live momentous.com/shapiro or use Coach Shapiro for 20% off. Again, that's live momentous.com/shapiro live momentous.com/shapiro or use Coach Shapiro for 20% off.


Right now, she has basically no ceiling and she has basically no floor. And that is a massive problem for her. If again, he can change the noise ratio to her signal on her phone. So here is, here is Donald Trump saying the thing that, that launches a thousand think pieces. Do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she's a black woman? Well, I can say no. I think it's maybe a little bit different. So I've known her a long time, indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black.


And now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know, is she Indian or is she black? She is Always Identified, you know, people are laughing. Historic black College. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't because she was Indian all the way and then all of a sudden she made a turn and she went, she became a black person just To be okay. So she became a black person, is the line that they're using now. You understand that? He's doing basically an analysis of code switching here. Okay, with that said, is this like a well stated claim? I I do not think it is a well stated claim. I do not think it's an effective claim. I think everyone knows Kamala Harris is black. I think Kamala Harris, again went to Howard University. I think Kamala Harris has pretty obviously campaigned, in fact as a black woman.


She's, she was selected for the vice president based on the fact that she was a black woman by Joe Biden who said so at the time, and this has been a a, it's not as though this is like an infrequent conversation. The reason that she's frequently referred to as Indian American in very early headlines about her is 'cause Barack Obama had already been the first black president. So no one cares about the second black anything. They care about the first blank something. So first Indian American first woman, right? That, that, in any case, is that gonna damage Trump. So the media seemed to think this is like a kill shot on Trump or something. It is not. Of course, that's incredibly silly. What it is, is a missed opportunity for Trump because he has an opportunity when he goes into a hostile environment like the NABJ to really change the topic.


Two, the media being in the tank for her, Kamala and Kamala not being here, answering questions and her being radical and you targeting me while she's made life for black Americans, significantly worse with her inflation, with a terrible foreign policy, with illegal immigration. And you can see the Trump campaign trying to do this. So the Trump campaign, in the aftermath of this, they put out a statement from Lynn Patton, the senior advisor, quote, president Trump has continually said that unlike Kamala Harrison, Joe Biden, he's running to be president for all Americans. And if you're running to unite the entire country, you have to back it up with action like President Trump did. Today at the National Association of Black Journalist Conference in Chicago, members of the media need to make a decision and answer if their goal is to unite the country or further divide us. 'cause based on the unhinged and unprofessional commentary directed toward President Trump today by certain members of the media, many media elites clearly wanna see us remain divided.


This is unacceptable. The invasion happening on our southern border is leading to poverty, death, and destruction. Communities of color all across our country. Inflation and affordability of everything from groceries to rent costs is crushing black and Hispanic voters at an even higher rate than many other groups. The endless wars being pushed by career politicians like Kamala Harris and Joe Biden is leading to countless black and latino lives being needlessly lost. Yet that paragraph is what Trump should have said at the NABJ. That paragraph's like the whole thing. Instead, the headline that comes out is something that doesn't really damage Kamala and doesn't really damage Trump. That's what again, the, the left is trying to play. This is, oh my God, I can't believe Trump damaged himself so bad. Nah, nah, can't add noise to that noise. Can't do it. Not possible. Is it a, did it change the trajectory with regard to the coverage of Kamala Harris?


No. It provided her an opportunity to continue putting nice noises into that phone line about unity and how, and how. This is just so, it's just so negative and it's just so bad. And oh man, here was Vice President Harris responding. Donald Trump spoke at the annual meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists. And it was the same old show, the divisiveness and the disrespect. And let me just say, the American people deserve better. Yes, the American people deserve better.


The American people deserve a leader who tells the truth. A leader who does not respond with hostility and anger when confronted with the facts. She's such a liar. And She is hostile And Angry. That's what he deserve. Legal understands that our differences do not divide us. They, She literally has white dudes for Kamala Of our strength. She's the, oh God, she's the worst. She's the worst. Why aren't you attacking her on this stuff? She's the worst. Her entire campaign is racially segregated. What the hell are you doing? Run on that. Go to the NNBJ and say, you know what I noticed about my opponent who's not here saying the thing I, I know she's not here.


Answering questions as to why she has a segregated group called white Dudes for Kamala or White women for Kamala. Please explain why. That's okay. Please, somebody gotta change the signal. Gotta change the noise that's coming from that Kamala Harris phone. Gotta do it. Very important again, that that's why it's an over read. Every, so back during the first Trump administration, a bunch of friends in the White House, I remember having conversations with them and one of the things that would happen is Trump would say something kind of crazy on Twitter. And I have a conversation with somebody in the White House and they'd say, it doesn't matter. Nothing matters. And nothing matters was kind of like the, the bumper sticker. And that was true because again, it turns out that you cannot change the noise coming from the Donald Trump campaign phone.


You cannot, it is not possible. However, when he's not the president and he is running for the presidency, he desperately needs to change the direction of Kamala Harris's campaign. That's what he needs to do. Like right now. It is very, very important. And she's intensely vulnerable on all of this really vulnerable. And I cannot believe, I mean, my, the, the media are such, they're such effing trash. They're such trash. Truly. The the questions that Trump were were asked those questions that Abby Philip was celebrating from CNN, she put out a a tweet saying, folks, this is why you let journalists ask questions.


The country deserves answers. Why don't you ask Kamala Harris a a question one, one question. She's been the vice president for the last three and a half years. She's covered up her boss's senility and continues to do so today. She's complicit in every policy of the Biden administration. Every failure is on her. She's the vp. She's shifting all of her positions in real time. And you are asking Donald Trump about that time that he said something about the Central Park five back in 1998. Like, shut, like seriously shut the F up. You gotta kidding me. Really? That's some journalism serious somebo. Somebody must ask Trump tough questions. Yes. No one, you're right. No one has asked Trump anything for the past 10 years. We don't know anything about him. He's a mystery wrapped in Enigma.


Or alternatively, you are all abdicating your job because you're all campaign appic for Kamala Harris. You're all going shopping with her. And do you remember the story from a few years back where Kamala Harris, she, she actually went shopping with journalists like I, it's amazing. Go back a few years. And she actually went shopping with journalists during the 2019 campaign, and the journalist recommended what she should actually buy. They're like, you should buy this amazing sequin jacket. This is February 22nd, 2019 on the campaign trail. Kamala Harris tries on a sequin jacket and men go nuts. You know who it was recommended by?


One of the journalists she was traveling with. It's pathetic. The political reporter is covering Harris's. South Carolina visit tweeted videos and photos of her, she preened in front of a mirror wearing the coat. It was a spontaneous campaign trail moment, unexpected and a little bit playful. This is again, the kind of coverage she received early in the 2019 campaign. And this is the great hope, of course, is that it's still just August 1st. But the Trump team needs to get on its horse because the media are not gonna do their job. They're deliberately not going to do their job. They're going to lie, they're going to cheat, they're going to hide. This is what they're going to do. They're going to let Kamala Harris go 12 full days without asking a question, without being asked any questions at all. None. Zero. She's gonna get all the way through the end of next week before anyone even thinks about asking her a question.


The DNC is taking place. It begins August 19th, it's currently August 1st. They're gonna try to get all the way through the end of the Democratic convention August 22nd, asking her zero questions. And by that point, folks, this election is already getting baked in because the early voting begins in Pennsylvania, the beginning of September. And I promise you, the Democratic get out the vote machine is professional. The Trump team has to be focused on a few key things. One, they need a, an amazing get out to vote effort, like an amazing get out to vote effort. I don't know who's handling it. Whoever's handling it needs to be doing an amazing job. Two, the Trump team needs to redirect toward Kamala Harris and her vulnerabilities not toward her race and her racial identity, not toward whether she passed the bar, not even toward Willie Brown.


In her pathetic career beginnings, they need to focus on Kamala Harris and what she will be as president. 'cause it's going to be absolute garbage terribleness. And the media will not do their job. In fact, they are doing their job. They're the pretorian guard for Kamala Harris. Okay, in just one second, we'll get to world events that Kamala Harris Harris will absolutely botch. If ever God forbid, she remain president first.


Everyone has seen the news. Kamala Harris has raised over $200 million she'd done like the first three days of her campaign. She and her leftist allies will now blow that money through the entire system. But to get to you, they have to go through us at The Daily Wire. We are on the front lines of the battle for truth. From our uncensored ad free daily shows to our 24 hour breaking news coverage and investigative journalism. The most trusted voices in media are all in one place. The only place you need to be to get the facts, join us as we fight the left and build the future. Become a Daily Wire Plus member today at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Meanwhile, the world is a very, very serious place. And the Biden administration is not only unserious, they've made the world extraordinarily dangerous, super dangerous October 7th, never would've happened if Donald Trump had been president of the United States. Kamala Harris meanwhile is patting on the head, the pro kamas crowd. She's patting them on the head. She's probably gonna try to mitigate against that by picking Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, and then pretending that because she picked a Jew for vice President, magically, she's now a Zionist and pro-Israel. And she'll stand with Israel even as she makes statements about how Israel is a human rights violator and such. But the reality is that the Biden administrations swivel from the Saudis and Israelis to the Iranians in the early days of the Biden administration, delisting the Houthis as a terrorist organization, removing sanctions on the Iranians.


All of that basically led to a massive powder keg blowing up in the Middle East. That is Joe Biden's policy. Everyone in the Middle East knows this. I know many of the leaders in the Middle East, not just the Israeli ones, everyone universally agrees unless they're an Iranian plant or unless the, they're the Iranians themselves that Joe Biden has been awful for the Middle East, awful, terrible in every conceivable way. Well, right now, the Middle East is once again on the verge of war. It's on the verge of a major war. And that is because the Biden administration, instead of deterring Hezbollah, has basically said to Hezbollah, which is a Lebanese based Iranian terror group, that they can continue to hit Israel so long as they don't kill too many Israelis at a time.


If they fire too many rockets, it might get awkward for the Biden administration. Israel might have to hit back, and then the Biden administration might have to intervene. But if you just go low level, then it'll be fine. Which by the way, is the way that Joe Biden does foreign policy. And Joe Joe Biden's, Joe Biden's message always and forever to America's enemies and to the enemies or allies is just the tip that is always Joe Biden's message always. That is why he said, with regards to Russia and Ukraine, if it was just a slight incursion, we might not do anything. And Vladimir Putin was like, oh, a slight incursion. How about I just take Kyiv? And then he said to the Iranians, well, you know, if it's just kind of low level terrorism and ballistic missile development, you'll probably we'll be okay with that. And then October 7th, and then he said, Hezbollah, well, you know what? Don't cross that red line.


Don't get in my, they've been shooting rockets every day in Northern Israel. So as we all know, last week, Hezbollah fired a rocket into Northern Israel, into the Golan Heights, and they killed 12 Drew's kids, not Jewish kids. These are Drew's kids who are Israeli. And the response of the Israelis over the last 24 hours has been extraordinary. In 24 hours, they took out the number two of Hezbollah in Beirut, which is the capital of Lebanon. They took out the top quote unquote political leader of Hamas in Iran, in Tehran, and still unclear exactly how that happened. Pretty amazing intelligence work. And then they proceeded to hit a top IRGC Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps leader in Damascus. So three foreign capitals, three dead terror leaders.


So that's what Israel did. Now, Iran is threatening retaliation, of course, in again, none of this would be necessary except for the fact that the Biden administration unleashed the Iranian proxies all over the region. So now the Iranians are threatening full scale attacks on Israel. According to the New York Times, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khomeini, who should we can all hope take a shorter than expected helicopter ride has issued an order for Iran to strike Israel directly in retaliation for the killing of Ismail Khania, who is Hamas' leader. Khomeini gave the order an emergency meeting of Iran's Supreme National Security Council Wednesday morning, shortly after Iran announced that Khan had been killed. That is according to three Iranian officials, including two members of the Revolutionary guards.


They asked their names not be published because they were not authorized to speak publicly. Okay, let's be very clear about what's happening here. The Iranians are coordinating with the Biden administration. How far can they go without the United States letting Israel off the chain? That's exactly what's happening. It's what happened the first time. By the way, what happened? The, you remember, it was like several, it was like three months ago that Iran launched a, a large scale act of war by firing 300 missiles and drones at the state of Israel. Virtually all of them either fell in Iran because they're crappy technologically, or they were knocked down by the combined allied forces of Jordan, UAE, the uk, the United States, and Israel, the Saudis as well. Well, now, presumably they're gonna do the same thing. They have to pop off in order to show that they're really, really mad.


Apparently yesterday they raised the red flag of revenge atop one of the mosques in Tehran, which made me get out my orange flag of indifference. Where does this come from? These, I, I feel like I need i's actually not a terrible idea. Maybe in the studio we need like a box of flags so I can let my staff know my mood every morning, like the purple flag of irritation. In any case, the large scale probability is that over the next 48 to 72 hours, there will be some sort of similar attack to what happened before. Theoretically, it could spiral outta control. If the Iranians are un are, are shocked themselves and are successful and hit a tower in Tel Aviv and kill 500 Jews, then there will be a full scale war in the Middle East.


The Biden administration has brought this about clearly. Where is Joe Biden, by the way? Remember that time that he was the president and is still the President Korean Jean Pire was asked, you know, does Joe Biden wanna like come out and say anything about what's going on in the Middle East, like at any point here? And here's Ka Jean Pire being, nope, he's napping. We heard from Secretary of Lincoln, we heard from Secretary O we heard from the Vice President. It would be something that ordinarily we expect to hear. Stay Tuned. Stay tuned. I just said that you're gonna hear from the president later this week. And, and look, I think when it comes to the Middle East, when it comes to foreign policy more broadly, this is a president that has a record to stand on when it relates to making sure we're putting the national security of the American people first.


Wow. So later this week, he'll show up, he'll say a few words, and then he'll mumble and stumble back into the other room, and then he'll lie down again. And we'll pretend that he's the president. What an unserious political system. We have truly like, truly unserious people. We have a world that is on fire. We have a president who is fully cile and incapable of making basic statements, but we're pretending he's still the president. We have a democratic candidate who will not be asked a single question by a completely complicit and compliant media. And then we have a Republican candidate who seems unable right now to actually attack Kamala Harris on her positions. It's the only thing that matters. Win. The only way that you win is by defeating.


There's the only one way to win. And that's by winning. That's it. It's not by complaining, it's not by yelling at the media. I'm frustrated, you're frustrated. We're all frustrated. They ain't gonna do their jobs, but Donald Trump has hundreds of millions of dollars behind him and the magical superpower of being able to bring attention to things that he says. So why not attack Kamala Harris on the things that actually matter? That's what matters Right now, he's in the world, is on fire. Kamala Harris will make a terrible president. Awful true garbage as a president, we all know this. She's gonna the, the, the foreign policy team that Joe Biden has, which is terrible in and of itself. She's gonna replace them with people who are even worse. She's already said this. Tony Blinken, the most incompetent secretary of state, this side of John Kerry.


He says, you know, we, we don't know what impact it's gonna have when Israel kills terrorists in the Middle East. You know what impact it would have if Donald Trump were president? None? Because Donald Trump would've said to the Israelis, go ahead and kill the terrorists. And if Iran tries anything, we'll knock 'em into next week. And then, you know what would happen? Iran wouldn't do anything. You know how we know this? Because we already did it with Ksem Soleimani. Here is, here's Tony Blinken being a dullard. I'm not gonna speculate on what impact any one event might have on that. I've learned over many years never to really speculate about that because we simply don't know. Oh, well, I mean, that's helpful.


Thank you so much. You know what we do know, by the way, attorney General Merrick Garland, he of the contempt citation, he, he says that Iran is actively trying to kill former and current American officials probably should release sanctions on them or something. Our intelligence community has made clear that we believe that the Iranians are attempting to kill or injure former high government officials. This is an ongoing issue. We have ongoing investigations. You don't think we've seen the end? I don't think we've seen the end of Iranian plotting. No. Okay, so probably you should give them some more goodies. Maybe Kamala, when she's president, she'll give them some more goodies and then that will solve everything. God, it turns out that, you know, listen, we're we're very rich and very safe people.


Thank God, thank God, thank God. But those things tend to go away with terrible political leadership being provided by Joe Biden and God forbid by Kamala Harris, the selection matters. It matters an awful, awful lot.


All righty, coming up, we'll get to more Democrat radicalism. If you're not a member, Become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am I racist? I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Ain't gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert, Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones. So inherently, Yes, this country is A piece of shit white folks, trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy.


Is there a black person around or what? Or black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna say you racist.