
So you've got a business, but what about a brand? The difference more of you. Wix gives you the freedom to create your website, own your brand, and do it on your own exactly how you envisioned it. Experience limitless customization, boost your creativity and efficiency with AI tools for every part of your business journey. Scale up with built-in SEO e-comm and scheduling features. Put more of you in your business. Go to wix.com and do it all yourself.


Well folks, Democrats still seem quite troubled as to what went wrong in the 2024 election. They keep offering various reasons why they lost the 2024 election. Those range from the failure of the meritocracy according to David Brooks, to the utter disconnect of the American people, their racism, their sexism, their bigotry, homophobia, all of it. Well, the latest explanation comes courtesy of Kamala Harris' advisors. According to the Washington Post, senior officials with Vice President Kamala Harris's presidential campaign, say her defeats stem primarily from dissatisfaction among voters about the overall direction of the country and discontent over inflation and the economy arguing those headwinds prove too strong for Harris to overcome in her sprint to election day.


So again, the idea here is that the Democratic Party platform is totally fine. It's just exogenous circumstances that change the math on the ground. It's just because of inflation, which nobody could control. It's just because of the stagnant economy, which is that really Joe Biden's fault. And it's because the American voters, they just, they're just a bad mood. And because they were in a bad mood, it was time for Kamala Harris to go. And this is a very convenient explanation for Democrats because it means they don't have to change anything. According to the Washington Post officials credit President-elect Trump with success in targeting and turning out sporadic voters and using new media sources to speak to them, especially younger men, they acknowledge Democrats now appear at a disadvantage in their ability to use these newer channels such as personality driven podcasts and websites presumably shows like this one.


Now, again, this is a very convenient explanation. The idea here is if only Kamala Harris had been cool enough to go on Joe Rogan, she probably would've won. If Kamala Harris or any other Democrat had gone on podcasts, that would've been the end of the story. Donald Trump would not be the president elect. Now, all this feels like whistling past the political graveyard because again, it is a refusal to deal with the underlying factors that led to The Democrats getting shellacked across the country. Instead, they're looking at external factors. They're looking at their own inability to go on podcasts, things that that are easily fixable or not under their control, which means that they really don't have to do anything big. They don't have to shift tactics at all in order to change direction of their party.


Campaign chair, Jen O'Malley Dillon said in an interview quote, there are certain things we're looking at to understand if we made the right call, but fundamentally, there wasn't just one audience of voters that would've impacted this or one program. The headwinds were just too great for us to overcome, especially in 107 days. But we came very close to what we anticipated, both in terms of turnout and in terms of support. So actually they did an amazing job. They did an incredible job. And it's not because they're totally disconnected from the American public, it's actually just that again, the American public, they were in a bad mood and Kamala Harris felt the brunt of all of it. Well, you, you are getting this same sort of sense from the so-called resistance. There's a big article in the New York Times talking about how Trump resistance is encountering fatigue.


It turns out that all of the ladies who went out there in during the first Trump administration and protested the Trump administration, well, they're a little frustrated 'cause they're not sure quite what to do. According to the New York Times quote, the first Trump presidency spawned the largest protest the country had seen in half a century. But not everyone wants to participate in another four years of mass movement work. When Women's March shared information about an upcoming rally on Instagram, one person responded, no, I'm tired. Y'all have fun. Though Women's March later hid some of the pushback and limited who could respond to a handful of posts on TikTok plans for the march. We met with memes of women saying, get somebody else to do it. This is an opportunity for a national brunch day. For the 93% said one user referring to the 93% of black women who exit poll suggested had voted for vice President Kamala Harris.


Others question whether the previous protests had resulted in substantial concessions. So they're realizing that their protest movements have accomplished nothing, but the thing that they refuse to recognize is the reason why those protest movements are accomplishing nothing. According to the New York Times, the left's failure to shift policy has contrasted markedly with past mass movements that help spur progressive legislative change. The stark differences in keeping with the sharp global reversal in the power of mass action. According to some political activists at the beginning of the century, about two and three protest movements around the world could show measurable success versus only one in six. Today, according to researchers at Harvard, this is in part because governments are leaning toward authoritarianism and are less willing to respond to descent, said Lisa Mueller, professor at Macal McAllister College in St.


Paul, Minnesota. Or maybe it's because the stuff that they're protesting for sucks. Maybe it's that, maybe it's when people are protesting in 1964 over the mistreatment of black Americans in the South, they were right. Maybe it's when there was great discontent over, for example, AIDS related activism back in the 1980s. It's because there should have been more government resources poured into AIDS may, maybe it's because there was at least the patina of legitimacy to many of the causes that people were protesting back in the sixties, seventies, and eighties. And now, as it turns out, well the causes that are backing are just bad. And this brings us to the controversy of the day. So Nancy Mace has now sponsored a resolution on the floor of the house that is going to be implemented that suggests that women should be able to use their bathrooms without men with penises in those same bathrooms.


And again, this seems perfectly legitimate. In fact, relatively non-controversial in the regular world. And these transgender bathroom rules are perfectly obvious there. There is nothing particularly shocking about them. A man should use the men's bathroom and a woman should use the woman's bathroom. According to News Nation, on Monday, mace introduced a resolution requiring all individuals in the Capitol complex to use bathrooms matching their sex assigned at birth. A move that has sparked controversy because a new representative elect who calls himself Sarah McBride, but is in fact a biological male, is upset about all of this. The measure charges the house sergeants in arms will in McFarland with enforcing the ban, it's unclear how the house's chief law enforcement officer would determine who can and cannot use capital facilities.


So again, this was supposed to be included in the rules package for the 119th Congress. If the bill is not included in the rules package, then Nancy Mace would force a vote on the legislation. Well, this apparently, according to left, is very bad. How dare Nancy Mace? How dare she? So Nancy Mace was appearing on Scripts News doing an interview on this, and the anchor kept insisting to Nancy Mace that she was barring a woman from using the bathrooms, which Nancy Mae responded, no. Sarah McBride is a dude whose name was Tim McBride and still has all of the male appendages. Here's Nancy Mae saying a true thing, but an offensive true thing. I'll, I'll, I just wanna add that the Congresswoman elect does identify as a woman, I will be referring, She's not a woman, it's a man.


She was born a man. She's a man. She is, she's biologically a male. That is science. You guys on the left in the mainstream media wanna say, follow the science. Well, let's follow the science. Okay? He is a man. He can wear a dress, he can call himself, his pronouns can be she or her, but he doesn't belong in a women's restaurant. Period. Okay? This, again, most Americans agree with this By polling data, not only do most Americans agree with this, an overwhelming percentage of Americans agree with this. According to a recent poll, biological males who identify as females should not be allowed to participate in women's sports. That used to be a 60% proposition. That was now, that is now a 75% proposition. This is the Politan News Service, a poll conducted in mid-November.


Should biological males who identify as female be allowed to use women's locker rooms or bathrooms? 75% of Americans say no. That is a three quarters proposition. You know how few political propositions in America are three quarters propositions? There are very, very few Americans disagree about everything. 50 50, a 75, 25 proposition is what you call a political winner. Should it be against the law for doctors to provide a puberty blockers cross-sex hormones and gender transition surgeries to gender dysphoric minors? 72% say yes. By the way, these are all massive shifts in public opinion, okay? It, it has now become acceptable to say what everyone knew was baseline truth.


These are huge numbers, by the way, when we say 75% of Americans say that women should not be participating in men's sports and vice versa. It's not 75 25, it's 75, 13, 12% say they don't know. That is a 62 point gap in favor of the proposition that there should be sex specific sports. Again, these, these, these are not controversial propositions, but the left can't let go, let go of it. They can't let let go of it. It's amazing. So for example, Hakeem Jeffries is now calling Nancy Mace a bully. This follows hard on Dean Phillips tweeting out at her, what are you so afraid of? And the answer that Nancy Mace gave gave was, well, I'm afraid of sexual assault since I've been sexually assaulted before. And it seems that a man in a women's bathroom who's taken pictures of himself, by the way in women's bathrooms bragging about using women's bathrooms.


Maybe that's not the kind of person you want in the bathroom with you. I mean, does that seem unreasonably? But here's he Hakeem Jeffrey suggesting the real problem here is Nancy Mays and company, of course, This is what we're doing. This is the lesson that you've drawn from the election in November. This is your priority that you wanna bully a member of Congress as opposed to welcoming her to join this body so that all of us can work together. Well, I mean, the priority is truth and protection of women. One of the most annoying things about democratic policy on this particular proposition is that they do something totally abnormal and out of the boundaries of decent human behavior.


And then when you notice it, they're like, why are you, why are you bringing this up? Why this? That's what's important to you. We've decided that boys can be girls and you're saying that's like an important thing. We're saying that boys can go in girls' bathrooms and you're objecting. What is wrong with you? Why would you do that? Well, for his part, speaker Johnson has put out a statement, same quote, all single sex facilities in the capitol and house office buildings such as restrooms, changing rooms and locker rooms are reserved for individuals of that biological sex. It's also important to note each member office has its own private restroom. Unisex restrooms are available throughout the capitol. Women deserve at women's only spaces. Again, perfectly reasonable, there are alternative solutions.


Well, folks, despite the left trying to pretend this isn't a major issue, it turns out that you know whether boys are girls and, and vice versa. That actually is a major issue. It's not the only major issue in the country. One of the most significant issues is our national debt. The fact is, and this is important, our nation is broke. That debt is a house of cards that simply cannot be quickly dismantled. For as long as the economy sits on top of that house of cards. The strategy remains the same. You need to diversify your savings. That's exactly why I buy gold from Birch Gold. Look, there are so many things out there that are completely out of our control. That's precisely why you want a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group, my gold company will help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Here's the best part. It doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. Remember, it only takes the removal of one card for this whole house of cards to fall. So protect your savings with gold text pens in 98, 98, 98. Get your FREE information kit right now through Black Friday. You'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased as the exclusive gold partner of the DailyWire for the past eight years. You can trust Birch Gold the way I do to help you protect your savings. Text pens in 98, 98, 98 today. And then ask all of your questions, get all of them answered, and then think about diversifying with my friends over at Birch Gold. Again, text Ben to 98. 98. 98 today to get started.


Also, the holidays are here, folks. Everyone is focused on buying gifts for others. Let me tell you something, you're forgetting the most important other, well, it's not others, it it's just you. And what better gift than the objective improvement of your sleep quality? With the finest sheets available on the free market, I've been using bull and brand sheets in my own home. I can tell you from personal experience, these aren't just any sheets. They're made with the finest 100% organic cotton. Unlike government programs, they actually improve over time getting softer with every single wash, the breathability, the luxurious softness. It's exactly what you need after a long day of destroying leftist arguments with facts and logic. They're crafted by artisans who earn the pay and respect they deserve. That's what ethical manufacturing looks like. Not some virtue signaling corporate initiative. Here's what's really great. They come wrapped in a beautiful holiday gift box, perfect for giving to yourself or any conservative in your life who appreciates quality craftsmanship. There are designs and colors for every bedroom style and mattress size. You can even try them with extended returns for the holiday season. So give yourself and your loved ones a better at nice sleep with bullet and branch right now is their best offer of the entire year. For 25% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets, head on over to Boll and branch.com/ben. That's Boll and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben for 25% off. Limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.


John Fetterman for his part, the senator from Pennsylvania, who despite many of his heterodox positions with his party, is still a progressive. He tweeted out, there's no job I'm afraid to lose. That requires me to degrade anyone. If that's a defining issue for a voter, there will be different candidate. We have a bathroom in my office that anyone is welcome to use, including representative elect Sarah McBride. Well, I'm glad that you want Sarah McBride to use your bathroom. That's your choice. Congratulations Senator. Also, you don't get to decide whether women ought to have men in the bathroom. And here is Speaker Johnson being asked about enforcing the policy. Can you talk about bathroom? Yeah. I'm not sure what more there is to say. Is it enforceable?


Yeah, like all house policies, it's enforceable and, and, but we have single sex facilities for a reason and women deserve women's only spaces. And we're, we're not anti anyone. We're we're pro-woman. And I think it's an important policy for us to, or to continue. It's always been the, the, I guess an unwritten policy, but now it's right. So Yeah, again, this is very baseline sort of stuff. So why does that matter? Because if you're looking for a reason Democrats lost it is the cultural disconnect that the people on the coast and in the democratic elite have with the rest of America. These are non-controversial propositions that are made controversial by the Democratic Party.


That is what is happening here. And, and this is, these are belief systems that are held so deeply within the Democratic elite that even the most elite people in the Democratic party, people who face no discrimination in America, are now treating the election of Donald Trump and the restoration of some form of normality as a grave threat to them. So for example, Ellen's DeGeneres and wife, Portia di Rossi have now moved to rural England, putting their Montecito estate on the market. They plan to never return to the United States. Telling friends the election of Donald Trump was their primary motivation. Now, DeGeneres, of course, has been kicked out of show business after she was reported for toxic workplace behavior at the syndicated Ellen show in 2022, she had already moved to a rural area in South Central England and she added that her Montecito mansion, roughly 90 minutes north of LA has been pocket listed or will be listed soon.


Now, is Ellen's a generous, some sort of victim in American society? Is Porsche di Rossi a victim in American? And the answer of course is no. But the threat of a Donald Trump presidency is so grave they had to run away. Why? Is it because they're going to be oppressed in the state of California? Is that the real issue? Or is the issue that when a, a level of cultural supremacy by the left declines, people on the left can't stand it, they can't handle it. And it's that cultural supremacy. It's that it's that implementation of a value system so different from traditional Americanism that has gotten everybody's goat. And this election was a backlash to it and Democrats cannot, they cannot abandon it. It's a massive problem for them because their entire party is now built around the idea that Americans are inherently racist, sexist, bigot, homophobes, and that they can keep saying that over and over and over and still win elections.


And the only reason they would lose elections is we said at the top of the show is if the economy is bad or if people just have a general sense of malaise. But otherwise, people love this set of values. Here's the thing, people don't like this set of values. They find this set of values off-putting, they find this set of values ugly and wrong. And it's not just with regard to things like can a man be a woman? It's with regard to racial questions in the United States, what most Americans want in the United States is to be treated as normal individuals without regard for race. And during this election cycle, I visited a wide variety of places in the United States. I went all the way up to the tip of northern Ohio with Senator Bernie Moreno, Senator Elect Bernie Moreno. And, and I also went all the way down to the southern border with Senator Ted Cruz in the Rio Grande Valley.


The, the area we visited in the Rio Grande Valley, 97% Hispanic went red for the first time since I believe 1880. And the area of northern Ohio is totally white. And I gave the same speech in both places and it was received the same way because it was all about American opportunity, being able to build a family, being able to go to church, being able to retain the property that you earn, and then build on that for generational wealth. Right? These are the things that Americans want. You know what they don't want? They don't wanna be divided by race. They don't wanna be treated as members of an oppressed or oppressive hierarchy. That is not something Americans are interested in. But the Democratic party cannot let go of this. They cannot. The latest example of this representative, Jasmine Crockett, who's represented from Texas, well yesterday in the house, she went on a wild rant on the basis of race.


And the Democratic party is having a tough time separating all from this stuff because they've been doing identity politics for too long. It's because you can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country. You tell me which white men were dragged their homes. You tell me which one of them got dragged all the way across an ocean and told that you're gonna go and work. We're gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives. That didn't happen. That is oppression. We didn't ask to be here. We not the same migrants that y'all constantly come up against.


We didn't run away from home. We were stolen. So yeah, we're gonna sit here and be offended when you wanna sit here and act like and, and, and don't let it escape you that it is white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed, that y'all are the ones that are being harmed. Okay? That this is so insane. It's patently insane. Okay? The sympathy apparently is for the position that if you are a member of a specific historically discriminated against race, you are inherently a victim in the United States forever for like the rest of time. Now, of course, this only applies to particular racial groups.


This, as we know, does not apply to Jews who have been historically victimized and are currently victimized at the highest rate in terms of hate crimes according to the FBI. They don't count. It doesn't apply to Asian Americans who have been too wildly successful. Increasingly it does not apply to Hispanic Americans who are moving toward the Republican Party. Okay? But the basic idea here is that there's an intersectional hierarchy and no one who's white can complain about being victimized, even if they can point to an actual government policy that victimizes white people, like for example, affirmative action, which does in fact victimize people who are not of particular races. That is what it is designed to do. Affirmative action is designed as a racial quota system. It's a zero in a zero sum game where merit is ignored in favor of race.


That is of course going to victimize the person who is not counted as part of the beneficiary race. That is just the nature of the game, okay? But in any case, that particular attitude, that attitude, which is you are a victim because in 1619, your great-great, great-great, great-great, great-great, great-great grandfather was shipped over from Africa. Is patently crazy? Okay? It's nuts. Again, that is not ignoring American history. That is recognizing the reality of world history in which, if you go back far enough, pretty much everyone's great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great great grandfather was victimized in some way or another. I mean, speaking, Jasmine Crockett is a beneficiary of this country.


The utter and gratitude, the, the argument that she's using here is the same argument that you get from a kid when they've been caught with their hand in the cookie jar. And you say, well, why are you doing that? Why, why, why? Like, don't do that and say, well, I didn't ask to be born. I mean, you didn't ask to be born. What does that have to do with the price of tea in China? That has nothing to do with anything. No one asked to be born. As a matter of fact, we are all recipients of our family's history. We are all here through no choice of our own. That doesn't change the responsibility to be a decent human being. It does not change how we ought to argue about political issues, public policy issues. I mean, Jasmine Crockett went to an all girls Catholic high school in St. Louis. She went to Rhodes College and got a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration.


And then she went on to attend the University of Houston Law School. And then she became a public defender for Bowie County, and then she became a congress person. So does that sound like a highly victimized life to you? Does that sound like a person who was dragged over in chains? Again, if you believe that America has not progressed in any way, that America is still the same America, that you are just as victimized as again your ancestors, that that does beg the question as to why you don't leave if you are that victimized by the United States of America. Not historically. 'cause again, you go back in history and tons of people have been victimized, and of course history has consequences. But that is not the argument that she's making. The argument she's making is that no one who is not of a particularly victimized race can ever claim victimization in today's day and age.


Like today. Because years centuries ago, something bad happened to my ancestors. That's a crazy argument. But that argument has truck on the left. You wonder why the backlash is here. This is why the backlash is here. And again, this is part of the elite left wing establishment thinking. Another sort of tip of the iceberg example, according to Mark Oppenheimer reporting for the free press, there's a person named w Paul Coates. W Paul Coates is the father of the truly awful, both in terms of quality and in terms of of moral vision. Author Tahashi Coates, tahashi Coates, one of the worst thinkers in America.


He's a trash bag of thought. He's awful. He has never written a worthwhile thing ever, ever. I've read a lot of time in Hasi Ko. I'm still searching amidst the ruins, the wreckage of his rhetoric for some sort of coherent and cohesive moral thought. That doesn't just boil down to, if you're a member of a victimized group, a victimized group as I classify it, that means you can do no wrong. And if you're a member of an oppressive group, an oppressive group as I classify it, that means you can do no right. That is the basic logic of Tahashi Coates, who is in fact a moral idiot. In any case, his father in now receiving an award from the National Book Award, he's giving an, he's giving an an international a a National Book Award.


What exactly does he do? Well, he's the publisher of a, of a wide variety of books, including a book called The Jewish Onslaught. According to Mark Oppenheimer, he has a purveyor of anti-Semitic and homophobic tracks. He has promoted writing that in the parlance of our time is problematic, advancing pseudoscience while demeaning Jews and gays among others. On September 4th, the National Book Foundation, which gives out National Book Awards announced the Literarian Award for outstanding service to the literary community, which is essentially a lifetime achievement award would be given to w Paul Coates, who is the father of Taana Hassi Coates. Listen, Taana Hassi Coates as a moral matter is a waste of space. And it turns out that his dad isn't much better.


But you know what? You can't afford. You can't afford to waste your time financially on paying rent when you could theoretically be moving into a new home or redoing your mortgage as a potential home buyer, you've likely felt stuck in limbo these past few years. Between the pandemic economic uncertainty, limited housing inventory, and fluctuating interest rates, the market has been challenging to navigate. Here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's time to consider getting off the fence and building equity before the Spring Rush brings more competition and potentially higher prices. Now, you might think the holidays seem like a terrible time to buy a home, but consider this. When was the last time you heard about bidding wars in winter? This historically quieter season gives buyers more leverage to negotiate better deals with less competition. Here's how to get started. Visit Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. I recently sat down with Mike Hardwick, president of Churchill Mortgage. What struck me most, he has genuine passion for helping families build generational wealth through a home ownership. It's something that's actually important to him as a human being. His team doesn't just look at your credit score, they look at your entire financial picture to find a loan that truly fits your long-term goals. Churchill gives you serious advantages, buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee that they pay for, and programs that help you compete with cash offers, with rates trending down in market conditions, improving now could be your opportunity. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you. You'll be in good hands. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. An paid advertisement Home Buyer Edge And Seller Guarantee Are Available For Qualifying Borrowers and select loan types only not available in all states or locations. NMLS ID 1591 nmlsconsumeraccess dot org. Equal Housing Lender 1749 Mallory Lane, Brent one, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Also, Christmas is coming. Let's be honest, the woke corporations are already planning ways to wreck it. Well behold this, this right here, yes, get ahead of the holiday chaos with Jeremy's razors. We're fighting the left and saving Christmas early lock in 25% off the highly rated precision five razor and all shave hair and body essentials for shame-free stocking stuffers. It's perfect for dads, uncles, brothers, sons. Any self-respecting dude who knows that he's a dude. Stop giving your money to world corporations that hate you. Start checking off your list at jeremy's razors.com.


David Steinberger, chair of the National Book Foundation's Board said in a press release quote, W Paul Quotes, has recovered and discovered countless essential works of black literature and readers everywhere have reaped the benefits of his passion and care for the written word. Now, at first glance, coat is a surprising choice because from 1997 to 2005, he was a member of the National Book Foundation's board of Directors. Typically, people don't give people on the board the award because obviously there's a conflict of interest. So what exactly is his story? According to TA Hasi codes, his father would untuck his shirt and descend into the cellar after coming back home at night from his work to be with his collection of outer print texts, obscure lectures and self-published monographs by writers like Jay Rogers, Dr.


Ben and Silla Dungy Houston, great Sears who returned to Africa, to Egypt, to Africa, and recorded our history when all the world said we had none. Those texts, many taught by self-taught scholars, according to Oppenheimer, formed the core of what would later be called Afrocentric Historiography. Coats believed the knowledge these writers in parted had been deliberately withheld from black people. Tanah Hassi says, quote, from the day we touched these stolen chores, his father would explain to anyone who'd listen, they'd infected our minds. White people had forged a false knowledge to keep us down. So in 1978, Ana Hasse CO's dad built what he called Black classic books a publishing operation. And it included some better known books like David Walker's Appeal and some books by respected figures like WE Bsis and the historian Carter g Woodson.


But on September 27th, Jewish Insider published an article by a reporter named Matthew Castle with the headline, Paul Coates, father of Journalist Ha Hassi Coates, republished anti-Semitic screed, the Jewish onslaught apparently into black classics online store codes had added the Jewish onslaught, which is a book by the late Wellesley professor Tony Martin. Martin was notorious in the early 1990s for assigning to his students, the Nation of Islam text The secret relationship between blacks and Jews, which accused the Jews of monumental culpability in slavery. And the Black Holocaust. Henry Louis Gates, who is no conservative, did a New York Times article in 1992. Calling that book, one of the most sophisticated instances of hate literature, yet compiled coats, refused to answer questions about his inclusion of the Jewish onslaught on black classics List.


Black Classic was republished a number of books from majority Press. That's the press that Tony Martin found, including works by and about Marcus Garvey. And then apparently after the reporting Black Classic removed the Jewish onslaught from its online store. Okay? But there's a bunch of other problems. They also published a book called The Osirus Papers, reflections on the Life and Writings of Dr. Francis Cress Welling. This is a collection of essays celebrating the late psych psychiatrist Francis Cress Welling, who around 1970 began advancing the theory that racism and white people is correlated to lack of melanin in their skin. That same book, by the way, says that homosexuality was imposed by white people on black men, but there are a bunch of other books here that are just trash.


This person was now given a national book award by the National Book Foundation because this is the morality of the left. Because when it comes to how to dole out sympathy, sympathy is doled out on the basis of pseudo victimhood status. If you are a man who wishes to go into a women's restroom, you are a victim of American society and we have to pour out our empathy copiously upon you. If you are a black person in American society, regardless of whether you're a successful black person like Jasmine Crockett, we have to pour our empathy upon you because centuries ago, your ancestors were enslaved. And because 60 years ago, segregation was still legal in the South before you were born. Now it turns out most Americans are not up for this. They're just not, you know, where they want empathy poured.


They want empathy poured on actual victims. They want empathy poured on victims of crime. They want empathy poured on people whose jobs have been lost thanks to bad government policy. They want empathy for the American people writ large. They're not interested in sectarian empathy. That is not something that the American people are up for. And so for example, the left has decided that Tom Holman, who is Donald Trump's new chosen borders are, is a very bad man. He is a very bad man because he's going to engage in deportation of illegal immigrants. But the truth is, when you watch Tom Holman, Tom Holman is more representative of American's feelings about where empathy should be placed than Ta Hassi Coates or his dad, or Ellen's DeGeneres or Sarah McBride or Hakeem Jeffries.


Tom Holman was on Laura Ingram's show News, talking about the conviction of the criminal who murdered Lake and Riley, who you'll remember as the young woman who was brutally s slain by an illegal immigrant here was Tom Holman. You know, Laura, a lot of people ask me why I get so emotional and I do Fox News and why I get, why scream at members of Congress? 'cause I've seen so much tragedy. I've talked to hundreds of angels and moms and dads who buried their children because they were killed by illegal alien. This is the latest, you know, I I I've talked to little girls as young as nine years old that were raped multiple times by members of cartel. When you, when you look in her eyes and everything, innocent and pure has been ripped from her soul and her life will never be the same.


I mean, it's just, I'm, I'm tired of it. And, and this, and the government failed the Lake and Riley family. Not only if, if President Trump was president, he'd be sitting in Mexico and the Remain in Mexico program. And, and if he did get to New York and he was arrested for injury to child in New York, I used to be able to arrest him because the prior is under Trump, where if you're in the country illegally, you're a target. But because Detective John Mor has put the, the priorities so low, even the injury to the child didn't meet the standards so ICE could even place a detainer on him. So this is purely, it could have been prevented. This young lady's dead. And I want every mayor, every governor of a sanctuary jurisdiction to listen to that tape, listen to this young girl, fight for her life, fight for her breath, trying to survive terrified.


Think of the, I want you to understand what she went through, like the 9-year-old boy, that, that, that 5-year-old boy in the back of the tractor trailer that I held and I found him dead, that baked to death. I thought about what the last hour of his life was like. You need to listen to this tape. And for those governors and mayors are saying they're gonna stop Tom Holman, they're gonna stop President Trump, shame on you. Your responsibility is protect your communities. And that's what we wanna do, is protect your community. Again, this is basic common sense. That's where the empathy should be. It should be the victims of crime that is perfectly obvious to most Americans internationally. Empathy should be with America's allies, not with America's enemies. And yet Democrats seem to have a problem with this. The Senate voted on a measure led by the extricable useless leach on the ass of society.


Senator Bernie Sanders and a and a bunch of other Democrats that sought to block the sale of $20 billion in US made weapons to Israel. Okay? Now that had already been cleared by the Congress. It's a last ditch effort according to the Washington Post, who limit the carnage suffering and destruction. No, it isn't. It's a last ditch effort to stop Israel from defeating its enemies. Its enemies. By the way, are State Department designated terror groups like Hamas and Hezbollah. 19 Democrats favored blocking this aid to Israel, to embargo arms to Israel in the middle of a war, an existential war on its northern border and its southern border from two masses, massive terrorist groups, both of which are funded by the Iranian terror regime.


19 senators out of 51 30 7% over a third of the Senate caucus for Democrats voted in favor of a full scale arms embargo on the state of Israel in the middle of a war that includes things like blocking mortar rounds. We're talking like the most basic munitions available. Okay? There were some again, there, there are some people like Tammy Baldwin who voted present, okay? But those senators were Heinrich Carro, Kain King, Markey Merkley, Ossoff Sanders, shat Smith, Warren Welch, Durbin Van Holland, Shaheen Luin, Warnock Murphy. Okay? Both senators from Georgia. By the way, Georgia needs to vote these people out because Georgia is a red state.


Okay? But what, what an insane, insane proposition. And yet that those are the people for whom the Democratic Party has something that you wonder why you lost and why you're gonna continue to lose. The reason is because you're putting your empathy and your sympathy in all the wrong places. Why? As a reflection of your baseline system of values and that baseline system of values is that success is a symptom of exploitation and oppression. Failure is a symptom of victimization and victimhood because you believe that you put your sympathy in all the wrong places. You crack down on all the normies. That's the reason. It's not because of economic discontent alone. The Democrats problems are not gonna be fixed by a better economy under a Democratic administration.


They're only gonna be fixed when you stop associating with some of the worst ideas available in public life. In just one second, we'll show how this plays out in the media sphere.


First ladies and gents, our DailyWire Plus Black Friday sale is starting right now, is our best deal of the year. Get 50% off annual memberships today, no code needed. Just go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe and join the fight with DailyWire Plus, you'll get access to our uncensored daily shows with limited ads, plus breaking news coverage from the most trusted voices in conservative media. Get the facts, get the truth, get it all for 50% off. That's not all DailyWire Plus's homes in the number one documentary of the decade mi racist and our full library of premium entertainment. That's reshaping culture. Save at 50% right now. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe and join the fight today.


Well, it is because of this democratic vision of the world that they are so angry at MSNBC's Morning, Joe for going a meeting with Donald Trump. Remember, if this were just a disagreement over the direction of the economy, if in fact, Democrats and Republicans held the same baseline values that were just a matter of how we reach the same endpoint, if that were the case, why would anybody be that angry at Morning Joe going and visiting Donald Trump? The answer is of course, that that is not what the members of MSNBC's viewer class believe. They believe that Donald Trump represents a lesser morality. In fact, the worst kind of morality he represents something truly bad. And so if you make any provision for that, then you obviously have joined the side of evil. It's not that you have made a pragmatic political consideration to, you know, actually report on the current administration now.


Instead, you have crossed the line, you have placed your sympathy and empathy with the bad guys. This, of course, is the message of either Mark Cuban or Rosie O'Donnell. I can't tell the difference anymore. Here's Rosie O'Donnell ripping MSNBC's morning Joe. So Mika and Joe went down to Mar Largo to kiss the ring. It's the last time I ever watched Morning Joe. Period. End of statement. Unreal, unreal. For months you were telling us he's the worst thing that could happen to this country in democracy. And then you go kiss his ring. Despicable, despicable.


You, both of you. Okay, well, what I really enjoy most about that clip, I'm, I'm not sure there's so many things I enjoy about that. I love the, the tender piano music underneath her being bad Looney. That, that really I like. Also, she's, she's now reaching what we here at The Ben Shapiro Show, like to call the Michael Moore singularity. The Michael Moore singularity is that as every Democrat ages, they all turn into Michael Moore. Male and female is like an amazing thing. Rosie O'Donnell, Joe Scarborough, Rachel Maddow, Michael Moore, they, they, they're, they're all the same person. They've all become the same Mark Cuban. They're all the same. They look, I dunno if they all have one pair of glasses and they just trade them or what the deal is, but the Michael Moore singularities of a very real consequence of liberalism.


It's, it's, it's the, the bizarre democratic portrait of Dorian Gray. You just turn into Michael Moore as you age. In any case, MSNBC's morning Joe is apparently absolutely bleeding its viewer. Apparently they, they brought in 839,000 total viewers during the 6:00 AM hour of the program and 113,000 viewers in the 25 to 54 age demo on Monday. That same hour on Tuesday dropped to 680,000 total viewers with 76,000 in the demo. There are more people in your local broom closet than are watching Morning Joe on a national level at this point. Why? Well, because they committed the great sin. The great sin is to recognize that perhaps the morality of the left is not so superior to the morality of the right, that you shouldn't have a conversation that is precisely the thing they're angry about.


We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This Is A Paid Advertisement. Home Buyer Edge And Seller Guarantee Are Available For Qualifying Borrowers and select loan types only not available in all states or locations. And NMLS, ID 1 5 9 1 nmlsconsumeraccess dot org Equal Housing Lender, 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7,


which is why the left is constantly calling for censorship. So the latest episode of Censorship comes courtesy of something called the Conscious Advertising Network. So the Conscious Advertising Network is another one of these ginned up organizations designed to promote censorship against conservative shows. According to their website, they're focused on breaking the economic link between advertising and harmful content. Quote, we combine our advertising and human rights expertise that sounds like they have a lot of expertise to help implement industry platform and policy interventions and embed human rights within relevant commercial and political decision making. Globally, they have 180 plus members. They include Alien, Virgin Media, O2, British Gas and Innocent Drinks.


Network media agencies like Group M have this media and Omnicom Media Group and leading civil society groups like the UN Office of High Commissioner for Human Rights. So they're a trash bag and, and they basically put pressure on advertisers not to advertise on things they don't like. They want censorship. Here, for example, was at a UN conference, one of the leaders of the Conscious Advertising Network, a person named Alex Murray, talking about how what we actually need now is full scale censorship on climate issues. The climate information ecosystem has been compromised by the relentless onslaught of disinformation campaigns orchestrated and amplified by powerful actors.


The impacts of this is that it's obstructed climate action, it's deepened division, it's reduced trust and it's obstructed progress on climate action and big tech, legacy media, influential PR firms and the advertising industry all have played a role within this and often have prioritized profit over truth. So he believes that he's the sole arbiter of truth, and that means that he's going to put pressure to censor any sort of information that runs counter to the climate alarmism that his group, the Conscious Advertising Network, is pushing. In fact, he says we need regulation of First Amendment speech, what we would call First Amendment speech in the United States.


And the United Nations is the most Orwellian institution. And I pray to God that when the Trump administration gets in, they completely defund it. They should defund it. They should, they should blow up the building in New York. They should build a Trump hotel. I don't care what they do with the land, they can turn into affordable housing. That is a, that the un and the most heley of international politics. A wretched hive of scum and villainy needs to be torn down to its roots. They need to salt the earth anyway. Here's this schmuck talking about how they need democratic regulation of the First Amendment, which is usually one of the things we tend to call tyranny here in the United States. We need democratic regulation of this as well. We need measures which increase transparency.


We need responsible, we need promote responsible moderation within platform design. And we need to support media literacy as well. Okay? I don't trust you. I don't trust you because I think that you're a liar and I think that you are willing to say whatever you have to do in order to advance your agenda and to shut down whoever you have to shut down in order to advance that agenda. That too is something we're rebelling against in the United States. You wanna know why the Overton window has blown wide open? The reason is because y'all shut it up so tight that nobody could get through. No one unless they agreed with Hillary Clinton could get through that Overton window. Well, now the Overton window no longer exists, and that is a, a far hell of a site better than what you had established before.


Now, speaking of people who helped to blow up the Overton window, Elon Musk continues to unveil win after win. Elon Musk is of course going to be heading up with the va Ramis Wami, the so-called Doge plan to reform government. They have a piece in the Wall Street Journal talking about how they're going to push back against the rules and regulations promulgated by unelected bureaucrats. They say, quote, president Trump has asked the two of us to lead a newly formed Department of Government deficiency or Doge to cut the federal government down to size. The entrenched ever growing bureaucracy represents an existential threat to our republic and politicians have abeb it for too long. That's why we're doing things differently. We're entrepreneurs not politicians. We'll serve as outside volunteers, not federal officials or employees.


Unlike government commissions or advisory committees, we won't just write reports or cut ribbons, we'll cut costs. We're assisting the Trump transition team to identify and hire a lean team of small government crusaders, including some of the sharpest technical and legal minds in America. This team will work in the new administration closely with the White House Office of Management and Budget. Speaking of which President Trump is looking at the return of Russell Watt to be his new head of the White House Office of Management and Budget. He'll be a great partner for Musk and Vive in cutting all sorts of useless nonsense from the federal budget. V of course led the OMB during Trump's first administration. He's expected to meet with Trump about the job Wednesday at Mar-a-Lago according to the Washington Post.


So again, it's been widely reported that he's gonna bring him back. That would be a very good move by President Trump to move toward achieving what Vivek and Elon are trying to do right here. According Tove and Elon Doge will work with legal experts embedded in government agencies aided by advanced technology to apply the new Supreme Court rulings that overrule the Chevron doctrine, which basically gave unlimited discretion to administrative agencies to adjudicate their own rulings. They're going to apply these rulings to federal regulations enacted by such agencies. Those will present this list of regulations to President Trump, who can, by executive order immediately pause the enforcement of those regulations and initiate the process for review and rescission. This would liberate individuals and businesses from illicit regulations never passed by Congress and would stimulate the United States economy.


And all this is very good and it's just an indicator of the kind of changes that are coming to Washington. DC,


What if the wisdom to save our world has been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson brings together nine of the world's deepest thinkers, each with conflicting faith backgrounds. And an effort to unlock the mysteries is still captivate humanity. From skeptics to believers, scholars to seekers, each brings their unique voice to this contentious conversation about meaning, truth, and the chaos, threatening to consume our world. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently. Experience the Gospels a DailyWire Plus exclusive series available now.


Okay, meanwhile, president Trump is making some other strong moves. He's thinking seriously about nominating our friend Marty McCarey, for his FDA pick, which would be a great pick. Marty McCarey was sort of our go-to guy during the Covid pandemic on all things scientific and informational. According to Bloomberg, McCarey is seen as the leading candidate to run the FDA. He's a pancreatic surgeon at Johns Hopkins Medicine and he's a health researcher whose latest book focuses on questioning medical orthodoxy on topics from peanut allergies to antibiotics. McCarry has not yet requested, responded to a request for comment, but apparently Carolyn Levitt said, president's elect Trump is making decisions on who will serve. Those decisions will continue to be announced by him when they are made. McCarey would be excellent.


He would be really, really good. Again, we've had him on the program repeatedly. He is, you know, a, a serious scientific voice. He's also, he was a skeptic of much of the conventional wisdom with regard to Covid. He'd be an excellent pick. President Trump is also apparently aiming to restore the Keystone XL Pipeline deal. So this is a big deal during his first administration because Obama had killed it and then he put it back in place and then Biden killed it and Trump campaigned on reopening Keystone XL this time. He said, I don't understand. We killed Keystone XL and we allowed the Russians to, or open Nord Stream two, which helped facilitate Russian entry into Ukraine because they had more leverage over natural oil and gas in Europe. Well now Trump is looking as always to increase American production in the oil and gas industry.


According to Politico, Trump believes declaring the 1200 mile candidates to Nebraska crude project back on the table would drive the pro oil message he delivered in his campaign. Now again, the pipelines permits across the US Canadian border was first rejected by Barack Obama, and then Trump reversed that only to have that reversed again by Joe Biden in 2021. Calgary based TC Energy no longer owns the pipeline system that the Keystone XL was intended to complement portions of the pipeline TC Energy had put in the ground in both Canada and the United States have already been dug up. So again, local permits would have to be acquired. But this just shows you how orientation toward energy changes actual action on the ground. You wanna know why there have been a cut down on productivity in the oil and natural gas industry under Joe Biden?


'cause he kept telegraphing that he hated it and wanted to phase it out. There are not enough oil refineries in the United States, and no one's gonna build a new oil refinery if they believe Democrats are gonna come in five minutes from now and then promptly shut down the oil refineries. It makes no sense. Trump instead is opening the floodgates on all of that. Okay? Meanwhile, you know, again, I, I'm believing that more information is better. The American people deserve to know about the people who are serving in their cabinet. And this is why there's a police report that's now been released about Pete Hegseth. There's an allegation made about Pete Hegseth, who is President Trump's nominee for Department of Defense. And it provides graphic details according to the New York Times about a sexual assault accusation against heg Seth. And honestly, like the document is illuminating in a variety of ways, including the fact that it lends credence to Heg Seth's contention that actually he was not the person at fault in this particular incident.


So if you read the New York Times report on this, according to the report, the woman whose name was withheld told the police she ended up in Mr. Heg Seth's hotel room after he spoke at a conference in October 27, hosted by the California Federation of Republican Women at the Hyatt Regency Monterey Hotel and Spa. So the woman referred to throughout the report, as Jane Doe suggests that Hegseth took her phone and blocked the hotel room door and sexually assaulted her. But she said her memory was hazy and that she had drunk far more alcohol than usual. Throughout the day, hegseth told the police, he repeatedly sought the woman's consent for sex and told her they could stop if, stop if it was a problem. Video footage at the hotel earlier that evening, showed them at one point leaving a hotel bar with their arms locked together.


Hegseth apparently was drunk. And he says that he believed the woman that led him to his room. The woman's allegations have complicated the the nomination process, but again, you know, her story is, shall we say questionable enough that the prosecution decided again not to prosecute in this particular case. In fact, she told the hospital nurse that she believed something might have been slipped into her drink, but again, the evidence just was not she. She only visited a hospital four days later. So there are a lot of open questions about this particular police report, which presumably is why the police did not end up pressing charges in that particular case. Information is useful. In these cases, more information is more useful.


Alright, guys, coming up, we'll get into the latest from Ukraine, where honestly people are getting over their skis, talking about World War iii. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.