
Well, folks, day two of the Trump administration, part two is in the books. We'll get to everything going on in a moment. First, your reminder, America's Golden Age is just getting started. Be here with us for every moment. There has never been a better time to join Daily Wire Plus Use Code 47 right now for 47% off your new annual membership.


Well, as you can tell, my voice has still not recovered from the party that is, but the left is still not recovered. The left has not regained its semblance of reality or normalcy. One of the reasons why there's a feeling of unity in the country overall is because the era of weird is over. The era of the Normie isn't, and you can sense it everywhere from, again, a stylistic choices that were made at the inauguration to JD Vance and his wife Usha with their small children. The era of it's okay to be a normie. It's kind of good to be a normie is back. But the problem is that the left cannot embrace this. The Democratic party cannot embrace this. And that's worth exploring for a moment because the most obvious thing about this current election cycle is that the Democratic Party blew it.


They absolutely blew it. On wokeness woke issues are an 80 20 issue in the country. Americans do not believe in discrimination on the basis of race. That is an 80 20 issue. They rejected Americans do not believe that little boys are the same as little girls, and that boys can be made into girls or vice versa. That's an 80 20 issue. These issues are losers for Democrats, and that does make you ask a question, why don't the Democrats just separate off from it? Every time a Democrat tries to separate off from it, that person is immediately rigged over the coals. Most obviously, this happened to Congressman Seth Moulton in Massachusetts who made the signal error of suggesting that boys should not play in girls sports and then was clubs about the ears by his entire party.


Why can't they separate off from this if it's an 80 20 issue? Why is it so core for them to continue embracing it? And the answer is that wokeness is now the core philosophy of the Democratic Party. It is the core philosophy of left. It cannot be separated from. The reality is that in a country of immense prosperity and historic wealth, the typical left wing case, the Marxist case, that there are sort of classes and these classes are solid and impenetrable, that if you're born poor in America, you die poor in America, that if you're born rich, you die rich and your kids die rich. That's not true. It's not been true in America. Ever, ever. Alexis de Tocqueville talks about the income mobility, the wealth mobility of Americans in the 1840s.


It is true today. One of the most amazing things about the people who are standing next to Donald Trump during his inauguration, those tech bros, they did not all grow up uber wealthy. You know, the people who founded my company, I'll just speak about my company for a moment. The Daily Wire was founded by three people. The best you can say is that one of us grew up lower middle class, probably Jeremy Boring, co-founder of the company did not graduate from college. Caleb Robinson did not even go to college. I went to Harvard Law School and I grew up in a 1300 square foot house in Burbank, California with two bedrooms. One for my parents and one for the kids, which meant four kids in one bedroom and one bathroom for all six of us until I was 11 years old.


The amount of income and wealth mobility in the United States is astonishing. That is always why it has been a land of opportunity, which means that in America, the typical Marxist case for the flattening and destruction of the free market in the name of equality does not work and has never worked for long. Sometimes it's applied after an economic crisis when people are looking for some sort of answer. And that's when you get the FDR administration. That's when you get Obama. But it doesn't last for long because Americans are an aspirational people. We're a people who like innovation. We like adventure. We want the exploration. The typical left wing economic Marxist case that everything is economically unfair, does not tend to work in a system that has those levels of economic mobility.


The aspiration that most Americans have for their lives do not match up with what the left believes, which is you freeze society in place and you redistribute all the winnings and then everybody is equal in Penry. That is not the aspiration of the American people. When I campaigned with a series of Senate candidates during the last election cycle, whether I was up in the tip of Ohio with a bunch of white folks in tip of Ohio, or whether I was down in the Rio Grande Valley campaigning with Senator Cruz with an entirely Hispanic population, everyone wanted the same thing to be able to keep their wealth, to build wealth for the next generation, to raise their family, to go to church and to strive. So their kids who have a better life than they did. That is why Marxism has never successfully been applied in the United States and will not win in the United States.


And that is the also, that's also the reason why for the left economic Marxism had to be recast as something else. It had to be recast as race, race Marxism or sex Marxism, which is woke. So now the idea becomes that you have to completely restructure the system destroy capitalism. Why? Because people are innately not different. See, the thing about capitalism is that it's a meritocracy. And the beauty of capitalism is that you don't have to be at the top level of any particular thing in order to succeed in the United States, this is the theory of comparative advantage, right? I might be really good at talking and writing, but I'm not so good at plumbing.


That person can be highly successful, like make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year starting a plumbing company, right? That's one of the beauties of capitalism. But what the left says instead is that all people are innately exactly the same, not equal before God, innately the same. Men and women are arbitrary categories. Group differentiation, all arbitrary. And what that means is that any inequity, any inequality between those groups must be a reflection of unfairness. And that's what wokeness is. Wokeness is the argument that all disparities are discrimination. And in order for that argument to make any sense, that means that all people must be exactly the same.


So the argument to destroy capitalism has to be made on the basis that we are all basically undifferentiated widgets. This is why the left can't let go of those arguments. They can't. The minute they give up that argument, they're relegated to arguing. Economic Marxism again, and economic Marxism in the United States tends to lose. Bernie Sanders is popular with a relatively small cadre of the American people. His candidacy would've been a disaster for Democrats. And so they've had to move into sort of weird combo of economic Marxism, economic progressivism, Elizabeth Warren town and race, Marxism sexism, Marxism wokeness. Why do I bring this up?


Well, because one thing that's been evident in the aftermath of President Trump's Reese swearing in is the left will never give this up. That made itself absolutely apparent yesterday. So the National Prayer Service was held yesterday at the Washington National Cathedral. It's an invite only event, but it's pretty big. It's like 4,000 people show up. President Trump went along with Melania as well as the entire Trump family. So too did Vice President Vance and his family as well. And in the middle of the service, which is sort of interfaith service, kind of, it has a a variety of, of people who get up and and speak. One of the people who was preaching, and I say preaching kind of in scare quotes, is a person named Marianne.


Buddy Marianne buddy is an episcopal bishop, a female episcopal bishop. So you can imagine she's not going to be exactly a traditionalist. And she gets up in front of President Trump and vice President Vans, and she proceeds to spew a diatribe of woke mind nonsense that has nothing whatsoever to do with the Bible, Christianity, traditionalism, anything, anything. 50 years ago, you would be much more likely to hear this in a communist party hall than in a church. One of the terrible things about the decline of religion in America is that you now hear this kind of trash in churches.


So this resistance pastor gets up and is gonna make herself famous by ripping into Donald Trump and JD Vans the day after the inauguration. And she's gonna do so by spewing absolute nonsense wokeness about both trans kids who don't exist. Okay? When I say they don't exist, I mean that there may be kids with gender dysphoria, but the notion that a child knows that their body is not in line with their, with their sex is ridiculous. On his face, she spewed nonsense about trans children and about illegal immigrants, and suggests that if President Trump wishes to emulate the values of Jesus, then he must abandon his entire political agenda.


I noticed that Jesus was not in favor of free migration across all borders. You're gonna have to show me where in the Bible he was in favor of that. And I certainly know that Jesus was not in favor of the idea that boys and girls are the same and are interchangeable and boys can become girls. But of course, it has nothing to do with religion. It is what the left has done with nearly every institution. They've hollowed out the institution, they hollowed out the church, and they stuck in a bunch of left wing woke garbage. Here we go. I ask you to have mercy upon the people in our country who are scared. Now, there are gay, lesbian, and transgender children in Democratic, Republican and independent families, some who fear for their lives and the people, the people who pick our crops and clean our office buildings who labor and poultry farms and meat packing plants who wash the dishes after we eat in restaurants and work the night shifts in hospitals.


They, they may not be citizens or have the proper documentation, but the vast majority of immigrants are not criminals. They pay taxes. And our good neighbors, they are faithful members of our churches and mosques, synagogues, gudara, and temples. I ask you to have mercy, Mr. President, on those in our communities whose children fear that their parents will be taken away, and that you help those who are fleeing war zones and persecution in their own lands to find compassion and welcome here.


Our God teaches us that we are to be merciful to the stranger for we will all want strangers in this land. This is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. Okay? The notion that you are now citing the biblical injunction to be kind to the stranger to suggest that he cannot have a border as a country is asinine. The suggestion that the Bible mandates that President Trump allow the mutilation, the hormonal sterilization of small children on the basis that they think they might be a member of the opposite sex is perverse.


And this is a broader issue because of course this happened. Of course, this did. First of all, shame on whomever did not vet this particular person speaking at the interfaith service of prayer for the nation on Tuesday. Shame on them. This was, this was all out there.


Missions to Mars, driverless cars, AI chatbots feels like we're already living in the future. Well, Robinhood is built for the future of trading. Robin Hood's. Intuitive design makes trading seamless. So you can spot opportunities to take control of your trades. You can now even trade your stocks and crypto all in one place. Sign up for a Robinhood account today. Investing is risky. Robinhood Financial, LLC member, SIPC is a registered broker dealer. Cryptocurrency services are offered through an account with Robinhood Crypto, LLC. Robinhood Crypto is licensed to engage in virtual currency business activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Here's that same resistance pastor saying just a couple of years ago that everything about President Trump was antithetical to the teaching of Jesus. This is on CBS this morning. First of all, the, the context which you are, which you're reporting described that after speaking so harshly and with militaristic overtones to the nation, he, he, he had the park of peaceful protestors cleared with tear gas and officer in riot gear to, to, to make a symbolic gesture holding a Bible as if to spiritually condone a message and a posture that is antithetical to the teachings of Jesus.


And everything that we as a church stand for. It's insulting and ridiculous and divisive and silly. It's also bound to lose 'cause the American people don't believe this, let alone anybody who takes the church seriously, who takes the Bible seriously. Whether you're Jewish or whether you're a Christian, you don't take this particular perspective seriously. If you happen to be a person who believes in biblical values, but the left can't let it go, they can't let it go. This is ugly because again, an interfaith prayer ceremony for the sitting president of the United States should be a pretty non-partisan affair. And this person turned it into a deeply partisan affair, which you knew she would, again, shame on whoever vetted this person.


But this is part and parcel of a broader unwillingness to let go of the fact that the left's attachment to woke never dies. The other symptom of this was the most idiotic controversy of the last 48 hours. And there have already been a bunch of idiotic controversies, and that was Elon Musk supposedly being a Nazi. So the press and the left have seamlessly shifted from Donald Trump is a Nazi to Elon Musk is a Nazi. They can't say that Trump is a Nazi anymore 'cause he's just one. So instead they've decided to find the other and most prominent person in the administration, Elon Musk, the richest person on earth, and to call him a Nazi. This all began on inauguration day.


So Elon Musk was obviously extremely excited about the election. He spoke at the presidential parade. He was bouncing around the stage here he was speaking. Can you imagine how awesome it will be to have American astronauts plant the flag on another planet for the first time? Oh man, damn. Yeah. How inspiring would that be? You know, there's always, there's, there's always problems. Problems in life. You know, there's this problem.


Solve that problem, solve that problem. But you know, there, there need to be things that inspire you. There need to be things that make you glad to wake up in the morning and see, I'm looking forward to the future. All of that is right. That's Elon's vision. And you can see he was very pumped up. And over the course of the day, he got more pumped up. Here Was Elon getting extremely hyped over the course of inauguration day? Yes. This, this is what victory feels like. Yeah. And this was no ordinary victory.


This was a fork in the road of human civilization. Okay, this, this, you know, there, there are elections that, that elections that come and go. Some, some elections are, you know, important, some are not. But, but this one, this one, this one really mattered. And I just wanna say thank you for making it happen. Thank you. Okay. So Elon is really hyped up. Now here, here's the thing about Elon. When he is hyped up, he jumps around, he makes very large motions. Okay, well, one of these motions would become the motion that launched a thousand idiotic tweets.


A million idiotic tweets. So Elon got very excited and he said that his heart goes out. He was talking about various people. He said his heart goes out to them. Here's the clip, and then I'll explain what the left thought of this clip. And I just want to say thank you for making it happen. Thank you. My heart goes out to you. Okay? So he says, my heart goes out to you. And he makes a motion where he reaches over to his chest, his heart, right out to you, and he throws it. But it's an awkward motion.


It's stiff armed. So naturally the left decides that Elon has become a brown shirt. That, that, that's clearly what happened. He covertly became a brown shirt. Sometime, sometime over the course of the last 72 hours, Elon Musk morphed into an actual, honest to God, Hitler loving, Nazi making not particularly covert signs on. Now listen, I've been through this rodeo before. I'm old enough to remember when Laura Ingram was accused of this for speaking at the 2016 Republican National Convention, while basically waving to the crowd, okay, but Elon is now gonna get it. So here was CNN. Again, they can't let go of it. They can't, they can't let go of the idea that their enemies are evil, that their opponents are evil. They're not just wrong, they're evil.


And certainly they're not wrong because they are righteous. They're righteous in their wokeness. And so, another episode of everyone I don't like is Hitler. Elon is the latest episode of everyone I don't Like is Hitler according to CNN. I just wanna look at that salute that he gave. Again, just if anybody missed it, we'll just show it again. He's just wrapped up here. You can hear the there. All right. So we just, we just showed that, we just showed that, Right? It's worth, it was quick. I think our viewers are smart and they can take a look at that, but it certainly was, it's not something that you typically see in American political rallies, put it that way.


No, no. It was not something that you usually would see. And it was quick, as you point out. It was very quick. But it was, it was in a moment of intensity for him as he came out dancing. And then he did that. Just ridiculous. Absolutely. And, and this became the order of the day in the media. Rachel Maddow came out and, and blasted Elon for the supposed fascist a salute. In case you haven't seen this yet. This today was Elon Musk, richest man in the world, biggest political donor in the history of our country. This is him today twice, throwing something that looks like what is politely called the Roman salute at the hockey arena in, in Washington, before Trump's appearance there tonight.


And, and maybe this is not what he meant when he did it. Who among us knows what is in the hearts of men. Mr. Musk has not yet commented on what he was doing here, but the Roman salute is a thing. And that is what it looks like Elon, Elon Musk was doing, which added a nice blood curdling, chill to the day for many people today. Blood curdling, just blood curdling. I know that awkward hand motions from Elon who is famous for jumping up and down with his hands in the air. Absolutely blood curdling, you know, not blood curdling to these people, is shooting a 7-year-old child full of hormones so that he never goes through puberty before cutting off his genitals.


That's not horrifying, that's humane in the name of Jesus. But Elon Musk giving an awkward hand salute when he says, my heart goes out to people, okay, that obviously is just, just chilling. Now I gotta say, no, I, I have a pretty high radar for Nazism, not like a bit of a stake in this particular game. Like I, I feel like I can spot some Nazis when I see them. My Nazi radar does not go off around Elon Musk. You know why my Nazi radar doesn't go off around Elon Musk? 'cause he is not a damned Nazi. In fact, Elon and I, one year ago this week were in Auschwitz together visiting Auschwitz together.


We did an event where he spoke about antisemitism and how evil it is and the evils of hitlerism, like the what is wrong with you people? And the answer of course is they know better. Of course they know better. Of course they know better. No one honestly believes that Elon Musk was giving a Nazi salute. But they have to characterize their opponents as Nazis. It's the only way, it's the only way. This, by the way, has been the tactic of the entire post-World War II left. Anybody who is not a communist is a Nazi. That is the way this, this entire political game is run. And here is John Stewart doing this routine. What's amazing is hearing people like John Stewart supposedly speaking truth to power, by which we mean just parroting whatever the left wing talking point of the day is.


Okay, charitably, I'm going to say that was just an awkward, my heart goes out to you gesture. Any of you might have done it like this. You know, even Taylor Swift has done that. You know my heart, but she almost never does. That goes out to you, like, just always stays with. But you know, listen, it's nerve wracking day. You're not normally a public speaker. It's a one off gesture. Please try not to use it again.


Some of them You really wanna make sure the people in the back seat. I guess I, I'm just gonna be generous and say maybe that was Elon's attempt at dabbing on the haters. I don't Just absolutely ridiculous. These people are absolutely ridiculous. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier.


Call, visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank Representative Robert Garcia did the same thing. This became the talking point of the day on this is what you are relegated to. You lost an election. You can't separate off from your own terrible radical ideas. And so you're relegated to calling Elon Musk, one of the most philo somatic people on earth. A Nazi here is Representative Robert Garcia doing this insane routine That was a Nazi salute. And he didn't just do it one time, he did it twice for emphasis. And you talk to anyone that historians folks actually study the Nazis and study this actual kinda disgusting display will be, have been very clear that what that was.


And he should not just apologize, he should be condemned for those kinds of actions. So, gross, disgusting. But more of what we can expect, I think from Elon Musk and Donald Trump, I don't even know what to say to these people. And it's senators too. It's Senator Chris Murphy. Senator Chris Murphy brought this up in a hearing with Elise Stefanik, who is going to be the UN ambassador for the United States. Elise Stefanik has been one of the loudest and most vocal opponents of antisemitism in the United States Congress. She made a lot of headlines last year when she went after various woke Ivy League deans who are defending antisemitism on their campuses. So Chris Murphy decides in all of his idiotic glory to ask her about Elon Musk and his Nazi salute.


What do you think of Elon Musk, perhaps the president's most visible advisor doing two Hele Hitler salutes last night at the president's televised rally? No, Elon Musk did not do those salutes. I was not at the rally. But I can tell you, I've been at many rallies with Elon Musk who loves to cheer when President Trump says we need to send, you know, our US space program to Mars. Elon Musk is a visionary. I'm looking forward to his work in Doge, the Department of Government efficiency and look forward to looking how we can be more efficient and effective. But that is simply not the case. And to say so is the American people are smart.


They see through it, they support Elon Musk. We are proud to be the country of such successful entrepreneurs. That is one of our greatest strengths as Americans. Okay? I mean, obviously all of this is true. This became so ridiculous that even the a DL who got this stuff wrong routinely, even the A DL was like, no, I'm sorry. No quote. It seems that Elon Musk made an awkward gesture in a moment of enthusiasm, not a Nazi salute, but again, we appreciate that people are on edge because the ADL's always trying to have the baby. But come on guys, come on Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, who is just deeply dishonest. You know, I'm, I'm moving away. As you as y'all know from listening to the show, I tend to attribute most things to stupidity rather than malice a OC I'm not sure that it's possible for a person to be this stupid like and still function in society.


So I think it's malice. Here's what she said, quote, just to be clear, you are defending a heel Hitler salute that was performed and repeated for emphasis and clarity. People can officially stop listening to you as any sort of reputable source of information you work for them. Thank you for making that crystal clear to all. So a OC is now accusing the a DL of working for Elon Musk. The A DL and Elon Musk have been at odds for literally years. And if we're talking about people who are quite tolerant of the actual Nazis and that exists on planet earth today, a OC is real high on the list. She's perfectly fine with Hamas ruling the Gaza Strip while denying Israel Iron Dome funding to prevent missiles from falling into state oats. I noticed that many of the people who are most upset about Elon's supposed neo-Nazi salute had not a word to say when Jews were being massacred on October 7th and had many words to say about Israel's ability to defend itself.


It seems the only type of hitlerism that they can't identify is the actual hitlerism that exists on planet earth today. The genocidal attempt to destroy Jews in Israel and elsewhere, unbelievable. But again, this all ties into a broader narrative for the left. And that broader narrative is not just of course, that Elon is a Nazi, that the entire right is filled with fascists. Because if you can't convince people that your economically Marxist program is a good idea, 'cause it didn't. And if wokeness isn't selling, you are now left with the final argument. And it's the argument they keep going back to, they're gonna keep going back to this. Well, even though that well is absolutely bone dry that well is their fascists, their fa. Now remember Joe Biden ran his entire campaign until he died on stage on this issue and lost.


And then Kamala Harris tried it and lost, but they ain't got nothing else there. That's all they got this empty playbook. So here, for example, was Jimmy Kimmel suggesting you might go to jail for clapping too loud in Donald Trump's America. If you clap at Jimmy Kimmel's jokes, are you kidding? Donald Trump doesn't. First of all, all of Jimmy Kimmel's viewers are either on my show when I play a clip or in his actual live studio audience. There are no other Jimmy Kimmel viewers. Thank you for Thank you for coming. Thank you for being here on, Yeah, no, you clap too loud. You're all going to prison too. So, Ah, and this is gonna be their argument.


So Simone Sanders, who's once the press secretary for Bernie Sanders's campaign, and then for Kamala Harris in short-lived fashion, she suggests that the reason that Donald Trump signed the pardons for the January 6th that rioters and trespassers and protestors was because he's constructing a private army. Yes, nailed this. They're going to be his private army. One, one of the things that the left finds the hardest to grasp about January 6th is that despite all attempts, no evidence was ever uncovered, suggesting that Donald Trump directed all of the people involved in January 6th to violently overthrow the United States government. Zero evidence was adduced to that effect, but they're just gonna go with it, ma'am, here's Simone Sanders going for it.


And one senior dim state legislator from out west text me and said, you know, he, he literally just let his private militia out of jail. He said, he's instilled a sense of loyalty. These are, these people feel loyal to him. Sure. And their lawlessness is now going, is now going to go unchecked and he can now call on them again to do what they would like Call on them again to the ridiculous. He's the president of the United States. He turns out he is the commander in chief. So yeah, I'm pretty sure he doesn't need the guy in the Buffalo horns. I'm pretty sure. Meanwhile, George Stephanopoulos thought that this was literally the most important question to ask. Secretary of State Rubio, secretary of State Rubio was approved at 99 2 0 unanimously in the United States Senate.


Again, this is not a wildly radical administration when you're getting nominees approved 99 zip for Secretary of State, which is perhaps the highest position in the cabinet. And what is George Stephanopoulos top question. What about the January 6th pardons? He's the Secretary of State. Listen to this insane question from Keebler Elf and former Hillary Clinton staffer George Stephanopoulos. Let's begin with Jan January 6th. Pardons back in when this happened, you called it a national embarrassment saying we now have third world countries that are lecturing us and we have tinpot dictators that are mocking us. Of course, you're now America's top diplomat. You'll be speaking with your counterparts around the world.


What message does that Pardon? Send to them. Well, I don't anticipate a single one of our partners will ask about it, obviously, and you know this well from your time in the administration, and my job is to focus on the foreign policy of the United States. I have a different job this morning and a different focus. And it's one that demands a hundred percent of our attention. And so that's what I'll be focused on and won't be opining on domestic matters at this point, because frankly, my focus needs to be a hundred percent on how I interact with our, you know, counterparts, our adversaries, our potential enemies around the world to keep this country safe, to make it prosperous. That's the clear mandate from the president. It's what he campaigned on. I think he made it pretty clear yesterday that he wants to reinvigorate an American foreign policy that makes America safer and stronger and more prosperous.


That that's what the promise that Donald Trump was elected to keep. And that's the one we're gonna help him keep at the Department of State. But As a senator, you did say that it affected our standing in the world. You don't believe that anymore. Well, as a senator, I had an opinion, all kinds of domestic matters, but now I'm focused singularly on foreign policy. By the way, the idea that Donald Trump pardoning January 6th protesters affects our standing in the world is a joke. That is a joke. Who really, which of our enemies are like, wow, he pardoned that guy who was trespassing in the capitol. I guess that that changes my opinion about everything. I mean, if that's the case, what do you think that the world took away from Joe Biden commuting he sentences of 37 murderers, murderers as well as by the way, on his way out, commuting in the sentence of a man convicted of killing FBI agents.


Zero police officers were killed on January 6th. On his way out, Joe Biden commuted the sentence of a murderer named Leonard Peltier who killed two FBI agents on South Dakota's Pine Ridge reservation in 1975. Any questions that George in the end, the left just can't handle it, they can't handle it. Donny Doge, who's certainly not a member of the right, he's on M-S-N-B-C, and he said, listen, you may not like Donald Trump, but you really do have to acknowledge that Donald Trump has captured something here. And the folks at M-S-N-B-C basically melted down. I just want add one thing to that. We, we can say that to ourselves. He has co-opted America's heartbeat.


I, it, it's, i I just, you have to, Well, if America's heartbeat, I'm Not saying you might not like that Hostage family standing behind him in Palmer. No. America's heartbeat is standing Behind that. Marketing Is quite, listen, listen to me Talking about J six, I'm well J six people will absorb people, absorb it behind it because he gives them what they want in other places. This is just, I want the Democrats to learn that you can even get away with things as ridiculous as that. If you're feeding people what they want to hear and what they need. The the reality is that the lefts can't handle it. They're having a real problem here.


Well folks, as we say the Golden age of America has now arrived from our exclusive inauguration coverage live from DC to the first 100 days of President Trump in office. We cover all of it, uncensored, unfiltered, ad free, exactly how we intended it to be. The Daily Wire doesn't just report the news. We go straight to the center of it to give you the fact Live daily shows from the most trusted voices in conservative media, groundbreaking culture shaping premium content, hit movies, explosive documentaries series that actually matter. Not a Daily Wire Plus member yet. Well now would be the moment get 47% off as we honor the 47th president of the United States. Donald J. Trump. Use code 47 and check out that is 47% off when you go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Don't forget code 47 for 47% off at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Meanwhile, speaking of Secretary of State Rubio, he was unanimously confirmed to his position by unanimous vote of the Senate Secretary of Defense incoming Pete Hegseth was approved in committee to move forward to a full Senate vote. I expect that he will be approved. That is also true of Scott Besson, who has now moved out a committee as well. So Trump is gonna have a full cabinet very shortly. Marco Rubio gave a statement upon his swearing in, in which he talked about what American policy would be. He was speaking with the folks over at NBC News. Here's what it sounded like. I meant my job is to focus on the President's foreign policy and it's gonna be a foreign policy that's frankly as straightforward as any in modern times.


And that is that every, every, the priority of the Department of States, of the United States is gonna be the United States. And that's what we're gonna focus on is today we'll have a meeting with the, with the quad, with foreign ministers from Australia and India and and Japan to reaffirm the importance of working with allies across the world on the things that are important to America and Americans. And that's what I'm focused on moving forward. And so, you know, I hope you guys all understand. I mean, my, my days, at least in the time I'm at Department of State of engaging in domestic politics will be put aside as I focus on the affairs that the United States has around the world and the engagements we have to have to make our country a safer, stronger, more prosperous place. And the peace through strength message that President Trump is promoting is going to be well promoted by Secretary of State Rubio Rubio was asked about ending the Ukraine war, and here's what the Secretary of State said.


It's going to be the priority. It's going to be the official policy of the United States that the war in Ukraine needs to come to an end. It is a stalemate. It's one look, it's a war and it's a conflict that was started by Russia, but it is now a stalemate of protracted bloody conflict. Been incredibly destructive, I would argue for both Russia and Ukraine. But Ukraine is, is paying the, the, the biggest price of all to its energy infrastructure, to the people and lives that have lost to the millions of Ukrainians that have had to leave to leave their countries and are living overseas. The conflict needs to end and it's a policy of the United States that we want it to end. We wanna do everything we can to help it end. We are gonna engage in making it end and oh in a way that is sustainable. Meaning we don't just want the conflict to end and then restart in two, three or four years down the road. We wanna bring stability.


We have a lot of important pressing issues around the world and I think everyone should wake up this morning and be very happy that we have elected as our 47th president, a man in Donald J. Trump that wants to promote peace in the world and bring it to the end of these conflicts. And this is part of a cohesive philosophy coming from the Trump foreign policy team. Elise Fannick, who is having her hearings yesterday for UN Ambassador, she said something very similar about the end of the war in Ukraine. I support President Trump's commitment to bringing this war to a resolution to stop the killing. And he is, he campaigned on that issue and he feels very deeply and I support that. And I believe it falls squarely in line with the founding mission of the United Nations to bring international peace and security.


If you look at my record over the course of my time on the House Armed Services Committee and the House Intelligence Committee, I have a very strong record when it comes to deterring Russia, pushing back on Russia, including during President Trump's term, voting for defensive lethal aid to Ukraine. I believe peace through strength is our strongest deterrence. And I'm very proud that during President Trump's first term, it was the only president where Putin did not invade another country. Because of that strong peace through strength leadership and the rebuilding that we passed through the National Defense Authorization Act and President Trump signed into law. So I think our effort should be supporting, my effort will be supporting President Trump's mission to bring that to a resolution and to deter Russia in the long term.


Now again, I think that this is part of the thing that the, the left has been pushing about Trump for a long time. That he's just gonna completely cut Ukraine off and suddenly Putin's gonna be strolling down the streets of Keith. I've been saying that was not the case for a very long time. In fact, president Trump yesterday said that Vladimir Putin was quote unquote destroying Russia. President Trump in the Oval Office said he can't be thrilled. He's not doing so well. Russia is bigger, they have more soldiers to lose, but that's no way to run a country. So again, all this talk about Trump being a sort of Russian patsy, he's gonna hand over Ukraine to the Russians. It's just not true. And it wasn't true in the first place. Speaking of Elise Nik, one of her other points that she was making is that the United States under Donald Trump is going to cut off American funding for terrorism, which is a pretty good start.


We should never tolerate any US taxpayer funds going towards terrorism. As in my question with the ranking member Shaheen, I was one of the members that voted to defund ra. I was one of the leaders in standing for that important appropriations vote, which there is a bipartisan consensus on with significant members Republicans as well as some Democrats who voted to defund it. I think we can look to organizations within the UN system such as U-N-H-C-R, such as the World Food Program working with U-S-A-I-D, which are proven organizations. They still need, you know, reform efforts and modernization, but don't have the terrorist ties that Unre had, particularly that were exposed during the October 7th Hamas attack against Israel.


Whether it was Hamas' leader Swar carrying a US, an UN NRA teacher's passport, or whether it was the UN R office above a Hamas data center or individuals within UN NRA who participated in the terrorist attack against Israel on October 7th. So that I, I fully support the president's commitment to defunding and I'm proud to have voted for that in the Congress. Okay, again, this foreign policy team is not a break from the Trump idea of Trump won. It is the same more of that. And by the way, the world's a better safer place when that was happening.


Are you looking For a better quality meat? Good ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed, oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code Daily Wire, good ranchers, American meat delivered.


Meanwhile, president Trump is also moving domestically. Yesterday he announced an up to $500 billion investment from the private sector in AI infrastructure in the United States, which is in fact going to be a necessary adjunct to the United States. Once again leading the world in artificial intelligence. 'cause either we're going to develop it here in the United States or it will be developed by many of our enemies and opponents. OpenAI, SoftBank and Oracle are planning a joint venture called Stargate. On Tuesday afternoon, soft bank, CEO Masa, Yoshi son showed up at the White House along with Tim Altman of OpenAI and Larry Ellison of Oracle to announce the deal. They say they're gonna plan to commit a hundred billion dollars initially and pour up to $500 billion into Stargate over the next four years.


These will be giant data centers because of course AI requires these enormous data centers in order to, in order to process all of this. And that means energy utility. And that needs to happen in states like Texas that have an energy surplus Together. These world leading technology giants era announcing the formation of Stargate. So put that name down in your books 'cause I think you're gonna hear a lot about it in the future. A new American company that will invest $500 billion, at least in AI infrastructure in the United States and mo, and very, very quickly moving, very rapidly, creating over 100,000 American jobs almost immediately.


So again, the winning is continuing. I'm not tired of it. Yet the rest of the world is beginning to adjust. Well, meanwhile, over at Davos, Davos is half empty this year because everybody's at the inauguration. Oh, those sad people, Klaus SRA admitted, Hey, you know, we might have lost the trust of the global community. No, you don't say what could have changed Klaus Us When we meet today, we also have to face an erosion of trust in our society. We must work together to regain trust. In order to progress nationally and internationally.


This can only be achieved if we genuinely address the existential fears of so many, the fears of marginalized, so fears of souls who are afraid of accelerating environmental degradation and fears of those who worry about being left out in the transition to the intelligent age. Could they have constructed a person who's more like a bond villain? You know, why? Why do you think you lost Klaus?


What did you guys do? What was it maybe the high handed elitist way in which you decided that the entire world economy was going to run on your values rather than say free markets and individual joys. What could have happened? But it's fun to watch as the left across the globe begins to deal with the ramifications of President Trump's victory. Olaf Sch, who will soon not be the chancellor of Germany. He said, you know, it turns out maybe this whole America first thing, there's nothing wrong with it. It's probably okay. Yes, president Trump says America first and he means that nothing wrong about that to to focus on the interest of one's own country. All of us do that.


However, cooperation and mutual understanding also is in the very own intrinsic interest. I said that for Germany, many times, the European Union is the greatest national interest for Germany Is up. Again. I think the rest of the world is beginning to acknowledge it. The obvious things are changing.


Speaking of which, in just one moment, we'll get into the latest on President Trump's immigration plans. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach SHAPIRO. Checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.