
So you've got a business, but what about a brand? The difference More of you. Wix gives you the freedom to create your website, own your brand, and do it on your own. Exactly how you envisioned it. Experience limitless customization, boost your creativity and efficiency with AI tools for every part of your business journey. Scale up with built-in SEO e-comm and scheduling features. Put more of you in your business. Go to wix.com and do it all yourself


Folks. Am I Racist? Is now streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus It's the biggest documentary of the last decade. And now if you go and subscribe, you don't just get the movie, you also get bonus content for members only. We're talking unseen footage. Matt's breakdown of his epic troll. This is a limited time offer. Use code. DEI get 35% off DailyWire plus memberships. For those who haven't seen the movie, here is the trailer. What Do you feel in your body when you hear the term white people? Oh, make those more. I feel like a cringe about it. White, straight, cisgender, man. It's the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. It's me. Yeah. Can I just propose a toast? Raise a glass if you're racist. It's a racist. That was really weird. Don't deny that you're racist. Try not to be racist, but don't, but also don't realize that you're, until we're willing to talk about these things, healing can't really begin. My daughter's four years old, she's still watching Disney movies and choosing a white princess. Have you talked to her about that all the time. Is racism inherent to whiteness? Yes. Yep. Yeah, probably. Well, yeah. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Did race exist as a reality before we made race exist? Does that make sense? It does make sense. What do you mean? What you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you and less for you. Am I Racist now? Streaming only on DailyWire plus rated PG 13.


Joining us on the line is Matt Walsh. He of course is the star of Mi racist, the biggest documentary of the last 10 years. It is now streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus. Matt Walsh, thanks for joining the program. Great to talk to you. Hey Ben, thanks for having me. So it's been a hell of a ride for you. Like this is a, it's an amazing documentary. Obviously your, your newfound success has made you much, much more famous. So I'm not sure how you go undercover in the future, but tell us about why you're excited that Air Am I Racist is now available at DailyWire Plus. What are people gonna be able to see behind the paywall if they weren't able to see in the theaters? If they already saw it? Yeah, I mean, well the big thing of course, first of all is the movie itself, which look, you know, there's, there's many people who wanted to see it in theaters.


They didn't, they weren't able to see it. And, and so this is your chance to watch it. And even if you did watch it in theaters, you know, I, I I like to think that this is a movie that's, that rewards second and third viewings as someone who's seen it probably 20 times. I, I think it does get better with age. But on top of that, we have, you know, we've got scene, we've got breakdowns of different scenes where we talk about behind the scenes what went into making the film, what went into, what went into setting up the scenarios that I find myself in, in the movie, which is the, the number one question I get all the time is, how did you get into the room? How did you get that person on screen? How did all that work? And I give as much information as I can possibly give in some of these behind the scenes breakdowns.


And we also have some deleted scenes as well that weren't able to make it into the final cut of the film. So there's a lot there if you go to DailyWire dot com and get signed up and, and you can find it all there. So, Matt, Am I Racist? I I think the, the message was relevant obviously a few weeks ago when it came out in theater, is even more relevant now given the fact that Kamala Harris is running dead, even with Donald Trump in many of the polls right now. And her entire campaign is about diversity, equity, and inclusion. There was an article from the New York Times that came out late last week explaining that as vice president, one of her first, one of her first acts was to scan intelligence reports for sexist language. Why don't you talk a little bit about the importance of, Am I Racist and, and showing all your friends how racist in the run up to the election? Yeah, I mean the, the, the timing on this really, I, the thing is, it, it's interesting 'cause when we, when we came up with the idea for the film, you know, two years ago, only a few months after what his woman came out, we, we assumed that when the election came it would be, you know, at that point Joe Biden on his marionette strings that there, you know, walking to, to the election, we didn't realize of course, that Kamala Harris would be the, would be the nominee.


We didn't know that. We didn't know that when the movie came out. It would be right in the middle of an election where there's an actual DEI candidate. But that's the way, that's the way that it worked out. So I think that the timing for this film both to hit theaters and now the streaming platform couldn't be better because this really is, it's not just a slur to say that Kamala Harris is a DEI candidate. She is in fact the first DEI candidate in the history of this country in that she is a presidential nominee who was put in that position, not voted into it purely because she checked demographic boxes and she's not, obviously not qualified for the position that she's in. Nobody even really wants her there, even on her own side. I mean, that is DEI down to a t and, and that is what we're exposing in the film and also mocking ruthlessly and mercilessly, which is, which I think is is, is the best strategy against this, this madness in my opinion.


You know, folks, Am I Racist Again, it's the best performing documentary of the last 10 years. These things don't come cheap. It was a very expensive documentary to make. It's expensive to get it in theaters. It, it is difficult to do it, it took enormous amounts of time and sacrifice on Matt's part. And we do need your help and be able in being able to put out material like, Am I Racist with people like Matt Walsh? This is just another reason you should hand it over to DailyWire dot com right now and subscribe DailyWire Plus and use code DEI and you'll get a discount of 35% when you do on your annual subscription. It is available today, like today right now at DailyWire plus. Matt, once again, congratulations on the film. It's an amazing piece of work. Any final words for the audience? Yeah, I think, well I think you, you touched on it that to, to make movies like this, it's, it's a major investment.


It's a huge risk and we're able to do it because of the support from the audience. And we, we wanna keep doing this because this is what making culture is. If you want to, if you wanna fight for the culture, you have to be making, making art, making entertainment, making films. And we can only do that without the au with with the audience's support. So that's why you gotta go and get subscribed and we will reward that with, with I think a really entertaining and, and fun and important film Folks, once again, go check it out. DailyWire Plus right now. Matt, thanks so much. Really appreciate it. Thanks. Well folks, we are now one week and one day away from the biggest election of our lifetime. The 2024 election in Donald Trump is not only closing fast, he's closing big.


So last night Donald Trump held a rally, a Madison Square garden, he packed the house, 20,000 people showed up. There were tens of thousands of people in the streets outside. No real signs of protest. It was kind of a shocking site for sure. The state of the race right now, despite all the enthusiasm, anybody who tells you that they know exactly how this race is gonna go is lying to you at this point. Anybody who says that it is a foregone conclusion that Trump wins or that Harris wins is not telling you the truth. I can have a gut feeling, you can have a gut feeling and those gut feelings count for pretty much nothing. That is also the opinion of Nate Silver who says that his gut right now is that Donald Trump is ahead. He says, I don't think you should put any value whatsoever on anyone's gut, including mine. Instead, you should resign yourself to the fact a 50 50 forecast really does mean 50 50.


And when you look at the polling right now, literally every swing state is within the margin of error. I'm looking at the real clear politics. Polling average Michigan is a dead heat. Trump plus 0.1 Pennsylvania, a dead heat, Trump plus 0.5 Wisconsin, dead heat, Trump plus 0.3, Arizona is a little bit more ahead 1.5 North Carolina Trump plus 0.8, Georgia Trump plus 2.3. So he is closing and he is in fact closing better than she is at this point. Does that mean that he's inevitably going to win? No. And for those who are saying that, you know, the early voting statistics right now show Republicans doing better than expected, that's true. But it's unclear at this point whether that is cannibalizing day of voting.


So again, the reason I'm sounding all these notes of caution is just because I think we should all be realistic that every vote matters right now. So if you have not gone out and voted yet, you absolutely should. This is indeed an incredibly tight election. Sometimes one campaign gets a feeling of momentum and people start to think, okay, well if I stay home no biggie because my candidate's going to win anyway, that is a recipe for defeat. This election is in fact by every polling data available, a dead heat. And that means that every little bit counts at this point in time. With that said, if you look at the behavior of the two campaigns, it is pretty clear who both campaigns think is ahead. Donald Trump believes he's ahead and Kamala Harris seems to believe that Donald Trump is ahead. So as mentioned last night, Donald Trump holds this gigantic rally at Madison Square Garden.


And of course, anytime a Republican holds a rally at a place where one time there were Nazis, that means that it's supposed to be a throwback to a Nazi rally. This is the line that's been used by the left all day, every day they've been doing this in advance of the rally. In fact. So for example, Tim Walls suggested just yesterday that the Madison Square Garden rally by Donald Trump, which was basically just a redo of the RNC except Elon Musk also showed up. He said that that was just like a Hitler rally. Here's what he had to say yesterday. Donald Trump has descended into madness over the last few weeks, and I think some of you don't miss on this. Go do your Google on this. Donald Trump's got this big rally going at Madison Square Garden.


There's a direct parallel to a big rally that happened in the mid 1930s at Madison Square Garden and, and don't think that he doesn't know for one second exactly what they're doing there. Okay, well that's a little bit weird because as it turns out, lots of parties have had events at Madison Square Garden. In fact, the New York Knicks are apparently the Nazis because they play at Madison Square Garden. Bill Clinton actually did a 1992 Democratic Presidential nomination at Madison Square Garden. Jimmy Carter did the same thing at Madison Square Garden in 1980. George Shelby Bush did it in 2004 at Madison Square Garden. So apparently these were all Nazi rallies, and this is part of the latest desperation play by the Kamala campaign.


And the desperation is just wreaking from this campaign, wreaking from this campaign, the inestimable stupid Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez. She's saying the same thing. She went on M-S-N-B-C this morning and declared that this was indeed a Nazi rally. There's a couple of things, as you mentioned, this was not, this was a hate rally. This was not just a presidential rally. This was also not just a campaign rally. I think it's very important for people to understand that these are many January 6th rallies. These are many stop the steal rallies. These are rallies to prime an electorate into rejecting the results of an election if it doesn't go the way that they want. Because Donald Trump and that entire cadre of people up on that stage, Stephen Miller, et cetera, do not respect the law of the United States of America.


And they either want to win this election or they are using rhetoric of taking it by force. Well, Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez obviously very excited about the possibility of a Trump presidency because then she gets to do her resistance routine again. But this is all part of a broader desperation play by the Kamala Harris campaign to call Trump, Hitler. You see, Hitler drank water, Trump drinks water, therefore Trump, Hitler the same. So last week while I was out, the Harris campaign revved into high gear. Their Trump has a tiny mustache. Part of the campaign. Kamala Harris actually did a little speech from the Vice presidential resident declaring that Donald Trump was Hitler. This in the aftermath of former chief of staff, John Kelly coming out and calling Donald Trump a fascist.


Here's what she had to say. Yesterday we learned that Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, a retired four star general, confirmed that while Donald Trump was president, he said he wanted generals like Adolf Hitler had. Donald Trump said that because he does not want a military that is loyal to the United States Constitution, he wants a military that is loyal to him. Okay? That is, that is, she's an absurdity. This entire campaign is an absurdity. Meanwhile, the entire Democratic party is having trouble fending off people who actually hold swastikas at rallies. The pro kamas crowd, which desperately wants to be part of the Democratic party.


Kamala Harris can't say boo to those people. So that's her closing pitch. Her closing pitch is that Donald Trump is some sort of crazed Nazi, and meanwhile, again, Kamala Harris can't even say boo to the Nazis. So Kamala Harris, for example, she was speaking in Michigan and protestors interrupted her once more about Israel's war against Hamas in Gaza. And she has nothing to say to them because when it comes to time to actually speak up against today's Nazis, she wants their votes. We are fighting for America's future and we understand the opportunity we have before us to turn the page on the fear She's being yelled at by these crazy people.


And she can never have the sista soldier moment where she just turns to the Craz pro, Kamas goons and says, Israel is right in its war. Because that might offend the people who actually sympathize with the pro Kamas Nazis. So it takes a lot of gall to suggest what happened at what? What happened in Madison Square Garden last night was some sort of Nazi rally there, Israeli flags hanging from the rafters there. There were tons of Orthodox Jews who shut up. By the way, Orthodox Jews are gonna vote for Donald Trump. 120% Orthodox Jews who are not eligible to vote will probably try to vote for Donald Trump. That is how passionate the base is in the community of Jews who care about Israel with regard to Donald Trump. Meanwhile, by the way, a Jew was shot in Chicago by somebody shouting Ahu Akbar over the weekend.


And apparently that's not a big national story because of course it happened in Chicago. Again, I only point this out because the last ditch campaign effort by the the Harris campaign to suggest that Trump can't be president because he's a Nazi is just plainly ridiculous on his face and it's not going to dent whatsoever. What happened in Madison Square Garden last night? So Madison Score Garden, again, it was sort of a reduct of the Republican National Convention. Hulk Hogan showed up on stage. Elon showed up on stage. Melania Trump made her first campaign appearance of the entire campaign cycle. Here is Hulk Hogan doing his routine, But today Trump a maniacs. The energy in here is something like I've never felt. The energy of all these Trump of maniacs is the most powerful force in the universe.


And today, this is Donald Trump's house, brother, you know something Trump maniacs. I don't see no stinking Nazis in here. I don't see no stinking domestic terrorists in here. The only thing I see in here are a bunch of hardworking men and women that are real Americans, brother, Again, the the entire left can mock this sort of stuff. But the reality is that Donald Trump does not look down on Americans who, like, for example, Hulk Hogan and the E, everybody thinks that what Trump does at the rallies is very corny because he has Lee Greenwood singing, God Bless the USA, and because there are lots of American flags and because he's wearing a hat, the MAGA hat, which has always looked like a family reunion hat from 1996.


That is the charm, that is the appeal. And that appeal can't be understood by the more sophisticated set, but it is a very real appeal. Nonetheless. And of course Trump has grown his coalition, right? Elon Musk, who for most of his career was an Democrat, has now declared himself a passionate, dark MAGA advocate. Here he was at the rally last night getting an enormous cheer. I mean, at the end of the day, you're being taxed. You're being taxed. All government spending is taxation. So whether it's it's direct taxation or all government spending, it's either becomes inflation or it's it's direct taxation. Your money is being wasted and the Department of Government deficiency is gonna fix that.


We're gonna get the government off your back and out of your pocket vote. Okay? And then Melania showed up again. She has not been president this entire campaign. And so she showed up on stage to introduce Donald Trump last night. Here she was For generations, this town has produced America's most fearless leaders whose Mark changed the course of the world, New York City and America needs their magic back. A country of tomorrow that will shape our future and reset expectations for the generations and vision.


A wonderful America where the seed of security, prosperity, and health are sow once again for benefit of our families. Let us start together with a shared vision that builds on American greatness. Let's size this moment and create a country for tomorrow, the future that we deserve. Okay? So you know, it's great that Melania showed up and then of course Trump showed up and he was classic Trump, which means that he spoke for a million years.


There are a bunch of gems in there. Here he was bashing Kamala Harris last night. Obviously he's in a very good mood and Donald Trump thinks he's going to win. Kamala Harris apparently also thinks he's going to win. Here was Trump last night. One thing you have to know is that no matter how good your people are that operate this machinery, it's gonna break. And you're gonna be out there all by yourself a lot and you gotta be able to do so. Three weeks ago she was saying there was only 32 days left, right? And she's reading it like, ah, there's 32 days. And it stopped. And she went this 32 days, 32, 32.


And I was watching, he said, this isn't pretty. 32, she was gone. And then dammit, it kicked back on. She was gone Again. This is sort of trumpet his freewheeling best. He's enjoying himself. Here was Donald Trump making a more serious point, however, which was that he actually kept us out of wars, which of course is true. Remember crooked Hillary Clinton, crooked Hillary? Oh, she was a beauty during one of our many debates, she said, look at him. Listen to him.


He's going to start a war. Listen to his rhetoric. He's going to start a war. I said, no, no, no. My rhetoric is gonna keep us out of wars. And that's what happened. Okay, that's true. And that's real what he's saying right there. We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Okay, so the big rip on the Madison Square Garden rally last night, aside from Trump is a Nazi, is the claim that racist jokes were made by a comedian named Tony Hinchcliffe. Now you remember probably Tony Hinchcliffe from the Tom Brady Roast actually did probably the best set at the Tom Brady Roast. He did a set last night to open the Madison Square Guardi Garden rally. And I'll just say it was not a good set. Like I, it didn't make me laugh. I I didn't think it was great. I thought that he told a bunch of pretty hacked kind of racialist jokes because he's trying to be edgy. And I understand that that's half the appeal to sort of the meme lords of the campaign is not helpful in the middle of a campaign to make jokes about Puerto Ricans and Jews and blacks and Latinos and in the middle of a campaign, not a particularly useful thing such that the Trump campaign has to actively dissociate from the Comedians Act.


With that said, is that supposed to be the thing that that characterizes the campaign? How many votes are gonna swing that Tony Hinchcliffe made a bad joke about Puerto Rico? I, I, I don't, I don't think so very much. And the reality right now is that in the closing days of the campaign, Donald Trump is on a roll. And on Friday he went on Joe Rogan. That episode of Joe Rogan has tens of millions of views on YouTube alone. And that is Trump at his freewheeling best. Again, this is where Trump shines. Trump is really good with people. I've, I've met him several times, obviously I've dealt with him. I know President Trump, president Trump in a room is excellent, really, really good. He's actually much better in a room than he is on a stage. On a stage. He tends to ramble. He tends to go really long in person in a room.


He connects with humans and that's what he did with Joe Rogan. And you can see it here. So I always got more publicity than other people and I didn't, it wasn't like I was trying, in fact, I don't know exactly why. Maybe you can tell me why. Oh, I Can definitely tell you. You said a lot of wild, Maybe, maybe that's it Said a lot of wild and then CNN in their all their brilliance by highlighting your wild made you much more popular. Yeah, yeah. And they boost you in the polls 'cause people were tired of someone talking in this bull pre-prepared politician lingo. And even if they didn't agree with you, they at least knew whoever that guy is.


That's him. That's really him. That that is right. That is right. Okay. So momentum with Trump. Meanwhile, the other evidence that Trump is winning is not just that he is happy and that the person campaigning happy tends to be the person who's ahead. It is also that Kamala Harris is clearly flailing. She clearly is flailing. So she was asked over the weekend by a reporter about the internals, the internal polling. So each campaign does internal polling that gives them what they think is their best picture, best snapshot of the swing states. And her answer was, my internal polling is my heart. That, that, that's not, that's not good. Can you give us a sense of your internal polling at the campaign and how that is making or influencing your decisions on what to do over the next nine days?


So to be very frank with you, my internal polling is my instinct. I let the campaign people deal with the poll, the, all that other stuff. Have you noticed that the crazy Kamala Hackle is back when she first started this campaign, it was gone, gone. Like she had listened to her campaign Handlers Don't do it right, please try to keep your cackle in. And then as she's gotten more uncomfortable over the course of the campaign, it makes its appearance all the time. Like a lot, if anyone believes by the way that she's making her decisions based on instinct, they have never seen Kamala Harris campaign. She does nothing based on instinct. 'cause she doesn't have any political instincts. She doesn't even have positions. Everything she does is poll tested. Everything that she's doing right now is a trial balloon, which she then immediately shoots down if it doesn't get the response that she wants.


Everything seems to be failing for her. My friend John Po Hortz over at Commentary Magazine who worked on the George HW Bush campaign in 1992, he has said about that campaign that when a campaign starts to have things go wrong, everything goes wrong all at once. And that seems like the story with Kamala Harris's campaign, it feels like everything is sort of going wrong all at once for her. Even the small things. So she had to rally over the weekend and Beyonce was supposed to show up and tons of people showed up. 'cause they figured, okay, Beyonce's gonna show up. That means Beyonce's gonna perform. I'm gonna get like a, a free Beyonce performance out of this. There is only one problem, which is that the Pact crowd shows up and so does Beyonce. She shows up, she waves to the crowd and she leaves and everyone is super pissed.


'cause it turns out, if somebody says Beyonce to appear, you don't really think she's just gonna show up and wave at you. You think she's gonna sing? 'cause that's what she's famous for. Kamala can't even get that going. All of which caused Donald Trump to actually rip into Kamala Harris for not even being able to get Beyonce to sing for her. You know, they got Beyonce and Beyonce, you know, Beyonce, they got Beyonce. So Beyonce went up, spoke for a couple of minutes, and then left. And the place went crazy. They booed the hell out of everybody they thought she was gonna perform. Now I would have no interest in that. But they said, and what happened is my opponent got up and started speaking, they booed the hell out of her. It's crazy.


So they have to use people to get people to come. He's right, of course. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris, she's going place to place trotting out new accents every single day. Here she was speaking over the weekend, dropping yet another code switch in the middle of the campaign, Weeping may door for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church morning is on its way. I'm sorry, I heard doing the MLK routine here is just galling.


It really is quite terrible. Former Obama aids like Van Jones, David Axelrod, they're pointing out that she's going brat to flat. David Axelrod said that she has a habit of going to what he called word salad city when answering questions. Van Jones for his part, he really has hi his finger on why Kamala Harris is failing, because this is the problem. What is the core of Kamala Harris's campaign? The core of the campaign is basically that she's not Joe Biden, that's it. But there is no actual core to her other than her bizarre pursuit of left-wing radical wokeness. Van, I'm, I'm friendly with Van. I think Van's, yeah, we disagree on an enormous in number of things, but, but I think Van is a genuine voice and speaks what he thinks is the truth.


And very often hits the nail on the head when it comes to political analysis of the Democratic party here was pointing out, you know, guys, you alienated everyone and now you're shocked that you're not getting the votes you need. If progressives have a politics, it says all white people are racist, all men are toxic, and all billionaires are evil. It's kind of hard to keep 'em on your side. And so we might want to think about if you're chasing people out of the party, you can't be mad when they leave. And maybe if we had a different politics, we actually said dignity for everybody, everybody's respected, and we need you more people might stay. I mean, is that really that complicated? But for Democrats, it is.


What if the answers to life's most profound questions have been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson gathers nine brilliant minds from renowned scholars to vocal skeptics in an effort to unlock the mysteries of the Bible that still captivate humanity from ancient wisdom to modern day doubt. Each bring their unique voice to this contentious conversation about faith, truth, and the growing chaos that threatens to tear our world apart. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential texts. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently.


James Carville's making the same point now. He says, the wokeness has been an absolute killer for the campaign. The problem is, is there's a lot of part of the liberal culture that still insist on using this jackass language. This morning. I'm listening to NPR, which I, again, I find in one hand quite informed the other hand ly frustrating talking about the vegan community. Does any normal person use the term vegan community? I have no idea. Where, where do they meet? What are they a part of? What do they do? I mean, I know plenty of people out vegan of ve, you know, but, but I don't know that there's some, you know, everything is a community that's, that's the favorite democratic word that have existed, which I, I don't mind it.


I I like to be a part of a community, but it, it just so says something that you, you send so many coded signals out to so many people that they don't even realize it. Louisiana Skeletor is correct. Like they, they, he, he's right about that. There's nothing you can say, but they can't, they, they're addicted to it. They're addicted to it. Gwen Walls, who is the most obnoxious figure in all of American politics, and Doug Emh and Gwen Walls, man, they're part of the same campaign. If you want the zoom session from hell, here it is. As Katie Corick and Glen Walls both way too close to the camera on this zoom. This is like, oh my God. You get into an HR session and you are just, and this is what you are faced with.


It's just awful. And here is Gwen Wall's explaining that we need tampons in boys' bathrooms. This is the campaign, guys. If kids are hungry in school, what that does to brain and learning, you're not gonna learn to read. So if you're talking about learning to read and closing gaps, then you better take away the barriers for that. If that's tampons, then that's tampons. The barrier to learning is tampons in the boys' bathroom according to Gwen Walls. I can't imagine why they're losing men. Very, very difficult to understand. By the way, there is nothing at the core of the Kamala Harris campaign other than this kind of garbage, amazing story in the New York Times. Truly incredible story from a coup a couple of days ago. This is from Friday, paging through intelligence reports.


Just weeks after she was sworn in as Vice President Kamala Harris was struck by the way two female foreign leaders were described. The reports used adjectives that in her view were rarely used to describe male leaders. Ms. Harris, the first woman to hold their office, ordered upper review that scrutinized multiple years of briefing reports from various intelligence agencies looking for possible gender bias. The study found some questionable word choices, but no widespread pattern. According to a senior intelligence official, one of five who requested anonymity to discuss the review, none would disclose the words flagged by Ms. Harris because the reports were classified. Still, the exercise had an impact. Intelligence officials added a new training class for analysts to assess how to judge female foreign leaders. According to another official, the episode proved to be a preview of Ms.


Harris's priorities. The vice president put questions about gender and race at the center of many of the policy discussions in her office. AIDS and former administration officials said throughout her career, she pushed for policies aimed at systemic disparities and often used her bully puppet to speak about what she saw as injustices. So the core of her campaign is that as the vice president, when she would get an intelligence report, if it mentioned a female leader and used a word that she thought was sexist and offensive, she would child the intelligence agencies. This is clown town stuff folks. And she is an empty headed clown. She is. That doesn't mean that she is a politician without ine qualities at all. She could have gotten as far as she has without any, without no qualities.


But her priority when she got in was to check for sexist language. The intelligence reports, these are not serious people. She's not a serious person. And the American people consent that she's not a serious person. It's almost as though Trump and and Harris are polar opposites. This way she tries to present as a serious person, and underneath is a deeply unserious person who should not be in charge of anything. And Trump presents as deeply unserious. And then when it comes to policy is actually serious as a heart attack. It's a truly amazing comparison. Well, meanwhile, the problems don't stop there. For Kamala Harris, hilariously Joe Biden is still wandering the landscape bumping into walls. So apparently the Harris team is very angry because Joe Biden, the corpse of Joe Biden, is still decomposing as he wanders the landscape.


So over the weekend, he, he started trying to flame Donald Trump and speak English, and he failed at both. Here he was on the tarmac. Trump has no class at all. Zero. None. Thank God. I'll kidding aside, if this wasn't a political campaign, how would you characterize manner dec? Okay, so yeah, that, that, that's not gonna move the needle. You know what else is not gonna move the needle? The fact that Joe Biden trying to campaign for Kamala Harris. He, he's labeling alive people dead, which I guess makes sense since he labels himself alive. So works in reverse as well. Here he was talking about Gabby Giffords, who is alive and eulogizing her Gov.


Thank you for the introduction. And to the Gila Indian River community, the Healing Gila, oh my God, nothing wrong with me. Gila River Indian community. Yes, there is for Welcoming today. You know, I say this with all sincerity. This to me is one of the most consequential things I've ever had an opportunity to do in my whole career as president of the United States. It's an honor, a genuine honor to be in this special place on this special day. Thank you to Senator Mark Kelly, a great friend who also was married to an incredible woman who was my friend, Who was my, my friend.


She is alive. She, I mean, he is not. And she, the Harris campaign is like, can we get him off the campaign trail? Axios reports, president Biden wants to campaign for Vice President Harris in the last days before the election. Harris's campaign keeps responding. We'll get back to you. Oh boy. Oh boy. His approval rating right now is 39%. Remember that old man, they tried to shove off the back of the bus? He's like, gripping. He's got the death grip on the campaign. He's like, I really, really wanna be part of, I Wanna be, how can we campaign together? Come On. And she's like, he's perfectly fine. He's really, everything is great. He's green president and stay away from me. Old green, stay away.


Many on Biden's team, including some still on the campaign that Harris inherited from the president, believe Biden could help Harris in the final days. They believe Harris' team is underestimating Biden's appeal among white working class communities in the Rust Belt, including in Pennsylvania in 2020. Biden now performed Hillary Clinton's numbers with some of those voters. Biden's team has become more assertive. They announced the huge campaign solo in Pi in Pittsburgh this weekend. And Harris's team was like, what? What are you doing? No, back to the coffin old man. You wonder why people think this is a campaign in disarray. Eh, it might be because it's a campaign in disarray. That would probably be the reason. But you know who the Harris team is trotting out? They're trotting out in a last ditch effort to drag black men to the polls.


Michelle Obama and Michelle Obama has basically become older person of color. Greta Thunberg, she's disappointed in you. She just comes out every so often to explain how she's disappointed in you and America. A place that made her wealthy and famous beyond belief in America that gave her more opportunities than any living human about in America. About which she wrote her Princeton thesis talking about how America was evil and terrible. And she's never changed that opinion. America is always evil and terrible unless it's giving her things that has been Michelle Obama's personal perspective for a very, very long time. And now she's disappointed in you America, because if you won't vote for Kamala Harris, it's obvious that you are sexist and racist.


Not that Kamala Harris is bad candidate. Not that you prefer President Trump's policies. No, it's that, that she's disappointed in you. So she's just Greta Thunberg. Now See, these are just some of the ways women die during childbirth. And I don't wanna be a downer, y'all, but in many cases there is no warning and things go bad very quickly. And when it happens, every second of hesitation or delay can lead to devastating outcomes. So I am asking y'all from the core of my being to take our lives seriously.


Please do not, do not put our lives in the hands of politicians, mostly men who have no clue or do not care about what we as women are going through. So their appeal to men is men are evil and terrible, and they're assaulting women. And she is just a, Greta Thunberg is very disappointed in you, but now it's Michelle Obama is very disappointed in you. So disappointed in you. And if that weren't enough, you get both Obamas for the price of one. That's not true. You get both Obamas for the price of two. They're not gonna, you know, stint on the pay.


Here is Barack Obama roasting Donald Trump over the weekend. I do not know where to start with this man called the Civil Rights movement. Crap called L-G-B-T-Q, people Filth self-identified as a Nazi suggested bringing back slavery. I now, I shouldn't really have to get into all this. I, I think it's fair to say you do not need a governor who makes Donald Trump look almost normal.


You deserve somebody who's gonna work every day and fight for you. Somebody who has shown that he is up for the job. Somebody like Josh Stein, he's been doing it his entire career. He's gonna have an easier time pushing Josh Stein over the finish line in North Carolina where he's running against Mark Robinson, a deeply flawed candidate to say the very least than he will with Kamala Harris. But none of it is working. Nothing is working right now. And you can tell the preemptive sense of panic has totally set in among Democrats really, really setting in, in a major way.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They'll do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer Shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor


Well, folks, Matt Walsh is, Am I Racist? Yes. That comedy, that became the number one grossing documentary of the decade, it just dropped exclusively at DailyWire Plus what you saw in theaters that was just at the beginning. We are giving DailyWire plus members access to deleted teens. We didn't show in the theaters. If you're not a subscriber, now would be the time to do it. Plus we have exclusive extras where Matt Walsh breaks down exactly how he pulled off the greatest troll job in history step by step. I'm talking behind the scenes footage that shows how the box office hit comedy all came together. If you're not a DailyWire Plus member, head on over to mi racist.com. Use code DEI. Yeah, we really did that for 35 percent's off your DailyWire Plus membership. This isn't just a movie, it's a blueprint for how we are winning the culture war stream. Am I Racist right now, only at DailyWire Plus


already we are getting the preemptive mourning from the Democratic faithful. It's pretty amazing to watch actually. So it it is. It is preemptive rage. They know that they're not doing well in this election, and so they are bringing out everything. They have got Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, they're out. You can feel the rage, you can feel the anger. They don't feel this way because they're winning. They feel this way because they're losing. Here's Leonardo DiCaprio who apparently has mistaken Kamala Harris for a 23-year-old woman expressing his support for her. This is the place where democracy was born, and it's only fitting that we're all here today to fight for that very same democracy. Like all of you. I am very excited because in 10 short days, we all have the opportunity to make history together.


Citizens like every one of you here today are absolutely critical to doing just that. I just wanna start. It makes me so angry that we are here talking about a piece of like Donald Trump, Robert Dero, Leonardo DiCaprio, making the case to people who really, really, really loved all nine hours of killers of the flower moon. But that's not where most of the rage was happening. Over the weekend, most of the rage was actually directed at wait for it, the Washington Post. So the Washington Post came out and said it will stop endorsing presidential candidates.


Apparently that decision was made by Jeff Bezos, the paper's owner. Now, is anyone under the mistaken impression that the Washington Post op-ed page is filled with Donald Trump supporters? Everybody knows where the Washington Post stands. The reason that they're not endorsing this year or in the future is because they understand they've alienated everybody to the right of Karl Marx over at the Washington Post. The Los Angeles Times is doing the same thing. They're withholding their endorsement. Is that because they don't actually like Kamala Harris more than they like Donald Trump? Of course not. We know where the LA Times is. We know where the Washington Post is. But the mere fact that they would not put forth an endorsement of Kamala Harris means that everyone is losing their minds. On the left. On Friday, will Lewis, the post executive chief executive, according to the New York Times, told the newsroom the paper would no longer endorse presidential candidates.


His announcement came after the debate and decision by Bezos, a person with knowledge of the talks that said, by that time, the paper's opinion section had already drafted an endorsement of Harris, according to four people with knowledge of the process. The Post had endorsed presidential candidates since 1976 when it gave its stamp of approval to Jimmy Carter. But the reality is that the Washington Post has endorsed a Democrat every election cycle since then. I don't think they've ever endorsed a Republican ever. So what difference does it make? The answer is none. But people are fighting mad about this. Very, very angry Marty Baron, former executive editor of the Washington Post. He said, quote, this is cowardice with democracy as its casualty. Donald Trump will see this as an invitation to further intimidate Jeff Bezos and others disturbing spinelessness at an institution famed for courage.


Wow. Yeah, the wa that the Washington Post famous for its courage because they, they've spent their entire existence standing up to the Democratic power. Str Well, can't say that really, but they're really, really mad. Meanwhile, Washington post editor at large, Robert Kagan, confirmed that he resigned from the Washington Post following the decision not to endorse in the presidential race. The Washington Post, by the way, recently sought a sit down with Kamala Harris at the papers ed board. The campaign refused to schedule a meeting. So they're really, really fighting mad about this. Brian Stelter, Mr. Potato, he's back on CNN where he explains this is anticipatory obedience. So I just have a question.


If, if they refuse to issue an endorsement on behalf of Kamala Harris, that's anticipatory obedience. If they every year endorse a Democrat, is that not anticipatory obedience? Meaning aren't they doing that because they wish to get in good with Democrats? Here's Brian Seltzer, but everyone is so mad on the left. Now here's the reality. Ain't nobody voting based on the Washington Post editor's decision whether or not to issue an endorsement. Nobody's waiting there. No swing voter was like, oh my God. Well now the Washington posts withholding an endorsement, probably I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump. Like no one's doing that. No one, they're just looking for people to be angry at because they have to find somebody to blame. They can't blame themselves. They can't blame the Democratic party, and they can't blame wokeness. So they have to find somebody.


Maybe it'll be the Russians this time, or maybe it'll be the editorial board over at the Washington Post, which could not issue that crucial late in the cycle endorsement. The, the overarching story here is about a concern that billionaires like Bezos might be rolling over and appeasing Donald Trump, whether even before the election day actually rolls around. This is known by some scholars as anticipatory obedience. The idea that some people obey in advance to curry favor with aspiring authoritarians. Certainly many liberal critics of Trump believe that's exactly what's happening now at publications like the Washington Post.


And I've heard from staffers inside the post reporters and editors who are worried about the chilling effect that this is having. Th this is a chilling effect. So it is Trump being mean to the Washington Post. That is why they're caving. Democracy is dying in darkness. Oh, or maybe it turns out that Jeff Bezos and the rest of the papers ownership structure are not particularly interested in at this point in continuing to alienate literally half the body politic. Well, not so for the New York Times. The New York Times issued a front page and is obviously an attempt to, to steal the audience of the Washington Post, the Sunday opinion section in giant 20 point bold font, Donald Trump says he will prosecute his enemies. Order mass deportations, use soldiers against citizens, abandon allies, play politics with disasters.


Believe him. Well, I mean, I, I for 1:00 AM very relieved to find out that the New York Times editorial board is not endorsing Donald Trump and will in fact endorse Kamala Harris. Until that moment, I had no idea where they stood. I mean, sure, every one of their conservative columnists has also endorsed Kamala Harris. Sure, sure, that's true. But, but the thing that I am most focused on right now is that the New York Times said the thing, and that's really important. Again, this is all preemptive panic. It's all preemptive panic by the Democrats. They're upset with the Washington Post, not because they think the endorsement matters, but because they need somebody who's showing insufficient skin in the game to blame. If Kamala Harris loses, they need somebody to blame, maybe it'll be Joel Stein, maybe it'll be the Russians, or maybe it'll just be the American people writ large.


But the Washington Post as good a candidate as any. Now we'll see how it works out for them. Usually the party that preemptively panics is the one that's losing. Alright, guys. Coming up while I was on break, Iran was struck by the Israeli Defense Force will bring you the latest there. If you're not a member, become member of Used Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Hey, shopping for pants. You're not alone. Jack Archer's. Jet setter Tech pants are basically the answer to every guy's closet struggles with their customizable fit, wrinkle free fabric sourced from Japan and all day comfort. These pans can take you from work to the weekend without missing a beat. Seriously, these might be the only pans you'll ever need. For a limited time, get 20% off when you use Code DailyWire at jack archer.com. That's jack archer.com promo code DailyWire.