
So let's try to think of worst case scenario for Democrats right now. Worst case scenario is not Joe Biden dropping out. If Joe Biden dropped out, they'd get Kamala Harris or somebody else and then they'd have a fresh race against Donald Trump. And worst case scenario is not really Joe Biden staying in because if he just stays in and everybody consolidates behind him, then he probably loses. But it doesn't have this massive down ballot effect. The worst case scenario for Democrats is not being sure it is in fact the worst case scenario because half the party, more than half the party wants Joe Biden out, Joe Biden and his family want him in. It's tearing the party apart. It's creating massive chaos inside the Democratic party and it is sinking Joe Biden's poll numbers and the rest of the Democratic Party.


And what Joe Biden has done over the course of the last couple of weeks is make that situation so much worse. So when you take a look at the polling data right now, the polling data is very consistent. It chose Donald Trump with a very consistent three to five point lead in the national polling data that is according to real clear politics. According to that real clear politics polling average Donald Trump is leading in the following battleground states, Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Georgia. He's within spitting distance in Virginia, New Hampshire, and even Minnesota, all of which is a disaster area for Joe Biden because the map is very, very broad for Donald Trump and it is extraordinarily narrow for Joe Biden. However, the Democratic party can't force the old man out and they can't force him out because despite the fact that he currently has a 32% approval rating, according to appeal research, 32% including a 27% approval rating among people aged 18 to 29, which is supposed to be his radical magical base.


Despite that fact, every so often there will be a sort of outlier poll that shows a dead heat between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. And that's enough for Joe Biden to believe that maybe he can pull this thing out. After all, a brand new Washington Post a BC news Ipsos poll released on Thursday found that Trump and Joe Biden are in a dead heat for the nation's popular vote. Those results almost mirror those of an A, B, C news Ipsos poll from April, in which registered voters favored Trump by two points 46 to 44 8% going someplace else. The big problem for congressional Democrats is if they want to oust Joe Biden, they're gonna need better data than that. And what they really need to do is somehow convince Dr.


Joe Biden, who is the driving force behind Joe Biden's logic that there's no way that Joe Biden can win. But there's no way to convince him of that because Joe Biden keeps thinking that whatever poll shortcomings he's having right now are due to the fact that his own base is not supporting him properly. According to Politico today, the first family remains committed to the campaign with First Lady Joe Biden and the president's son Hunter, both telling confidants they still believe the President is the only candidate who can beat Trump. According to two people familiar, the First Lady has also expressed fear that bowing out would make the Atlanta debate a defining image of her husband's presidency and outcome. She finds unacceptable. The people said Biden's sister. Valerie also remains committed to the campaign, but has not ruled out advocating changes if the race becomes damaging to her brother's health and legacy.


So in essence, all of the immediate family of Joe Biden is telling him to stay in. And Dr. Jill Biden, who has this bizarre image in her head that if Joe Biden steps down, that's gonna be much worse for him than if he runs and loses she's the one in his ear. Meanwhile, AIDS are bracing for a new wave of defections following Joe Biden's press conference that happened last night. But here's the thing. Joe Biden had his press conference last night. We'll get to in a minute. It wasn't as big a disaster area as many of the Biden critics had hoped. In fact, it was sort of best case scenario for Trump because if you are Donald Trump and the Republican Party and you want chaos inside the Democratic Party to maintain what you want is Joe Biden not to perform well, he's not capable of that anymore. What you want is for him to perform just not badly enough that he sticks around.


That is like best case scenario. He continues to divide the Democratic party and be terrible, but not quite terrible enough that he can take the old man and throw him off a bridge. That is the best thing that could happen to the Trump campaign right now. And that happens to be precisely what is happening. The leaks around the Biden White House are getting worse and worse and worse according to CNN. Yesterday, even before Biden made remarks at the George Clooney fundraiser, whispers of concern rippled through the audience at the Peacock Theater about the President who had just arrived from a long flight from Italy. He was less cogent than usual, said what attendee Who was surprised that during a smaller meeting with donors before the main event, Biden barely spoke. Instead, this person said he left virtually all of the talk to former President Barack Obama, which struck some guests as unusual f loquacious politician like Biden, but significantly worse than that back in Washington.


There have been clear signs throughout his term of Biden being increasingly stage managed with lists of talking points, names of questioners and drawings of where he should walk, presented to him by AIDS ahead of closed door cabinet meetings that Biden attends. It is customary for cabinet officials to submit questions and key talking points they plan to present in front of Biden, ahead of time to White House aids. You understand what that means? That means they haven't had a regular cabinet meeting for years inside the White House. You know one where everybody sort of comes in and informs the president and they have an interesting conversation about what's going on in the world. Nope. Instead they're submitting pre-written talking points to White House aids so they can then translate that into Dr. Seuss rhymes for the old man.


So apparently at the cabinet meetings, they're literally submitting pre-written talking points at the cabinet meetings, which is unbelievably stupid.


But you know what else is stupid? Not getting life insurance. You need to get life insurance. It is a smart thing to do. I hope Joe Biden has life insurance That dude's looking kind of peaking. Getting life insurance will give you peace of mind knowing that if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. Policy Genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for family easy and quick. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies starting just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Policygenius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers and find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Might not follow you if you leave your job. Policygenius works for you, not the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. Save time, save money. Provide your family with financial safety net using Policygenius. Head on over to Policygenius dot com slash shapiro to Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash shapiro.


The entire display is kind of an act. One of the sources told cnn, they would come and say, Hey, the president's gonna call on you 25 minutes in and ask this question, what are the bullet points you'll respond with? By the way, this just demonstrates everyone in the cabinet has been lying. They've all been lying. They're like in the meetings, Joe Biden is so sharp and he's really with it. They scripted the cabinet meetings. That's unthinkable. Have you ever had a meeting at your company that was prescripted, like full scale prescripted, where you and your aide, the people work at your company, you tell them like 25 minutes in, I need you to ask this question. I'm gonna answer you such and such. That has never once happened at our company. In fact, there are no functioning companies. It works like that. I've never even heard of a cabinet meeting working like that at the White House. It's even worse than that.


A second source who echoed that same description said, when Biden attends cabinet meetings, they're not freewheeling and pretty well orchestrated. The meetings themselves are infrequent with one cabinet secretary telling CNN, they're uncertain of Biden's condition because they so rarely see him. In fact, the last full cabinet meeting took place October 2nd, 2023. Okay, now note that date October 2nd, 2023. Did anything happen shortly thereafter that might have necessitated like a full cabinet meeting? Can you think of anything like October 2nd, 2023? Like say five days later, say like October 7th, 2023. He has not had a full cabinet meeting since before October 7th. That's how bad things are and it gets even worse than that.


You'll recall that just a couple of days ago, Joe Biden did an interview on Milwaukee Radio. This would be the interview where he infamously suggested that he was the first black vice president to the first black president. As we'll see in just a few minutes, he has some real trouble in labeling who exactly was vice president when and who the vice president is now. 'cause everything is going fine in Joe Biden's brain. It's all, it's all fine up there. But in that interview we then learned that the Biden White House had effectively prescripted all the questions with the host. They told them what questions to ask, but it gets even worse than that civic media. According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, a Wisconsin based progressive talk radio network said Thursday it had agreed to make two edits to an interview with Joe Biden at the request of his campaign.


Before the broadcast aired a decision the station said fell short of journalistic interview standards. The station said it stood by its popular host, Earl Ingram. But apparently the Biden campaign called and asked for two edits to the recording before it aired. Civic media management immediately decided to cut them. What exactly did they cut? Well, there was one statement where Joe Biden said, quote, I have more blacks in my administration than any other president. All other presidents combined and in major positions, cabinet positions. Okay, that sounds a little, little weird. Also, they cut out a comment that he made in which he suggested that Donald Trump had called for the hanging of the Central Park five.


So we now have the White House calling up journalistic outlets and literally cutting things out of interviews before they air solid stuff here from this pre-scripted, pathetic White House. So all of this leading up to last night was building. It was really building article after article after article talking about the build inside the Democratic camp against Joe Biden, the massive problem they were having. The New York Times reported yesterday afternoon. Biden advisors weigh how to convince him to end his campaign. President Biden found himself increasingly isolated on Thursday as a small group of his longtime aids and advisors have become convinced he'll have to make what they see as the painful but inevitable decision to abandon his campaign for reelection.


According to three people who have been briefed on the matter in recent days, the group has been trying to come up with ways to persuade Biden to step aside from the campaign. Those discussions were encountered by three people familiar with them who, like others in this article, spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss a sensitive situation. There's no indication that any of the discussions have reached Biden himself. According to one of the informed people at the center of it all is Mr. Biden who's convinced he's the only one who can beat former president Donald J. Trump. So again, his aides are themselves leaking like fury. Everywhere that Biden needs to leave the race, the people closest to the President remain adamant. Biden will stay in the race according to the New York Times.


But it is a massive problem and it is a burgeoning problem. It's not just the New York Times NBC news quote. No one involved in the effort thinks he has a path. Biden insiders say the writing is on the wall. The set of Democrats who think he should reconsider his decision to stay in the race has grown to include AIDS operatives and officials tasked with guiding his campaign to victory. According to Jonathan Allen, Natasha Krei and Carol Lee, quote, several of President Joe Biden's closest allies, including three people directly involved in efforts to reelect him, told NBC news. They now see his chances of winning as zero, not close to zero zero, and the likelihood of him taking on fellow Democratic candidates growing he needs to drop out. When Biden campaign official said he will never recover from this for two weeks, Biden has struggled to stabilize his campaign following a late June debate debacle.


His ongoing cleanup effort has done little to reassure lawmakers and party officials. Instead, the reverse is happening. And indeed, just yesterday, two more house Democrats called for him to step down. One house Democrat went so far, has to actually call for him to quit the presidency entirely. Forget about the race, the actual presidency, which by the way is the only honest answer. If you believe that he is not up to this race, then you also believe he's not up to the job of being president of the United States. Meanwhile, in advance of Joe Biden's Big Boy Press conference, this is the big story yesterday, is that Joe Biden all week long had been touting how he was gonna stand strong at his Big boy press conference. Again, I didn't coin that term. The White House literally used it. 'cause they're awful at their job.


Awful. They're doing the full on Huggies. I'm a big kid now as Joe Biden poops his pants. So they called a big boy press conference for Thursday evening, and there's a lot of buildup, a lot of buildup, in fact, so much buildup that according to Politico House Democrats were preparing to break with Biden if he tanks his NATO press conference. Democratic lawmakers are making contingency plans there, right in case Joe Biden tanks, his highly anticipated solo press conference later Thursday with at least a half dozen lawmakers preparing to go public against the president. According to six people familiar with discussions, three of those lawmakers had already drafted statements according to two people who had been briefed on conversations. This is a moment that will make a difference. Said Representative Dan Kde of Michigan, who's retiring from his Michigan swing seat this fall among house Democrats.


There's a pervasive sense of panic about Biden at the top of the ticket, but there's a deep divide internally about hand how to handle the situation. Many are privately skeptical that any number of Democratic affections would convince Biden to leave the ticket, calling it delusional. Others insist a large enough groundswell could make a difference pointing to house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi, who could theoretically relay concerns to Biden himself. Regardless, all Democrats agree on one thing, the party is running out of time to come up with a strategy to help them defeat Trump and take back the house. In November, representative Brittany Peterson of Colorado Democrats that Biden's NATO pressor is part of a bigger picture of whether he's able to answer unscripted questions. Meanwhile, major democratic donors are putting an end to their fundraising.


They're putting it on ice until at the very least they find out whether Joe Biden is gonna be at the top of the ticket. One Democratic donor named John Morgan, a Florida attorney, major donor to Democrats, told CNN's Abby Philip, he had paused in the end of summer fundraiser planned for Joe Biden due to uncertainty about whether Biden was even gonna be on the ticket. So again, all of this has been building for two weeks. It should have been building for years given the fact that the president is not only wildly unpopular in terms of policy, but also is gone in terms of his senescence. He is toast in terms of his brain. But all of this really came down to yesterday. So yesterday was all about his performance at nato. Now the good news for Joe Biden is the bar has been set so low, so unbelievably low by his debate that if he is in at any point a little bit conscious, it appears to be a win.


He barely passed that bar


yesterday. Well, Joe Biden is falling apart. But you know what? You need to preserve your business. When we started The Daily Wire, the biggest question mark was what we would do for hr. We were so focused on creating good content, it was difficult to find a managing professional capable of handling day-to-Day HR tasks. If this sounds like you, you need to talk to my friends over at Bambi. With Bambi, you're not just getting an HR manager, you're gonna dedicated partner who's available by phone, email, and real time chat. They'll handle crucial tasks like employee onboarding, terminations, and performance reviews. With Bambi's HR Autopilot feature, you can streamline essential HR practices like employee training and feedback procedures, freeing up time for what really matters to your business. All of Bambi's HR managers are based in the United States and can support the nuances across all 50 states. HR managers can easily cost 80 grand annually, but Bambi starts just 99 bucks monthly. So in a matter of the size of your business, Bambi can work for you. Don't wait another minute. Schedule your free consultation by visiting bam bee.com right now. Type Ben Shapiro under podcast when you sign up. Spelled B-A-M-B-E e.com. That's bam bee.com. Type in Ben Shapiro to get started. Bam bee.com Type in Ben Shapiro.


So going into the day, world leaders were already signaling their concerns. According to Politico nervous world leaders greet Biden at nato. You're worried if he knows which direction he's going, which is always a good look. According to Politico, the contrast couldn't be starker. President Joe Biden, physically and politically frail, presiding over what could be his final NATO summit. At a moment when the alliance has never been so strong, NATO officials are both saddened how Biden's fortunes have turned and frustrated. The storyline has distracted from what was to be a celebratory summit. They're also increasingly resigned to his defeat this November. Now the reality is that the Europeans and I'm, I'm talking about a bunch of people who are at all the parties with the Europeans I diplomats at this NATO summit. And what they're saying is that the Europeans behind closed doors, they're not all that worried about Trump.


They already had him as president. They can work with Trump, they know they can work with Trump. All this sort of end of world Europe is on fire nonsense. It's not true. And as it turns out, Joe Biden has been all horrible foreign policy president, one senior European diplomat said quote, everyone's focusing on Biden's appearance unless on Trump's statements about nato. And that's true. Again, it is not just people who are saying this. Behind closed doors, perhaps the most hilarious video of the day came courtesy of Georgia Maloney, who's the prime minister of Italy. So Joe Biden showed up late to an event and Georgia Maloney started rolling her eyes and glancing at her fake watch That doesn't exist.


There she is, she's let to get her watch and she's annoyed that Biden isn't showing up. And finally she's like, rolls her eyes. Massive eye roll crosses her eyes. She's like, I can't believe this schmuck. And, and again, not a rare occurrence, unfortunately on the international scene these days, we, we kept hearing about how Donald Trump was an embarrassment internationally, I'm, I'm gonna tell you a secret guys, the dead president, usually dead presidents appear on dollar bills, not still in the White House. Meanwhile, Biden did an event with Keir Starr, who is the newly elected prime minister of, of Great Britain. And I gotta say, I don't know what's going on with Joe Biden's face at this point. It ain't good.


Congratulations ain't good. What is he doing? What is he doing? What is this weird old man doing? What is that weird old man face? It's just terrible. It looks like a parody of himself. That however, was all lead up to the worst moment of Biden in the NATO conference. And that was his introduction to Vladimir Zelensky, the leader with whom he has been closely allied in the Ukraine versus Russia war. This is about as big a screw up on an international stage, as I have seen it's really quite bad. Here is Joe Biden yesterday And now I wanna hand it over to the president of Ukraine who has as much courage as he has.


Determination, ladies and gentlemen, president Putin, Number one, claps. And then he's like, we're Gonna beat President Putin. He's gonna defeat Zelensky, he's gonna defeat President Putin. I'm so focused on beating Putin, we gotta worry about it anyway, Mr. President, I'm better. You are a hell lot better. Zelensky is like, I cannot believe this. I cannot believe this. I mean that is the equivalent of during World War II Churchill visiting and FDR being like, oh, I'd like to welcome to the podium Adolf Hitler. And you're like, what in the world? What? Huh? Really? So not a good look. Okay. And that was all leading up again to this big presser.


So the presser was originally scheduled for 5:30 PM Eastern time. Then we were told a little bit earlier in the day that it would be 6:30 PM Eastern time. So we all tuned in at six 30. Then we were told it would be at 7:00 PM Eastern time. And then finally we were told it would be at 7:30 PM Eastern Time. When it finally went off, it was kinda close to eight, it was around eight that the thing finally went off. And Joe Biden didn't die. But again, this is how low the standards are. We're gonna play a bunch of the audio of Joe Biden at this press conference. 'cause this was the turn it around moment. This is the moment when Joe's gonna turn into smoking. Joe. He's gonna come out gunning, he's gonna be strong and powerful and no, but again, the standard was death.


So he comes out and the first thing he does, he just starts babbling nonsensically. and it is like a couple of minutes in and he's, and he's talking and he just starts garbling his speech. I directed the intelligence community to be dec a significant amount of intelligence to be declassified so I could start building an international coalition to oppose the invasion. Then in February, some of you remember I warned the world that the invasion was imminent. I rallied a coalition of 50 nations from Europe to Asia to help Ukraine defend itself. My foreign policy ma, many foreign policy experts thought as Putin amassed Russian forces just 100 miles north of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine.


But he thought he Putin thought it was the mother home of Russia. Inspiring words from an inspiring leader. By the way, that's him on teleprompter. He said he started off with this little speech about Ukraine and foreign policy and the economy. All of that was designed to sort of get him in his groove. And now he was ready to take questions. So the first thing he mentions is that it will not in fact be like a normal press conference where he just calls on people randomly. Nope. He has a list of reporters he's gonna call on, presumably prescreened by his team. Now we don't know whether they had submitted their questions in advance. That's something we know that has happened in the past. I would assume in this case not. I will say that the press court is absolutely awful at their job.


None of them asked about, you know, no cabinet meetings for nine months. None of them asked about the fact that Joe Biden's White House literally called to edit radio interviews this week. None of them asked about the prognosis on whether he has any form of Parkinson's. For example, none of them asked about why Hunter Biden a convicted felon and longtime crack addict is now in the inner circle and attending like cabinet meetings. And these would all be good questions. The press didn't ask any of those. Instead they stayed well within the boundaries of civility, shall we say.


Well, the press are not doing a very responsible job, but you know it is responsible Responsible Man vitamins. So 248 years ago, July 4th, 1770 6, 56 men signed their names to a promise of a better future. This month, Responsible Man Vitamins is honoring these brave men with their first ever 1776 sale. For a limited time, try the Responsible Man multivitamin for just 1776. That's over 30% off, plus an additional $10 savings for July only while supplies last. Listen, most men's health products that kind of suck, they're either two woke or made for grandpa. What you need is the new Emerson multivitamin from Responsible Man take charge of your life and your responsibilities become, as Teddy Roosevelt said, the man in the arena who strives valiantly. Now more than ever, our country needs strong and good men. That starts with a simple daily discipline added to your morning routine. The Emerson multivitamin. The multivitamin is robust and made with 33 key ingredients that help to support your immune system, sharpen brain cognition and support heart and muscle health. It's made in America. It even comes in an awesome black tin. This July, let Responsible Man help you live up to the legacy of the courageous men who have come before us. Visit Responsible Man dot com. Take advantage of their 1776 sale. Get your first order of multivitamins for just 1776. That's over 30% off, plus an additional $10 savings to the best price they've ever offered. That's Responsible Man dot com for their 1776 sale.


So here was Joe Biden mentioning that he has a pre-selected list of reporters. He was going to ask, which is typically not the way you do a presser. I'll take your questions. I've been given a list of people to call on the call out here. Why? Why? Look, he says the quiet part out loud. Why not just do it? By the way, who gave him the list? How was that list compiled? Okay, even so, he still starts screwing things up. So trending on Twitter all last night was the term Vice President Trump. I know what you're thinking. Donald Trump has never been vice president, right? You are, but you're not the current president of the United States who apparently doesn't know either that Trump is not the vice president or that his current vice president is a cringe-worthy human named Kamala Harris.


Here is Joe Biden trying to talk about Kamala Harris. Somehow talking about Trump. I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president that I think she was not qualified to be president. So yesterday we learned that Donald Trump is the vice president under Joe, Biden learning many things. We are in this new magical era of Joe Biden's dementia. We do have some pretty astonishing tape of the cabinet. So Tony Blinken, Lloyd Gate, Lloyd Austin, the Secretary of Defense, they, they're all sitting there as this happened. Here is an outtake of them reacting as he calls Vice President Harris, vice President Trump.


I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president. Look at don't bla, he got smack in the head. She's not be president. Oh boy. Let's start there. They'll start number like gripping their jaws. The fact Is that They can't believe this. The consider not again, Lloyd Austin looks like he's still in a coma from that time he was in the hospital. There's a really strong stuff there from the cabinet. It, it's just Veep. Everything is Veep. Okay, so Biden was asked about mixing up Zelensky and Putin, and his answer was not magical. I wanted to ask you about your, you mixed up president's, Zelensky and Putin earlier today, and you now have sort of your key allies, including the British Prime Minister, the President of France, the German chancellor, having to step in and make excuses for you on that.


And officials here are saying off the record, that your decline has become noticeable. Hasn't this now frankly, become damaging for America's standing in the world? Thank You. Did you see any damage our standing in my leading this conference? Yes. Have you seen a more successful conference? Yes. What do you think? And the move, the Putin piece. I was talking about Putin and I said, and now at the very end I said, here, I mean Putin. I said, no, I'm sorry, Zelensky. Yeah. Solid stuff there. I had with their names, Solid stuff there from the president of the United States. I like video gets all mad. Well, I mean, yes, if there were one off, you just screwed 'em up one time, that wouldn't be a big deal. But you screw up all the time.


Like it happens all the time. That was the only tough question you really faced. He was asked about having to go to bed earlier because he literally told donors he would start going to bed earlier. Is that that That's not true. That's not true. It's not even possible to go to bed earlier than five o'clock in the afternoon. Presidency is the most straining job in the world. And it's 24 7. How can you say you'll be up for that next year in two years, in four years, given the limits you've acknowledged that you have today? The limits I've acknowledged I have, There's been reporting that you've acknowledged that you need to go to bed earlier and your evening around eight. That's not true.


Look, what I said was, instead of my every day starting at seven and going to bed at midnight, it'd be smarter for me to pace myself a little more. And I said, for example, the 8, 7, 6 stuff, instead of starting a fundraiser at nine o'clock, start at eight o'clock, people get to go home by 10 o'clock. That's what I'm talking about. What that is not what you're talking about. And by the way, when is the last time he did like anything of note beyond 9:00 PM at night? It's not a thing. He was asked about lack of neurological tests. Are you going to do one? He's like, I'm not gonna do a neurological test.


Everything is fine. My favorite part is when he suggested, no one has even asked him for a neurological test. You mean other than all of humanity? Sure. I mean, other than every other human on earth. I, I suppose that's true. I've laid every bit of the record out. Hadn't done had a hidden a thing ought to ask Trump for his, okay. I I laid it all out. And every single day I am surrounded by good docs. If they think there's a problem, I promise you. Or even if they don't think it's a problem, they think I should have a neurological exam again. I'll do it. No one's suggesting that to me. Now. I'm tested every single day by my neurological capacity to do decisions I make every day.


You talk to my staff, all of you talk to my staff. Sometimes my staff talks a lot. And what they say a lot is that you probably should have a neurological exam.


Well, Joe Biden, he doesn't want any neurological tests. He doesn't want tests of any kind. But you know who's gonna test you? The IRS. Because if you haven't paid back taxes, if you've got those unfiled returns, the IRS will come after you. And they don't care how many times you say you don't need a test, they'll still come after you. The IRS is escalating collections by adding 20,000 new agents and sending millions of demand letters. Handling this alone can be a large mistake and cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is tax Network USA With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions in back taxes regardless of the size of your tax issue. Their expertise is your advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance and settlement. Upon signing up tax network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or you're missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax. Debt. Collection season has begun. Tax Network USA can help with state tax issues as well for a complimentary consultation, call today at one eight hundred two four five 6,000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 802 4 5 6,000. or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Don't let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network. USA.


He, he did have a few malfunctions during this presser. Again, this is the best of Biden. Understand this is as good as it's gonna get for him. So whatever shortcomings you are sensing from this presser, this is like him at his tip top, A plus apex game here. He was having a slow malfunction. And I think you'll see that some of our European friends are going to be curtailing their invol investment in Russia. I mean in, excuse me, in in China. As long as China continues to have this indirect success help to Russia in terms of being able to help their economy as well as, as well as help them in as a consequence that their ability to fight in, in, in Ukraine.


I want like a sentence diagram on that one. Like anyone follow that? That, that, that is a ball of yarn. That particular sentence. Joe Biden did admit that he's doing things that leads him catching hell from his wife. And that I would not doubt one moment that he catches hell from his wife, Dr. Jill, the greatest doctrine, all the land on a fairly regular basis. I love my staff, but to add things, add things all the time. Very end. I'm catching hell from my wife. Anyway. Anyway, there was a lot of weighing, a lot of weighing. He also admitted at one point that he's following the advice of his commander in chief.


What he meant here was the chairman of the joint Chiefs of staff. But apparently someone else is president, which is probably true. And it's probably the same lady. He's catching hell from, I'm following the advice of my commander in chief, my, my my of the chief of staff of the military as well as the Secretary of Defense and our intelligence people. Hmm. Hmm. Well, in the end it doesn't really matter because he says he's not gonna go. He says he's not gonna go. He says, theoretically you could be at the convention and people could decide they don't wanna vote for me, even though they're my delegates, but it's not going to happen. And what Joe, Biden presser would be complete without some creepy whispering. If I may, your convention is coming up where your delegates are pledged to make you the official nominee.


If they have second thoughts, are they free to vote their conscience? Obviously they're free to do whatever they want, but I get overwhelming support, overwhelming support. I won How, I forget how many votes I won in the primary. Overwhelming. And so tomorrow, if all of a sudden I show up at the convention, everybody says we want somebody else. That's democratic process. It's not gonna happen. Oh, Well w would you like a little bit more creepy whispering? Because I have more for you. If, if that's the sort of thing you enjoy and, and it doesn't give you nightmares. Here he is explaining that literally no one thinks that he can't win.


No one except for all the Democrats coming out and saying he shouldn't run You earlier explained confidence in your vice president. Yes. If your team came back and showed you data that she would fare better against former President Donald Trump, would you reconsider your decision to stay in the race? No. Unless they came back and said, there's no way you can win me. No one's saying that. No. Paul says that. Okay. This, this says tonight's press conference. Thanks everybody. Weird smile. Weird smile.


He is a creepy elderly fellow. No one's saying, how'd you like that coming at you at three in the morning? Well, good news, it won't happen 'cause he's asleep by 8:00 PM He did say that the polling data are premature. So he was asked about the fact that he iss losing all the polls. So then he mischaracterized all the polling data and said that, that that premature, he in fact said the race had not even begun yet. Which is weird since you already had a debate, my bud. How accurate does anybody think the polls are these days? Pretty accurate. I can give you a series of polls where you have likely voters, me versus Trump where I win all the time. Nope, You cannot. The unlikely voters of vote he wins sometimes.


So bottom line is all the polling data right now, which I think is premature because the campaign really hasn't even started. It started a little, I mean by a little. I mean, it's like we're pretty deep into it at this point. You know, we've done some whispering, but we would not be complete without some yelling. Right? You gotta get the full gamut of the Joe Biden experience. Again, this was his best press conference. This was him at like his finest as we'll. Learn from a celebratory media here. He was just randomly yelling about gun control. This is one of my favorite things is when he ratchets up the pa ter to like 11, he's got nothing in the tank and he is like, just ratchet. I think, ah, here we go. We're sitting around. That's where Kamala is so good as well. We're sitting around.


More children are killed by that bullet than any other cause of death. The United States of America. What the hell are we doing? What are we doing? What are you doing? What are we doing? What are you doing? Why are you yelling at people? What, what the hell is happening? This thing did conclude with somebody asking him, you know, Donald Trump is like contemporaneously, like right now, this minute mocking you for mixing up Zelensky and Putin and calling him the vice president of the United States. How do you respond? And Joe Biden gave a cryptically weird answer.


Respectfully, earlier you misspoke. In your opening answer, you referred to Vice President Harris as Vice President Trump. Right now. Donald Trump is using that to mock your age and your memory. How do you combat that criticism from tonight's Listen to him. This concludes tonight's press conference. Thank you everybody. Thanks everyone. I think I, I think what he meant, I think what he was trying to say there to, to was, was that you should, is that, that somehow Donald Trump is more incoherent than he is, but the way it came out is that he wants you to listen to Donald Trump mocking him. Things are going great, things are going great over it. But, but you know what, here's the thing for Biden, they are going great in the sense that he did just enough to ensure that he gets over the next time, the next 24 hour period.


Get to more on this in a moment. 'cause the fallout is delicious.


First, it has been a whirlwind week here at The Ben Shapiro Show. So let me catch you up. Monday was the premier of my new three part series, Kamala Kamala Harris Unmasked. This expose uncovers the truth about Harris from her calculated California climb towards disastrous vice presidency. It's available for you to watch for free on Daily Wire Plus. Then on Wednesday, I testified before Congress about a report confirming what we've known all along and global cartel is threatening to control what you see and hear in the media. It sounds like a conspiracy theory, except they say it pretty much right out there in the open. The evidence shows The, Daily, Wire, Joe Rogan, Fox News and others are being targeted for not towing the left wing line. All of this is yet another reminder that at The Daily Wire, we don't just complain about problems. We see, we act to try to fix them, but we can only keep fighting with your support. Not a Daily Wire Plus member yet. Well, please, please help us out. Go to DailyWire dot com, use code, fight for 25% off your membership. Let's fight the left and build the future.


Also, this Sunday, we'll release a brand new episode of the Sunday special with Mike Rowe. You probably know him as the dirtiest man on TV from the Emmy award winning TV series, dirty Jobs. We discuss what it means to be a patriot, why we should appreciate American exceptionalism. We also explored the implications of AI on white collar workers and forgotten institutions of community in American's lives. Here's a bit of the trailer, The math goes like this. Every year, five skilled trades people retire four every five who retire to replace them. So we're, we're seeing an incredible lack of interest and enthusiasm around these skilled trades. I guess my answer is it's true inflation. Super bad. The cost of college an enormous problem.


But the entrepreneur who took the time to master a skill that's in demand is crushing it in this economy and nobody's talking about them. Don't miss this awesome episode of the Sunday Special with Mike Rowe. Okay, meanwhile, so the fallout, the fallout, so the fallout is the Democrats dunno what to do, which is like the best case scenario for Trump because on the one hand you have reports from CBS news that dozens of Democrats in the house are preparing to come out and blast Biden and say he needs to stop. On the other hand, you have members of the media saying that Joe Biden is just as amazing as he ever was.


He's just insanely good, just incredible. The Washington Post, their headline today, top of their website, quote, Biden shows foreign policy depth in news conference with a few stumbles. Okay? If by foreign policy depth you mean that he, he clowned himself. I mean, his takes on Israel in this particular news conference were so delusional. They're beyond the pale of his normal levels of delusion. He was asked if he would've done anything differently in the conflict. And then he talked about how he had done the right thing by depriving Israel of weaponry in the middle of the war. Didn't mention one thing about hostages, and then pretended that Hamas was not popular in the West Bank. Like he, he's just, he's just wrong on everything. Foreign policy related. It's possible to be wrong about, but again, the point is the media reaction.


So you got the Washington Post backing him up. He's doing amazing. Meanwhile, the Democratic National Committee chair Jamie Harrison, he says, you know, this whole zelensky Putin Vice President Trump thing, it's all just nitpicking. Is it really a big deal? Now, I know whether or not Joe Biden stumbles over things or has a stutter. I mean, hell, I sometimes I can't even remember my kids' names because I'm so tired, right? So we've gotta stop But, let just, we gotta stop the nitpicking, okay? And then focus on, on, on the work ahead. This guy has done, I disagree with you, but he's done in the past. I, I get You. But Democrats are still split. They're not really sure what to do. Rachel Maddow says, Joe Biden is a master of foreign policy, just a master, I mean, just a, a magician, a wizard of foreign policy.


But he presents it badly, says Rachel Maddow. He is a master of the foreign policy field and has been for decades in his career in the Senate, the Vice President and the presidency. And yet he undercuts his own presentation of those facts simply in the way that he presents them with his self interrupting and elliptical style. The very soft spoken monotone that he sometimes uses. There's a style, there's a, there's a big mismatch between his stylistic presentation and his truly masterful command of the subject matter Masterful Command on the subject. That was the, the main focus of this, this presser, which was foreign policy. Okay? Then Mado went into the fact that he had said that there's no way that he's losing.


And she's like, well, maybe he doesn't have the relevant data. I think that the, the what, what Nicole points out about the, the reality about polling numbers for incumbent presidents and, and the, the, the real history of that versus what President Biden said, which was not actually factually accurate as far as I can tell. That's worrying because it makes me worry that the president is being given information about his political standing that may not be based in reality. That may be sunnier than is real. Yeah. But on the other hand, joy Reed is very much in his camp. She says, no, no, no, he was awesome. He was just normal old Joe. The guy that we just saw for the last hour is definitely not someone who is considering leaving the race.


He sided the polls showing that there's no, no data that he's seen that says that he can't win. He was very praiseworthy of Kamala Harris of Vice President Harris as he should be, and said some really warm and good things about her. But he also said, even though that he believes that she is clearly qualified to be president and that's why he chose her. Even if someone showed him data that showed that she did better than him, unless he sees data that he can't win, this doesn't sound like a man that's thinking about getting out. Okay? So again, the divide in the Democratic party is being exacerbated and as political reports, there's still Democrats who are gonna call for him to get out. In fact, just after the press conference wrapped up, there were more Democratic lawmakers who called for Biden to step aside.


Representative Scott Peters of California put out a statement saying quote, today, I asked President Biden to withdraw from the presidential campaign. The stakes are high and we are in a losing course. Just minutes earlier, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, representative Jim Hymes of Connecticut, called on Biden to step aside in a post on x purple District Representative Eric Sorenson of Illinois wrote on x, I'm hopeful President Biden will step aside in his campaign for president. One house Democrat watching the appearance responded to the flub of Vice President Trump. He said, unreal. But he said, obviously much better. Second half, another Democrat texted about the Trump moment. Ouch. Overall, he sounded coherent by calling Zelensky President Putin and Harris at VP Trump overshadows the rest of his time.


That lawmaker added still, it wasn't as bad as some Democrats feared. Biden flexed his foreign policy chops, including his role on expanding NATO and defended his record of legislative accomplishments. Wholly bleep, he's on fire. Texted one eight as Biden lit into Trump's record, asked about his ability to do the job. The president said, there's no indication he's slowing down. He said, I wanna finish. It looks and sounds 100% better than he did at the last debate. One house Democrats said in a text, adding Biden was almost as good as his last State of the Union appearance. Talk too long. But if this had been the debate, none of the last two weeks would've happened. Oh good. Honestly, good. As I have said before, we do a prayer at our synagogue every week for the health of the president of the United States and never has that prayer been more ardently said than today When Joe Biden is busy losing his real act to Donald Trump and if he dropped out of the race, it would be a significantly different race.


So I hope that he should, he should live, he should be healthy and he should just be just solid enough, like, just solid enough that Democrats can't get rid of him. Meanwhile, Democrats are hedging their bets. They're thinking about Kamala Harris. Apparently the Biden administration has been poll testing Kamala Harris, which is weird. Like if they're not interested in getting rid of Biden, then why exactly are they spending their time poll testing Kamala Harris? But apparently they are. The problem of course that Kamala Harris is really, really bad at this. So she was on the campaign trail. She was talking about how Joe is a fighter, which, I mean, dude can't punch his way out of a paper bag at this point. But sure, One thing we know about our president, Joe Biden, is that he is a fighter.


He's a fighter and he is the first to say, when you get knocked down, you get back up. You get back up. So we will continue to fight and we will continue to organize and in November we will win. Okay? But there's one problem. Kamala Harris is utterly charmless and she, I don't know what it is, she has the weird, this weird verbal tick where she talks about exploring possibilities unburdened by what has been like she, she just does it over and over and over. She sounds like Kylo Ren from the Last Jedi. She's like, well, if we get rid of all the old people, then we'll be unburdened by the past and we can explore the future to get, that's like the bad guy message.


That's the bad guy message in the Last Jedi terrible movie. But apparently Kamala Harris was in it here. She was doing the routine again with the full facial expressions, with the hands, the whole thing. Aye, yay. They taught us that we could do anything, Anything And should never be Burdened, never burdened By the limitations of other people to be able or not be able to see what can be. And this is that community who understands and can see what is possible, unburdened by what has been unburdened, By what has been, wanna, wanna go into the future, which is where that's where we go forward that into that future, not backward into the, the past.


Like with the time machine unburdened by what has been woohoohoo. That's a delight. Honestly, best presidential insurance Joe Biden ever had was making that lady vice President Jen Psaki, trying to make fetch happen. Here she is now trying to talk herself into the idea that Kamala Harris won't be a terrible candidate if Joe Biden has to drop Kamala Harris. She vice the vice president. I'm gonna call her vice president now 'cause I keep calling her. She is like an, in my view, an undervalued talent. She's a very fierce communicator. She's very strong, especially on one of the core issues that made the election maybe won, lost some, which is abortion rights, you know?


And they said, this is why I think what she did out did a couple of interviews after the debate. People were, I was sitting on the set with a bunch of other M-S-N-B-C-A anchors and we were like, everyone's like, that was great. It's like, yeah, yeah, she was, that's what she's doing out in the country. And nobody is really tracking it. It's just that's who she is. But there is a character out there. There is, it's almost like public opinion hasn't caught up with what she's doing out there. And also we live in a country that is sexist and racist. So like there is that, not everybody at all, but there is a level of it that does impact elections. Hmm. It's the sexism and the racism. That's the reason no one likes her.


Not that she's utterly charmless and horrifying at her job. Really keep going with this guys. You're doing just great. You're just doing awesome. Okay. Well there is one sort of last hope for Joe Biden, and that is maybe Jerome Powell will save him. So, according to the Wall Street Journal, US inflation is substantially in June extending a recent slowdown in price increases that clears the path for the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates by the end of the summer. Why? Just in time for the election, almost as if it's on queue. The consumer price index, a measure of goods and services costs across the economy fell slightly from May, dropping the year over year inflation rate to 3%, which was the lowest since June, 2023. Now again, you'll notice that the year over year inflation rate is supposed to be 2%. So it's still 50% too high.


Nonetheless, they're now talking once again about cutting rates, core prices, excluding volatile food, food, and energy items seen as a better gauge of underlying inflation rose 0.1% since May. That was the mildest increase since January, 2021 when you know who took office altogether. The report showed prices cooled broadly in the second quarter, and were below economists expectations the reverse of what happened in the first three months of the year when inflation was surprisingly brisk. The report keeps the door wide open to a September interest rate Cut. No, you shock me. You shock me. You mean Jerome Powell might cut rates just in time for Joe Biden's. End of run. No, investors don't expect the Fed to lower interest rates in July, but they're looking at a September cut.


Hmm. I I can't believe it. Why? It's so convenient. It's just so convenient. I mean, nevermind the fact that again, the inflation is still running 50% too high. We gotta cut those interest rates just in time for the election and hopefully jog Joe Biden to victory. But don't worry, it's all apolitical. Meanwhile, while Joe Biden continues to tout the magic of nato, the actual increasingly awesome strength of nato, NATO still is not providing Ukraine. The actual necessary resources for accounts are offensive this year. According to the New York Times, despite billions of dollars in additional weapons and security assistance, NATO announced this week, allied officials said Ukraine would not be ready to launch a dramatic counter offensive or retake large swaths of territory from Russia until next year.


Donations of missiles, combat vehicles, ammunition, air defenses from the United, States and European countries will take weeks if not months to reach the front lines. Some of the newly committed weapons have not yet been bought or built. So good news, I'm, I'm so glad that Joe Biden slow walked all of this stuff. I mean, he slow walked it to Israel also. And I don't know what this administration has against our allies actually winning or being provided the weaponry necessary to cut the best possible deal with Russia per se. But they're doing it now belatedly as always. Apparently several allies have promised new assistance, but it was not clear when any of the material would be delivered.


Ukraine's military is already using drones produced by its defense industry to strike targets inside of Russia, but there are not enough of them. So hopefully the NATO summit will end with more of a commitment to provide the kind of military pressure necessary to reach an off ramp. With regard to Russia, Joe Biden's, slow walking of the aid certainly did not help here. Alrighty, coming up, we're going to jump into the Wanted Ben Shapiro Show mailbag. If you're not a member, become member of use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Do you know what big tech and big government have in common? They both like silencing, dissenting voices. It's one of their things. Let's say that you're a proud gun owner and you wanna talk on social media about the right to bear arms. Well, good shot. Your post will be flagged by a content moderator. You might end up on some kind of government watch list to fight back against having your voice censored by both big tech and big government. I recommend Expressive VPN Big Tech tracks. Everything you do online, what you're searching for, the videos you watch, everything you click, they can can match your activity to your true identity using your device's unique IP address. But when I use Express VPN, they can't see my IP address at all. My identity is anonymized by a secure VPN server plus express VPN encrypts 100% of my internet data for protection from hackers and Eavesdrops Express. VPN is by far the best. VPN I've tried is the VPN rated number one by CNET The Verge, and countless other tech publications. The thing I love most about Express, VPN Super easy to use, the app has one button. You tap it, you're protected. It's that simple. Stop letting big tech and big government censor and track you defend your right to protect yourself@expressatvpn.com slash ben. That's X-P-R-S-S vpn.com/ben To get three months for free, visit express vpn.com/ben to learn more.