
Welcome to Ben After Dark, the show where I say all the things I probably shouldn't. Welcome celebrity guests to play games and answer weird questions sent to us by weird people. I hate hot chicken. It's sarcasm. It's chaos. Not that big of a deal, right? It's the only show where I can destroy something, not because it's wrong, but just because it mildly annoys me. It's everything I've always wanted. Show airs on Friday night, 7:30 PM Eastern. I know not exactly late night unless you're Joe Biden, in which case it's three hours past mandatory pudding, only on Daily Wire, Plus only for members. Ben, after dark a ton.


Coming up on today's show, president Trump's massive foreign policy triumph, a ceasefire now achieved between Iran and Israel, ending what he calls the 12 Day War. Massive victory for Israel. Massive victory for America. Biggest victory for President Trump will get into all the permutations of that, how it happened, what's going on right now, and how about that horseshoe, right that decided that the left was right and President Trump actually wasn't MAGA enough.


But first, there's a lot happening in the world right now. You may have noticed a lot you need to be aware of, and more than ever, you need the truth, the real story behind the headlines. There's only one place you're going to go to get it. Daily Wire Plus become a member. Get ad free shows and unfiltered opinions from the most trusted voices in conservative media, investigative journalism that cuts through the narrative. Don't miss a moment. Go to Daily Wire Plus dot com and join today.


So President Trump has done one of the most magnificent things that I've seen any president do as we'll get to a little bit later on in the show. There are a lot of warnings that he was about to enter us into World War iii. I always thought that that was idiotic, and I'll tell you how idiotic I thought that was in just a little while. But late last night, president Trump announced via truth social that a ceasefire had been reached. He said, quote, congratulations to everyone. It has been fully agreed by and between Israel and Iran, that there'll be a complete and total ceasefire in approximately six hours from now when Israel and Iran have wound down and completed their in progress final missions for 12 hours, at which point the war will be considered ended. Officially, Iran will start the ceasefire, and upon the 12th hour, Israel will start the ceasefire, and upon the 24th hour, an official end to the 12 Day War will be saluted by the world during each ceasefire.


The other side will remain peaceful and respectful on the assumption that everything works as it should, which it will. I'd like to congratulate both countries, Israel and Iran, on having the stamina, courage, and intelligence to end what should be called the 12 Day War. This is a war that could have gone on for years and destroyed the entire Middle East, but it didn't and never will. God bless Israel. God bless Iran. God bless the Middle East. God bless the United States of America and God bless the world. Donald J. Trump, president of the United States of America. So let's begin with this. President Trump has achieved in the last week and a half, the complete destruction of the Iranian nuclear capacity. Israel with American backing has achieved the large scale destruction of Iran's ballistic missile capacity. Its ballistic missile launchers.


Israel on its own destroyed the entire top layer of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps in Iran. The IRGC Israel took out the top nuclear scientists. So worst case scenario, what you are talking about here, along with President Trump's authorization, his courageous authorization of that B two strike on Fordo, what you are talking about is setting back the Iranian nuclear regime by a decade, maybe more, maybe permanently, because even if they still have some leftover remnants of their nuclear machinery, even if they somehow still have some enriched uranium, they've squirreled away somewhere. They can't actually enrich it more. They don't have the centrifuges to do it, they don't have the factories to do it.


They don't have the scientific knowhow to do it. All of that is gone, and the United States achieved all of that without losing a single soldier, not one that is a piece of magnificent statecraft, truly magnificent statecraft by the president of the United States. The 12 Day War is indeed over. Now, there are a bunch of sparks last night. We need to go through the timeline to explain exactly what happened here. But here is the bottom line. The bottom line is that Israel achieved its goal. It had a dual goal to prevent the nuclearization of Iran and to massively degrade its ballistic missile capacity. Both of those goals were achieved. I've been talking for days about the fact that Israel is actually running out of targets.


So the fact that this war has now come to a close, apparently that was going to happen anyway. Israel is always going to have to draw it to a close. Meanwhile, Iran desperately needed this war to come to a close because the regime was on its last legs and for the United States, the goals were achieved. I don't know what else to call that, but a master stroke by the president of the United States. That's what this was. So that doesn't mean there weren't some sparks again last night. So last night, Iran decided that it would be a brilliant idea to fire some missiles at all Ade Airbase in Qatar. So it turns out that that was all pre-coated with the United States via Qatar. Again, that's not exactly shocking.


If you go back to 2020, the president of the United States, then Donald Trump killed Kaseem Soleimani, the head of the terrorist regime that was spreading its tentacles all over the Middle East in Iran, and the Iranians basically pre-coated with the Americans, some sort of symbolic strike that was really directed domestic consumption. Fire off a couple of missiles, had an Iraqi airbase, and then call it a day. Well, the same thing happened last night. Iran issued this attack on this Qatari air base, the US base in Qatar, and then they announced that they were basically done. They said that they had released the number of missiles equal to the number of bombs the United States used in its strike on Saturday.


The statement put out by Iran said the base that was targeted in the attack by the powerful Iranian forces was far from urban facilities in residential areas in Qatar. This action did not pose any threat to our friendly and brotherly country, Qatar and its noble people, which by the way shows you exactly where Qatar is, that Iran fires missiles at an American air base in Qatar and then apologizes to Qatar. Pretty incredible stuff. Now, the IRGC of course released a statement claiming they had launched a devastating and powerful missile attack against all Ade and said that they would not leave any attack on their territorial integrity, sovereignty, and national security unanswered under any circumstances. That, of course, is complete crap. It is crap from beginning to end. According to the New York Times, quote three Iranian officials familiar with the plans said Iran gave advanced notice.


Attacks were coming as a way to minimize casualties. The officials said Iran symbolically needed to strike back at the United States, but at the same time carried it out in a way that allowed all sides in exit ram. They described it as a similar strategy to 2020 when Iran gave a Iraq heads up before firing ballistic missiles, had an American base in Iraq following the assassination of its top general. So again, that was perfectly unpredictable. In fact, some people predicted it publicly. I know you listened to the show. Okay. Meanwhile, president Trump then went ahead and posted on truth social talking about how essentially the Iranians had told him in advance that this was going to happen. Quote, Iran has officially responded to our obliteration of their nuclear facilities, where a very weak response, which we expected and have very effectively countered.


There have been 14 missiles fired, 13 were knocked down, one was set free because it was headed in a non-threatening direction. I'm pleased to report that no Americans were harmed and hardly any damage was done. Most importantly, they've gotten it all outta their system and there will hopefully be no further hate. I wanna thank Iran for giving us early notice, which made it possible for no lives to be lost and nobody to be injured. Perhaps Iran can now proceed to peace and harmony in the region, and I'll enthusiastically encourage Israel to do the same. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Donald J. Trump, president of the United States, and that's Trump just dunking on them saying, you guys have nothing. Nothing. You don't have the capacity to hurt us. If you tried it, we would wipe you out, meaning the top levels of the Iranian government, AYA Khomeini, would just be in pieces. If Iran had actually attempted to attack American Air bases, for example, around the region in a serious way, and honestly, it was all for domestic consumption for the Iranian government, which seems to be possibly on its last legs.


Iran's supreme leader actually shared a flyer showing an American flag burning with the caption quote. We did not violate anyone, and we absolutely do not accept being violated by anyone, nor will we submit to any act of aggression. This is the logic of the Iranian nation, eh? Sure, sure. Mad, dude. How little did the did? Did anybody care about this attack? The oil markets actually declined. Okay. The price of oil went down as the attack was happening because nobody believes that the Iranians were were serious about attempting to fire back against the United States or to close. For example, the Straits of Horus. I pointed out a couple of days ago on the show, again, China is the party most damaged by the closing of the Straits of Horus.


And in fact, China had actually called on everybody to not close these straits of Horus, wink, wink, Iran. So Iran really had very few cards to play here. They were firing something symbolically to demonstrate they weren't dead essentially. But that's about all they had. We'll get to more of this in a moment.


First, Pure Talk. My wireless company, a veteran led company, believes every man and woman who's faithfully served this country deserves to proudly fly an American flag made in America. And that's why Pure Talk is on a mission to give an Allegion flag the highest quality American flag to 1000 US veterans in time for July 4th. Just switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk. This month, a portion of every sale will go to provide these high quality flags to deserving veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month, from unlimited talk text and plenty of data you can enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G Network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year. Pure Talk is great coverage, best possible price. There is no reason for you not to be using Pure Talk by again. Pay a company it doesn't even like your values. Instead, head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. Again, that's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro To support veterans and to switch to America's Wireless company Pure Talk, go check them out right now. Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. They make it super simple to switch in as little as 10 minutes. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro and support America's veterans. While you're at it.


Also, let's talk about gut health. Probably something you should be thinking about, but you're just ignoring. If you think post-meal bloating is just how your body works, you are wrong. Turns out you should not be suffering after you eat. Enter Peaks Pure Tea. I was skeptical. Fermented tea sounds like health store nonsense, but my producer, Justin has been using this for a while and can attest to the fact that this stuff actually works. Black Pure is a game changer in the mornings. No caffeine jitters, no 2:00 PM crash, just clean, calm energy he can feel after Meals. Green Pure keeps you feeling light, not like you just swallowed a brick. It's smooth. Earthy doesn't taste like a garden hose. Here's the science. Pure is fermented packed with probiotics and prebiotics your gut actually needs. It helps digestion, metabolism and skin health. Clinical studies back this up. It is not snake oil. No wonder experts like Dr. Mark Hyman, trusted quality matters. This isn't gas station Tea Peaks. Pure is wild harvested from 200 50-year-old trees, no pesticides, no junk. It dissolves instantly. No bags and no steeping. Just drop it in and go. Right now. Peak's giving you 20% off for life, not once for life, plus a free fro and glass speaker with their pure bundle. They back it with a nine day guarantee, so it's zero risk. Head on over to peak life.com/ben. Again, that's peak life.com/ben. Your gut, your energy, and honestly your taste buds will thank you.


Even Russia was backtracking. So you recall that a few days ago, Russia made some sort of outlandish claim about how they might transfer or somebody might transfer a nuclear weapon to the Iranians. And then President Trump's like not so fast. He put out a long statement on truth social saying, did I hear former President Medvedev from Russia casually throwing around the N word nuclear and saying that he and other countries would supply nuclear warheads to Iran? Did he really just say that? Or is it a figment of my imagination? And then he said, by the way, if anyone thinks our hardware was great over the weekend, far and away, the strongest and best equipment we have 20 years advanced over the pack is our nuclear submarines. They're the most powerful lethal weapons ever built. And they just launched 30 tomahawks, all 30 hit their mark perfectly. So in addition to our great fighter pilots, thank you to Captain and Crew and to meet Treem, Medvedev then walked it back and said, Russia has no intention of supplying nuclear weapons to Iran, yet we know mad dude.


We know. Okay, so bottom line is all the pieces were in place by late yesterday afternoon for a ceasefire. Israel had already exhausted its list of main targets, and there are always a few more apples to pick off the target tree in Iran, but Israel has been nonstop flying sorties for nearly two weeks over Iranian airspace. They've hit the vast majority of what they were looking for. They have degraded probably 75% of the ballistic missile capacity of Iran. They've destroyed probably 75% of their ballistic missile launchers. They, along with the United States, thanks to President Trump's brave decision on Fordo, took out the Iranian nuclear facilities. Israel has killed virtually every top nuclear scientist in Iran.


They have killed the top members of the IRGC. Again, this is a triumph by Israel and by the United States, and it's particularly a triumph by President Trump who is able to achieve every American goal held in this particular area without a single American casualty. Zero. That's astonishing. Astonishing, zero American casualties to degrade the nuclear capacity of a country that has been vowing nuclearization for decades. So President Trump, as we say, late last night, he came out and he announced that it was time for peace. And then he followed up his statement about the cease fair quote. Israel and Iran came to me almost simultaneously and said, peace. I knew the time was Now the world and the Middle East are the real winners.


Both nations will see tremendous love, peace, and prosperity in their futures. They have so much to gain and yet so much to lose if they stray from the road of righteousness and truth. The future for Israel and Iran is unlimited and filled with great promise. God bless you both. Now he's softening the blow on Iran. The future for the Iranian regime is not particularly bright because again, the Ayatollahs have run their country horrifyingly poorly, and they'll continue to make bad decisions. And of course, if they attempt Renu nuclearization, there will be activity by Western powers to stop that. Particularly Israel, if you think that Israel's Mossad agents on the ground are simply gonna go to sleep for the next 10 years, wrong you are. But the destruction of the Iranian nuclear capacity may in fact be permanent. In the same way that when Israel destroyed the OSI rock reactor back in 1981, that turned into the permanent end of Saddam Hussein's nuclear ambitions.


President Trump also said, quote, we couldn't have made today's deal without the talent and courage of our great be two pilots and all of those associated with that operation. And he certain and very ironic way that perfect hit late in the evening brought everyone together and the deal was made. And of course, he's right because effectively Iran had nothing to negotiate with at that point. Okay? Now, there was a bit of a tete between Israel, Iran, and the United States that broke out as of Tuesday morning. So here's what happened. Just before the ceasefire went into place, Iran fired a barrage of ballistic missiles into Israel. One of those ballistic missiles struck a apartment building in Behe, which is in the south of Israel.


Apparently there are at least seven people who have been killed, 86 wounded because this is what Iran does. Israel, just before the ceasefire took out a bunch of IRGC leaders at their headquarters. Iran took out a a bunch of elderly women and children at a Bear Sheva apartment complex. That was essentially how this war always was fought by Iran. Then time for the ceasefire came and Israel stopped, and Iran didn't. Iran instead sent a couple of missiles into Northern Israel after the ceasefire, basically, because this is what they always do. This is not a shock again, when Israel essentially wiped out Hezbollah in Southern Lebanon back in October of 2024. And then ceasefire was declared.


Hezbollah attempted a few actions violating the ceasefire just to see if they could get away with it. And so this is what Iran was doing. And so Israel prepared to fire back. President Trump then went on truth social and said, Israel, do not drop those bombs. If you do it, it is a major violation. Bring your pilots home now, Donald J. Trump, president of the United States. And then he had this rather heated exchange with a reporter talking about how upset he was that Israel and Iran were still firing at each other. Essentially They violated, but Israel violated it too. Are you questioning if Israel was committed Israel? As soon as we made the deal, they came out and they dropped a load of bombs, the likes of which I've never seen before, the biggest load that we've seen.


I'm not happy with Israel. You know when when I say, okay, now you have 12 hours. You don't go out in the first hour and just drop everything you have on 'em. So I'm not happy with them. I'm not happy with Iran either, but I'm really unhappy if Israel's going out this morning because of one rocket that didn't land that was shot, perhaps by mistake that didn't land. I'm not happy about that. What we have, we basically have two countries that have have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that? Okay. And then President Trump walks away. Now, there are a lot of people on every side who are very upset with President Trump about this. I am not. And the reason I am not is because I think that he's attempting to enforce his ceasefire.


End of story. That's what this is. The president is saying, everybody if it's weapons down, it's weapons down. And in fact, the way that this actually ended up materializing is according to Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's office, the ceasefire was set to begin at 7:00 AM at 3:00 AM Israel carried out a powerful strike in the heart of Tehran hitting regime targets and eliminating hundreds of Basi members and Iranian security forces. Shortly before the ceasefire took effect, Iran launched a barrage of missiles, one of which tragically claimed the lives of four Israeli civilians in Be Sheva at 7:00 AM The ceasefire officially came into effect at 7:06 AM Iran fired, one missile at Israeli territory. And at 10:25 AM it launched at two more missiles. The missiles were either intercepted or landed in open areas causing no damage or casualties.


In response to these violations, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a radar system near Tehran, following a phone call between President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu, Israel refrained. From launching further strikes. In the conversation, president Trump expressed a deep appreciation for Israel, stating it had achieved all of its war objectives and voiced his confidence in the stability of the ceasefire. Hey. So President Trump was just saying to everybody, guys, stop. Stop. Like, stop it. Now we're done. Now it's done. Okay? And by the way, I don't think it's bad for Israel, for President Trump to be seen basically yanking Israel's chain there, because what that's saying to Iran is if it were not for President Trump telling the Israelis to stop, then those bombs would still be falling on your head. So you cut that out right now.


That is the way I think that President Trump means that to be read. And I think that's the way that it will be read by Iran. In fact, president Trump then came out within a couple of hours and put on truth social. Iran will never rebuild their nuclear facilities. Now, that is despite the fact that Tehran is openly vowing to restore its nuclear facilities, according to is Iran's nuclear chief Moham ami. The plan is to prevent interruptions in the process of production and services. Iran is assessing its damage to the nuclear industry following Israel's intensive 12 days campaign against it. And he says that arrangements are going to be made for its restoration. Now again, if President Trump identifies Iran rebuilding its nuclear facilities, he's going to do something.


And by the way, Israel will do something. They're not gonna sit idly by while Iran rebuilds any sort of nuclear capacity. But here's the bottom line, Once again, president Trump handled this situation better than any president of my lifetime. If you had told me at the beginning of this war that Israel would be able to do what it has done, that America with effectively one B two sort would've been able to cripple Iran's major nuclear facility at Fordo and also finish off Naans and Isfahan, which by the way is what I suggested from the beginning of the war when we were talking about the possibility of America getting in, I kept saying one B two flight is basically all that America would be required to do, and that would be it.


And then we would get to the end of the war. And that was true because President Trump lives in the world of, I can't say it enough, he lives in the world of reality. We'll get to the fallout for all the people who got this so disastrously wrong in a moment.


First, my work schedule has been incredibly busy. As of what you may have noticed, especially because of the extended show and of course the news cycle. I still need to make sure I'm maintaining my health, hitting the gym, spending time with the family. Even with my hectic schedule, I learned pretty quickly that peak performance requires peak nutrition, not just caffeine. That means eating enough fruits and veggies throughout the course of the day, wherever it may take me. That's why I'm so thankful to have Balance of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. That sounds miserable and time consuming with Balance of Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, your body then knows what to do with them. I pop those into the protein smoothie every day. They're great. Keep the gun show going strong. I look like the rock. Now. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS, get a free bottle of Fiber and Spice. That's Balance of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro, Balance Of Nature dot com, promo code Shapiro, go check them out right now.


Also, there are a lot of universities out there that are just teaching trash. That is not Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. GCU believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. Grand Canyon University equips you to serve others in ways that promote human flourishing and creates a ripple effect of transformation for generations to come. By honoring your career, calling you impact your family, your friends, and your community, change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu. Again, there are so many bad institutions of so-called higher education out there. GCU U is the opposite. Go check them out right now. Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable, visit gcu.edu.


President Trump is never ever going to get us into a nation building project in Iran. That was never, have you met President Trump? Have you watched him for the last 10 years? What? Unbelievable lack of faith. It shows in President Trump for people to suggest that Trump of all people is gonna get us into World War II on a nation building exercise in the Middle East. Are you out of your damned mind? And I think that it's actually worthwhile to replay the footage of the people who said this sort of stuff, because perhaps you should take their opinions with a grain of salt. Perhaps you should not take them quite so seriously when they claim that they know what the hell they're talking about. If you've got this one this wrong, that does raise some questions about just how seriously we ought to take you on matters of the factual.


Here's just, just a small slice of some of the people who claimed that this entire situation, that Israel bombing the Iranian nuclear facilities or American support for that or America doing a B two raid, that that was somehow going to lead to World War ii. Just a few of these folks. A war with Iran is a world war. This is not 2002. Iran is now part of a coalition that includes the biggest economies in the world and the largest militaries in the world. So a war with Iran means a war in effect, or you know, by proxy, but still a war with Russia, China, Turkey, and a lot of the rest of the world. So that's a world war. It's not just as simple as we're gonna take out their nuclear facilities.


Okay? How are you gonna do that in The next 200 days? The next 200 days are some of the most perilous times for the American Republic in its history. Because if we don't get this sorted, we're gonna be drawn in totally into a conflict as a combatant. And if it's not Ukraine, it's it's Israel or someone else. There's so many, our foreign policy is so suborned, so, so much not in America's interest, so much used by the military, industrial, state, or particular lobbies in favor of particular places we could be yanked into war for absolutely no consequential reasons whatsoever.


This war, which we do not need to fight, which is not in our interest, has the potential to be de devastating to our country, let alone the region. What, what is, what does the moral relativism in any of that, Do you think that we are moving toward war with Iran? Yes, I do. And it looks like the chosen destination is indeed Armageddon. There doesn't seem to be any real appreciation for the implications for us and, and frankly for Europe and the world as well as the Middle East. Whatever you put the risk at here, which if this thing keeps escalating the risk of this going to a real ground war, another war in the war on terrorism. I am, I am. Let me be very clear when I say this.


I don't know that America will survive this. We went into the terror wars in a much stronger place than we're going into this one. And this is a much tougher opponent than Saddam Hussein or, or Mo or Mofi. We didn't go into the terror wars. $37 trillion in debt. We didn't go into the terror wars with, with the cultural and political and racial divides. We have mass protests in the streets right now over Donald Trump trying to enforce his immigration policy. W th this is going to be, th this is the potential to be an utter disaster. America cannot have a war with Iran, by the way. It would lead to a regional war. It would be costly, bloody threatening.


I'm Really afraid that my country's gonna be further weakened by this. I think we're gonna see the end of American empire. Obviously, other nations would like to see that. And this is a perfect way to scuttle the USS America and the Shs of Iran. These are the people who kept telling you it was gonna be World War ii. And there are lots of them, lots and lots of people who are telling you it was going to be World War iii. Now, I just want you to note the complete and utter disconnect from reality, utter disconnect from reality last night as Iran was firing. Its obviously pre-coated strike on all ade airbase reported by everyone coordinated a, a vanity project in an attempt to prop up the AYAs Tucker Carlson took to the airwaves to lament the great tragedy that was befalling Qatar.


And notice the hand ringing. Notice the sack cloth and ashes. Notice the hand to the heart here. Notice, notice the deep and abiding pain he feels apparently at missiles that didn't hit Qatar. And notice that he did not express any of that same pain I noticed on this broadcast about ag hti suicide bomber killing 20 Christians at an orthodox church in Syria the same day or any of that same sympathy for the victims of October 7th. It's is just, it's just sort of fascinating. He also, by the way, says that, that Qatar only put all UD airbase in Qatar outta the goodness of their heart. They're just that nice. They're just that kind. Here is Tucker's response to what was effectively just the final gasp of Iran before the end of the war.


It, it's so distressing, it's so dis. Who could have seen this coming? I know. Who could have seen it coming? Well, I'll just say, I just wanna say it. It's, it should go without saying, but I mean, I'm praying for the success of, you know, whatever America does. 'cause I'm praying for America. And, but I'm concerned and, and I hope that people who have audiences will be responsible. And just remember, like life is short. You know, you, you're gonna have to give an account, like try to be honest. Try to be humane, try to care about other people. I don't know. So people should be honest. You see, and humane and care about other people. And because clearly that that's Tucker Carlson.


So honest, so humane. You know, all leaders kill people. All leaders kill people. So, so honest, so humane, so truthful with his audience. I'm just gonna read to you a few of Tucker Carlson's tweets about what he said would happen, not once, but over and over and over again. What he said would happen, quote, it's worth pointing out a strike on the Iranian nuclear sites will almost certainly result in thousands of American deaths at bases throughout the Middle East and cost the United States tens of billions of dollars. The cost of future acts of terrorism on American soil may be even higher. Those aren't guesses. Those are the Pentagon's own estimates. A bombing campaign against Iran will set off a war and it'll be America's war. Don't let the propagandists lie to you.


Tucker Carlson, March 20, March 17th, 2025. Or how about this one? Quote, whatever you think of tariffs, it's clear that now is the worst possible time for the United States to participate in a military strike on Iran. We can't afford it. Thousands of Americans would die. We'd lose the war that follows. Nothing would be more destructive to our country. And yet we're closer than ever. Thanks to unrelenting pressure from neocons, because obviously President Trump is, is the NeoCon. He's the one who made the call. This is suicidal. Anyone advocating for conflict with Iran is not an ally of the United States, but an enemy. So anyone advocating for a strike on the Iranian nuclear facilities or for just getting outta the way and letting Israel do it, is an enemy of the United States. According to Tucker Carlson, April 7th, 2025, Tucker Carlson, June 5th, 2025, quote, mark Levin was at the White House today lobbying for war with Iran.


To be clear, liven has no plans to fight in this or any other war. He's demanding that American troops do it. We need to stop Iran from building nuclear weapons. He and like-minded ideologues in Washington are now arguing. They're just weeks away. If this sounds familiar, it's because the same people have been making the same claim since at least the 1990s. It's a lie. In fact, there is zero credible intelligence that support that suggests Iran is anywhere near building a bomber has plans to none. Okay, he said this the same week that the IAEI came out and said that actually they're violating all of their nuclear obligations. Anyone who claims otherwise is ignorant or dishonest, I assume he means the President of the United States. If the US government knew Iran was weak from possessing a nuclear weapon, we'd be at war already. Iran knows this, which is why they aren't building one.


Iran also knows it's unwise to give up its weapons programs entirely. Well, do they have one or not? Mofi tried that and wound up sodomized with the bayonet. As soon as Kaddafi disarmed NATO killed him, Iran's leader saw that happen. They learned the obvious lesson. So first of all, NATO didn't kill him. Members of the Libyan population killed him. I opposed a NATO action against Kaddafi for the record. And so here is where he goes with this quote. It goes without saying, there are very few Trump voters who'd support a regime change war in Iran. Donald Trump has argued it loudly against reckless lunacy like this. Trump ran for president as a peace candidate. That's what made him different from a conventional Republican. It's why he won a war with Iran would amount to a profound betrayal of his supporters. It would end his presidency.


Okay, Tucker Carlson saying that Donald Trump, if he decided on an airstrike on the Iranian nuclear facilities, that would amount to a profound betrayal of his supporters and would end his presidency. That may explain why so many of Trump's enemies are advocating for it. And then there's the question of the war itself says Tucker Carlson, Iran may not have nukes, but it has a fearsome arsenal of ballistic missiles, many of which are aimed at US military installations in the Gulf, as well as at our allies and at critical energy infrastructure. The first week of a war with Iran could easily kill thousands of Americans. It could also collapse our economy as surgical oil prices trigger unmanageable inflation. Consider the effects of $30 gasoline. Okay, I'm just gonna say that today the average price of gas in the United States is $3 and 22 cents.


It is actually down slightly from where it has been. So has a word of this come true, even close? No, but don't worry, there's more. The second week of the war could be even worse. Wait, that would've been this week, the second week of of the war. Iran isn't a rock or libor or even North Korea. While it's often described as a rogue state, Iran has powerful allies. It's now part of a global block called Brix, which represents the majority of the world's landmass population, economy, and military power. Okay? So just to point out, Brix is an economic alliance. It is not a military alliance. And his idea apparently is that Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa, among others, would've come to the defense of Iran. This is what he was saying. I pointed it out weeks ago when he said it. Quote, Iran has extensive milit ties with Russia.


It tells the overwhelming majority of its oil exports to China. Iran isn't alone. An attack on Iran could very easily become a World war. We'd lose. Did you notice all the losing? I didn't either. Because we didn't. Because we didn't. Because this is not the world of reality. And by the way, it is obviously a rip against the President of the United States who decided that he was not going to follow in the footsteps of this complete and utter Tom foolery. And then he says, the one thing that people like Mark Levin don't want is a peaceful solutions to the problem of Iran. Despite the obvious benefits to the United States, they'd denounce anyone who advocates for a deal as a traitor and a bigot, they'll say or do whatever it takes. They have no limits. These are scary people.


Okay, that was Tucker Carlson, June 5th. Did any of that remotely come true? Don't worry, there's more quote. The real divide isn't between people who support Israel and people who support Iran or the Palestinians. The real divide is between those who casually encourage violence and those who seek to prevent it between war mongers and peacemakers, who are the war mongers? They would include anyone who's calling Donald Trump today to demand airstrikes and other direct US military involvement in a war with Iran. So apparently you're a warmonger. If you did what President Trump did or if you encouraged him to do the thing that he did, not full scale nation building, not full scale, a rock style invasion, not any of that. If you told President Trump, or if you said that President Trump should do the thing that he did, again, the bravest action I've seen from presidents of the United States and the most successful foreign policy move of my lifetime.


If you said that according to Tucker Carlson, you hated the United States, you were, you were actually an enemy of the American people. Now, as I said yesterday in the program, there are reasons you could theoretically steal man for opposing President Trump's strikes. Maybe there are some thorough constitutionalists. You just want all American foreign policy action approved by Congress. Sure, fine. They, they're wrong on this score in terms of their interpretation of Article two power. But fine, maybe there's some people who were truly pragmatically worried about a replay of the Iraq war. I think it's unbelievably dumb. I don't see any indicators that Iraq war was on the horizon, or that President Trump of all humans who campaigned against the Iraq war, was going to enter America into one.


But then there's a third group that I mentioned yesterday, people for whom intervention against the Iranian nuclear facilities was itself a supposed betrayal of maga. In other words, they would rather Iran have gone nuclear than that America fly a B two sword at exorbitantly low risk to take out fordo. People who declared that it was a betrayal of MAGA to do this like Tucker Carlson. Now, all those people seem very surprised by the outcome of the 12 Day War. I'm not accusing these people of being in the pay of foreign powers. I think they're promoting ideological poison all on their own. And whether these folks slather a layer of pseudo patriotic paint on top of their neo isolationist, Howard Zinn, blame America trash.


That's irrelevant. If the guest list for your program looks like the reading list from the Democratic Socialist of America, or National Students for Justice in Palestine, that's because you agree with them. And everybody should know that you agree with them. Just say it 'cause you do. America is a free country. Thank God everybody's allowed to say what they want, and you're allowed to consume it if you choose. Even RuPaul has an audience. Meanwhile, Of course, it is not just the sort of horseshoe theory, right, that got all of this wrong. President Trump has the amazing superpower of causing the left to embrace legitimately the world's worst people. Including, of course, the regime in Iran. The Democrats have decided to full scale embrace their radical insanity in people. One of those people is Mahmood kil.


You remember Mahmood kil? He was picked up and was prepared for deportation by the Trump administration. He Of course had a green card, and then he claimed that his support for radical terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah. Well, he actually had a right to do all of that. Well, a judge ordered that he be released. The first thing that he did, this wonderful addition to American life. He didn't go back to being a productive citizen because he wasn't a productive citizen in the first place. He's not even a citizen. Mah Klio instead went directly back to Columbia University to protest. Well wearing a Palestinian flag. On the day after the president of the United States authorized the taking out of the Iranian nuclear facilities, and he was celebrated.


The left was so excited because that's what they believe America needs more of. People who love terrorists and who support terrorist regimes. Columbia, Columbia, you can hide Columbia. Columbia, you can hide Columbia, you can hide. You're supporting genocide, you're supporting genocide, you're supporting. I'm so glad that we released this person back into the public as opposed to deporting him to a country that is more in line with his viewpoints. We definitely need to import more people like Mahmud Halil. Now you should remember that he's a searing born Palestinian. He came to the country in 2022 as a guest, according to Hussein Abba Mansur writing for the free press, ostensibly to study at Columbia University.


While here, he spent his time organizing campus protests in support of Hamas and Hezbollah, both officially designated by the United States as foreign terrorist organizations. In these riots, buildings were vandalized. Windows smashed classes disrupted. Students threatened with physical harm. Of course, head Mahmud Khaalil told the truth about why he was in the United States in the first place. When he was applying for a visa, he never would've been let in. The Trump administration decided to revoke his green card. He served as the negotiator for the Columbia University. Apartheid divest a student organization that cheered for the total eradication of Western civilization. Now again, this is the left celebrating people like Mahmud, Khalil, and it is the left that has made room in its coalition for groups like the National Students for Justice in Palestine.


They released a statement on the bombing of the Iranian and nuclear sites. And here's what the statement says, quote, we must be clear. Nuclear development is neither a crime nor the reason for the US' War against Iran. The US Empire cannot permit the continued existence of a country that dares to stand against Zionism and imperialism. And they called for the end of the United States quote. For nearly 50 years, the United States and its Zionist vassal state have attempted to dismantle the sovereign state of Iran since the start of the joint US Zionist genocide in Gaza. Now, again, it's not a genocide in Gaza by any stretch of the imagination right now, the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation is handing out literally tons of food every single day. And Hamas is shooting members of the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation in order to try and stop them from disintermediating Hamas, which was stealing all the aid according to the students for Justice in Palestine, the Zionist entity has taken every opportunity to escalate these attacks on Iran's government infrastructure and civilians most recently slaughtering over 400 Iranians and injuring thousands more in the past week alone.


That's the slaughter, not Iran. Willy-nilly shooting ballistic missiles into populated areas, Israel doing targeted strikes on military facilities. And the students for justice in Palestine then suggested that the proper solution would essentially be the destruction of the United States. They said, quote, the domestic repression against immigrant communities and political activity in the US parallels the country's increasingly hostile and erratic global stance. War crimes against Iran and the rapid militarization and expansion of the police state are both expressions of the same condition. In Empire in Crisis, we reaffirm our commitment to the struggling and Zionism and the global struggle against imperialism from Gaza to Tehran.


Okay, so why do I bring up national students for justice in Palestine? Because the current possible front runner in the race for New York City mayor is a person named Zoran Momani. Zoran at Momani was a founder of a local chapter of Students for Justice in Palestine, because that's who he is. He co-founded his school's chapter while at college at Boin for years, according to National Review, mom, Danny has been a vocal supporter of the Boycots divestment and sanctions movement, designed to academically and intellectually isolate Israelis and Zionist Jews from Western Scientific discourse. In 2017, he recorded a rap song, sending his Love to the Holy Land V.


Those would be the leaders of the Holy Land Foundation for a leaf and development convicted in 2008 of providing material support for terrorism to Hamas. And when October 7th happened, he called for ending the occupation and dismantling apartheid, nothing about the actual victims of October 7th. This is the person who, according to the brand new Emerson polling, is the front runner in the ranked choice voting in the New York Democratic primary tracking. Again, according to Emerson, the final Emerson College polling Hill survey of New York City Democratic mayoral primary, which happens today, finds former governor Andrew Cuomo leading with 35% support, followed closely by Zoran Momani at 32% Comptroller Brad Lander, who got himself arrested over immigration to try and grab some headlines is at 13%.


However, when you actually complete the ranked choice voting, and again, the way ranked choice voting works is that you have a list of candidates and you actually list them in order of preference. And if your top candidate is, say, Brad Lander, and your second candidate is Zorn mom, Danny, and Lander gets knocked out in the first round, then your vote now counts for Ma Dani. So the rank choice voting simulation over eight rounds ends with Ma Dani at 52% in Cuomo at 48%. Spencer Kimball, executive director of Emerson College polling says quote, over five months, ma'am, Danny support his surge from one to 32% while Cuomo finishes near where he began in the ranked choice simulation. Mam, Danny Gates, 18 points compared to Cuomo's 12, putting him ahead in the final round for the first time in an Emerson poll, voters who have already cast their ballots during New York City's early voting period.


Break for Mam Dani, he currently holds a 10 point lead over Cuomo, 41% to 31%. In contrast, among those who plan to vote on election day or have not yet voted at the time of the survey, Cuomo leads with 36%, followed by Mam Dani at 31%. This is how psychotic Democrats have become. This is a Democratic primary. Of course, the current mayor Eric Adams, is not running as a Democrat. He's running as an independent Zoran Ma is as radical as is possible to be. He's a full scale communist. I say that advisedly, the word communist has a meaning. This is a man who has taken full scale nationalization of the groceries positions. And when it comes to the Middle East, you know, again, I say President Trump has made it so the Democrats will now embrace legitimately the worst people on earth.


Czar Momani is one of these people, and he has nothing but love for all the enemies of the United States. So how did he respond to the news that President Trump had struck the Iranian nuclear facilities? Quote, these actions are the results of a political establishment that would rather spend trillions of dollars on weapons than lift millions outta poverty, launch endless wars while silencing calls for peace and fear. Monger about outsiders, while billionaires hollow out our democracy from within. Andrew Cuomo, by contrast, said quote, Iran cannot have a nuclear capability. That's number one. It's dangerous not only for the region, it's dangerous internationally, it's dangerous for the United States. So again, that is a rather large contrast.


And Momani is the one with the vast bulk of the momentum at this point. So who the hell is Zoran Ma? Well, originally he was a failed rapper. I speak here advisedly since I'm of course very successful rapper. But Zoran Ma is a failed rapper. He went by Mr. Cardamon when he was cutting his rap. Here is one of his early rap videos. And Democrats in New York believe this person should be mayor. The spoiled brat, beneficiary of America at every possible level, who believes that America is deeply evil, exploitative and genocidal in its pursuit of foreign policy. This one should be become mayor of New York Down for you.


Get the ground for you, make it sign for you. Give a crime together, down for you, the ground for you. Make it sign for you. Go ahead, make a rap for your nutty. It's a wrap. Get the, I mean, so that's not good. He, he should not be mayor just because he made that video, but that that was not his only video. He also rapped about, you know, all the crazy things he supports.


Make it Fall. No band, no wall. Build it up, we'll make it fall. And there he was expressing his love for the Holy Land. Five, who are of course terrorist supporters convicted in federal court. Remember, this is the city that experienced nine 11. This is a city where 3000 Americans were murdered by Islamic terrorists, and now they want to elect to the mayoralty. Democrats do. Apparently, according to the polling data, they would like to elect a person who has sympathy for terrorism, like tremendous sympathy for terrorism. But that's not the only reason that he's nuts. He also openly says that he is fighting for socialism, Where we have to make it very clear that people cannot eat words.


People need to have actual food. People need to have actual houses to live in. People need to have actual schools that They can go to. And I think it's so critical that this journey into understanding the way in which we should relate to power this journey and understanding that it is socialism that we are fighting for, is a journey that should begin as soon as possible for every single person in this country and in this world. Mm, socialism they're fighting for. And it's, it's deep thoughts. Like you can't eat words that does lead to nationalization and government control of the means of production. And generally the slaughter of millions of people. So, so probably that person should be mayor. Also, the kind of person who should be mayor is the kind of person who believes that the New York Police Department should be removed from high crime areas. A contention he made just a couple of years ago.


If you're having an argument with someone and there's a risk of it escalating, who is better positioned to deescalate it? Someone who is well known in the community. That's true. Or someone who has been trained specifically in deescalation, or a stranger who has a gun. And we see so many situations where encounters with police, the police arrive, and all of a sudden the tension rises, even astronomically. The answer is to try and find a non carceral solution. You know, absolutely community service. Something where you know, they, they learn from their mistakes. There's a sense of accountability and growth. All these kinds of things, which for many people in this country, especially black people, are not offered the same opportunity.


Are, are you for defunding the police? Are you for are seriously formed that people can see underground? I am in favor of defunding the police. Mm mm And they wanna make this one mayor. He wants to defund the police. Don't worry, it gets worse. Again, unbelievable. Except that it's all too believable. The young Democrats, the most rabid Democrats out there, believe that the traditional democratic party has not done enough to push the country in a wild left word direction. They believe that Joe Biden was actually too right wing, that Kamala Harris was too moderate. That what you need is full scale. Transing of the children, full scale support for terrorist organizations, at least rhetorically a cutoff to all of America's allies on the foreign policy front, that you need to undercut the police and make it absolutely unlivable to live in America's major cities.


That universities should essentially just be breeding grounds for radicalism. Here was Zoran Momani, again, your polling front runner in the New York City, democratic primary for mayor, defending the Columbia University protestors who are tearing up the campus. I think these students have actually forced many of us to reckon with what's happening there. Because for too many Americans, this has been something that is actually getting out of view. An example is that when students renamed the hall in Columbia from Hamilton Hall to Hin Hall, they were honoring a 6-year-old Palestinian girl who was killed in her car watching as her parents had been killed by these Israeli military prior. And for so many Americans, that was a name that they hadn't heard until these students made it.


One. So apparently, according to him, the Columbia University students, as they illegally took over the quad and broke windows and took over libraries and prevented people from actually being able to learn at the campuses. They were doing an amazing job. And by the way, if it were up to him, there wouldn't be any police to response. It calls to stop the criminality anyway. In fact, he believed that the New York City Police Department and the IDF share tactics of oppression. It's also that our city and state governments have partnerships with Israeli municipalities and the state and that we can hold our governments accountable by, by really going after those partnerships and really spotlighting them and, and you know, with the goal of dismantling them.


I think that when I think of partnerships, I think of how the NYPD and the IDF have had a relationship for many years. A relationship that has meant, you know, tactics of oppression crossing from one country to the other. I mean, this is the kind of person, again, it beggars the imagination, but it really doesn't because of course, Democrats have elected Mayor Brandon Johnson in Chicago. He have the 9% approval rating who has decided that police work is actually just too much for him. And so instead, he'll let the city completely fall apart. Democrats elected in Los Angeles, Karen Bass, who's presided over, not one massier, but two, given the riots that broke into Conflagrations just a couple of weeks ago.


Democrats continue in major cities around America to at least put their money where their mouth is. And so, you know, I gotta hand it to 'em. At least they're doing the thing. Really, if they wanna live by this radical credo, you know, at at least they are. At least they're doing it. Again, I have a basic rule, and it's the same as Hhl Mankins. Democracy is the theory that people get what they deserve, get what they vote for, good and hard. And so if the people of New York want this, you know what? Good, I think they ought to feel it. I'm kind of rooting for Zora Ma Donny, to be honest with you, because if Democrats wish to embrace all of this. Well then let them let and listen. I have a lot of friends who live in New York. I know there are a lot of people who are just trying to earn a living, have a good life in New York. Maybe it's time to leave when you're surrounded by nuts.


Maybe it's time to leave. How nuts is our momani? He literally called for city owned grocery stores because he believes that it's the profit motive that is quote unquote starving Americans. This is just psychotic stuff. We will redirect city funds from corporate supermarkets to city owned grocery stores whose mission is lower prices, not price gouging. These stores will operate without a profit motive or having to pay property taxes or rent. And we'll pass on those savings to you. What in the world, I mean, first of all, is he selling a used car pass on those savings to you? The what is the profit motive in American grocery stores is what has created the vast bevy of goods at American grocery stores.


Quite famously, when Khrushchev came to the United States in the 1950s and he met with Richard Nixon, who is the vice president of the United States, and he saw the wide bevy and variety of goods that were available for Americans, he was stunned. And that was true for every Soviet who came to the United States. Cuban emigres, who escaped the Cuban oppression under Castro would go to grocery stores and be blown away at the kinds of things that are available. But Zahar Mai somehow thinks that that is the, the bug, not the feature of American public life. He's also the kind of person who yells at Tom Holman over immigration. Like, this is what Democrats want. If this is what Democrats want, they should get it.


How many more Yorkers? How many more you can take? How many more re yorkers do you believe in the First Amendment? Do you believe in the First Amendment? Toman Just absolute performative trash. But again, he saves his best performances for when he's called an antisemite because of course he is here. He was just the other day shedding crocodile tears over being called an antisemite after suggesting that the state of Israel should be disestablished as a Jewish state. I get messages that say the only good Muslim is a dead Muslim. I get threats on my life, on the, on the people that I love.


And I try not to talk about it because the function of racism, as Tony Morrison said, is distraction. My focus has always been on making this a city that's affordable, on making this a city that every New Yorker sees themself in. And it takes a toll because this is a city that every single person deserves to be in. It's a city that we all belong to. And the thing that's made me proudest in this campaign is that the strength of our Movement, such a bad actor, is Built on our ability to have built something across Jewish and Muslim, new Yorkers, across New Yorkers of all faiths and all backgrounds and all boroughs and antisemitism is such a real issue in the city, and it has been hard to see it weaponized by candidates who do not seem to have any sincere interest in tackling it, but rather in using it as a pretext to make political points.


Ah, it's just that if you're worried about antisemitism, it's a pretext to make political points. He says, again, I'm kind of rooting for you guys. New Yorkers, I'm rooting for you today. Today's your big day New York Democrats. It's your day to finally go Ho Hog. I know you tried with Bill de Blassio. I know. And he was so terrible. He had to swing back the other way with me, mayor Eric Adams. But this is your moment. This is time for you to seize the city and turn it entirely red. Finally, live out your principles. Drive every tax paying citizen from the city of New York. Completely destroy all of the real estate values in the city force. Gigantic businesses out of your city. See how it goes for you. Turn your city into Detroit. See if we down here in Florida here, I'm be spending a lot of money buying up all the luxury real estate because I know that the prices are gonna be going up as you guys squeeze everyone with half a brain out of your city.


Ron DeSantis, for what it's worth, tweeted something very similar yesterday. Governor DeSantis tweeted out, quote, just when you thought Palm Beach real estate couldn't go any higher. Yep. There can be a lot of businesses relocating to Florida. That is for sure. And again, Ani Il just indicative of so much that's going on internationally. Across the left across Europe, thousands of Europeans took to the streets to protest in favor of Iran because of course they did. This is what they do. Here is what it looked like outside the Hague protesting the American strike on the Iranian nuclear facilities. Again, these are people who are protesting somebody trying to stop them from being killed. President Trump is trying to stop the Iranians who have sleeper cells buried, particularly in Europe from gaining a nuclear weapon.


And here are the idiot Europeans protesting by the tens of thousands ahead of the NATO summit in the Dutch city in the Hague. Hey, There are signs reading. Stop the attack on Iran dismantle Israel. Yes. 'cause Israel is the grave threat to Europe. Obviously. Of course, there are signs reading Donald Trump is a terrorist. Lots of support for the Iranians. Again, all it takes for the left to just come out and embrace a radical Islamic dictatorships that hangs gay people from cranes. All, all it takes for that to happen is for President Trump to bomb it.


That's all that it requires. It's totally insane. It's totally insane. But you know what points for honesty, points for honesty for, for this entire crew and, and this sort of attitude is quite widespread in Europe. Of course, I was in Rome this week meeting with the Pope. There are some fairly major protests in Rome, Once again against Israel, against America. Lots of anti-Semitic graffiti all around the city. Not a giant shock because too many Europeans have decided that civilizational suicide is actually some form of moral good sense. And if New Yorkers decide to do the same thing this week, well, I suppose more power to them.


But they're going to learn the hard way that actually the city doesn't operate without the actual productive members of society who you are driving out before you already coming up. We're gonna jump into that. I want to Ben Shapiro, show mailbag. Remember, in order to watch you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.