
Folks, this is going to be a hot week. There is so much happening. Congress is back in session, which means Democrats are now gonna have to answer questions about whether Joe Biden ought to remain the nominee. France is bursting into flames. But before we get to any of that, I have something really important to share with you. So Kamala Harris is the most important person in the country right now because either she's gonna take over the presidency now and take over Joe Biden's campaign right now. Or if God forbid he wins, she'll be the President afterward. But nobody knows anything about Kamala Harris other than she's really irritating and the laughter and all of that.


But that doesn't have to be the case, because tonight, Scamala Kamala Harris Unmasked is my new three part series. It premieres for free tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern at Daily Wire Plus, along with a live chat with me. Let's take a look at the trailer for Kamala Kamala. Harris Unmasked Kamala Harris is a hairs breath from the Oval Office. She's so bad, she's so pathetic. How did she get here? How did someone with such a knack for failure managed to climb the greasy pole to the precipice of the most powerful position in the world? We did It. We did it, Joe. In this documentary podcast, we're peeling back the layers of Kamala Harris' career exposing the scandals, the missteps, and the awkwardness that have come to define her journey. Because here's the ugly truth. Kamala Harris is a scam artist. And that scam artist is now a Harris breath from the Oval Office where her incompetence and inauthenticity aren't just a problem. They're a dangerous existential issue for the United States. Join me in this exclusive three part series, Scamala Kamala Harris Unmasked Stream, episode one Live tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern on Daily Wire Plus. Discover the benefits of becoming a member to support our mission, to fight the left and build the future. Watch Scamala Kamala. Harris Unmasked live series premiere for free tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern at Daily Wire Plus. I'll be hosting a live chat answering your questions exclusively at Daily Wire Plus. Don't miss it.


So speaking of Kamala Harris, we first have to speak about the guy who's currently president and currently the nominee, and that is Joe Biden. The big question in Democratic circles is whether he stays or whether he goes, and he's a stubborn old man, so he really wants to stay and he is now channeling Jennifer Holiday from the original Broadway production of Dream Girls, right? I'm staying. I'm staying, and you and you, you are gonna love me. It's not good. It's really, really bad. So on July 5th, which was Friday, Joe Biden actually tweeted out that he was staying, and York gonna love it. Let me say this as clearly as I can. He tweeted, I'm the sitting president of the United States. I'm the nominee of the Democratic Party. I'm staying in the race.


Well, we know that's not really what he would say if he could say it as clearly as he could, because if he could say it verbally, it would sound more like this. Lemme say this. Come on, man. So, I mean, that's what an intern would tweet for him anyway. So on Friday he held a rally in Wisconsin where he insisted he will not drop out. He will stay. Now, you probably heard we had a little debate last week. I can't say it was my best performance. We love you. That's okay. But ever since then, there's been a lot of stuff. We love you, Joe. What's Joe gonna do? Is he gonna stay in the race?


Is he gonna drop out? What's he gonna do? Well, here's my answer. I am running and gonna win again. Okay? There's only one problem in this same rally where he's trying to pretend to be an alive person. He died on the stage. So he explained that he was going to win again in 2020. So apparently Joe Biden either has a mental problem or he's discovered a time machine. I'll beat Donald Trump, I'll beat him again in 2020. Beat him again in 2020. Do it again in 2024. How? Well, I mean, if he, if he's gonna beat him again in in 2020, I mean, at the very least, if he's gonna use the time machine, he should go back to like 1856 and beat James Buchanan or something important.


According to CNN's new survey, by the way, 75% of voters say the Democratic Party would have a better chance against Donald Trump if they backed another candidate. More than 50% of Democrats and Democrat leaning registered voters agreed what that election sentiment. So that is a massive problem for Joe Biden. This is all starting to get away from him. So he can be a stubborn old man. He be stubborn as he wants to be, but the pressure is ratcheting up inside the Democratic Party that only became louder on Friday night. Biden is very stubborn, but the pressure is ratcheting up inside the Democratic Party, just like the pressure on your bills is ratcheting up.


Thanks to Joe Biden, you've heard me say for a long time, cell phone service with Pure Talk is half the cost of Verizon at t or T-Mobile. So you might be thinking, what's the catch? How can Pure Talk offer unlimited talk text and plenty of data for just 20 bucks a month? Well, I say, just ask the thousands of my other listeners who have already switched over. They're loving America's most Dependable 5G network. They love Pure Talk's US customer service team, their selection of premium phones, the money they're saving every month. So what exactly are you waiting for? It's time to start supporting companies who actually don't hate you. Like for example, Pure. Talk creates American jobs, they support veterans. It's time to switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk Plus with no contract and a 30 day money back guarantee you don't have anything to lose. Visit zip Pure Talk dot com slash app to upgrade your cell phone service to America's Most Dependable 5G network. Save an extra 50% off your very first month of coverage. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today. Again, I've been using Pure Talk myself for all my business calls for years. Their coverage is excellent and they cost me less money. Go check them out right now, Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro to upgrade your cell phone service and go check them out right now. Get an extra 50% off your very first month. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today to get started.


So as we talked about in Friday's show, he was slated to do an interview with George Stephanopoulos, and the question was whether George Stephanopoulos was going to try to massage him back into some form of actual living embodiment or whether he was gonna put a pillow, a pillow over his face and smother the old man. And it turns out that he was gonna put a pillow over his face and smother the old man. So Stephanopoulos wasn't asking particularly hard questions if Joe Biden were a sentient person and not a vegetable. But the problem is that Joe Biden is now rutabaga. So here it was George Stephanopoulos asking Joe Biden, are you the same man you were when he took office? And remember, the stakes of this interview were the nomination because if Joe Biden had appeared lively and sprightly, if his lie that his debate with Donald Trump was just an off night were true, then he might have been able to get this train back on the rails.


But the interview was a disaster area. Every time he appears on television, for some odd reason, he won't project. And so it sounds as though his voice is going like it's cracking. You can barely hear him. And he starts wandering randomly all over the verbal landscape in search of an idea. and here is George Stephanopoulos asking him, are you the same person you were when you took office? Are you the same man today that you were when you took office three and a half years ago in Terms of successes? Yes. But What has all that work over the last three and a half years cost you physically, mentally, emotionally? Well, I I, I just think it cost me a really bad night, bad run.


What I'm asking you is about your personal situation. Do you dispute that there have been more lapses, especially in the last several months? Can I run the 110 flat? No, but I'm still in good shape. Are you more frail? No, He's not more frail. Okay. So like this did not go well. And you can hear Stephanopoulos, he's like, I'm gonna, he, he's he's now sneaking behind the bed to pull the plug on the old end, right? That's what Stephanopoulos is doing right there. Because that interview, one of the people on the screen was going to exit that interview dead. It was either George Stephanopoulos for trying to massage Biden back into life or Biden with the plug pulled by George Stephanopoulos.


So Joe Biden was asked by Stephanopoulos, when were you aware the debate was going poorly and Joe Biden started wandering like an Alzheimer's patient who accidentally got out the front door. Did you ever watch the debate afterwards? I don't think I did, no. Well, what I'm trying, what I wanna get at is what were you experiencing as you were going through the debate? Did you know how badly it was going? Yeah, look the whole way I prepared nobody's fault of mind. Nobody's fault of mind. I, I prepared what I usually would do sitting down as I did come back with foreign leaders or the National Security Council for explicit detail.


And I realized about partway through that, you know, all the, I get quoted, the New York Times had me down at 10 points before the debate nine now, or whatever the hell it is. The fact of the matter is that what I looked at is that he also lied 28 times. I couldn't, I mean, the way the debate ran, not my fault. No one else's fault, no one else's fault, But it seemed like you were having trouble from the first questionnaire even before he spoke. Well, I just had a bad night. And then Joe Biden gets mad, right? Because again, he's a, he's a crotchety elderly fellow, and he says that he's very angry.


The Democrats want him to leave. And also only the Lord of God Almighty could make him go. Best hour that Senator Mark Warner is, is assembling a group of senators together to try to convince you to stand down because they don't think you can win. Well, mark is a good man, but we've never had that. he also tried to get the nomination too. Mark's not, mark and I have a different perspective. I respect them. And if Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi come down and say, we're worried that if you stay in the race, we're gonna lose the House and the Senate, how will you respond? I, I go into detail with 'em. I've speaking to all of them in detail, including Jim Clyburn, every one of them, they all said I should stay in the race, stay in the race.


No one said none of the people said I Should leave the, but if they do, Well it's like we're not gonna do that. You sure? Well, Yeah, sure. Look, I mean, if the Lord Almighty came down and said, Joe, get outta the race. I get outta the race, says Lord Almighty's not coming down. If you are told reliably from your allies, from your friends and supporters in the Democratic Party in the House and the Senate that they're concerned you're gonna lose the House and the Senate if you stay in, what will you do? I'm not gonna answer that question. It's not gonna happen. It's not gonna happen. Well, he is being told that by his friends and allies. In fact, Jim Clyburn was booked on the Sunday shows.


He wouldn't appear. He canceled on the Sunday shows. By the way, it is worth noting here that the quality of the audio is really bad, right? You can hear that buzzing in the background. Obviously we work in a studio, one of the things that you do in a studio is you turn off the air conditioner. Okay? That's not the air conditioner in the background. The reason that the audio is so bad is because Joe Biden is speaking so softly that the mics are not properly picking him up. So they had to ratchet up the audio level in order to pick up the voice of the president of the United States because that's how weak he was in this interview. Stephanopoulos for his part was really trying to push Joe Biden over that cliff. Like Joe Biden is grabbing like a cartoon character onto the edge of the cliff with his fingernails. It's like Wiley Coyote. You can see the fingernails digging into the rock as he gradually starts to fall down the cliff face.


Here's George Stephanopoulos saying, dude, no one gets reelected with a 36% approval rating. And Joe Biden's like, well Anyway, What's your plan to turn the campaign around? You saw it today. How many, how many people you draw crowds like I today you find many more enthusiastic than today. You're the president, Huh? I mean, I don't think you wanna play the crowd game. Donald Trump can draw big crowds. There's no question about that. You can draw a big crowd, but what does he say? Who, who does he have? I'm the guy supposedly in trouble, Mr. President, I've never seen a president 36% approval get reelected. Well, I don't believe that's my approval.


That's not what our polls show. That's not what his polls show. I mean, this is just George Stephanopoulos beating him with a two by four. And sure that doesn't have a massive impact. 'cause George Stephanopoulos is five foot two and 87 87 pounds soaking wet. But still he's Clobbering Biden here. So he asked Biden, will you feel guilty if you lose? Right? Like if you stay in too long and then you lose to Trump, your legacy is that you turn the presidency back over to the guy you say is a threat to democracy. Are you gonna feel guilty at all? Biden's? Like what is guilt? What? I don't know. No, no. And if you stay in and Trump is elected and everything you're warning about comes to pass, how will you feel in January?


I feel as long as I gave it my all and I did the greatest job as I know I can do, that's what this is about. This interview is 22 minutes long. By the way, it was not an hour because Joe Biden is not capable of going an hour. CNN reported that after the interview Team Biden thought he did amazing. But of course they're gonna say that because what are they gonna say that he did horribly. So here's CNN reporting on the Biden team's reaction. The Biden campaign thinks that the interview last night did exactly what they wanted it to do. And their, in their thinking, they think that it showed a president who could respond to these questions, do so in an articulate fashion, and really push back against the concerns about his cognitive health.


So they're looking at this as a win, seeing it as a strong interview. And really what the president was doing in that interview was showing defiance, dismissing the concerns and the critics the about his candidacy. Okay? There's only one problem. No one actually believes that. Now listen, as a person who wants Donald Trump to win the presidency, I wish that the entire Democratic Party bought into this narrative. I wish they bought into the narrative that Joe Biden were doing just fine. Lemme tell you, my synagogue right, which is filled with Orthodox Jews who all think that Joe Biden is a terrible president. My synagogue is gonna vote 105% for Donald Trump. I can tell you that there is a prayer that we do every week for the government of the United States in the middle of Chakri, which is the the morning prayer.


Okay? And that prayer involves a prayer for the health of the president of the United States never has that prayer been said with more fervor than in my synagogue this weekend, because everybody who wants Trump to win is like, I hope that this guy lasts. Like truly he's an awful candidate. I hope he sticks around.


All the uncertainty surrounding Joe Biden's presidency is not great for the stock market for the economy. You're seeing that also with regard to the French elections, the UK elections. While all that uncertainty means you probably should diversify at least a little bit into gold. See, since 1974, Saudi Arabia has sold oil solely in American dollars. That was huge for a global economic dominance. Now they want other options. They too are hedging their bets. If there's less demand for the American dollar, what happens to the value? Well, it's reasons like that. I feel it's important to diversify some of your savings into gold. You can do that with the help of birch gold. I'm not saying like take all your money and put it in gold. I'm saying you should do like some, because right now qualifying purchases by July 31st are eligible to get a one of a kind limited edition golden truth bomb, which is a pretty cool item. The only way to claim your eligibility is by texting BEN to 98. 98 98. Protect your savings by diversifying a wave from the US dollar with gold text BEN to 98. 98. 98 Birch Gold will help you convert an old IRA or 401k into an I RRA in gold for no money out of pocket right now, qualifying purchases will get a limited edition Golden Truth. Bob, you can show it to all your friends. Makes a great paper way too. Text BEN to 98. 98 98. That's BEN to 98. 98 98 today. And ask all of your questions to my friends over at Birch Gold. And then when you're ready to start investing, trust them with your gold Investments Tech BEN in 98. 98, 98 to get started.


Now the reality is that the leaks are now beginning and the information is accruing suggesting that Joe Biden of course, is not well The Daily Wire is Luke AK has looked at the White House's own official transcripts. And according to DailyWire, they suggest that President Joe Biden's speaking errors have grown steadily worse with his rate of missteps doubling in the 12 months leading up to his disastrous debate performance. In June, white House staff tasked with preparing transcripts of his speeches and remarks cross out Biden's erroneous words or insert the words he should have said using brackets. They had to do that as staggering 51 times in May, 2024, the rate of errors per word spoken, was one of the worst of his presidency. He was whisked outta the public eye for much of June speaking only half the number of words and official remarks he normally does until of course, his cognitive difficulties captured the world's attention at the June 27th debate.


And there is a chart demonstrating exactly how bad it is, and the answer is an arithmetic increase in the number of errors spoken. In June, 2023, the White House corrected 33 errors amounting to an error rate of 3.2 per 10,000 words. The 51 errors in May led to a rate of 7.2 for that month when he spoke 70,000 words. Hey, so that means that it has been gradually increasing. The corrections have continued this month. The White House transcript is a total mess. It is filled with crossouts, it is filled with insertions, it is filled with deletions. And of course this is something that the White House has now made sort of Dere Gore. So Maureen Dow writes this at the New York Times at she points out quote, when I saw the Michael Shear story in the Times on July 4th, recounting how President Biden had stumbled talking to black radio host days after his debate debacle telling one, he was proud to have been the first black woman to serve with a black president.


I knew it spelled trouble. First of all, if any white man could claim to be the first black woman in the oval, it was Bill Clinton. Black fans called him the first black president and feminist fans called him the first woman president. Second of all, we were entering a new post debate examination period with President Biden where every word would be scrutinized. But as she points out, she got a call. So she wrote about this and then she got a call from somebody in the Biden campaign quote, in my Saturday column, I quoted Biden's line to ABC's at George Stephanopoulos about how he would feel if Trump were sworn in as president because he refused to step aside. I'll feel as long as I gave it my all. And I did the goodest job as I know I can do. That's what this is about. Now, Goodes isn't a word by my researcher Andrew Treky and I listened to the video, our ears up against the computer 10 times.


That's what it sounded like. We also checked the A BC news transcript. That's the word they used times news reporters and reporters for other news outlets took their cue from the A, b, C transcript. The confusion was so universal that on Axios Saturday there were two different version. Mike Allen's newsletter used Goodes. Another story used. I did a as good a job as I know I can do. After my column posted Saturday morning, TJ DLow a Biden campaign spokesman emailed me to flag the A, B, C news updated transcript to read. I'll feel as long as I give it my all. And I did the job as good as I know I can do. This is what it's about. DLow asked if I could tweak the column and change the word goodes to make my piece consistent with the corrected transcripts, even though the revised version was also gobbledygook. Right? Thi this is what the Biden campaign is now focused on.


There are so many errors and so many mistakes that Joe Biden is making out there, that they basically have to send out a team of firefighters to put out every brush fire that Joe Biden sets and the leaks continue. According to a report from the UK guardian Joe Biden's doctor met with a leading Washington neurologist at the White House this year. The report came after Biden on Friday ruled out taking an independent cognitive test and releasing its findings publicly. And of course they're doing that. I mean, again, that's the dead giveaway. If you wanna take a cognitive test, we can all assume what the outcome of that test would be. According to White House visitor logs. Reviewed by the New York Post, Dr. Kevin Kenard, a Parkinson's disease expert at Walter Reed Medical Center. Met with Dr. Kevin O'Connor, a doctor of osteopathic medicine who has treated the president for years.


The visit took place at the White House Residents Clinic, 17th of January. Kenard has visited the White House eight times since August, 2023. Do you have a Parkinson's doctor visiting the White House eight times since August of 2023. Meanwhile, we now know that Hunter Biden is the gatekeeper for the president of the United States. According to Axios, we're now in uncharted historic waters. President Biden backed by First Lady Joe Biden and his convicted son Hunter, who's serving as defacto gatekeeper for longtime friends, says nothing besides an act of God will persuade him to quit his reelect campaign. I mean, that is a career trajectory right there.


Crack cocaine addict felon to gatekeeper. For presidents of the United States, all it takes is daddy in the White House. Pretty amazing stuff. And that's not the only leak. According to Mediaite documents prepared by staff for President Joe Biden ahead of public events were provided to Axios on Sunday showing what not one unnamed staffer described as a detailed verbal and visual instruction on how to enter and exit a room. Axios reported on documents prepared for Biden ahead of events that included some extremely basic instructions with large print and photos that include his precise path to a podium. The article includes two screenshots of the documents. So they literally are giving him sheets that show a picture of his path from behind a curtain to a podium.


And I speak at events all the time. I have never had to be provided an actual photo confirmation of how to get from point A behind a curtain to point B at a podium. Somebody just come to backstage and say, the podium is center stage, end of story. You don't have to provide me an actual picture. But apparently they have to for Joe Biden and it gets worse. So Joe Biden did a radio interview on Friday, and this was supposed to be another one of the examples of Joe Biden demonstrating that he has the stamina and he has the vitality to run this race. And then the radio hosts admitted that they were given questions by Joe Biden's team to ask him directly. By the way, the the radio station then fired the radio host over the weekend. Here was CNN's interview with the radio host.


You each were, you asked four questions and maybe that's what you were allowed to ask by the campaign or the White House. But they were essentially the same questions, both interviews about accomplishments, progress in your respective state, what's at stake in the election, what he has to say about his debate performance and what he would say to voters who think their vote doesn't matter or might sit this election out. Were those questions given to you by the White House or did you have or the campaign, or did you have to submit questions ahead of this interview? The questions were sent to me for approval. I approved them. Okay, so the White House sent the questions to you ahead of the interview?


Yes. Okay. What a disaster area. So she told the truth about the fact that Joe Biden's team actually just gave her the questions and she got fired.


So telling the truth can be dangerous, but here is a dangerous truth. Vegetables are unpleasant. Take brussel sprouts for instance. What are they? Why are they? Well, I don't have to know that much about them. Neither do you. With balance of nature, fruits and veggies, balance of nature, fruits and veggies is the most convenient way to ensure you get your daily intake of fruits and veggies. Balance of nature uses an advanced cold vacuum process that encapsulates fruits and veggies into whole fruit supplements without sacrificing those natural antioxidants. The capsules are completely void of additives, fillers, extracts, synthetics, pesticides are added sugar. The only thing in balance of nature's fruit and veggie capsules are, you know, like the fruits and the veggies. You need nutrients to function at your best each and every day. Balance of nature will help you do just that. They are kosher. So I've been able to use them in my protein smoothies to keep that gun show going strong. Oh yeah. Go to balance of nature.com, use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's balance of nature.com. Promo code Shapiro balance of nature.com. Promo code Shapiro, go check them out right now. When you use promo code Shapiro, get 35% off that first order as a preferred customer and you get a free bottle of Fiber and spice balance of nature.com promo Coach Shapiro.


Meanwhile, by the way, Peter Baker, who's the Times Chief White House correspondent, says, according to the New York Times, that he has started using translation headsets on overseas trips to listen to Biden. Okay? Not to listen to like Emmanuel Macron, 'cause he's speaking in French to try to understand what Biden is saying because he can be like five feet away from Biden and still not pick up exactly what Joe Biden is saying. This is all a full scale disaster. And again, it's nothing new. It's nothing new. This is the part that's amazing. The media are acting shocked and appalled by everything that's happening right now. The only thing they're shocked and appalled by is the fact that the Biden campaign put Biden so out front and center that it became obvious and apparent to everyone that he's in his declining phase of his sunset years.


You'll remember back in October, 2023, Joe Biden walking around with note cards. Remember this? This is a picture of him holding note cards showing not only the name of the reporter he was gonna call on, but her question literally said question number one. So when the radio host says we were provided questions that's been going on four months in just March of this year, here's video of handlers removing the press from like basic scenarios with the presidents of the United States. We're gonna take a few questions. Thank you. Thank, thank you. Press, thank you so much. Bye guys, here all the handlers pushing the press away The press.


Thank you. Amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you. We gotta Go. Incredible job staffers. You're doing great for his part. As Jonathan Carl reports over at a BC News, Joe Biden seems unaware of the danger of this election. He seems unaware that Democrats are abandoning him in drugs, and that's gonna be the story of this week. Again, Congress is back in session as of today. When Congress comes back into session, there'll be reporters all over the house and they'll be asking every Democratic House member, if they believe that Joe Biden is either sentient or whether he can beat Donald Trump. It's gonna be a disaster area for Joe Biden. This week, Biden looked better and certainly more coherent than he looked during the debate, but, but there was nothing in this interview that is calming nerves of jittery Democrats who fear that Joe Biden is on a trajectory to lose this race, to lose to Donald Trump.


In fact, for some of those people, the interview is raising new concerns, particularly the fact that he is unwilling or unaware of the fact that he is in a dire situation here regarding the campaign that he is losing in the view of many Democrats, and frankly in the polls you cited that he is losing to Donald Trump. By the way, those polls currently show Donald Trump is up more than three points in the real clear politics national two-way average. Okay, that's a blowout for Trump, a blowout because the electoral college again favors Donald Trump. There are a bunch of purple states, or Donald Trump could win very slightly and lose the popular vote.


If Donald Trump wins the popular vote by say three or four points in this election cycle, he's gonna win north of 310 electoral votes. It's gonna be a full scale blowout. So the panic has set in among Democrats. According to Axios, a fast growing number of Democrats are praying for and plotting a more earthly intervention as compared to Joe Biden saying that God is gonna come down and tell him, by the way, God already came down and told you in the form of you not being able to form sentences out of your face hole. They want everyone from the Obama's to congressional leaders to beg Biden to drop out by Friday. Biden does have a press conference scheduled for Thursday, but Biden is vowing to stay in. Of course, democratic lawmakers have gone from shock to sadness to madness since the debate 10 days ago. These Democrats further deflated by Biden's high stakes, a, b, C interview, believe there's nothing he can do to reverse the damage or is aging A house Democrats had quote, the bleep is gonna hit the fan on Monday.


When Congress returns, people are scared about their own races, they're also worried about the country and about democracy. Lawmakers were antsy enough about Biden during their 4th of July break this past week. There'll be even greater torque when they're venting, raging and plotting in person. A top democratic operative said quote, every single person not named Biden recognizes how deep a hole he's in.


Well, his whole election cycle might have you tossing and turning in bed at night and that's just another reason you need my friends over at Bo and Branch. Lemme tell you, their stuff is awesome. Have you ever slept too hot? Like this is my constant thing. Until I found Bo and Branch, like I'd have to put my feet outside the blanket and sometimes I want the blanket. Sometimes I don't. Not anymore. Because Bo and Branch is here to help you never sleep hot again with sheets that are woven to allow airflow and feel cool and crisp to the touch. Perfect for people like me who tend to sleep hot. Bo and Branch has amazing options for hot sleepers. You can choose from 100% organic and cotton per kale made with a naturally cooling weave or their linen, which is made from European flax to be light, airy and softer than soft. I'm just telling you, Bo and Branch is amazing. Like they're so good that I personally went into the local bowl and Branch store here in Florida to buy extra stuff because I needed it. Like right now, it's that good. These are truly luxury sheets that get softer every time you wash them. Bowl and Branch sheets are loved by millions of sleepers, including both me and my wife. We took all our other sheets in the house, we threw them away. Best of all Bowl and Branch gives you a 30 night worry free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders. Get your coolest, most comfortable sleep during Boll and Branch's annual summer event. 20% off sitewide plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at boll and Branch dot com slash BEN. That's Boll and Branch. B-O-L-L-A-D Branch dot com slash BEN for 20% off and free shipping limited time only exclusions apply. He site forwards details.


Meanwhile, David Axel Robb wrote a an opinion piece on Saturday beginning denial delusion defiance, essentially saying that Joe Biden is, is in full scale delusion mode if he believes that he can pull this out. Here's the Axel Rod explicating that position on CNN. He seems not to be able to compute the fact that people have these questions about him. He said, I have, you know, when George Stephanopoulos asked him if he'd be willing to take a cognitive test, he said, I take a cognitive test every day. Well, the fact is that may be true, but 75% of the American people think he failed that he fails.


I mean they're, they're they've lost. And so this is a real problem for him and it's something that shows up in every poll. Joe Biden for his part is attempting to do direct outreach, which is quieting zero of the questions about him. According to CBS news, the Biden Harris campaign is stepping up its outreach for lawmakers made growing calls for Biden to step down from the ticket. Biden has personally made 20 calls to congressional members since last month's presidential debate in Atlanta. Okay, 20 ain't gonna do it. 20 is not gonna do it. He's got 200 Democratic members of the Congress and he is got 50 senators. So good luck with that. Mr. President. Last week, the White House said the President spoke with several key allies, including Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries, speaker Emda, Nancy Pelosi, representative Jim Clyburn of South Carolina Center, Chris Koons of Delaware.


Very few of these people, by the way, are coming out in open defense according to Punchbowl News, which again is maybe the best newsletter from Capitol Hill by Jake Sherman. He says, the President's backing among hill Democrats, especially inside the House Democratic Caucus is slipping. The questions of this point are whether that support completely collapses, and if it does, what Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority leader Hakeem Jeffries will do. So far, the two top Democrats have said, little Schumer said he backs Biden. While Jefferies acknowledged Biden's debate performance was bad, but added, I believe a setback is nothing more than a set up for a comeback. There's been some extravagant speculation that Schumer and Jefferies would tell some would somehow lead a high level Democratic delegation to the White House and tell Biden he needs to step aside in favor of Vice President Kamala Harris. That's all wildly premature. We're nowhere near that yet.


What is fair to say is that there's a split among Democrats, house versus Senate swing districts versus safe seats, veteran lawmakers versus their younger colleagues. None of this falls along typical fault lines, however, which makes the situation incredibly difficult to read. But it's clear Biden's support among Hill Democrats is tenuous at best. Many Democrats are expressing strong doubts about whether Biden can win. This includes representative Jim Hymes of Connecticut, Jamie RAs and Maryland on Bayer of Virginia, who held a fundraiser with Biden and said during a call quote, my perfect world is Joe. In deciding after talking to Leader Jeffries, majority leader Schumer and others steps aside, now let's, Kamala will run as the incumbent, which I think makes her even stronger with that. I'm a team player, I'll do whatever the team wants. He also said, Biden has trouble putting two sentences together.


Then when you received a call from the White House, he backtracked and said, quote, I support President Biden. So again, the chaos is absolutely setting in political reports with Democratic lawmakers returning today from an incredibly well-timed congressional recess. A growing cadre among them is preparing to publicly urge Biden to call off his reelect bid. More than that, some want their leaders to nudge him out. This is a full scale disaster area for Joe Biden. Jonathan Martin has a look at how Biden sees a path outta the wilderness. Basically, he's gonna keep doubling down on upper crust, white liberals and black Democrats. He believes that he's gonna get the support of African American Democrats and union allies, and meanwhile he's gonna try to portray all of the Obama types as sort of out of touch.


But a bunch of Democrats, including judiciary Chief Jerry Nadler, are questioning whether Biden can prosecute the case against Donald Trump. Adam Smith, Democrat of Washington insisted that Biden could not fix the damage that was already done. Adam Schiff says that he's concerned that Joe Biden could lose them house seats. When I talked to Democrats, one of the exchanges that frustrated the most from that interview on Friday was when he was asked, what happens if you lose President? Biden said, it's about whether he gave it his all. Is that what it's about? Is that answer satisfying to you? No, that is the answer that most concerned me as well. There are concerns with the impact on down ballot races.


If the President doesn't do well, Is he dragging down down ballot races as we speak? You know, I I at present, our, our down ballot candidates in the Senate and House are doing well. They're all ahead. They are running well ahead of the President, but you can only run so far ahead of the President. Okay, that is Adam Schiff, who's a Democratic party man for sure. Now, there is blowback from some other Democrats, so there's a split inside the Democratic party because here's the thing, if you can't force Joe Biden out, then you're gonna have to backtrack on all this stuff, right? All these Democrats are like, that dude's senile. He can't beat Donald Trump. I mean, forget about beating Donald Trump. If he's senile, he shouldn't be president of the United States. You should be 25th Amendment.


He's the most powerful man in the world and his brain does not function properly, and he makes jokes about his brain not functioning properly as he did last week. I mean, one thing that is obvious to everyone is that if Joe Biden were leading by by 10 points in the polls right now, Democrats would still be maintaining that he's perfectly healthy. So the real problem is that people saw the thing, the emperor's new close were revealed not to exist. The emperor is naked. If Democrats thought that Joe Biden could win, they would still be foisting that dead body on that horse like El Sid. They would be doing that. They're not doing that 'cause they're looking at the poll numbers, but they're still Democrats who are still hedging because they're smart enough to realize that if you can't force Joe Biden outta the race and Joe Biden all has, all he has to do is solve for time here.


Like no one can make Joe Biden leave the race. There's no one, if Joe Biden plans his feet and somehow gets someone to prop him up and just stands there, no one can make him leave. Understand that the deadline on this is coming up really, really, really fast. The day of the debate, which is now some 10 days ago, there were 40 days left to replace Biden on the ticket. We are now like 30 days left to replace Biden on the ticket. After that, he is locked in, right? He's the nominee. Now again, he could theoretically resign the nomination even after he was formally nominated sometime in October or something. So it wouldn't be the end of the story. The ticket would still appear as the ticket, and Kamala Harris would be the person who wins the election.


With that said, if he wants to stick this thing out, all he has to do is stick this thing out for another 30 days and all the questions go away, and Democrats then have to rally around the flag. Here's an M-S-N-B-C panel in defense of Joe Biden, claiming everything is hunky dory. I would suggest that the response of that very small number of Democrats who have really come out after the President and some of the, you know, the media folks that have really come down on him since the, since the election, have done more damage and more harm than the President himself did during that debate. It is naive to think that at this point in the process, you can switch candidates and still defeat Donald Trump.


I really wish Democrats to understand exactly what they're doing right now to their opportunity this November, four months from now. Yes, they, I've just never seen such, such an absolute creation of a wasteland around a candidate by his own people. Okay, in one second, we'll get to more of Democrats who are now trying to defend Joe Biden in the face of all of this. But folks, again, as I've mentioned, Kamala Harris is now the most important person in the country because she's very likely to be either the person who replaces Biden on the ticket. If Biden steps down, it's gonna be her. If Biden steps down from the presidency, it will be President Kamala Harris.


If he were to win the election, certainly should would fill out his second term, which means that she's the most under mentioned person in America right now, and nobody knows anything about her other than she's kind of obnoxious and inauthentic.


But now you can find out everything you need to know about her. Kamala Kamala. Harris Unmasked is my new three part series. We're bringing you a live free premiere tonight, seven Eastern Daily Wire Plus. You wanna be able to tell all your friends what it is about Kamala Harris? That's the problem. This is the series that gives you all the information. It's a deep dive all the way into our history, all the way up till today. I'll be with you for the premiere. I'll be doing a real time live chat with you as it premieres. tonight at Daily Wire Plus, I've been digging deep into Kamala Harris's past, exposing the truth that the legacy media have largely been ignoring. From our calculated climate, California politics to our catastrophic vice presidency. I leave no stone unturned. Every scandal, every a, every radical policy, it's all in there. I'm talking backroom deals, failed presidential campaigns, a vice presidency in chaos. The lies, the inauthenticity, the lack of any centralizing principle. It's a lot worse than you even think. Let's take a look at the trailer for Kamala Kamala. Harris Unmasked. Kamala Harris is a hairs breath from the Oval Office. She's so bad, she's so pathetic. How did she get here? How did someone with such a knack for failure managed to climb the greasy pole to the precipice of the most powerful position in the world? We did it. We did it, Joe. In this documentary podcast, we're peeling back the layers of Kamala Harris' career exposing the scandals, the missteps, and the awkwardness that have come to define her journey. Because here's the ugly truth. Kamala Harris is a scam artist, and that scam artist is now a Harris breath from the Oval Office where her incompetence and inauthenticity aren't just a problem. They're a dangerous existential issue for the United States. Join me in this exclusive three part series, Scamala Kamala Harris Unmasked Stream, episode one Live tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern on Daily Wire Plus. Discover the benefits of becoming a member to support our mission, to fight the left and build the future. Folks, let's be clear, Kamala Harris is the most important person in American politics right now because either she's gonna succeed to Biden now or later. If he wins the left does not want you to know about her. That's part of the game. So, Scamala, Kamala, Harris Unmasked, it premieres live and free tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern, only at Daily, Wire Plus. I'll be there with you, breaking down the facts, taking your questions in real time. You don't wanna be the only one who missed it, okay?


Meanwhile, now again, there are a bunch of Democrats who are looking at Joe Biden and they're figuring, we can't push this guy out. Like if he doesn't wanna go, he ain't gonna go. And in fact, Joe Biden has as of Monday morning put out yet another message saying that he's telling you he's not going right. Again, this is just dream girls. He's not gonna go unless something changes. But, but here's the thing. It can feel the pressure that he can, he can say he's not going until literally the moment he decides to go, right? It's a completely binary decision here. He has put out a lengthy letter of congressional Democrats saying that he's not going to drop out of the race. He says, quote, we are the ones lowering cost for families from healthcare to prescription drugs, to student debt, to housing. We are standing up for American democracy after January 6th.


Trump has proven he's unfit to ever hold the office of president. We can never allow him anywhere near that office again, and we never will. The question of how to move forward has been well aired for over a week. Now it's time for it to end. We have one job, and that is to beat Donald Trump. We have 42 days to the Democratic Convention, and 119 days to the general election, and in weakening of resolve or lack of clarity about the task ahead only helps Trump and hurts us. It's time to come together, move forward as a unified party and defeat Donald Trump. So he's, he's basically saying, everybody shut up. Just stop. Just shut up. And Democrats, some of them are obeying his orders. That would include Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut who says, don't worry. he doesn't need a cognitive test. He needs a cognitive test. By the way, I don't really know what the, the substance of those tests are, whether the measurement would be impactful for voters that have questions.


I I, I think it's much more important for the President to be in a conversation with voters this week in an unscripted way to show that he is still the old Joe Biden. I think that would be a much more effective way to answer people's questions than, you know, some medical test. Do you believe that at this point, Joe Biden could beat Donald Trump and stop the litany of things that you just listed from happening? Oh, Absolutely. Okay. Now he's, he's shaking his head well, he says absolutely there because Democrats don't actually believe this. But again, the comedy cavalcade that is the Democratic Party is split right down the middle.


You have a bunch of people who are saying, no, no, he has to stay. And then you have a bunch of people who are subtle vce under the breath saying he's got to go. So some of the people who are saying that he has to stay are people like Representative Debbie Dingle. Just last week she was pointing out that he's basically losing it now. She says, we have his back. I had people in parades shout at me, tell him to stay. We have his back union halls. Why are people saying this? I mean, I really do think that as much as you're hearing a lot of different opinions from other people, that's what's happening. Did you have Representative Jasmine Crockett doing the same at routine from Texas? She says we have to rally behind him. 'cause if we don't, Trump's gonna win. The difference between the Democrats and the Republicans could not be more stark in so many ways.


One of those ways that I think about is the fact that even those Democrats that are calling for the President to step aside, they're not calling for the President to step aside because they think that Joe Biden's a terrible person because they think that he's a failure. They're calling for him to step aside because they are scared. The only thing that I'm asking everyone to do is to unite around the ticket. The ticket at this point in time is Biden and Harris. And so long as the President says that he can do this job, then that is our ticket. Okay, notice the present tense. There he is the president. I mean, that's true right now. Bernie Sanders was called outta the woodwork. Now what, what's amazing about Bernie Sanders that Bernie is the same age as Joe Biden, right?


Bernie Sanders right now is 82. He's a year older than Joe Biden, but he sounds way more alive than Joe Biden, right? Here's Bernie in defense of Joe Biden, a man one year younger than he is. What we are talking about now is not an a Grammy Award contest for best singer Biden is old. He's not as articulate as he once was. I wish he could jump up the steps on Air Force One. He can't. What we have got to focus on is policy. President Biden can clearly defeat Donald Trump, the most dangerous president in the history of this country. And the choice is quite clear. Now, it is worth pointing out at this point that according to the real clear politics, polling average Trump is ahead in Arizona by five in Nevada, by five in Wisconsin, by two in Michigan, by one in Pennsylvania, by almost five in Georgia by four.


These are terrible numbers for Joe Biden. That is the real reason why you're seeing all of this heartburn. The other problem that Democrats have is that there's no sure answer to the question as to whether replacing him on the ticket with Kamala Harris would actually be good. Now, Kamala is hedging her bets. She did an appearance over the weekend with CEO of Essence Ventures. Carolyn wga, who looks like an outtake from Hunger Games in which she studiously avoided mentioning Joe Biden's name because let's be real about this. Half the leaks from the White House are probably coming from Kamala Harris's office where she plays solitaire and leaks about Joe Biden all day. This is probably the most significant election of our lifetime.


You know, we have said it every four years, but this here one is it That is A look. We are looking at Dr. Sue's character at an election that will take place in 122 days, 122. We are on one side. You have the former president who is running to become president again, who has openly talked about his admiration of dictators and his intention to be a dictator on day one, who has openly talked about his intention to weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. It literally Weaponized the video Day against a, by the way, a 22 days. We each have the power to decide what kind of country country we want to live in, Okay?


She's so radically inauthentic. Again, go check out our three part podcast series, our three part documentary series tonight, Kamala Kamala Harris Unmasked, 7:00 PM Eastern premieres over at Daily Wire Plus. I'll be at live chatting with you. We go through everything with regard to Kamala Harris because we are now in the middle of 92nd look at Kamala Harris because the reality is this campaign is now about her. It's not about Joe Biden's future. He has no future as of the year 2025, whether he's elected or whether he's not elected, he will not be president anymore. And we all know this, which means that she would be the president of the United States. So the media are already starting to sort of dredge up some fake enthusiasm for her, and no one has enthusiasm for Kamala Harris. Remember, she ran a horrible presidential campaign where she failed so dramatically she had to drop out before her home state of California, despite the fact that very early on she was actually leading the race.


Then she was out in the political wilderness until George Floyd died. At which point Joe Biden in an act of political desperation picked her 'cause he needed a black woman on the ticket. Now, we're all supposed to forget, by the way, that she was picked because she was a black woman. I love this idiot game that the media loved to play, where they say out loud, she was picked because she's a black woman and it's very, very historic that she's a black woman. And then when we say that's racist to pick her 'cause she's a black woman, that she's a DEI candidate, meaning that she was picked for diversity, equity, and inclusion. Not, not out of merit, not 'cause she was the best person for vp. Not 'cause she was the most qualified person to be a Harris's breath from the presidency, but because she was a black woman. And Joe Biden said it at the time. If you note that, it's now racist. So Nina Turner, who is a, a former Bernie Sanders surrogate, tweeted out, this is racism.


Why? 'cause the New York Post tweeted out a headline, America may soon be subjected to the country's first DEI, president Kamala Harris. That's not racist. Joe Biden literally said it. Judd Laumum Gumma Gum, who is a, a pseudo journalist, he put out a tweet saying, I guess we are now using DEI as a replacement for racial slurs. No, we're saying that she was appointed because of her race, because Joe Biden said she was appointed because of her race. Gavin Newsom, governor of California, who is desperately sad that he's not the vice president right now, he tweeted out Joe Biden is our next president, and this is straight up racist. Both of those two things are false. One of my favorite things about the games that the left plays with regard to race is it's like the most, it's the world's dumbest version of who's on first.


Truly, it's like an idiot version of who's on first. The old Abbot and Costello routine, where they're going back and forth about the player who plays first base for the local team. His name is who? Who, yeah, his name is who, right? That's the, that's the Democrat party with regard to this sort of stuff. Biden says something like, I'm selecting a black woman from IVP and the G's like, that's racist. And Democrats are like, no, that's racist. And the GO p's like, what is, and Democrats say it's saying it's racist to select a black woman vp, G P's like, but, but that's literally racist to select a woman, black vp just because of her characteristics. And Dems are like, what is racist? And G P's like racism. And Democrats are like wrong. Racism is not racist. Nothing.


Noticing racism is actually the racist thing. Third base, like it's, it's so stupid and ridiculous. But this is the game that Democrats are now playing about Kamala Harris, and they have to, because she stinks. She's terrible at her job. This is one reason I would assume why the New York Times, Ezra Klein is like, maybe we should do a mini primary instead. Now, she ain't that great in the interview on CNN Clyburn said on Wednesday, if Biden leaves the race, the party should hold a mini primary. He said, you can actually fashion the process that's already in place to make it a mini primary. I'd support that. Absolutely. We can't close that down. We should open up everything for the general election. I think Kamala Harris would've quit herself very well in that kind of a process, but then it would be fair to everybody. That's Jim Claran going. I don't like Kamala Harris. Nobody likes Kamala Harris. There's a reason you should not like Kamala Harris.


Again, check out our three part documentary series, Kamala Kamala. Harris Unmasked tonight, 7:00 PM Eastern over at Daily Wire Plus. The problem for Kamala Harris is of course, her being Kamala Harris because she's really not all that intelligent like she, she's constantly saying dumb things.


Well, you know what else is dumb? Not getting life insurance. Like if you're Joe Biden, you better have life insurance. Right now. Getting life insurance will give you peace of mind knowing that if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. Policy Genius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. Policy Genius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers and find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job. PolicyGenius works for you. Knock the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. Save time, save money. Provide your family with financial safety net using PolicyGenius. Head on over to Policy Genius dot com slash shapiro to Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro. Once more, policygenius.com/shapiro to get started.


Meanwhile, Donald Trump is playing it very smart in this campaign. Again, I think the incentive structures and the way Donald Trump thinks about campaigns has changed in 2024. In 2016, Trump thought there was no way he was gonna win. So he said anything he wanted to say in 2020, Trump thought there was no way he could lose so he could say anything he wanted to say in 2024. He's being very, very careful. So that's one reason why, for example, he's been out ripping on Project 2025 'cause Democrats have been going after the Heritage Foundations project 2025. And so Trump came back and said, I don't like it, which is a great way to take it off the table in the same way that he's now taken abortion off the table for Democrats now he's begging Joe Biden to stay in the race. He put a post out on truth social saying, crooked Joe Biden should ignore his many critics and move forward with alacrity and strength.


With his powerful and far reaching campaign. He should be sharp, precise, and energetic, just like he was in the debate in selling his policies of open borders where millions of people, including record numbers of terrorists, are allowed to enter our country from prisons and mental institutions, totally unchecked and unvetted to ending social security, men playing in women's sports, high taxes, high interest rates, encouraging aw woke, military uncontrollable inflation record-setting crime only electric vehicles subservient to China and other countries, endless wars putting America lasts, losing our dollar-based standard and so much more. Yes, sleepy Joe should continue his campaign of American destruction and make China great again. I have no notes. He is, he is correct about all of that. Meanwhile, the Veep stakes are ongoing in Trumpland. So Trump was supposed to announce a VP candidate this week.


He ain't gonna do that. He's gonna wait until right before the RNC now because why interrupt Democrats while they're in the middle of melting down? The three top candidates for the vp, according to many reports at this point, are Doug Bergham, who's the governor of North Dakota, JD Vance, the senator from Ohio, and Marco Rubio, the senator from Florida. All of them made appearances on the weekend shows here. Was Doug Bergham making his case for why he ought to be Donald Trump's vp. If you were put on the ticket as vice president, what would you bring to that ticket? Well, Larry, I appreciate that, the question, but I think, again, there's one person that gets to the side that's President Trump. He's gonna make a great decision. He's gonna figure out at the time of his choosing among a bunch of great candidates who's gonna bring what he needs for the for the country, and he'll choose the right governing partner.


He'll choose the right person that can help him win an election. And then the thing that that we've been focused on, I've been focused on, I think every American should focus on, is getting President Trump elected. So Bergham again is doing what it takes to become Donald Trump's vice president. He's basically just saying, I support the guy. This is the attraction of Doug Bergham to Donald Trump is that Doug Bergham does not make any sort of headlines. Doug Bergham will presumably do some sort of debate with Kamala Harris. If she's not the nominee, he will that that vice presidential debate will solve very few questions for the Democrats. Bergham will acquit himself fine against Kamala Harris. Mike Pence acquitted himself fine against Kamala Harris, and he won't be a giant huge distraction on the campaign trail.


The same probably cannot be said for JD Vance who's drawing all sorts of attention right now. Now, JD is a super smart guy. We've had him on the show before, the author of Hillbilly Elegy, senator from Ohio. He has moved in a significantly more economically populist direction also in terms of foreign policy over the course of the last four years. With that said, he's obviously a super smart guy, jd, he's very aggressive, and Senator Vance is becoming the focus of a lot of media attention that's pr, in my opinion. That's the reason why Trump is less likely to pick him is because Vance draws more fire and Donald Trump doesn't actually want anybody on the ticket who draws fire. He would like the entire focus not to be on the evil dangers of Project 2025 JD Vance and the reshift of the Republican Party that that Vance, in other words, has a very strong brand that is not true of say Doug Bergham.


Here was JD Vance over the weekend. Let me, I have to ask you about Veep stakes. Of course. Have you gotten the call from Donald Trump? Has he asked you to be his running mate? I have not gotten the call. Kristen, and I'll, I'll, I'll certainly, you know, maybe not the first person that I'd let know if that happened, but we will let the media know if I ever get that call. But most importantly, Kristen, we're just trying to work to elect Donald Trump, whoever his vice president is, he's got a lot of good people he could choose from. It's the policies that worked and the leadership style that worked for the American people. I think we have to bring that back to the Weiss house and I'm fighting to try to do that. Okay, so that's JD Vance, another one of the contenders. And then meanwhile you have Marco Rubio who is making his own case. Now the Rubio case is very good, right?


He is not perceived as supremely controversial. Rubio is obviously a Latino person, which means presumably that Trump will try to use him as outreach to the Latino community. The big problem for Rubio is that Rubio's resident of Florida, so he actually has to change his residence in order to become vp because otherwise Donald Trump forfeits the state of Florida's votes. You're not allowed to have a president and a vice president together from the same state, or the votes in that state go away. So Rubio would have to change his residency, presumably to some place like Nevada. Here he was over the weekend, He has repeatedly said that his revenge will be to make America great again, to undo all their bad public policies. Well, let ask you about way he was president for four years.


He didn't go after Hillary Clinton. He didn't go after Joe Biden, he didn't go after Barack Obama. He didn't go after any other Feelable. You're telling me right now. Now didn't see under him what we're seeing now, you're Telling me right now that a second Trump administration would not go after any Democrats, any of his political opponents. Full stop. You can you confidence that that wouldn't happen. Yeah, I he was president before and he didn't do it then. He's already said that he wouldn't do that. he, he he'll be too busy undoing all the damage of this disastrous presidency. Again, Rubio is very smooth. He's a good talker. He's excellent in defense, and he will bring in, you presume, more Latino votes.


So Rubio might be the front runner, but those are the final three right now. Apparently Burham, Vance and Rubio, according to all of the major reports. Okay, now big news from France. So France is melting down. The reason that France is melting down is because Emmanuel Macron, who's the leader of the so-called centrist party, decided that he was going to effectively throw this election to the far left communists in France. The far left communists in France are full on apologists for terrorism. That would be the party of Milan Sean. Okay, that particular party is far left. Okay. They're like Bernie Sanders or Jeremy Corbin. That's how far left they are. He has called French Jews, quote, an arrogant minority that lectures to the rest. He's refused to condemn October 7th.


He's refused to call Hama Group. He praises Hugo Chavez and Nicholas Maduro. He cheered Vladimir Putin's invasion of Crimea. That's who Milan is, and his party just won the largest share of seats in the French National Assembly. According to the Wall Street Journal, a coalition of leftist parties won the most seats in France. Parliamentary elections, a stunning come from behind victory, fueled by a groundswell of opposition to Marine lap pen's, anti-immigrant forces, the new popular front, a coalition of parties that includes Socialists greens and far left France Unbowed garnered 182 seats in the 577 seat National Assembly. According to an analysis of the interior ministry's final tally, by pulling from a lab, the party of President Emmanuel Macron and its allies won 163 seats.


Lap Penant National Rally and its allies scored 143 seats. So what actually happened here? So there are two rounds of the election. The way that it works is there's a first, first round, and then the top two candidates in any particular district run against each other in the second round. So they sort of have runoffs. Macron decided to side with the left instead of with the right, instead of deciding with National Rally, he went to his own party. He said, in any election where we are currently coming in third or second, even if we're coming in second, but we're gonna lose to lap Pen's party, we'll drop out and throw our support to the left wing candidate in Milan's party. So we'd rather have Milan win the biggest share rather than letting National Rally win the biggest share, or a majority in the French National Assembly.


So he made the overt choice to side with actual communists rather than National Rally led by Maren Lapin because she's anti-immigration, despite the fact that National Rally actually happens to be a party that, for example, does not hate France as opposed to Milan's party, which actually does hate France, and it is perfectly fine and actually quite good with open immigration, particularly from radical Muslim countries. The actual French results are absolutely bizarre. If you look at the popular vote result in these elections, national Rally and its allies won 37.3% of all the votes, Macron and his allies won 22.3% of all the votes. New popular front, which is the far left, won 26.9% of all the votes, which means that National Rally, by far had the largest popular vote.


Turnout didn't matter. They won 142 seats. New popular Front won 178 seats. Again, that's because of the coordination between Macron and Milan. Sean, again, this is Manuel Macron's fault. Emanuel Macron decided that the the right was so dangerous that they could only be stopped by the communists, and so he decided to throw his support in swing districts effectively to the communists, such that even though the party with the largest number of votes was National rally, they end up with the third largest number of seats in the National Assembly, which is kind of reminiscent of what just happened in the UK where the conservatives won about 24% of the vote share and reform, which is Nigel Farage's party.


Also on the right one 14%. So that's 38%. Labor only won 34%, but they ended up with 65% of all the seats in the Parliament. So again, the system is very weird in both France and the uk. In any case, Milan's big victory last night led to wait for it riots. Of course, the the French, the the French left, they were gonna riot whether they won or they lost because this is what they do because they hate the country and they actually wish to see it. Byrna downs. They rioted even after they won a slow clap for the geniuses in France, including Emmanuel Ren, who decided that these jackets need to run the country According to GB News.


Following the surprising exit poll, tens of thousands of left, left-wing supporters gathered in Paris's place, plus the, to celebrate the victory of the alliance in the snap election, demonstrators set fireworks a light lip flares and climbed the statue of France's, beloved Maryanne, which is the French Republic's symbolic person, personification of liberty. I Fraternite Riot Police were deployed to the scene. Tear gas was fired into the crowd. The crowd remained jubilant and continued to, to chant young people. Screw the national front. Apparently some 30,000 riot police, including 5,000 in Paris, had to be deployed to ensure that the radical right and radical left do not take advantage of the situation. But not a lot of, not a lot of evidence that the radical right was out burning things down last night.


There's a lot of unrest from the radical left because any excuse to Byrna things down and they'll do it now. Reen lap pen and her party, she says, we'll get 'em next time because we won the largest share of votes. The problem is, if the centrist side with the radical left, they've made a choice that is in fact a choice. They're no longer centrist. They're fellow travelers with the communists and the media of course focus all their ire on Maureen Lapin and the so-called Radical, right? And Francois ignoring the evils and hypocrisies of the radical left communist side in France. Here is Christiana Amanpour, who's legitimately the worst reporter in major news. She's a liar. She's awful Here. She was trying to label Maureen Lapin far right on the basis of the fact that she's anti-immigration.


I strongly dispute the term far right, which in your country refers to small groups that are extremely radical and violent, if you like the equivalent. You don't think, you don't think you're far right. The equivalent of what we are in the United States is between the center right and the center left with regards to ideas. So I think this, You're kidding me, right? Yes, yes. I'm telling you very honestly, I think this use of the term far right carries a stigma and is very pejorative. She's right, of course, but Christian Amour pretending that you are kidding me, right, is an actual journalistic question, is an absurdity.


So what exactly are the communists promising the new popular front? They are promising to lower the retirement age to 60. So France already bankrupt. They wanna lower the retirement age from its current, 64 to 60, they want to reinstate a wealth tax. The wealth tax in France was such a failure that France had to revise itself and then go back and and redo it. Dole out more housing BEN benefits and boost public sector wages linking them to inflation. So to jack up the inflation in France, they're going to now link public sector wages with the inflation. So you have a wage price spiral in France. The measures would cost a hundred billion euros in 2025. That's $108 billion. Melanie SCH said the new popular front will apply its program, nothing but its program.


And this is the fault of Emmanuel Macron. So the current prime minister of France who has very little power, the president of France has a lot of power. He's part of the Macron party. He offered his resignation on Monday. Macron asked him to remain temporarily to ensure the country's stability. Totally unclear what happens now, because usually in France, one party or the other wins a majority in the National Assembly. That didn't happen. So now there's gonna have to be some weird coalition instead of bringing clarity, as the Wall Street Journal points out, Macron's Maneuver has driven the country into political fog. Avoiding a hung parliament will be hard in a lower house divided in three by large blocks of diametrically opposed agendas. Former president Francois Halan, who is a disaster area, a socialist who was elected Sunday, told French tv. He expected Mount CN to meet with the heads of the major political parties and tried to find a path through territory he described as uncharted.


Again, all of this was because Macron would not impose any restrictions in serious ways on immigration. That led to the rise of the right-wing party in France, and just like in the uk, there was then a rebellion by the left that ended up siding with the centrist. The results for France and the UK are going to be absolutely disastrous. By the way, following the success of the right-wing national rally party in Sunday's, first round of friends parliamentary election, the Grand Synagogue of Paris, chief Rabbi Mosha SBA cast out on the future of Jews in France. He said, it's clear today there is no future for Jews in France. He said this on Monday. This is about the left wing being elected. I tell everyone who is young to go to Israel or a more secure country that is the Paris chief rabbi telling Jews in France, they have no life left there.


They need to go. He said, every country has its history. Its history is part of its identity. The moment you feel part of a country's history, it doesn't become another country's history after generations. The French Jews are very French and feel very French. That was a couple of days ago, and now he says that because of the radical increase of radical leftism and radical Islam that Jews should leave. So again, that is a pretty grave warning. Meanwhile, in the uk, it turns out that elections have consequences as well. Kira Starmer is the new prime minister of the UK with an overwhelming majority in the UK Parliament, despite winning less of a combined vote than all of the votes on the right one, like 34% of the vote.


And he ends up with an historic majority in Parliament as well as the prime ministership. Here he was receiving a call from Slow Joe Biden, Mr. Prime Minister, congratulations. What a hell of a victory. Congratulations. Thank you, Mr. President. It's, it's been a long night and day. I've been busy appointing my cabinet during the course of this afternoon. So thank you very much for your congratulations and fortuitously, we will see each other next week. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you in Washington and having the opportunity obviously to sit down properly. I'm looking forward to it as well. There's no doubt your leadership, our two countries are gonna continue our best relationship.


Oh wow. I mean, this is gonna be great leadership, right? The first two things that Kira Starmer did as the new Prime Minister. He says he wants to reduce the number of people going to prison by simply cutting sentences, by simply cutting at the sentences in half. Okay? So good luck. Good luck, Bri. Hope you let criminals on your streets. Apparently he said we need to be clear about the way in which we use prisons for so many people who come out of prison, they're back in prison relatively quickly afterward. That's a massive problem. We do need to break that. he said, I've sat in the back of I don't know how many criminal courts and watched people process through the system on an escalator to go to prison. I've often reflected many of them could have been taken outta that system earlier if they'd had support. So they're gonna go easy on crime.


In Britain also, so are killing the anti-immigration efforts of the Tories. One of those anti-immigration efforts was an effort to deport illegal immigrants from Rwanda. Kiir Summer said the Rwanda deportation policy is quote, dead and buried. The Prime Minister said he was not prepared to continue with gimmicks as he confirmed a multimillion pound plan to send some asylum seekers to Kigali is to be scrapped. So get ready for a vast wave of more immigration to the uk. Hope that the UK and France are ready for what's about to hit them, because if it's been bad for the past 20 years in terms of immigration, get ready for more. Michelle Holbeck looks like a prophet now. Not like the radical right winger. The press painted him as when his books came out.


So this is what happens when countries decide that they're going to sell themselves down the river. In pursuit of left-wing radicalism, we'll see how it works out for them. Alright, guys, coming up, we'll get to how the rest of the world is responding to Western


weakness. Remember tonight, the premier of Scamala, Kamala Harris Unmasked, everything you've needed to know about Kamala Harris. Everything your family and friends need to know about Kamala Harris, who is very likely to be either the Democratic nominee or the President if Joe Biden wins. That Premier is tonight 7:00 PM Eastern at Daily Wire Plus. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us


This July. Nashville will become the center of freedom Finance in America's future at Bitcoin 2024. Learn why Bitcoin has emerged as a pivotal issue in the upcoming US presidential election. Meet the companies who are creating prosperity in the American energy and finance industries. Speak freely about inflation war and censorship, and meet the minds who are committed to fighting for freedom. Come for the parties and entertainment and connect with people who truly care about our economic future and are unafraid to voice their opinions. Mark your calendars for July 25th through the 27th and join us in Nashville for Bitcoin 2024. Grab your tickets today. Visit b TC slash 2024 and use promo code DailyWire 10 for 10% off. Your invitation to the future is waiting.