
Your summer is about to get a major upgrade. Get ready to power up your home with Wayfair's Black Friday in July for four days only. July 26th through July 29th, you can Get up to 80% off everything home. That's right. Save big on rugs, bedroom and living room updates, home decor, outdoor, and way more from furniture to faucets way. Bear has fines for every style and every home. But hurry, these deals won't last long. Need a new patio set to soak up the sun. You got it. How about a sofa? That's just right for summer movie marathons. We got you covered. And guess what we are throwing in free shipping Sitewide Plus for 12 hours only score. Can't miss flash deals. Just when you thought Summer couldn't get any better. Don't Miss Wayfair's Black Friday in July, only from July 26th through 29th. What are you waiting for? Head over to wayfair.com to start shopping our lowest prices of the summer. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Well folks, we're gonna get to all the news surrounding President Biden. Will he stay or will he go today? He has a big press conference at 5:30 PM Eastern Time, which is after his bedtime. We are told that he's been trying to restrict his activities to between like 11:00 AM and 4:00 PM So he is really stretching himself by going all the way till five 30 for this presser tonight. A lot of people talking about whether it is a make or break moment for him. The problem of course, is that Dr. Joe Biden has super glued his ass to the floor, In the Oval Office, and there is no way to physically move him unless he wishes to be moved. We'll get to that in a moment. First, I have to discuss with you my trip to Capitol Hill yesterday. So as a human, I try to avoid Washington DC as frequently as possible.


There are nice buildings there. The problem is it's filled with government and it turns out that government is filled with idiots. And so yesterday we did a congressional hearing. The hearing was In the House Judiciary Committee, and it was about issues surrounding a collusive, quasi conspiratorial group called gm, the Global Alliance for Responsible Media. That group is essentially a consortium of 90% of the advertising market. They sign up with gm. GM sets a pseudo objective standard for what can be advertised on and what cannot be advertised on that pseudo objective standard, of course cuts universally against conservatives. So what they do is they label unsafe sites like The, Daily, Wire, or shows like mine or shows like Joe Rogan or places like X.


This is one of their goals. They try to cudgel all of these social media sites or shows or conservative outlets into compliance with their idea of things that ought to be said. So I was on the hill testifying about all of that. Here is some of my opening statement We're In the midst of a trust crisis In, the World of Media, which is because so many In, the legacy media have lied in order to preserve left-leaning narratives. To take just the most recent example, we are told by the legacy media that President Biden was just fine for years. Anyone who questioned his health and mental fitness was trafficking in cheap fakes. And then President Biden went out and engaged in a full scale mental collapse on stage in front of hundreds of millions of people. So We can see why Americans, at least Americans who are not Democrats, do not trust the media.


The question isn't really why the legacy media have lost Americans trust. We know that answer. The question is why despite that loss of trust, the legacy media continued to gain share In the advertising market. And the answer is simple. There is in fact an informal pressure system created by democratic legislators. This White House legacy media advertisers and pseudo objective brand safety organizations. That system guarantees that advertising dollars flow only to left-wing media brands. And so the hearing was fairly long. It started about 10:00 AM it ended about 2:30 PM somewhere in that neighborhood it was a little spicy. There were some Democrats who decided that they were not going to talk about the issue at hand, namely the collusive attempt by advertising agencies, social media bros, and government, right?


Because again, Democrats have been pushing for intervention in these markets for years. And so what happens is that advertisers and social media bros in an attempt to avoid the scrutiny of people like Diane Feinstein, who has been consistently threatening until her death. Obviously she was consistently threatening social media for years with regulation if they would not quote unquote regulate themselves. She's not the only one that are members of the committee before whom I was speaking. People like ranking member Jerry Nadler, people like head of the Congressional Progressive Caucus per mil Jayapal who have openly called for regulation of social media. If social media allows messages they don't like, they call it misinformation or hate speech, but it really is just messages they don't like. So instead of talking about all that, some of the Congress people decided that it would be fun to talk about other things.


One of the things they kept saying over and over and over was Project 2025, while Democrats are trying to distract from the fact that they have a terrible record, but the record is in fact terrible, including of course a 40 year inflationary spiral.


You've heard me talk for a long time about how you can actually save money with PureTalk. PureTalk is half the cost of other big phone providers. Now you might be thinking, what's the catch? There's no way PureTalk can offer unlimited talk text and plenty of data for just 20 bucks a month. I say, well, I mean just ask the thousands of my other listeners who have already switched over. They're loving America's Most Dependable 5G network. They love Pure Talk's, US customer service, their selection of premium phones, the money they're saving month to month. So what exactly are you waiting for? It's time to start supporting companies who share your values like creating American jobs and supporting our veterans. It's time to switch your cell phone service over to PureTalk Plus with no contract and a 30 day money back guarantee you've got nothing to lose. Visit PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to upgrade your cell phone service to America's Most Dependable 5G network and save an extra 50% off your very first month of coverage. That's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today. Again, PureTalk dot com slash shapiro save an extra 50% off your very first month of coverage. I've been using PureTalk myself for years at this point. Their coverage is excellent and of course I am saving money and they don't hate my values. I don over to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today to get started.


So for those who don't know, the Democrats have been trying for the last week or so to try to misdirect away from the fact that their president is no longer sentient by shouting Project 2025. So for example, Joe Biden just the other day tweeted out Google Project 20 25 5. Naturally, a lot of people then did Google Project 2025. So yesterday at the hearing, let's say half the Democrats In the House Judiciary Committee decided to rail about Project 2025, which has literally nothing to do with the subject of this particular committee hearing. One of the people who is doing that was Representative Eric Swalwell, who I think just kind of wanted to have a Twitter battle but in real life. So we had a bit of a colorful exchange.


The representative and I here is what that sounded like. Mr. Shapiro, thank you for joining us today. I, I think it is important that you're here as one of the leading conservative voices In the country and and the country has In the last couple weeks. Talked a lot about and Googled Pro Project 2025. It's one of the most Googled search terms right now and you're not gonna get any censorship from me. So I just wanted to know from your perspective, I think it would help us understand on just like a scale of zero to 100%, how much do you support project 2025?


I think like President Trump, I haven't looked all that deeply at Project 2025, but it seems that Democrats on this committee, sort of like Peter Pan and Tinkerbell, if they say Project 2025 enough, their presidential candidate becomes alive again. So obviously everybody In the room knew what I was saying was true, including Swalwell, who to his credit laughs Because the reality of course is that he had representative Hank Johnson. He came and he just said, project 2025. Over and over and over and over. You had other members of Congress. You had Mary, Mary Gay Scanlon from state of Pennsylvania. She also was just referencing Project 2025 over and over and over. So you know, they, they all know that what I'm saying is true, that this is an attempt to breathe life back into a failing candidacy.


And you know, even SW Wall had to laugh at it 'cause again, true. But then Swalwell decided that he was just gonna make his entire five minute questioning time about Project 2025, which I'll be honest with you, I haven't read. And the reason I haven't read it is because it's 922 pages. I promise you Eric Swalwell has also not read Project 2025. Probably no one who's criticizing Project 2025 has read Project 2025. Certainly President Trump has not read Project 2025. So yeah, the swalwell is questioning me about this and what he's really questioning me about, I assume is just being a conservative. And the idea is that being a conservative is just evil. That's that, that's the, i I don't think it went particularly well for Representative Swalwell here. You probably want less bureaucracy, right?


I do. I want less bureaucracy. You want more efficiency? I do. I want less efficient, more efficiency. You want taxpayer money spent wisely. I do. Congrats on becoming a Republican. Yeah, My parents would be proud. Mass deportations, it calls for that. Do you support that part? I support the deportation of any illegal immigrant who's In the United States, who is not of benefit to the generalized American public. So if they're picking agriculture that puts food on the tables of everyday Americans, they've never committed a crime inside the United States. They didn't come across with documents. Should they be deported If they have not paid taxes and if they're draw on the taxpayer benefits are larger than the contribution they're making to the economy, or if they're involved in criminal activity, they should be deported.


How do we measure that? The same way that the IRS measures my income every year, it seems like if the IRS can track down every aspect of every receipt that I've ever submitted, and if you, so if they were willing hundreds of millions of other Americans, they can do that for illegal immigrants as well, except for the fact that no one knows how many are In the country thanks to this administration. So You would be cool with creating a system where they could pay those taxes if they wanted to and then stay and work and put food on our table. It depends on how long it would take for them to pay the taxes and they would also have to go presumably to the back of the line. Although I'm not sure why I'm testifying about immigration policy at this point. How about banning the abortion pill that's part of Project 2025. Do you support that part? I think that that's a state by state issue. On a personal level, you know, I'm I'm just asking you pro I I'm sure I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a fully pro-life person, which means that I'm not in favor of the distribution of the abortion pill Banning same-sex marriage.


What about that part? I am in favor of traditional marriage between a man and a woman. And I'm perfectly fine with anyone having any sort of voluntary sexual arrangement they seek. That's a different thing from whether the government should attach benefits to that personal relationship. But you think it's a sin to have same sex marriage? I mean, I'm I'm confused. Are you asking me as a religious Jew what I think about biblically? I'm just asking is it a sin to be gay? Is it a sin to be gay? I mean, how long do we have here? Two minutes. I mean, if the, if the basic idea is that sexual orientation is up for government regulation, I'm not in favor of the government regulating the private consenting sexual activity of adults. That is a different thing once again, from whether the government ought to engage in actual benefits for particular sexual arrangements that adults make.


But again, just you, you to me, is it a sin or not? From a religious Jewish perspective, orientation is not a sin, but activity is, that's also the same perspective of most major religions so far as I'm aware. Okay. And and how about cutting social security? Do you support that part of 2025? I'm, I'm not sure what project 25, 20 20 five's position on social security is. I'm, I'm in favor of the restructuring of social security along the lines of privatization and lowering and, and increasing the retirement age because you as well as every other congress person knows social security is going to go bankrupt and yet everyone seems to have an interest in lying about it for the next decade and a half until we have to take austerity measures or radically increase inflation or taxes And, and bans against books about slavery.


Do you support that part about Why would I possibly be in favor of bans about books about slavery? That that would be good answer. Absolutely ridiculous. What I am in favor of is the idea that school libraries should be able to make decisions along the lines of what exactly is appropriate for say, a seventh grader and whether they ought to be treated to cartoons and gender queer. That's not quite the same thing. And, and just 'cause we found some receipts, you did say, I think homosexual activity is a sin. Yes. I'm religious you. That's true. I'm sure there's a genetic component. You found me out Orientation, but the view of all religious people I know has always been that sexual behavior is something that is up to you. And you said I may have a desire to sleep with many women, but I do not. I agree With me. Yes, that's true. Congratulations on your Yeah, I'm sure it's very hard to restrain yourself.


Mr. Chairman, I just want to shift to Alvin Bragg. He was supposed to be here this week And then he starts, he's randomly talking about Alvin Bragg and, and the hearings. I would have jumped in at this point and said that Eric Swalwell is probably the last person in America who should talk about the difficulty of struggling with, for example, men as a genetic matter, wanting to sleep with many women. Eric Swalwell personal history is quite checkered. I decided not to bring that up In, the Congressional hearing. But again, it just shows you what Democrats are trying to do. Do they actually wanna talk about the issues that are on the table? Of course not. What they actually want to do is misdirect to a bunch of issues they don't fully understand.


And how many questions can you be asked by a Congress person where the premise is just completely wrong? Seth didn't go amazing for Representative Swalwell and we hope he gets well soon. In any case, back to the topic of the actual hearing, one of the things that became clear from the House Judiciary committee report is that the Global Alliance on Responsible Media didn't just target The Daily Wire, which they suggested was well out of bounds for advertisers or Joe Rogan. They also targeted Twitter slash x. The report said that GM tried to direct all of its members corporate giants, who together account for 90% of global advertising dollars to quote, stop all paid advertisement on the platform after Elon Musk purchased it. And we have the emails, Rob Ow, who is the head of Gar rm, he was emailed by one of the advertisers or one of the advertising agencies says, says, hi Rob.


I'm reaching out to ask you if it's possible to arrange a meeting and hear more about your perspectives about the Twitter situation and a possible boycott from many companies. And Reitz then responded. Hi both. This is good. I did some tweaking on the edges to help contextualize who we are and what we are doing. I'd like to point out that nowhere in this email is the, you may recognize my name from being the idiot who challenged Musk on brand safety issues Since then. There are 80% below revenue forecasts happy face emoji. This prompted Elon Musk to announce today that X has no choice but to file suit against the perpetrators and collaborators In the advertising boycott racket. Hopefully some states will consider criminal prosecution. So some actual positive effects from a congressional hearing other than some viral moments.


Okay, now onto the problems with the presidential candidate. Again, the Democrats are gonna keep saying Project 2025, but the reality is that most Americans don't know what that is, don't care what it is. And most Americans, that includes Donald Trump. If you think that Donald Trump has been browsing Project 2025 while he sits on the toilet and tweets, you are wrong. That's not a thing that Donald Trump has ever done or will ever do. The real issue for most Americans at this point is, will the current president of the United States survive to even make the election? Well, Democrats, Americans, everybody is concerned that President Biden may not survive to make it to the elections that you might be dead meat.


But speaking of meat, you need the best meat like actual meat, not like, not like people meat. Good Ranchers dot com is the number one place to get 100% American meat this summer. Celebrate the sweet taste of freedom with savory meats conveniently delivered right to your door. All born, raised and made right here, In the United States. Whether you're hosting a backyard barbecue, a poolside party, or a beach bonfire, good Ranchers has you covered by the way, they made me a kosher steak one time, like the only steak that is kosher they've ever made. Awesome. Right now you can save on good Ranchers meat like never before. Subscribe to any good Ranchers box right now. Get $100 off plus free American Wagyu burgers for a year. My listeners can get this special offer by heading on over to good Ranchers dot com and using my code SHAPIRO. This is more than just a great deal. It's a chance to celebrate America by supporting American family farms and enjoying the highest quality American meat. All you have to do to claim this offer is go to good Ranchers dot com, subscribe to any of their custom curated boxes filled with 100% American beef, chicken, pork, or wild caught seafood. Use my Coach Shapiro checkout claim your $100 off and free American Wagyu burgers for a year. If you needed any other reason to support good Ranchers, they're not only an amazing partner to the show. They support paralyzed veterans of America as well as good Ranchers dot com with promo code SHAPIRO good Ranchers dot com. American meat delivered.


So the media tried to portray Joe Biden yesterday at NATO as doing like an amazing job. He was not doing an amazing job here, just a couple of his flubs from eight speech over at nato. The fact is that so many of my, my, let me put it this way. I'm very pleased that today all NATO members are making the pledge to expand our industrial base. President Truman said, we hope to create a shield against aggression, the fear of aggression, and permit us to get on with the real business of creating government and society. I mean, he's literally just reading off a piece of paper right there.


He's literally reading off a piece of paper and he is having some trouble. If you want to know what it sounds like when someone reads off a piece of paper and doesn't have trouble, go back to my original testimony yesterday, which you have to submit into the congressional record. And so typically you are reading. And then Biden also did a rally and he was rambling at the rally again, as he is fond of doing. Here's what that looked like. I promised I was gonna have a cabinet that looked like American And it does. Oh no, More minorities, more women, more labor. I'm serious. Think about It. Staring randomly at things' we're, that's why we're strong. Doesn't strong. We diverse. We're strong. We gotta stop looking at it's an asset.


Things are not getting better, things are not getting better. And the button on top of that particular story was placed there by one George Clooney. So let's be real about this. George Clooney is a little mad at Joe Biden because George Clooney's wife, Amal Clooney wrote a horrifically antisemitic report for the international criminal court suggesting the prosecution of the prime minister of Israel as well as the defense minister of Israel. And the response to the Biden administration was not warm toward that. So Clooney's a little mad. He had called up the president to yell at at him, to which Joe Biden answered. Then after they made up, made a little kissy face, then George Clooney held a big fundraiser for Joe Biden.


And you'll recall that fundraiser because that fundraiser culminated in Barack Obama having to guide Joe Biden from the stage like a visiting angel. Like he holds his hand, he puts his hand on Joe Biden's back, he tries to remind him where he is and then he guides the shuffling old man off the stage. You'll recall this. Well now George Clooney puts out a piece In the New York Times titled, I love Joe Biden, but we need a new nominee. And just as fascinating in this piece as this piece is the provenance of this piece, what made this piece happen? According to Politico, before Hollywood Icahn and Democratic donor, George Clooney published his buzzy and brutal New York Times op-Ed yesterday calling on Biden to step aside as the nominee were told, he reached out to former President Barack Obama to give him a heads up. The two men who are friendly both attended the LA fundraiser Clooney refer referenced in his piece where the actress said he'd be held a diminished Biden and that the leader he interacted with was the same man we witnessed at the debate.


While Obama did not encourage or advise Clooney to say what he said, he also didn't object to it. We're told from people familiar with their exchange, the lack of pushback is an eye-popping revelation given that the former president was one of the first big voices defending Biden, following his abysmal debate performance. Obama's team has declined to comment. So from behind the scenes, Barack Obama's like you wanna wr, would you like to write a piece, George that talks about how the president should step aside? Never liked that guy, he's a jerk. And George Clooney was like, sure. Mr. President, for all those who pretend that Barack Obama is no longer invested in democratic party politics and is just off gallivanting around doing Netflix deals falls. But as always, Barack Obama is not a leader. And so he's leading from behind. I will say that the Biden team is pushing back against George Clooney In the stupidest possible way, like truly idiotic.


Apparently according to cnn, white House correspondent Kayla TAUs, a Biden campaign aide is now pushing back on George Clooney's New York Times piece. Apparently TAUs said a campaign official at the same fundraiser told her quote, George Clooney left three hours before the president asked to clarify what that was supposed to mean. TAUs then said quote, the point of this is to suggest that Biden's stamina is better than Clooney's and Clooney didn't have eyes on the entire event. Yeah, that that what now? So their, their defense is Joe Biden has more stamina than George Clooney. Good luck on that particular argument. I'm, I'm, I'm having a tough time with that.


George Clooney is 63 years old at a movie star. He, he is also the world's worst Batman, but still Batman. Joe Biden's gonna take on Batman even like the world's worst Batman. Okay then here's what George Clooney actually writes, In the New York Times and it is vicious. Quote, I'm a lifelong Democrat. I make no apologies for that. I'm proud of what my party represents him, what it stands for. As part of my participation In the democratic process and in support of my chosen candidate, I have led some of the biggest fundraisers in my party's history. Barack Obama in 2012, Hillary Clinton in 2016, Joe Biden. In 20 20, 20 last month, I co-hosted the single largest fundraiser supporting any Democratic candidate ever for President Biden's reelection.


I say all of this only to express how much I believe in this process and how profound I think this moment is. I love Joe Biden as a senator, as vice president, and as president. I consider him a friend. I believe in him, believe in his character, believe in his morals. But the one battle he cannot win is the fight against time. None of us can. It's devastating to say it, but the Joe Biden I was with three weeks ago at a fundraiser was not the Joe big effing deal, Biden of 2010. He wasn't even the Joe Biden of 2020. He was the same man we all witnessed at the debate. Was he tired? Yes, A cold maybe. But our party leaders need to stop telling us that 51 million people didn't see what we just saw. We're also terrified by the prospect of a second Trump term that we've opted to ignore Every warning sign the George Stephanopoulos interview only reinforced what we saw the week before as Democrats, we collectively hold our breath or turn down the volume whenever we see the President whom we respect walk off Air Force one or walk back to a mic to answer an unscripted question.


Is it fair to point these things out, says George Clooney, it has to be. This is about age, nothing more, but also nothing that can be reversed. We're not going to win in November with this president. On top of that, we won't win the house, we're gonna lose the Senate. This isn't only my opinion, this is the opinion of every senator and Congress member and governor who I spoke with in private every single one irrespective of what he or she is saying publicly. So this is George Clooney just ripping the cover off of the conspiracy of silence inside the Democratic Party. He says, we love to talk about how the Republican Party has seeded all power and all the traits that made it so formidable with Ronald Reagan and George HW Bush. So a single person who seeks to hold onto the presidency and yet most of our members of Congress are opting to wait and see if the dam breaks, but the dam has broken.


We can put our heads, In the sand and pray for a miracle in November. Or We can speak the truth since all the scary stories that were being told about what would happen next simply are not true. In all likelihood, the money In, the Biden Harris coffers would go to help elect the presidential ticket and other Democrats, the new nominee would not be left off ballots in Ohio. We Democrats have a very exciting bench. Let's hear more from Wes Moore and Kamala Harris and Gretchen Whitmer and Gavin Newsom and Andy Beshe and JB Pritzker and others. By the way, I love this. I love that Tast in this piece is Clooney saying it should not be Kamala Harris. That's what he's saying. That's why he's dumping all of these names into this piece because Democrats, the real story here is that as we demonstrated in our documentary series that you should go check out right now over at Daily Wire plus Kamala, the Kamala Harris unmasking, she's awful.


Everyone knows she's awful. Her poll numbers suck. And so Democrats are like, oh my God, We can't even get rid of this corpse because standing behind him is the joker. It's just terrible. He said, let's agree that the candidates not attack one another. But In, the short time we have focus on what will make this country sore, then we could go into the Democratic convention next month and figure it out. Would it be messy? Yes, democracy is messy, but would it enliven our party and wake up voters who long before the June debate had already checked out? It sure would. Joe Biden is a hero. He saved democracy in 2020. We need him to do it again in 2024. This time, presumably by stepping down, George Clooney trying to turn Joe Biden into a hero. The problem is Joe Biden is asleep somewhere, but you can't sleep as well as Joe Biden because you know you're not senile.


And if you have trouble sleeping, let me recommend Helix mattresses. Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. The Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz that matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. 'cause why would you buy a mattress made for someone else? I took that helix quiz. I was matched with a firm breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We are big Helix fans at the Shapiro House. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You can try it out for a hundred nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it. But you will. Helix is financing options and flexible payment plans. Make it so a great night's sleep is never far away for a limited time Helix is offering up to 30% OFF all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, just turn on over to helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ben. This is their best offer, yet it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts right now. Helix sleep.com/ben, that's helix sleep.com/ben


and it is not just George Clooney, right? David Axel Rod, again part of Team Obama. So one of the untold stories here is how much T Obama hates Team Biden. Despises Team Biden. They see them as hangers on, they see them as people who wrote Obama's coattails to power, which is true. And they of course helped an incredibly charismatic if dishonest president become president and stay president and they're looking at Joe Biden who is totally uncharismatic and they're freaking out. So here's David Axel, rod, part of t Obama being like, man, clooney's. Right? There's nothing We can do about it. Clooney who just hosted a fundraiser, a major fundraiser for the president a few weeks ago in California, said he the, you can't win the battle against time.


None of us can. It's devastating to say, but Joe Biden, I was the Joe Biden I was with three weeks ago. The fundraiser was not the Joe Biden of 2010. He wasn't even the Joe Biden of 2020. He was the same man we all witnessed at the debate. That is devastating. It was not surprising to any of us who were at the fundraiser. I was there. It Cooney was exactly right. And every single person I talked to at the fundraiser thought the same thing except for the, you know, people working for Joe Biden. Or at least they didn't say that Again. That's T Obama, that's John Favreau from Positive America. He's one of the Obama boys. Michael Douglas also coming outta the work to say, you know, probably he needs to go.


I'm deeply, deeply concerned. I mean especially it's difficult because the Democrats have a big bench. I mean they've got a lot of heavy hitters, a lot of talent there, a lot of, They all known people have to catch up. They only have A few months to catch. And I do worry with like the debate, difficulty with the debate. I mean it was relatively simple. I mean, you just, first of all, they should have just told, told the president, stand up, put a little makeup on 'em. Yeah. You know, for the debate we should help him and, and then where to look And call the other guy a convicted Felon and call the other guy and just don't deal with all your facts. Just deal with his lies. Okay? By the way, Michael Douglas is 79 years old and looks significantly better than Joe Biden.


Stephen Colbert, who does not have the courage of his convictions. He's basically also implying he's doing the Obama thing. He's implying that Biden should go, but he's not gonna call for him to go. But he's implying he should go, but he's not gonna call for it 'cause he has no courage. Could I recommend a new book? Oh, the place is for Joe. Is he mentally fit? Can he serve a whole term? Can he beat RFK with his brain full of worm? Just ask him. Just ask him. The man loves to talk as long as you ask him before eight o'clock, whatever.


Well, congressional democrats are conflicted. We got a clearer message today from our nation's most powerful democratic leader, George Clooney. George wrote a New York Times Op-Ed titled I love Joe Biden, but we need a new nominee adding, we also need a money guy, a safe cracker and Acrobat and Brad pitch. It's the plot of Oceans 24. Amal is busy with human rights stuff and I got bored. I watched that. Okay, so Colbert is not calling from to step out, but everyone knows that he's gotta go. Even members In, the media who are, who are very much trying not to undercut Joe Biden at this point, they're getting caught on camera saying things they shouldn't be saying.


So George Stephanopoulos was outside walking the streets over in New York and somebody asked him, so George, do you think that the president can do another four years? And Stephanopoulos is like, Nope. Hey, excuse me. Hey, how you doing? Good. What do you think? Do you think Brian should step down? You talked to him more than anybody else have lately, and you could be honest surf four more years. You don't think he can surf four more years. All right, that's an answer. What? Oh, he's saying it by the way. He then had to walk that back. Yeah, the walk back ain't gonna help Chuck Todd and another news anchor. He says, two years ago, cabinet members were saying that Biden could not fulfill another term.


This is from his Chuck Todd on NBC news. Let's just say I've had somebody who wanted to run for president and still wants to run for president. Say to me, I was on that stage when Joe Biden essentially pledged to be a one term president. Never said it, but it certainly was okay if that's what voters heard, right? and it was always the, that was the intent that voters needed to hear that. And this person goes, and I was on stage. There were three or four of us on stage there. I heard, that's what I heard. I heard a one term and that he was gonna pass the torch and, and he and he and he didn't pass the torch. Everything that I've learned, it has made me wanna rethink a lot of the Biden biography.


I think the entire narrative on Joe Biden is gonna change in that he was, everything has been about his ambition and his ambition comes first. No bleep. Chuck, welcome to the Party Pal party again. All of this is bubbling in inside the media, but for Biden's part, he keeps saying he's not going anywhere. Well, yeah, I mean we all knew that he was senile two years ago and then all of you covered it up. I'm old enough to remember when we were saying that. I'm


also old enough to remember when Covid basically shut down healthcare where hospitals were overflowing. Urgent care centers had eight hour wait times. Well the CDC is now issuing a bird flu health alert. Is this gonna be the next round of this I? don Dunno about you. I'm not about to let the government control my life. I took control of both mine and my family's health and ordered a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The Wellness Company. It's not a first aid kit, it's a kit filled with essential prescriptions that can treat over 39 medical issues. The kit includes strong antibiotics for infections of all types, including pneumonia, strep throat, ear infections, and more. It's like having an urgent care in your home. No waiting to see a doctor. No waiting at a pharmacy. It's all there. In the kit. Every home needs at least one medical emergency kit. My wife's a doctor and she loves the thing. Visit urgent care kit.com/ben, enter promo code Ben for my 15% discount. It's easy. It's all online. It takes about three minutes. Your kit ships directly to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ben, enter promo code Ben for your 15% discount. That's urgent care kit.com/ben enter promo code. Ben, it's best to be ready in case of emergency Urgent care kit can help you do it. Urgent care kit.com/ben enter promo code Ben for 15% off.


So John Kirby, national security spokesperson and actual White House press secretary because Ka Shapiro of course is awful at her job. He keeps saying over and over I don know how many times I have to say this. He's running, he's running, he's, I'm just telling you he's running. Here we go. He did make his decision and he made it crystal clear to everybody that he's running for reelection. The president has made it clear to the entire team, certainly at the National Security Council, what his intentions are and what his goals are. And we exist to support him and to give him the advice and counsel and the resources he needs to get that job done. And that's what his focus is on. Sure, he's, he's focused on getting the job done.


So what is Biden doing to actually shore this thing up? So as we mentioned at the top of the show, there's going to be a press conference from the president of the United States. God help him. May he be healthy and well enough to actually do it this afternoon. Who knows? Lots of stuff could happen. He now in 5:30 PM Eastern Time and apparently he's gonna have what they're now calling a big boy press conference, which should get, they're so incompetent at their branding. They tried omics and everyone hates Biden Genomics and they're like, he's gonna have a big boy Press conference. And they're like, Huggies, he's a big kid Now, here we go. M-S-N-B-C excitedly reporting. You know when you're driving somewhere and you see a gas station or a liquor store right before a bridge and it says, last chance for gas or last chance for liquor.


I feel like this press conference Thursday, Alex is like the last chance Democrats have, right? Like they're going over the bridge and this is it. If you wanna pull over and fill up your tank or buy a a bottle of bourbon before you go to a dry county or a dry state, boy, this is the moment, this press conference on Thursday. I think if he hits the ball out of the park, obviously the pressure will, will e But if it doesn't go well, I think you will see one final round of, of Democrats trying to get him outta the race. And you'll see, I think some of these senators, especially who have been quiet, have been talking on background, go public and call for him to step out. I think that it's a high stakes moment on Thursday.


That's Jonathan Martin from M-S-N-B-C talking about what happens this afternoon. But Biden has already scheduled more interviews. So apparently NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt is going to sit down with Joe Biden. They have an exclusive one-on-one interview. It's supposed to come out next Monday, 9:00 PM Eastern. That's when you watch the interview in its entirety. You know, good luck. The original interview is going to be aired presumably this weekend and it'll be all chopped up in some way, and then you'll get the full interview on Monday. Meanwhile, team Biden is scheduled today to meet with Senate Democratic leadership at the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee during lunch. But it won't be Biden, it'll just be his advisors like Mike Donald and Steve Chetty.


But that's not the question. The question is whether Joe Biden is in fact capable, whether he can handle himself. So the Democrats behind the scenes are super uneasy. Obviously what Clooney says is correct. It's being reported by everyone from Politico to Punchbowl News. Everyone recognizes the behind the scenes. Democrats think he is going to lose. Axios today says Schumer is now open to dumping Biden in 2024. In public says Axios Chuck Schumer, the Senate majority leader has been insistent that he's for Joe in private. He's singing a different tune. Over the last 12 days, Schumer has been listening to donor ideas and suggestions about the best way forward for the party. According to three people familiar with the matter, the majority leader is one of several Democrats, including former President Obama and former house speaker Nancy Pelosi, who has the political and personal standing convinced Biden to step aside.


Even so Biden can still dig in and delegates are pledged to him. Schumer said in a statement quote, as I have made clear repeatedly publicly and privately, I support President Biden and remain committed to ensuring Donald Trump is defeated in November. But, but apparently Schumer's flip phone has been burning up for weeks and Schumer has been listening. Following Tuesday's, caucus Lunch, Schumer invited Senior Biden campaign officials to brief members and directly address any concerns they might have. So Schumer is now open to the possibility of pushing Joe Biden off the cliff. Pelosi has been pretty clearly trying to mobilize against Biden. She's been signaling to Biden.


In fact, she says that she is really funny. She did an interview where she keeps saying that Joe Biden has a decision to make on running. He keeps saying his decision, which is that he is going to run, but she didn't interview on MSN BBC where they're like, well, he says he's gonna run. She's like, well, I hope that he makes the right decision. And then they're like, well, but he's made his decision. She's like, well, you know, I'll do whatever he says. It's his decision like, well, but he made his decision, ma'am, I'm sorry, your wish casting that Joe Biden's gonna reverse himself because you keep heavily implying he should drop out is not going to work. Here she was on M MSNBC's morning Joe trying to leave the door open to Joe Biden leaving. Does he have your support to be the head of the Democratic ticket? As long as the president had the p it's up to the president to subside.


If he is going to run, we're all encouraging him to, to make that decision because time is running short. The, I think, overwhelming support of the, of the caucus. It's not for me to say I am not the head of the caucus anymore, but he's beloved. He is respected and people want him to make that decision. He, not Me, he has, he has said he has made the decision. He has said firmly this week he is going to run. Do you want him to run? I want him to do whatever he decides to do. And that's, that's the way it is. Whatever he decides we go with.


Oh boy. So what was that meant to be? According to Politico, those comments were meant to serve as a subtle green light. One person close with Pelosi said, meant to encourage members to speak up about their desires to see change atop the ticket and to warn Biden to reconsider staying In the race. So what you have right now is sort of a classic prisoner's dilemma for democratic leadership. They've got a real problem, they have a collective action problem. They are not sure whether or not together they can get everybody to push Biden off the ticket. And so everyone has an interest in staying silent. They're suddenly encouraging every everybody else to go out and like be the person who gets shot, but they don't wanna be the first person over the edge of the World War I trench. They don't wanna charge directly into Biden's line of sight here.


And so what you have here is all of them whispering behind the scenes that they want Biden to go and nobody willing to actually say it except for George Clooney, who of course is not answerable to anybody because he's busy directing another bad movie or something. Pelosi has apparently not tried to hide her to stain for the situation in which the party now finds itself suggested to people according to Politico, that Biden won't win this November and should step aside. In fact, she's advised some Democrats in swing districts to do whatever they have to do to secure their own reelect. Even if it means asking Biden to relinquish his place, a top, the ticket Pelosi's advising those members to wait until the end of the NATO summit. Some members have already started drafting statements of what they want to say, ready to drop once the foreign leaders leave town.


For members who are not in swing districts, Pelosi is encouraging them to take their pleas for Biden, a step aside directly to the White House or the campaign in order to minimize public fighting. So again, Pelosi behind the scenes is pushing very hard for his house. You're starting to see the wall break a little bit. Senator Peter Welch is the first Democratic senator to openly call for the president to step aside, he said Biden should withdraw quote for the good of the country. This is In, the Washington Post. He said his, his constituents are worried that Biden can't win this time and they're terrified of another Trump presidency. Meanwhile, Hakeem Jeffries, who is the house minority leader, he has told lawmakers according to Politico in private meetings, he will relay concerns regarding the president's electability to Biden. According to two people familiar with the situation.


As more Democrats call for him to step aside, it's still not clear when Jefferies will speak with the president. Asked Wednesday about his plans to talk with Biden, Jeffrey Sidestepped and said, quote, the comprehensive conversations with the House Democratic caucus will be quote, the focus of our activity today, tomorrow, we'll see where we go from there. The fact that this is an open question in July is a disaster area for Democrats. And you can see why precisely all of this panic is breaking out brand new polling from New York, from New York suggesting that New York is now a battleground state. Okay, if New York is a battleground state, this election is over in Joe Biden in 2020 won New York by a lot of points.


The the, the percentage that he won New York by in 2020 was 23%. He won 61% of the vote in New York State in 2020. If Donald Trump is even within spitting distance of Joe Biden in New York, this election is over and it's a landslide. According to Politico, Biden aids have not focused on New York, but the warning signs are impossible to ignore and have been building. Over the past year. Two private polls conducted in a swing New York House district and reviewed by Politico found poor former President Trump leading Biden there by one point of virtual tie public polls over the last four months found Biden's lead had winnowed to just eight points across New York. He won by 23 last time, 23, and that lead is now down to single digits like eight.


Hey, if that's the shift, In the country, then Trump doesn't just win Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, he wins Virginia. He wins New Hampshire. He wins a wide variety of states that are within that margin of error. And a Ciena college poll in June found Biden with only an eight point lead over Donald Trump in New York full scale disaster area. In, the state of New York. So again, this is why Democrats are freaking out. We'll get to more of their freak out in just one moment.


First, folks, yesterday, as I told you at the top of the show, I took our fight straight to Washington to expose the truth about the global cartel. Trying to control what you see in here, In the media revealing how corporations and elite organizations are using their advertising dollars to silence conservative voices like ours. That is why we built The, Daily Wire. We're not complaining about the problems. We're taking action, and we're not gonna stop fighting until we get results. Every single Daily, Wire Plus member made this possible. Your support allows us to stand up to the radical left when other outlets are too scared to do so or simply can't. If you're not a member yet, you should ask yourself if you wanna be part of the fight, you wanna support real unfiltered news and commentary. Do you want the truth? If yes, Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe right now. Join us. Be sure to use Code fight at checkout for 25% off at The Daily Wire. We don't just complain about the way it ought to be, we fight to make it the way it should be, but we can't do that without your support. Please Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe right now. Join us as we fight the left and build the future again.


Right now, looking at the polling data, Nate Silver, who updates his presidential forecast pretty much every day, he says that Donald Trump currently has a 70% chance to beat Joe Biden and the polls usually under sample Trump voters. Historically speaking, right now in Pennsylvania, he is leading on average In the 5 38 polling average by 3.4 points. According to real clear politics. By three, the economy says that Donald Trump has a 74% chance of winning Pennsylvania. And these numbers are disastrous for Joe Biden, which is why you're seeing all of these Democrats kinda, they're approaching it, they're approaching it super softly. They're gonna try and creep around Joe Biden. They don't wanna be the first person to plunge the knife in Julius Caesar, but they'll be the second person to plunge the knife into Julius Caesar.


Here's representative Steve Cohen from Tennessee. The the language they're going with for now is, if he wants it, he'll be the nominee. Well, he does want it, but you're not declaring him the nominee. What you're doing is you just keep saying over and over and over that maybe, maybe he'll reconsider. I hope he'll reconsider. Please reconsider. Please. Nancy Pelosi is one of the best politicians and smartest people I've ever been blessed to, to deal with and, and interact with. And she's saying what we should do, we should. The reality are Joe Biden will determine whether he's the nominee or not. If he wants to be the nominee, he will be the nominee. If he doesn't, we'll have some other avenue. And she's saying, let Joe Biden decide.


Let Joe Biden decide is not a move guys. Let Joe Biden decide. I again, I love it. I love it. It's like my wife asked me what movie I wanna see tonight, and I'm like, an action movie. And she's like, well, I hope that you make the right decision. I'm like, like, so, like Die Hard. And she's like, well, I hope you make the right decision. Like, no, no, die hard's a great motion. Like the right decision. I hope you make like, oh, you wanna watch Sleepless in Seattle like that. That's, that's what they're trying to do right now, and it's not gonna work absent something big happening. Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal from Connecticut, he's saying pretty openly, he's afraid that Biden's gonna lose. I am deeply concerned about Joe Biden winning this November.


Oh, well that's sad. Tim Cain, you'll remember him from being the anonymous former vice presidential candidate to failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. He says, don't worry, Joe Biden will do the patriotic thing. Again, this is my wife just asking me whether I really, really wanna make the right decision and watch iHeart again, I have complete confidence that Joe Biden will do the patriotic thing for the country and he's gonna make that decision. He's never disappointed me. He's always put patriotism and and the country ahead of himself, and I'm gonna respect that essentially image. I lied so much. It's so good. And none of them have the courage just to be like, yeah, Joe needs to go. They don't have the courage to say it because they're afraid. Then they get shot by their own troops and Joe Biden is sending his troops like Stalin to the front lines without any weaponry, and if they turn back, then they get shot.


That's what's happening with the Democratic Party right now, figuratively speaking, obviously the Michigan governor, Gretchen Whitmer, she too is echoing this, this notion only Joe Biden will decide, I mean, only Joe, okay? If he does decide to step aside a big, if the caveat there, is it a job you'd be interested in? Listen, I'm not going down that road with you, Willie, I appreciate the question, but the field is set. Joe Biden is the only person who is determining whether or not he stays In the race. He's made his decision, he's communicated that decision, and it is time to get going. We've got a high stakes election and all this continued talk and fretting and hand wringing that people are doing only sets us up for a disadvantage going into this important election against Donald Trump.


Okay? So they're just gonna keep trying to wish him out of office. Good luck with that. Meanwhile, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, Richie Torres, he says, you know, blindness is not bliss. This is what he's been tweeting out. He says, you, you keep trying to pretend that if you go blind on this, it'll, it'll work. He says, in determining how to proceed as a party, there must be a serious reckoning with the down ballot effect of whomever we nominate. What matters is not how we feel, but what the numbers tell us. An unsentimental analysis of the cold hard numbers, which have no personal feelings or political loyalties, should inform what we decide and whom we nominate. If we're gonna choose a particular path, we should be clear-eyed about its consequences, blindness is not bliss, and the terrifying threat of a Trump presidency is coming. I mean, that, that's Richie Torres again. They're all sort of implying it, but none of them are willing to say it over at the View, which is a repository of all human stupidity.


Joy Behar, she sees what's coming down the tracks. What she sees coming down the tracks is Democrats Want Biden Gone, and the backup is Kamala Harrison and I refer you to our three part documentary series, Kamala, for more information on our wildly unpopular vice president, joy Behar is trying to prep the ground. She's trying to soften the ground with the heavy artillery here. What really ticks me off about him though is this laughing Kamala remark. It's such a sexist remark because a guy I was having, I was with over the weekend, a friend of mine, they said, Kamala's laugh annoys me. Remember they said that about Hillary's laugh, that she was cackling and men, you know, they don't like a funny woman, we're afraid, but if you laugh or you make a joke that maybe you'll do that when they're in bed with you, it's like this fear, this fear of women's laughing and comedy.


What now that's so, if you don't like Kamala Harris's weird cackling, it's because you fear her In. the boudoir. That's a, that's a theory there. Joy, I feel like given her personal history, I mean Willie Brown and all, that's probably not what people are thinking about Kamala Harris when they're thinking about that type of activity, but sure go with that. The reason that she's unpopular is because of sexism and men being afraid of funny women. In the sack Nail that one. Joy as always, as always. Genius level stuff right there, folks,


I dunno about you, but there are nights In the past long ago when I just get too hot at night and you're sticking your feet outta the blanket. You're trying to figure out what layer of blanket you wanna use, like the sheet, like the whole thing. And then I found the magic of Boll and Branch. Boll and Branch is here to help you never sleep hot again with sheets that are woven to allow airflow and feel cool and crisp to the touch. Perfect for sleepers who run Hot Boll and Branch has amazing options for hot sleepers. Choose from 100% organic cotton per kale made with a naturally cooling weave. Or their linen, which is made from European flax to be light, airy and softer than soft. Listen, I've been talking about Boll and Branch for years. Their product is just that good. I mean, I'm, I'm dead serious about this. I literally went to the mall with my wife the other day. It doesn't matter. The Boll and Branch is sponsor. I wanted more Boll and Branch product. I went to the mall, to the Boland Branch store and I bought on my own credit card all the Boll and Branch product. In the store because it's just that good. Boll and Branch sheets are led by millions of sleepers, including us. Best of all, Boll and Branch gives you a 30 night worry free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders. Get your coolest, most comfortable sleep during Boll and Branch's annual summer event with 20% off sitewide plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at Boll and Branch dot com slash Ben. That's Bull and Branch. B-O-L-L-A Branch dot com slash ben for 20% off and free shipping, limited time only exclusions applies to C site forward details.


Meanwhile, president Trump is doing the smart thing and he's just staying outside the spotlight. So he is been doing rallies, but nobody covers them because you know of the crisis on the democratic side of the aisle. He also did the smart thing. He just asked about Project 2025, which again is the buzzword that Democrats keep using over and over and over. As I said yesterday, I I'm, I'm starting to fear Project 2025 so much, it's like Democrats are gonna say it three times, In the mirror, and then Donald Trump is gonna appear and wanna play golf or something. It's like Beatle Jews. But in any case, Donald Trump points out the reality, which is that it's not just about Joe Biden inside the Democratic Party. Everyone that they are running is a nut. Here's the former president of the United States correctly noting this fact. I don't care if it's him or somebody else, it's also policy. It's more about policy than anything else.


And these radical Democrats, they're all radical. Everyone that they're talking about is a radical left lunatic. And whether it's Biden or whether it's somebody else, I think it's the same. He is correct about this. Again, Donald Trump is now the candidate of stability and normality and moderation. Slow clap for the Democrats. Guys, you did this to yourself. Hilarious clip from the Daily Show last night. So they had a panel of black voters and they asked them who they want, Trump or Biden. And certainly they were expecting that everyone In the room was gonna be like, we love Joe Biden. That's not how it went. Who will you be voting for in 2024?


Darryl? Do I have to say his name? I don't want to, but more than likely it's gonna be Trump. Yeah, I believe that. Who are you gonna be for Biden and then Victor? I'm with her. Oh, Biden. Okay. Trump or Trump? Biden. Biden Trump. Okay. We're an even split. Oh, which I, yeah, I didn't see that coming. Yes, yes. Okay. And some people are gonna say that's about Trump and it is, I mean, In the sense that Trump obviously is a larger than life figure. He has pop culture relevance and the, all the attempts to turn Donald Trump into Hitler have completely failed. But a huge percentage of this is about the fact that Barack Obama levels of support among black voters, In the Democratic party, are non-transferrable suit.


Certainly the enthusiasm that black voters felt for Barack Obama is non transferrable to the dead old white man that Democrats are trying to run as he goes around telling Morehouse college graduates, they're never gonna succeed in life because of the color of their skin. It turns out that's not a particularly pop popular message. Again, Donald Trump, again, it's scary. He's learning. He's learning. He is. So a lot of debate over his VP reveal, according to the New York Times Trump's VP reveal may be this week or not. It's not, he ain't gonna do it this week. And the reason he ain't gonna do it this week is never interrupt your opponents when they're making gigantic mistakes. And right now the Democratic party is tearing itself absolutely apart. If I were Trump, I'd just wait until the convention, the convention is the middle of next week.


It would make some like you're gonna, there're gonna be eyes on the convention. Anyway, that's a great time to announce who exactly you are going to select. My feeling is that Trump is trying to go non-confrontational. That's been every move that he has made. And he took most of the abortion stuff outta the Republican National Convention platform. He took pretty much everything about same sex marriage outta that platform. He, he has presented the least controversial Republican platform of my lifetime, bar none just by polling data. So picking a vice president who is likely to generate controversy, I think would be a mistake for him, considering again, he's running toward the middle. So the question is, which candidate for VP is likely to bolster the image of him as a moderate candidate of stability?


Which is that is where we are In the election cycle right now. So picking the least controversial VP candidate would probably be the best move and we'll see what he does with that. Meanwhile, Democrats continue to double down on the radicalism. I mean it really is insane. So yesterday the House Republicans and like five Democrats passed a bill titled the Safeguard American Voter Eligibility Act. All that bill did was seek to expand proof of citizenship requirements to vote in federal elections and impose voter roll per requirements on states. And it's pretty obvious stuff. Why exactly should there not be an obligation to demonstrate you are a citizen of the United States by photo id for example, before you get a, an application for voter registration, why should the voter rolls have illegal immigrants on them?


Makes no sense. But every Democrat voted against it. President Biden has vowed to veto it. Please explain to me the logic of that. Why not just sign that if you're Biden and you wanna ensure that people don't feel like you're trying to stack that act electorally, why wouldn't you sign that? Like what, what is the optic victory here? Opponents of the bill, according to the hill, say its core idea. Establishing non-citizen voting as illegal is redundant and argue its provisions will more likely lead to US citizens being denied their right to vote than to preventing votes by foreign nationals. But again, this is like the dumbest thing In the world because polling data shows that the vast majority of Americans believe in voter id. And whenever people say, well, black people can't get id, yes, they absolutely can and they do. It turns out that black people are perfectly capable of getting voter id.


So are Hispanic people. So is everyone. You have an id, don't you? Again, it is quite amazing that Democrats almost universally voted against this thing. So Chip Roy, excellent member of Congress from Texas in op-ed in May, he wrote radical progressive Democrats aren't even trying to hide it anymore. They're publicly admitting their intention to leverage open borders in tens of millions of illegal aliens. In the United States to fundamentally remake America by cementing one party rule. And he pointed out Joe Biden saying back in May that Hispanic immigrants were quote unquote voters. He was talking there about illegal immigrants too. Again, somebody please explain to me the logic that Democrats are presenting here.


That it is a danger to the voting public if you have to show a vote, a a, some sort of identification demonstrating you're a citizen of the United States. It's like basic election security kind of stuff and Democrats are kicking back against it anyway. That's the reason Donald Trump is doing really well. If he puts some duct tape over his mouth and just goes down to the basement for the next four months, that dude's gonna be president again. Meanwhile, and just another example of how the left has basically turned everything into a partisan political issue, Letitia Wright is the star of Black Panther and an executive producer on the Faith-based movie, Sound of Hope. The Story of Possum. Trot has now issued an Instagram statement ripping into us here at The Daily Wire for helping to distribute the film, which is an amazing thing. Like she's a producer on the film.


The film is about the the evils of the current foster care system. It's about the amazing heroism of this town, possum Trot that adopted 77 foster kids. We are in favor of that sort of activity. In the real world. We love the movie. We've helped distribute the movie. She's mad that we're even associated with the movie. Apparently she posted on Instagram quote, producing this film alongside Peachtree Productions to tell the incredible story of Bishop WC Martin, first Lady, Donna Martin, and all the incredible families of Possum Trott has been nothing less than inspiring. We've created a beautiful film that gives a voice to vulnerable children with the hope that families across the country In the world. No matter their faith, race or diversity would join together to help kids to be moved to make a difference in any way they can, which is why it's shame to see small pockets of discourse online.


Take a divisive political turn. This story isn't about politics, it's about children. It's about sacrificial love for children who have experienced unthinkable horrors and how communities at a grassroots level, like the community of Possum Trott, can help provide these safe loving homes. They so desperately need. Any conversation that detracts from that is unnecessary and harmful. The potential for this film to positively change lives. As far too important to be clear, after we completed production of this film, angel Studios were brought on board to handle its distribution and they later partnered with The Daily Wire. That was not my decision and I was not given an update or made aware of this decision. I'm in no way aligned or affiliated with The Daily Wire. I'm thankful for all who want to positively champion this film and campaign to serve children. However, I do not condone using this beautiful film for divisive political purposes. That is why that is not why I joined the project.


So I just don't understand who she thinks is making this partisan. We certainly have not. We have not talked about this as a Democrat Republican issue in any way. This is a human rights issue for children. What? What is the blowback that she has received? Again, this is the demonstration full scale of the left's radical intolerance, In, the cultural arena. Even the minute association with anybody who's perceived to be conservative over things that are utterly uncontroversial and just good for humanity. Like fixing the foster care system and getting kids adopted by loving families. The left is even willing to turn that into a partisan political fight in order to shred any level of association between left and right over issues we all should agree upon.


So daily wear Cos CEO, Jeremy Boring. Put out a statement quote on its opening day. July 4th. Sound of Hope was one of the highest grossing films nationwide. Second only to Disney's biggest release of the year. This movie is tracking to be huge and has the potential to launch a movement to end America's foster crisis. The Daily Wire is truly honored to partner worth Angel Studios on such an important project, but such as the intolerance of the Modern Left, that instead of celebrating this accomplishment and all it might mean, one of the film's producers, Letitia Wright of Black Panther fame used the occasion to condemn the Daily Wires involvement in sharing this message across the country. Letitia and I probably don't share the same politics, but I believe we share Christian faith and more importantly, the same goal of shining a light on something We can all agree on. A community banding together to help kids in need. We hope people don't allow this distraction to steal from the message, from the film and the impact it can have.


Everyone should see this movie and join the fight for kids. It's imp. It's too important not to. And that's the sad part, is when Hollywood is so wildly intolerant that even when we agree on something left and the right, they would proceed to shred that level of agreement. Just to make a political point, you wonder why the country is falling apart culturally. That's why the country is falling. If we can't agree on the foster system needs help and loving families should adopt kids, what the hell can we agree on? And if the idea is that we can't even hold hands over that one, what can we hold hands over? You wanna talk about all of this phony talk about a civil war inside the United States and the country falling apart. But it's this kind of stuff that leads to that.


Making these issues into partisan issues is a tragedy for the country. It's an excellent film with an important message. And I don't care who distributes the film, it is worth seeing. Go check it out right now. Alright guys coming up. Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, it's time for her to Grand Stand. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link, In the description and join us.


You know it's not fun dealing with tax problems, handling it alone. If you've got back taxes or unfiled returns, that can be a huge mistake. It can cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved their clients millions in back taxes. Regardless of the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your Advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up Tax Network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies, or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're missing records, Tax Network USA Expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now that tax season is over, collection season has begun. Tax Network, USA can even help with state tax issues. For a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit the website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today.