
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with stupid hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel, blue Swift, defy expectations, enjoy our quality responsibly.


Well folks, it's another day. You know what that means? It's another day of Kamala Harris being asked zero questions. That means it's time to update our calendar. It has now been 25 full days that Kamala Harris has been the defacto democratic nominee and has answered zero questions from the media, and you would think that might bother some people in the media, but as it turns out, nope, not really. They're mildly perturbed, or at least they have to pretend they're mildly perturbed about half a second every day. Then they go right back to boot licking Kamala Harris. And this is the untold story of the last 20 years in American politics minimum. Basically since Barack Obama came onto the national scene, no one in the media has had any curiosity about asking Democrats questions. That's how he gets 25 days of Kamala Harris ousting her boss as the presidential nominee, who's by the way, still serving as president of the United States.


Despite his obvious senility, you get 25 days of her just getting glowing media coverage, a media massaging her shoulders, boot licking her at every turn, and she's able to get away with this, and it does have a real world impact. You know, I think that the change in how the media actually did their job probably started with Barack Obama. I'm old enough to remember the Clinton era when Bill Clinton left office. I was 16 years old, so I, I kind of remember the Clinton era and the media. Well, they were willing to treat Bill Clinton with some kid gloves. They did break some pretty major stories ranging from Travelgate to China Gates to obviously Lewinsky scandal, which got preempted by Matt Drudge. So they actually sort of, kind of did their jobs.


And then of course, during the Bush administration, they hated George W. Bush. So they did everything they could to cover every small peccadillo anyone involved in the Bush family or the Bush Circle was involved in. And then we got to Barack Obama. And when it came to Barack Obama, the media decided that now at long last, their Messiah had come and they no longer were able to ask any questions of Barack Obama. In fact, asking questions of Barack Obama would be seen as guch. It might be a little racist. They didn't wanna do that. So instead they decided they were going to become the full fledged p touring and guard for Barack Obama. And then because Barack Obama reshaped the nature of American politics and because the media had spent eight years with their muscles atrophying, they were no longer able to journalism for Democrats, they of course were able to go hard at Donald Trump.


Everything Donald Trump did and did not do became front page news. We had four long years of them claiming that there had to be just around the next corner, evidence that Donald Trump was in fact a stooge of Vladimir Putin. Everything Donald Trump ever did was the most scandalous thing anyone had ever done for four long years. And then of course, Donald Trump lost the election in 2020 and then went right back to that comforting warm urine filled kitty bull that was the Barack Obama years. And, and they're there right now and they're enjoying it. They had like a three week intermission where they were basically forced by circumstance and by the incompetence of Joe Biden to do their job. And it must have been an unusual for them. It's like they were suddenly hit with a volt of electricity and they, they had to actually get up and walk around.


But it turned out that wasn't journalism being alive. That was like the experiment with, with frogs where you are able to galvanize a frog and suddenly it moves a little bit, even though it's dead. It's effectively that for three weeks they were galvanized into the imitation of journalism, and that was them asking about Joe Biden's health and, and trying to figure out what his level of decline was and, and going to their sources. And then it turns out, nope, they were dead after all because Kamala Harris comes in and suddenly they're just as incurious as they ever were about Barack Obama. And here's the thing, the American people know it. The American people know it. They know what the legacy media are. There's an amazing Clip that was making the rounds yesterday. It was from Stephen Colbert's show.


This would've been actually on Monday night. Stephen Colbert had on Kaitlyn Collins from CNN and Kaitlyn Collins was obviously talking about how terrible Trump is and what a terrible job he's doing and how Kamala Harris is all the momentum and all of that sort of thing. But that's not the interesting part of the Clip. The interesting part of the Clip is that Stephen Colbert says, in all seriousness, in perfect seriousness with a straight face, that the legacy media are objective, that CNN is objective and listens to the reaction of the crowd. Again, this is a crowd who opts into viewing the late show with Stephen Colbert, which means that they're all on the left ne a right winger in this crowd. No right winger goes to New York and is like, you know what I'd love to do? Go watch Stephen Colbert tonight. That is not a thing.


Everyone in that crowd is voting for Kamala Harris, but even the crowd voting for Kamala Harris listens to this and they go, no, no way. Trump has kind of been thrown on on his heels by this, and he is not really sure how to go after Vice President Harris. He knew his attack lines on on President Biden. He really has struggled with how to, how to go after someone who's 20 years younger than him, who is a different gender, a different RA race. It, it's kind of been this moment where he has not been able to coalesce around a single attack line. I know you guys are objective over there that you just report the news as it is. Oh, I know CNN makes it, and I know That's supposed to be a laugh line. I wasn't supposed to be, but I guess it is.


Okay, that is an incredible admission. Number one by Stephen Colbert. That is not supposed to be a laugh line, but more importantly, listen to the natural reaction of the crowd. He says, I know you guys are supposed to be objective and they just cover the news. That's an amazing thing that for people to laugh at. But the media have become such a laughing stock that every normal American looks at CNN and what they see is a left-wing outlet, which is correct, which is why in the end, maybe, maybe Kamala Harris can't get away with this. The media are doing their damnedest to help her steal this election. When I say steal the election, I don't mean like she's gonna change the votes or she's gonna rig the ballot boxes or anything like that, but to steal the election means to completely obscure the record and positions of one of the candidates to completely hide every piece of relevant information about that candidate in favor of attacking the other candidate so that the candidate you prefer ends up in the White House.


And that's what the media are doing right now.


Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction, but there's hope. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured, their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org to make a gift today in the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's been for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, been for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


What they did with Hunter Biden in the last month of the 2020 election where they went out and they said it was all disinformation, it was all fake, it was all phony, and then nobody reported on it. They shut it down. Social media wouldn't disseminate any, any of that information. The entire media are now engaged in the same thing, except not about one story. Hunter Biden and his laptop, they're engaged in that about an entire candidate, an entire candidate and everything surrounding her. We still don't know the details of what Kamala Harris knew and when she knew it about, for example, Joe Biden's Mental health for that matter. We still don't know what she knows right now about Joe Biden's mental health. Why is she allowing a clearly senile person to run planet Earth right now? Mean that's what's happening? And yet there's been no curiosity about that.


Why has Kamala Harris been able to switch every position she has ever held to the complete in curiosity of the media? They keep saying, well, you know, eventually we'll get to it. The question would be, when? When will you get to it? We're about 800 hours away at this point from the opening voting in Pennsylvania. That is not a lot of time. We are getting down to crunch time. People are gonna start turning in their ballots right now pretty much. And the media are just trying to hold this again, 25 days. 25 days. That's insane. I mean, you understand that if you go back 25 days, that's when Joe Biden stepped outta the race. And if you went back 25 days before that, that was before the first debate.


That's how long a period 25 days is, is in American politics. And Kamala Harris has been able to skate completely across the campaign with not even a ripple from the legacy media. In fact, the legacy media are going outta their way to claim that the media are actually right wing and are bending over backward in order to take care of Donald Trump. And the right, this particularly stupid argument which finds its roots probably in No, IM Chomsky's Manufacturing consent, an idiotic book by a foolish man. The the idea being that corporations run the media, therefore the media is a right wing tool of these evil capitalists for some such nonsense. The Left has been continuing to try and tr prop out this line for, I dunno, decades at this point.


It doesn't work at all. Here is a left wing guest on left wing m ms NBC on Leftwing morning Joe trying to explain the Leftwing media are actually secretly right wing, What I call the both sides. Media in this book has given them cover to act this way and, and it's, you know, in large part how the media has allowed them to given them a permission structure to act this way, just because they don't wanna be labeled as the liberal media. And so they'll bend over backwards to kowtow to the right and basically act as their assignment editors. Oh, that, that's right. The W right is acting as the assignment editors for the media. I mean, honestly, the gaslighting is so unbelievably strong. And so the media, they were looking for a way to hone in on this particular argument. Jonathan Lamar of M-S-N-B-C.


He tries to make the argument that when Elon Musk interviewed Donald Trump and Musk is open about his biases, he says, I'm voting for Trump, I'm supporting Trump. They're saying, no, no, that was a Sycophancy session. But Musk has never lied about what his political perspectives are. The media are lying. They keep hiding behind their full objectivity to pretend that they are not in some way in Kamala Harris' camp, which they clearly are. Here's Jonathan Lamar attacking Elon Musk. First of all, Trump was not challenged once during this interview. Elon Musk has sort of remade Twitter X as to a sort of a very Trump friendly platform. He has endorsed him and he said, ahead of time, I'll be up asking softballs. I wanna have a conversation. It's about vibes. And that's what we got last night. A vibe established there by Donald Trump standing in front of a portrait of himself as he tennis gear, as he gave, did this two hour Twitter spaces interview.


All of this is insane. We're now finding out that yesterday Vice President Harris was supposed to travel everywhere. She goes to the press pool, she ditched her press pool to attend an event at Howard University, according to Peter Ducey. So she is literally ditching the media and they are all trying to play defense for her. Why? Why? Because they have to, because without them playing defense, they've got nothing, literally nothing. She is not a good candidate. She never was a good candidate. As in any half decent politician can read a speech decently from a teleprompter that that is not a difficult job. What is a difficult job is knowing your own positions, being able to speak to those positions, taking on critics, facing down controversy. That's a hard job.


But Kamala Harris is not facing down any of that because the media are acting as her pretorian guard. Donald Trump, again, is running at the media as much as he's running against Kamala Harris. I mean, the New York Times has an entire display piece called Kamala Harris found her footing in the spotlight. Did you find her footing in the spotlight or has she only been in the spotlight for about 25 days here and you guys are doing your best to drag her across the finish line. It's a performance worthy of Sam Wise Gaji. They're not able to carry the ring of power, but they are able to carry the person who's carrying the ring of power, Kamala Harris, all the way up that mountain. Meanwhile, again, Kamala Harris, she still has a set of positions that are utterly failing in a wide variety of swing states.


So the Washington Post in an accidental bit of journalism has a piece today titled in Pennsylvania, Harris can't shake her Anti-Fracking past quote, after years of positioning herself as a climate crusader and den opponent of fracking, Kamala Harris has avoid mention of such credentials in this must win state. For Democrats where natural gas drives the economy, culture, and everyday conversation, her new approach is proving a tough sell. Many of the swing voters here whose livelihoods rise and fall with the fortunes of the fossil energy industry have not forgotten. The last time Harris ran for president when she called for a ban on fracking. It is a position she now disavows. However, these concerns are putting out of reach voters who might otherwise fit the profile of the vice president's target audience. There are people like 31-year-old Emanuel Paris, whose Quest to expand his family's 400 employee construction firm into green energy projects, drove him to get a master's degree in sustainability management.


He has no doubt climate change is real, but he'll be voting for Trump quote. It's not like we can just shut everything else off and switch to solar and wind. So she has switched her own position on this. Does anyone believe that? She's very much in favor of fracking? Joe Biden has spent his presidency attempting to put limitations on investment in oil refineries only to then try and reverse himself the minute that oil prices started to increase. Joe Biden has banned federal lands for purposes of fracking. Do you think Kamala Harris would be anything different? How about Medicare for all? So literally yesterday, Kamala Harris's campaign has now said that they will not push Medicare for all. That is a shift back in 2019. Of course, she campaigned on Medicare for All and openly spoke of outlawing private health insurance.


Now, according to Fox News, senior White House correspondent Peter Ducey quote, a campaign official said, Harris will not push the subject of single payer or Medicare for all this go around. Now, again, back in January, 2019, Ducey specifically asked Harris, how important is it to your healthcare plan to get rid of private insurance companies? And she said, quote, I'm glad you asked. Yes, the bottom line and the most important is everyone have access to healthcare. That is the goal, that is the purpose for me, supporting the policy of Medicare for all. Again, that was her stated position, but now she's backing away from this. Well, the only way to back away from that successfully is if the media never see her and never ask a question about it. So far it's working.


Same thing with regard to her bizarrely pro Hamas positions.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval, and Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shaer. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage. Today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi, unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews, go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro, connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer, ET and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. NMLS ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org will housing lander 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


So the reality is that she picked a vice presidential candidate who has himself engaged in deep relationships with people who are radically anti-Israel, for example, here's Tim Walz praising radical Imam Asada Zaman. He said he has no association with this person despite the fact that apparently this person's group received about a hundred thousand dollars in taxpayer assistance for various projects. Here's Tim Walz introducing this particular radical Muslim. I would like to first of all say thank you to Imam. I am a teacher, so when I see a master teacher, I know it. Master teacher.


Over the time we've spent together, one of the things, one of the things I've had the privilege of is seeing the things in life through the eye of a master teacher. Amazing, amazing stuff right there. But again, you can escape that sort of scrutiny if you simply hide long enough. And the same thing is happening with regard to the pro Hamas crowds that are expected to show up in the streaks at the DNC. So the DNC, it's supposed to be just a wonderful show of joy. So much joy. Can you feel the joy by, by the way, it is amazing how the media are able to NutraSweet this thing. Most Americans are not feeling good about the country right now. They don't feel good about the economy. They don't feel good about our foreign policy, and they shouldn't. But because there is a face that is not Joe Biden or Donald Trump, now the media are saying you feel the joy, don't you?


Now, you may feel joy if you're a double hater, if you hate both these candidates and you're a swing voter and you don't want either of these people, and now there's somebody new. But do you feel joyous about the direction of the country? That's the question you should be asking yourself, because Kamala Harris is basically saying she's a representative of joy. But we also know that she has embraced every radical policy position put forward by Joe Biden, including by the way, his bizarre futsing around in the Middle East, which we'll get to in a moment. According to Politico, when Kamala Harris formally accepts her party's nomination at the DNZ, next week, tens of thousands of activists planned, greet her with a message, change your stance on Israel or risk losing the election. Asmo Mohammed won't be protesting, however, she'll be inside the arena itself. One of 30 uncommitted delegates representing a grassroots voter consortium that has opposed President Biden's support for Israel and its ongoing war in Gaza.


In recent weeks, the uncommitted movement has seen the promise of a new path forward for Palestinians, thanks to Harris's rise and her pick of Minnesota governor Tim Walz. See, look how political spins. This is a positive. So Kamala Harris is associating herself with some of the most radical pro kamas people in American politics. She's named as her Jewish liaison, a pick of J Street, which is a radically anti-Israel group that was propped up by the Obama administration simply as a tool to fight apac. And now the media are playing this as a big win for her. Look how she's bringing the pro Hamas into the tent. In a statement to Politico, the Harris campaign said the vice president will continue to engage with the Arab, but Muslim and Palestinian community members pushing to end the war in Gaza and fight to secure ACS fire deal.


As she has said, according to a spokesperson, it is time for the war to end in a way where Israel is secure, hostages are released, the suffering of Palestinian civilian ends and the Palestinian people can realize their right to dignity, freedom and self-determination. Good luck. Well, if she's got a magic wand, would love to hear about it. But the whole point here is that this political piece is focused on a pro kamas activist who now says that she is very much in the Harris camp. Apparently she's very happy about the tonal switch. She says the path to victory runs through Michigan. She said, there's not a lot of time for people to make big decisions. Having that plan ahead of the D nnc would be incredibly helpful, not just to delegates, but to people who are feeling completely left out, disenfranchised and hopeless. In November, she says, we're really relieved. Josh Shapiro wasn't the pick Governor Walls has been a big supporter of Israel, but he's also had some nice things to say about the uncommitted movement about there are pe these people who are a part of the party and they deserve to be heard.


I've worked with Governor Wallace to pass some really good legislation, and she's a radical on every topic. It is possible to be a radical, and the only way she can get away with it is with the Pretorian guard. And she has nothing but scorn for them, by the way, like totally n nothing but school. So Eric Swalwell, democratic congressman from California, who most recently was seen a congressional hearing with yours, truly not performing particularly well while he was on CNN, trying to explain that she doesn't need to ask questions because she's filling arenas. Don't you understand? Why hasn't Kamala Harris laid out her policy agenda? I mean, it's not even on her campaign's website. So she's doing that this week. You know, she's talking, you know, particularly about her economic message.


She's also, you know, been going across the country filling arenas and, and talking about what she's gonna do on the rights that were robbed for women when Roe was, was taken away, the border crisis that she's going to solve. That her economic policy won't benefit billionaires, but it will benefit hardworking Americans. She calls it, it, it's working for working people. Okay, well, thank you for not spilling any of her actual policy positions, but he said the important part out loud, which is of course, that as long as she can sustain giant crowds and the media really don't rip on her for it, then she can take this thing all the way to the White House ever, ever answering a question. It's amazing. Harris's spokeswoman, Adrian Elrod, she was asked about why she won't answer any questions.


She's like, don't worry, she's putting forth her own agenda like no taxes on tips. I mean, even in this line, she's lying. It's not her agenda. It's Donald Trump's agenda and she's stealing it. She certainly, again, has many parts of President Biden's agenda that she helped pass that she supports, but she's also gonna be putting forward her own agenda. And that's something you heard her talk about when she talked about no taxes on tips in Nevada earlier this week. She's putting forward her agenda, which means she never has to answer questions. I I really did not realize that that was, you know, the way this works, that if you put forward agenda items, you no longer have to answer questions, but apparently that is the way that it works. Anderson Cooper playing full defense on CNN. He was talking with Scott Jennings, who's a sort of Republican representative on CNN.


He is the face they put on the network to represent conservatism some of the time. And, and Anderson Cooper, he was questioned about, you know, her flip flops. He said, does it matter that she's flip flop? Should we even care that she flip flops after all, Donald Trump In the world of Donald Trump who has flip flopped on, you know, he's just, he'll say anything. And JD Vance, who has completely, I mean, altered his policy positions his hatred of Donald Trump to now an alleged love of Donald Trump. I mean, in a world where that has happened, does it matter if, if Kamala Harris is now saying she'll, yeah, she'll not tax tips as well. I mean, why not? That's amazing.


He's on CNN shouldn't he be saying? Yeah, Donald Trump should answer questions about inconsistencies and, and so should JD events and so should Kamala Harris. But it's, it's what about him at the finest level? It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights.


This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle-free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


What Bism, which is something that the left used to criticize the right for, is when the right does something bad, Donald Trump does something bad and the right immediately swivels and say, right, but you also do those bad things. And their claim was right, but the bad things are bad. And that is a fair critique. Now, half of the stuff they called what Bism was not really that. It was the right saying to the left, you don't even hold the standard you pretending to hold the standard is ridiculous. Okay? But that's not what's happening here. What's happening now is true. What about is from Anderson Cooper right there. He is basically saying she never has to answer any questions because I don't really like how Donald Trump and JD Vance answer questions, but it's your job to ask the questions. It is literally your job. You are a journalism er. Journalism a little bit sometimes cnn John's CNN's, John Berman, he, he did point out to this same person, Adrian Elrod, that she seems to have some time on her hands.


She could do an interview and Adrian Elrod's like, yeah, but, but yeah, we're not doing that. It seems like she has time if she wanted to do an interview with a member of the media or do a news conference. Correct? There does appear to be that time if she wanted. Well, look, she has said on the campaign trail that she would be doing an interview at some point. She said that I think last week during, during a rope line or when she was talking to reporters. But look, what is important here, John, is that she is taking her message directly to the American people, but Not today. But, there is not she using social media platform. Not today. She could do an interview today, I would think. You know, because she's not out there today.


Well, look, she could, she, she's taking her message directly to voters. No, she's not. There is no message. The message so far has been Joy, joy, mc, joy, joy face, mc, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy. That's been the message so far. Hey, look, here's Megan Thee stallion shaking her ass on stage, followed by Kamala Harris shouting about joy and how Donald Trump's big old, mean orange man. Then Tim Walls gets up there and he does his knockoff Bernie Sanders routine, and that's taken the message to the people. Now, honestly, maybe this is what the American people deserve. Truly, maybe what they deserve is a full on vibes election where we just don't even pretend to care about positions. The most radical positions in the history of American politics over here. Maybe. Maybe that's what we deserve. If the American people decide to vote, decide to vote for vibes over, for example, you know, like any policy whatsoever, then they deserve what they, we deserve what we get.


I mean, again, it's a democracy. In the end, we are to blame for the decisions that we make. With that said, it doesn't help when the media are acting as a wall rather than a window on the Harris campaign. And that continues by the way, with regard to Tim. Walz and the media continue to play a form of defense for Tim Wall's alleged stolen valor. When I say alleged, it's been pretty clearly demonstrated that Tim Walz has been lying about his rank four years, that he's been exaggerating his military service four years. And then the evidence keeps on pouring in. In fact, here is an entire montage of Tim Walz falsely claiming to hold a rank that he doesn't hold. As a 24 year veteran of the Army National Guard and a retired command sergeant Major as a retired sergeant, major in the Army, national Guard out of Minnesota, retired out as Command Sergeant Major.


I spent 24 years in the military, Congressman as a command sergeant Major. I don't Tim. Walz is one of those everyday people coach to the state Champs Teacher of the Year, command Sergeant Major. I am retired Sergeant Major in the Army National Guard, what I consider to be the responsibility and the privilege of being the highest ranking enlisted personnel ever to serve in Congress. And I'm the well, good Democrats. What, what rank was that? Command Sergeant Major. So when you first came to Washington, you were a retired command sergeant Major in the Army National Guard. Okay. So he wasn't, according to John Cole, who became Lieutenant Colonel of Wallace's Battalion, a few months after Walls retired, he did not earn the rank or successfully complete any assignment.


As an E nine is an affront to the non-commissioned officer court that he continues to glom onto the title. I can sit in the cockpit of an airplane that'll make me a pilot. Okay, so what is his comeback here? He's not answering any questions either. Walls has done no interviews at this point. So how is he responding to all of this? He's saying that he's proud of his service and he's proud of JD Vance's service too, which is weird. 'cause you know, half a moment ago, half a ticket ago, he was suggesting that JD Vance was having sex with the family couch. So this is a person who clearly has tremendous respect for people like JD Vance. I'm gonna say it again as clearly as I can. I am damn proud of my service to this country, and I firmly believe you should never denigrate another person's service record.


Weird because the entire media went out and tried to denigrate JD Vance's service record after all of this amazing, amazing stuff.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the Bulletin branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bo and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, Bo and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Lemme tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with BOL and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash ben. That's BOL and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details, that is bull and branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping.


And again, you know, it'd be useful if we had a working media that would just be the most useful thing in the world. Well, meanwhile, the UAW is joining the party. So there is an entire system here on the left, and that system of the left includes the unions. The unions are stacked in favor of Democrats. They have one of the most corrupt bargains in American politics. This has been true for generations. Public sector unions in particular will negotiate with the people they help elect. So they spend money that they receive from their own union members in order to elect people they then negotiate with and the people they're negotiating with are elected officials who are negotiating away taxpayer dollars. It's incredibly corrupt, even in the private sector. There's a lot of pressure that is put by public officials on particular companies who are then elected by the unions, the National Labor Relations Board, one of the most corrupt government bodies in America.


I mean, I, I know I've been investigated by the National Labor Relations Board for making a joke because this is what they do. Well now, the UAW is trying to silence Elon Musk in an attempt to curb whatever union support there is for Donald Trump. According to cnn, the United Auto Workers Union on Tuesday filed federal labor charges against Donald Trump and Elon Musk for threatening to intimidate workers who go on strike. Now you may be asking yourself, wait, is anyone going on strike? Does Donald Trump have workers who are striking, like how, how? Well, during Trump's interview on X Monday night with Musk, who's also the principal owner of the social media platform, the pair discussed a potential role for Musk in Trump's administration. Should he get reelected? Trump called Musk, quote the cutter and praised Musk for his anti-union stance.


He said, I look at what you do. You walk in, you just say you wanna quit. They go on strike. I won't mention the name of the company. They go on strike and you say, that's okay. You're all gone. You're all gone. Every one of you is gone. And Musk could be heard laughing. So the UAW is now claiming that this is interference with or restraint or coercion of employees, and that this is a violation of labor law for suggesting he would fire employees engaged in protecting concerted activity, including striking absolute insanity. But again, this is part of the problem here is that the left has spent generations baking their own predilections into the law, and then they use that law as a tool to silence all the people they don't like. And that's particularly true of Elon Musk and Donald Trump. That's why the UAW is now trying to activate the National Labor Relations Board.


Now, is this frivolous? Of course it is. Will the NLRB find a violation here? Of course they won't. But it's all political because everything is political. Everything in this day and age is political, which is why the media are a joke. It's why people on mass we're laughing at Stephen Colbert when he suggested that CNN is an objective media outlet because they absolutely are not. And if they were an objective media outlet, you know, they might ask where the president of the United States is at some point. Like, what is he doing? Where is he? He's been doing interviews, his interviews are not good. And he's been kinda dodging work, ditching work, going to the beach. So yesterday he was asked about Russia and Ukraine heating up. There's been a full scale Ukrainian incursion into Russia. It's, it's the biggest offensive move by the Ukrainians since the beginning of the war.


And here was Joe Biden's not particularly convincing or edifying answer. What do you have to say about what's happening in Russia and Ukraine? Have you spoken with anyone in the Ukrainian government? I've spoken with my staff on a regular basis, probably every four or five hours for the last six or eight days. And it's, it's creating a real dilemma for, and I, we've been in direct contact, constant contact with the the Ukrainians. That's all I'm gonna say about it. While it's acting, Okay, he has nothing to say about any of this. You know, he speaks to his staff regularly when they come to check his bedpan. That guy, the idea that he is running planet earth right now is just beyond, beyond the capacity of normal humans.


It's, it's, it's the stupidest thing I I've ever heard. He was so not with it. They tossed him as a nominee and suddenly they're leaving him in the White House for the duration. Speaking of which we'll get to the matters in the Middle East, which continue to heat up despite the best attempts of the White House to tamp them down first. The same white guys that absolutely demolished the left's gender ideology with What is a Woman are back, they're taking on an even bigger target. Get ready for mi racist is hitting theaters. September 13th, our own Matt Walsh went undercover as a So-called DEI expert. Let me tell you, the level of absurdity he uncovered is off the charts. You think you know how ridiculous this stuff is. You've seen nothing yet. Now here is the deal. We need your help to get this film into theaters nationwide. The only way to do that is to pre-sell tickets.


So the pre-sale tickets drop tomorrow is crucial that you buy them. Why? Well, the more tickets we sell now, the more theaters are gonna show it. That's how we fight back against left stranglehold on culture. Every ticket sale is a blow against their narrative. When we fight, we win. Period presales start tomorrow@miracist.com. Perhaps the most hilarious story in all of this, all this disinformation and misinformation coming from the mainstream media is the fact that the Harris campaign is so insecure that despite the fact the entire legacy media are on her side, apparently the Harris campaign put out Google ads to rewrite news headlines. I'm not even kidding. This is Axios reporting quote. The Harris campaign has been editing news headlines and descriptions within Google search ads that make it appear as if the Guardian Reuters, CBS News and other major publishers are on her side.


Axios found. Now here's the thing, they are, but she's so wildly insecure that she's got her campaign using SEO in order to legitimately change the headlines that appear on Google. It's a common practice in the commercial advertising world that doesn't violate Google's policies, but the ads mimic real news results from search. Closely enough, they have news outlets caught off guard. According to Google's ad transparency center. The Trump campaign is not running these type of ads. The ads say they're sponsored, but it's not immediately clear. The text that accompanies real news links is written by the campaigns and not by the media publications themselves. While we understand why an organization might wish to align itself with the guardian's trusted brand, we need to ensure it's being used appropriately. And with our permission, A guardian spokesperson said spokespeople for brands like C-N-N-U-S-A today and NPR, whose links appeared in Harris for President Ads said they were unaware their brand was being featured in this way.


So again, when Democrats do it, presumably this is just an act of genius. But if a Republicans did it, it obviously would be deeply corrupt. It's truly an incredible thing. She keeps just dumping on the media and they will take it and they'll take it because as I've said too many times over the past few days, in the most disgusting image in modern American politics, the Democrat media complex is a human centipede and they'll eat whatever it is the Kamala Harris is serving up. Okay? Meanwhile, over in the Middle East, everyone continues to await the possibility of an Iranian attack. Meanwhile, by the way, American troops are being wounded in the Middle East by Iranian forces. According to the Times Israel eight US service members were injured in a drone attack on a base in Syria. Last week, according to the Pentagon, Reuters first reported that several US and coalition personnel were wounded in a drone attack on Friday at Ru Malian Landing Zone, which hosts troops from the US and other countries in the US led coalition, Pentagon Spokesperson, air Force Major General Patrick Rider tells reporters, three personnel had already returned to duty.


The eight troops were treated for traumatic brain injury and smoke inhalation. So again, those forces were carried out by Iran backed forces. The Pentagon had nothing to say about that. They're hiding all of that. So in the face of a second rate power with evil leadership, the United States continues to try and downplay any conflict because they don't understand that the way you actually stop Iran is to scare the crap out of them. That, by the way, is the reason that Iran has not launched a full scale strike at this point against Israel in the aftermath of the killing of Ismail Khania, the head of Hamas in Tehran. The reason they haven't done that is because they're now scared of the Israelis. The Israelis have done two things that directly target Iran in the last six months after Iran launched its 300 missile strike against Israel, none of which actually killed anyone in Israel.


Israel then launched a weapon that nobody knew that they had to hit a place very close to their nuclear facility warning the Iranians, we have tech that you've never even seen it. So that scared the Iranians. Then Israel killed Kaia. The way that they killed Kania is that she recruited members of the Iranian police in order to actually gain access to his quarters. And so the Ayatollahs are looking around going, I don't know who around here is gonna blow my head off. So they're scared. They're scared that if they go full bore, Israel will do something they don't expect. It turns out that fear is an excellent weapon in the Middle East. Meanwhile, the White House continues to try to kowtow to Iranian wishes. So what are they doing? They're trying to cram down a ceasefire deal on Israel without Hamas even participating.


Hamas has said they're not even showing up to a negotiation on Thursday, a planned hostage summit and the New York Times is reporting the Hamas will not participate. Is that stopping the Biden administration from trying to push forward negotiations with no partner? Of course not. Because what the administration wants more than anything else is to leave Iran intact to ensure that Iran is not scared and to end conflict early. And because they're just misbegotten in their foreign policy ideas, they're just totally stupid in their foreign policy. They have two central ideas in foreign policy, both of which are dumb. One is then centrality of the Palestinian Israeli conflict. The idea that if you focus in on that and solve that, all the other problems solve themselves.


As it turns out, what the Abraham Accords actually proved is when you ignore that problem, all the other problems solve themselves. So that's dumb idea number one, which we'll come back to in a moment. Then there's dumb idea number two, which is that the way to actually achieve peace in the Middle East is through negotiated settlement short of victory. That is actually not how you achieve peace in the Middle East or anywhere else. It turns out in the history of warfare, the wars that tend to be won are wars where you actually win. It turns out that negotiated settlements very rarely lead to long lasting peace when both sides see themselves as intact in some major way. There's a point that's been made, great book called The Causes of War, sort of a classic of the genre.


The Cause of War by Jeffrey Blaney reviews every war that happened on Planet Earth between seventeen hundred and nineteen eighty seven. And one of his major conclusions, Jeffrey Blaney, in the causes of war, is that the way that you actually get to a lasting piece is not through a negotiated settlement where everyone is a little unhappy. The way you tend to get to a lasting piece, historically speaking, is when you win a war and you scare the other side. So crapless that they're unwilling to go up against you again, the point that he makes with regards to say World War I, so everyone says, oh, world War I, who's supposed to be the war that ends all war? Why didn't it? And then there are a lot of people who say, well, the Versailles Treaty that ends in World War I, it was, it was too. It was too onerous on the Germans and if it had been kinder, there wouldn't have been a World War ii or as he points out, it turns out that the piece that was foisted upon Germany at the end of World War II was a carino yian piece.


It literally parceled out the country into two halves, and then it had Western forces occupying it for the next several generations. There was no more war there. So maybe the problem with World War I is that it was inconclusive, not that it was conclusive. The same thing holds true in the Middle East, and yet the Biden administration knowing none of these things continues to push forward in idiotic foreign policy. So Hamas has now sent a signal according to the New York Times, that the group will not take part in the round of ceasefire talks on Thursday, sending a strong signal. Any breakthrough in negotiations was still elusive even as the United States, Qatar in Egypt were stepping up pressure on Hamas and Israel to reach a deal. Ed Abdul Haddi Hamas' representative in Lebanon said an interview.


Hamas had decided not to participate in the talks because its leaders do not think that the Israeli government has been negotiating in faith. Oh no, you mean that the hostage holding, baby killing group Hamas is, is saying the Israelis are not negotiating in good faith. Well then we must take them quite seriously, obviously, and that the fact that the Biden administration continues to try to foist this thing forward is totally crazy. Kamas, by the way, has no interest in this. Yesterday they fired two long range rockets both fell into the ocean. The goal was to basically scuttle any peace deal. Here, the reason they're trying to scuttle any ceases fire is 'cause they want to drag in Hezbollah and Iran hoping that Hezbollah being dragged in the north, Iran being dragged in, will cause Israel to redirect a lot of their military resources away from the Gaza Strip, thus allowing Yasir and Hamas to survive in the Gaza Strip.


They don't want a negotiated settlement here. And the problem is you can't get to a negotiated settlement without Hamas releasing the hostages. Iran can't do it. Hezbollah can't do it. Hezbollah and Iran are looking for an off ramp. There's a point that's been made by David Friedman, the former US Ambassador to Israel under Donald Trump. He says, let's review how he got to this sorry place. First, Iran and Hezbollah are threatening more with Israel, but looking for a way to climb down the tree in so far as they will fa poorly in any battle. Two, Iran is hinting in will not attack of he sees fire can be negotiated. Three Swar is out of weapons and soldiers all. He has the ability to drag Hezbollah and Iran into a war against Israel. He doesn't want them to stand down. Swar is looking for a way to avoid a deal up. Stepss, his partner, the New York Times, which puts out a front page piece saying Netanyahu is negotiating in bad faith.


Swar grateful to the New York Times for getting him off. The hook says he will not show up to negotiate. So that is the game right now.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain real time insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen me slash Shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


Nonetheless, the Biden administration continues to put pressure on the Israelis unbelievably. Joe Biden's un ambassador says the Envoy, Linda Thomas Greenfield. She says, the overall goal in the Middle East is to turn the temperature down. That starts with finalizing a deal for an immediate ceasefire with hostage releasing Gaza. We need to get this over the finish line. Well, if she's got any ideas, we're all ears. If you can somehow get the terrorist group to give up the babies and the women and the people that are holding hostage, then good luck to you. But the reality is, peace breaks out in the Middle East when the giant terror group in the heart of the Middle East backed by another giant terror state, is largely ignored and isolated.


That is when peace tends to break out in the Middle East. That was the secret of the Abraham Accords. It remains the secret of Middle Eastern peace today, except it's not a secret. It's only that idiots refuse to see it. In a a similarly stupid piece of news, Tony Blinken, our moronic Secretary of State, he has now put forth a condemnation via his spokesperson, Von Patel condemning Itamar Bevere, who's a very right winging member of the Israeli Coalition government. Why? Because he went to the Temple Mount on tba. Okay, so as a frequent visitor to the Temple Mount in Israel, because I am a Jew, and the Temple Mount is the hol site in Judaism, not the Western Wall, not any other place. It is the Temple Mount itself.


And because it turns out that it's actually the, the only place in Israel that you can actually find apartheid is on the Temple Mount where Muslims are allowed to pray freely and Jews are watched closely and largely banned from praying. Imar Bevere went up there on Tisha Baah and he said, no discrimination. Why Tisha Baah? Because that particular fast day, which we observed yesterday in the Jewish calendar, that particular fast day is about the destruction of the temple, which wait for it was located on the temple mound. And then as it turns out, Muslims, as they very frequently do throughout the history of their religion, decided that they would take a holy site of another religion and build a giant moss on top of it, which is again, not rare. They've been doing that in India. They did that in Turkey.


Obviously Istanbul used to be called Constantinople. So the fact that Jews went up there to pray, that being treated as some sort of outrage by the Blinken State Department is idiocy of the highest order. Blinken said, quote, these provocative actions only exacerbate tensions at a pivotal moment when all focus should be on the ongoing diplomatic efforts to achieve a ceasefire agreement and secure the release of all hostages and create the conditions for broader regional stability. If you think that Hamas is being held back from giving up hostages because Jews went up and walked around on the Temple Mount, got another think for you, that ain't the problem. The problem is the Jews existing in the Middle East, not the Jews praying, but again, leave it to Tony Blinken to take the dumbest possible position and a piece of good news for which they do deserve some credit.


Tony Blinken finally has approved weapon sales of more than $20 billion to Israel. Now, again, it really was not up to him. Congress passed a $20 billion aid package months ago. Tony Blinken has been holding that up. Apparently that includes F 15 fighter jets and about 33,000 tank shells. However, the F fifteens are not expected to arrive for several years. The most notable approval is the sale, again, of the F fifteens. Other sales include $774 million in tank shells, $102 million in advanced medium range air-to-air missiles, $61.1 million and 120 millimeter high explosive mortar shells. And 583.1 million in tactical vehicles. Now remember, all that money has to be spent on American armaments.


Not only that, the contracts of American Aid that go to Israel require that Israel spend, its all, all spending it's gonna do abroad on military aid has to be spent in the United States, generally speaking, for the vast majority of weapons systems. In any case, that is a piece of of good news. Another piece of good news is that they're now lifting the 2021 sale of bombs to Saudi Arabia weapons ban. So apparently maybe, maybe we can hope reality is beginning to set in, in the absence of President Joe Biden, who again may or may not be comatose. All righty. Coming up. We are going to get to this snow white debacle. Rachel Zeer is just, what a wow. Just wow.


Wait till they hear this one. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Take Those growing up, never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Ain't gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes. This country is a piece of shit. White folks. White trash, white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around for a black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful in.