
Shop in store at Adidas and find the latest trends and iconic fits for Spring from Legendary Superstar and Samba kicks that. Go with any outfit to the newest workout, gear, shoes, and apparel. Find your nearest Adidas store and shop it all today.


I already folks a ton coming up for you today on the show. It is a fire hose of news, all the latest from the Middle East Israel, wrecking the Iranian military capacity, Iran firing missiles into civilian areas in Israel. What comes next will be joined by everybody from Amit Segal of Channel 12 in Israel to Senator Tom Cotton to talk about that, the latest on this Minnesota legislative shooter who has now been caught, plus President Trump's military parade and the No Kings protest. Just a stacked show.


First the mob is back in the streets, burning flags, torching cars, attacking cops. Once again, the legacy media call it justice, but we've seen this movie before at The Daily Wire. We don't sit back. We fight. We build platforms they can't cancel. We tell stories they can't control. We create the future. They cannot burn down. Join millions of people who still believe in truth, courage, and common sense at Daily Wire Plus dot com.


Well, the situation in the Middle East has gotten very hot. Obviously Israel is absolutely wrecking the Iranian military and nuclear capacity. That is the actual story. Ignore all of the trash that you're seeing on acts about how really Iran is doing amazing in this. Iran is not doing amazing in this war. This is not Mike Tyson versus Lennox Lewis or something. This is Mike Tyson versus a deranged leprechaun. And the Mike Tyson. Here is Israel and the deranged leprechaun is the Iranians. Essentially, the way that this is working is that Israel has taken out nearly the entire top layer of the Iranian military. Israel has taken out a wide variety, maybe up to 90% of the nuclear capacity of Iran. We'll get to the base in Fordo in just a moment. Israel has taken out one third of the ballistic missile launchers in Iran.


Israel has complete air superiority over Iran. Complete meaning the anti-aircraft defenses in Iran are not existent. Israel has been flying continuous sorties in daylight in Iran for days on end. Remember this attack started US time, Eastern time. It started Thursday night. It is now Monday. Israel has been flying continuous sorties since Thursday night into Monday all the time. It has not stopped. For one moment, Israel has been striking targets in Iran. In fact, very good summary on where things are from Abu Ali Express, which is definitely a telegram account worth. Following listing where things currently stand here, here's what Iran has achieved.


Okay? Iran basically has decided that what they were going to do is in response to Israel's attacks, fire ballistic missiles at population centers in Israel, which shows the difference by the way, between the regimes. Israel is striking. Military targets, military political targets, nuclear scientists, very targeted strikes. Iran is firing ballistic missiles, large scale ballistic missiles directly into the population centers and killing old people in children in Tel Aviv. The number of people who have been killed thus far is approximately 22 people who have been killed thus far in Israel. Israel meanwhile has destroyed the vast majority of Iran's military capacity. So Iran is in a bit of a box as we'll discuss in just a few minutes with regards to their ballistic missile program because every time they fire a ballistic missile, they're revealing the location of a ballistic missile launcher.


And Israel is then destroying the ballistic missile launchers. In fact, last night there is a home front command warning that went out. So there is a system in Israel called Home Front Command where they warn Israeli civilians what to do, where to get to shelter, when to get to shelter, and all the rest. There's a home front command that went out late last night in the middle of the night in Israel and it told everybody to get to a shelter. And then for two hours nothing happened. Now normally when there's a home front command, there's going to be what's called a red alert. The air raid sirens go off within minutes. This time there's a two hour delay. Why? Because Israel was so sophisticated and exact in taking out the missile capacity that they were preemptively destroying the launchers on the ground. It took the Iranians two hours to find the capacity to fire a bevy of missiles into Israel.


So that's how effective Israel is right now. Again, Iran is sort of in a catch 22 with regards to its ballistic missile programs. If it fires hundreds of ballistic missiles, Israel will immediately identify from where those missiles were fired and destroy the launchers, meaning that they're incapacitated for future use. If Iran does not fire, then effectively they have no response to Israel's destruction of their military capacity. So Abule Express sums up where things are. After three days of war, Iran's achievements, approximately 380 ballistic missiles were launched from Iran toward Israel. Approximately 100 UAVs were launched from Iran toward Israel. Those would be the drones. There were some significant damage caused to buildings in Israel at the impact sites, and you're seeing a lot of that film on places on TV, CNN, Fox News, and it's true, there have been a couple of buildings that have been severely damaged in Israel that is not the same thing as what Israel is doing to Iran.


And the attempt by the media constantly to draw a comparison as though these are two heavyweights slugging it out wrong because here's what Israel has accomplished in the last three days. First, about 120 out of 360 Iranian ballistic missile launchers were destroyed. Second, around 15 senior nuclear scientists were eliminated, including nine of the top nine dozens of senior officials in the Iranian security apparatus were eliminated, including the commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, the chief of staff of the Iranian Armed Forces, the heads of Iranian intelligence, including those of the IRGC, the commander of the ERA and Space Forces of the Revolutionary Guards and his senior command, the commander of QMA Albi, the commander of the Tehran Police. That last one is important because if there were to be a sort of popular uprising, it would be his job.


To put it down in Tehran Iran's air system, air defense systems have been completely destroyed or rendered ineffective. Iran has no capacity to stop Israel's F 30 fives and F sixteens from simply flying sorties unhindered across Iranian airspace. The nuclear facility in Itan was destroyed. We'll get to that in a moment. The level of destruction and the sophistication with which Israel took out the centrifuges at that naans facility, the nuclear facility in Isfahan was heavily damaged. The heavy water facility in Iraq was also attacked. There was minor damage inflicted on facilities that were adjacent to Fordo. Now again, Fordo remains the sort of outstanding Israeli task at this point because it's located 90 meters underground encased in cement.


Now, they can't actually do everything they need to do to develop a nuclear weapon at Fordo, but that is sort of their outstanding capacity thus far. Government offices in Tehran are being routinely attacked. Israel is taking out the Iranian television station today. Israel destroyed a refueling aircraft for Iran. Israel has been destroying fuel depots and a refinery in Tehran. And by the way, there's plenty more that Israel can do. Israel can take out ports, Israel can take out the oil fields. Israel still can take out Ayatollah. So again, what is happening is one of the most successful military operations in modern history. And anyone who's telling you different that this is a widespread conflagration or a regional war or it's going to escalate into something different, there is no evidence of that certainly, and anyone who's telling you that this is two sluggers just beating each other up, that is a lie.


This is not Russia, Ukraine. This is not gonna be a long lasting war where months in these two, these two parties are still battling it out. That is not the way this is going to go. Israel is absolutely wrecking Iran right now. They're wrecking Iran. Now again, they have not yet taken out foreign, oh, when it comes to Naans. When it comes to Naans, naans is is one of their big nuclear facilities. And Israel has been striking pretty much every element in the chain of their nuclear program. According to the Wall Street Journal, the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency said that there was a sudden loss of power at Naans. So it wasn't just that Israel hit actually the nuclear facility. They actually destroyed the power source to the nuclear facility.


For some reason, the Iranians had thought that they were insulated from that and they had left the centrifuges on. And so that may have destroyed many of the roughly 14,000 underground centrifuges. They're still running and there's a sudden power outage. These are very sensitive machines. And so they spin off and when they spin off, the centrifuges are broken. The long cascades of centrifuge machines, which spins produce uranium are fragile and They can break if they're not shut down gradually. So Israel was capable of essentially shutting them down all at once, suddenly breaking many of them. And Israeli officials said there were indications the underground portion of Naans facility may have imploded. Iran has also struck critical parts of the supply chain for making a bomb at Iran's Isfahan Complex in central Iran. Israel took out four buildings, two of which are must haves for a nuclear weapon.


One is Iran's uranium conversion facility, which turns uranium into a gaseous form. It needed to feed it into centrifuges. The second was Iran's fuel fabrication plant, which converts enriched uranium into uranium metal, which makes up a large part of a nuclear warhead. So again, outstanding work by the Israeli Air Force just on a raw military level. Now what about Fordo? So Fordo is again the big outstanding issue right here because Fordo is of course really, really heavily insulated. So I asked for Perplexity what munitions, what Israel require in order to destroy the Iranian nuclear facility at Fordo. And Perplexity explains to effectively destroy Iran's for nuclear facility, Israel requires specialized bunker busting munitions capable of penetrating deeply buried fortified structures.


The facility located 90 meters underground within a mountain presents unique challenges due to its depth and reinforced construction. So either A GBU 57 massive ordinance Penetrator and MOPA 30,000 pound MOP can reach approximately 60 meters through Earth or 18 meters through reinforced concrete. But fordo depth exceeds even that capacity. Even to carry that would require a B two or a B 21 rater. Presumably Israel could try to use a repeated slew of GBU 31 B or GB 28 Bunker Busters. Those were the ones that were used in strikes and Hezbollah's underground facilities. So they'd have to drop a bunch of those in a row. So obviously this is the big challenge for Israel.


So with all of that said, what exactly has to happen? Well, one of two things has to happen. Either the Iranian regime is going to give up fordo because they're sustaining so much damage that the only way to retain their actual leadership of Iran is to give up Fordo voluntarily in the same way that Mufi gave up his nuclear facilities, his nuclear ambitions. Or there will have to be some sort of special commando raid by the Israelis or some other special plan by the Israelis or the possibility of a one B two sort by the Americans. And here's where President Trump's strategy comes into play. I'll get to President Trump's strategy in a moment. 'cause it's like true, truly 40 chess. What the President has done here, the president of the United States has with no use of American military personnel, devastated the Iranian nuclear resources to the point that Iran is begging the Americans to come to the table now begging the Americans to come to the table now.


And President Trump has said, listen, all options are still on the table. It may be that if Ford O is still in operation a couple of weeks from now or a week from now, and the Iranians will not come to the table, that one B two sort ends fordo. And that there is no capacity for Iran to fire back because Israel has already destroyed all of the ballistic missiles that would've been outgoing to any place that threatens Americans. And that that is part of the strategy. I believe at this point, the Wall Street Journal says Iran's largest uranium enrichment site in Iton has been damaged, as has Isfahan. Meanwhile, the enrichment site at for which is buried deep under our mountain, has not been touched. The enriched uranium at Fordo is believed to be enough to produce several bombs.


The danger is that if Iran retains the nuclear fuel, it has already enriched as well as the centrifuges to enrich more. The country could sprint to make a bomb. This is where the United States comes in. Israel lack the deep penetrating bombs and the heavy bombers to deliver them that could do more damage to buried sites. The US has both. Israel would like the US help in taking out those nuclear sites. President Trump seems reluctant to do so for reasons he and the administration haven't explained. President Trump endorsed the initial attacks, though he continues to suggest the bombing could increase the chances of negotiated deal to dismantle Iran's nuclear program. So I think that this is what President Trump is doing. President Trump is basically using the Israelis as the bad cop, and he's the good cop. He's saying to the Iranians, listen, we can just let the Israelis off the chain, right? The Israelis are doing what they're gonna do and we don't control them.


They're their own country. They didn't even have permission to go in the first place. They can do what they're doing and you can continue to weather that as best you can. But at a certain point, if you are prone and this continues and you won't give up four, oh, We don't know, maybe there will be a B two. Maybe we'll give, we'll give Israel use of AB two. Maybe we'll find some other way with Israel. Maybe Israel will do it on its own. You just don't know what's going to happen next. And this is very smart by President Trump. And President Trump has played this absolutely brilliantly. If you had told people just a few years ago that Iran's nuclear regime would be on the precipice of collapse with zero regional fallout zero, and the United States would not have expended a single offensive missile in that effort to this point, people would've thought that that was genius level stuff.


Because you know what it is, it's kind of genius level stuff. Alright folks, tons coming up. All the updates still from the middle of the war. Amit Segal at Channel 12. Senator Tom Cotton's gonna stop by Tucker Carlson attacking the president of the United States really attacking him. Get to all of it.


First Pure Talk. My wireless company, a veteran led company, believes every man and woman who is faithfully served this country deserves to proudly fly an American flag made in America. And that's why Pure Talk is on a mission to give an allegiance flag the highest quality American flag, period. It's 1000 US Veterans in time for the Patriotic Holidays, independence Days. Coming up on July 4th, of course, just switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk. This month, a portion of every sale will go to provide these high quality flags to deserving veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and plenty of data you can enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G Network, while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year. Pure Talk is great, making business phone calls, filming research. Again, their data is excellent, their coverage is excellent, the price is excellent. Just go to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. Again, that's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro To support veterans and to switch to America's Wireless company Pure Talk, go check them out right now. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro. Switch is really easy. Their coverage is excellent, the price is lower. What exactly do you have to lose? Plus you're supporting America's veterans. Head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash Shapiro right now.


Also, right now, things are very, very hot between Israel and Iran. Iran has been firing bevies of missiles into the center of Israel, directed directly at civilian areas. Families across Israel are right now living in their safe rooms. Literally like I have friends who literally are living in their safe rooms Right now. Israel's operation Rising Line has been highly successful. It doesn't mean that people in Israel are not suffering. Of course they are. And this is where the IFCJ comes in. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground delivering lifesaving aid where it is needed most. IFCJ provides emergency food, shelter, trauma support, and security upgrades, including bomb shelters and fortified hospital units. In the past year alone, IFCJ has helped over 2 million people supplying basic needs to the elderly Holocaust survivors, new immigrants and children. Children traumatized by war as Israel's defenders. Stand ready, IFCJ stands with them funding Bulletproof Ambulances, supporting first responders, offering comfort to those in line of fire. Your support means food for the Hungry, safety for the Vulnerable, hope for a nation under Siege. Now, as the world watches and uncertainty grows, you can make a difference through donations. Together, you can bring light to the darkest moments. Visit Ben for the fellowship.org to donate today. That's one word, Ben for the fellowship.org to donate.


While Prime Minister Netanyahu was on Fox News with Brett Baer over at Fox News last night, and he was explaining why he decided to make the move right now, he said we faced a dual existential threat as the Prime Minister because We were facing an imminent threat, a dual existential threat. One, the threat of Iran rushing to weaponize their enrich uranium to make atomic bombs with a specific and declared intent to destroy us. Second, a rush to increase their ballistic missile arsenal into the capacity that they would have 3,600 weapons a year. New weapons within three years, 10,000 ballistic missiles. Each one weighing a ton coming in at Mach six right into our cities, as you saw today.


And then in 20, in six years, 20,000 that's in no country can sustain that, and certainly not a country the size of Israel. So we had to act. It was the 12th hour we did act. So again, he's pointing out two threats and one of them is already materialized. And he's saying if the second materialized, you're talking about the possible annihilation of Israel, the ballistic missile threat already materialized. You're seeing video of those ballistic missiles falling into the center of Tel Aviv. One nuclear tipped missile means millions of people dead at the very least hundreds of thousands of people dead. So for all of these supposed peace lovers who are seeking to prevent nuclear war, it seems like the best way to prevent nuclear war is to prevent the people who are firing ballistic missiles into populated cities from getting nuclear weapons to attach to those ballistic missiles.


And that is the point that Netanyahu is making right now. As far as regime change, there's been a lot of talk about regime change in Iran, like what happens next. Now, clearly the Iranian regime has been weakened. This is the weakest point for the Iranian regime. Since 1979, QEM Soleimani for the president of the United States. Donald Trump took out on January 3rd, 2020, he had vowed that he was going to create a ring of fire around Israel and that he would make it impossible for the Iranian regime to be put on its back. He said that Israel is gonna be surrounded by the Houthis in the South by Hamas and the Gaza Strip by Hezbollah in Lebanon, by the Assad regime in Syria, by terrorist groups in Iraq. And right now Israel has an open lane, a complete aerial freeway from Israel into Tehran.


So every element of that failed, every element of Qem Soleimani dream has been completely destroyed and defeated. So is regime changed? Something that Israel's looking for, while the Israelis have said, look, we're not interested in trying to foist regime change, but if it's the only way to end the nuclear threat, then that's the only way to end the nuclear threat. Here's Prime Minister Netanyahu last night with Brett Bear. So is regime change part of the effort here? Could certainly be the result because the Iran regime is very weak. I I think it's basically left with two things. It's it's plans to have atomic bombs and ballistic missiles. That's basically what Iran has. They certainly don't have the people. 80% of the people will throw these theological thugs out.


I mean, they, they murder them. They oppress them for 46 years. They've yearned for freedom. I mean, they shoot women because they, their hair is uncovered. They shoot students. They, they just suck the, the oxygen from the, this brave and gifted people, the Iranian people. Okay, so there's Prime Minister Netanyahu saying that. Could there be regime change? Sure. Again, ITO Khomeini so far has not been a target of the Israelis. We'll get to a fake leak in in a moment because there are people in the administration who are trying to leak against the policies of the president of the United States. That is very obviously true. President Trump, for his part continues to play good cop. And again, this is, this is smart stuff from the presidents of the United States.


So the president was asked yesterday about his continued support for Israel and President Trump said, yeah, obviously, Well the US continue to support Israel in its defense. We do. Yeah, thank you very much everyone. President Trump also was asked about the possibility of a deal and he said, sure there could be a deal. But you know, sometimes people just have to fight. Well, I hope there's gonna be a deal. I think it's time for a deal and we'll see what happens. But sometimes they have to fight it out. But we're gonna see what happens. I think there's a good chance there'll be a deal. Yeah. And what he means by that is that Iran is going to come to the table. You are watching an epic geopolitical version of good cop, bad cop playing out in real time.


President Trump is the good cop. The United States is the good cop. Israel playing the bad cop. President Trump put out a tweet via truth social to that effect, quote, Iran and Israel should make a deal and we'll make a deal just like I got India and Pakistan to make in that case, by using trade with the United States to bring reason, cohesion, insanity into the talks with two excellent leaders who were able to quickly make a decision and stop. Also during my first term, Serbia and Kosovo were going at it hot and heavy as they have for many decades. And this long time conflict was ready to break out into war. I stopped it. Biden has hurt the longer term prospects with some very stupid decisions, but I'll fix it again. Another case is Egypt and Ethiopia. They fight over a massive dam that is having an effect on magnificent Nile River. There's peace, at least for now because of my intervention, and it will stay that way. Likewise, we'll have peace soon between Israel and Iran. Many calls and meetings now taking place.


I do a lot and never get credit for anything, but that's okay. The people understand, make the Middle East great again. Again, good cop, bad cop. And how can you tell that it's having an effect? Well, because the Iranians are sending some rather mixed signals. So yesterday, according to Reuters, Iran told mediators, Qatar and Oman that it is not opened to negotiating a ceasefire while under Israeli attack. They said they will only pursue serious negotiations once Iran has completed its response to the Israeli preemptive strikes. Oh, but that's not what they are saying as of today. So according to the Wall Street Journal, Iran has been urgently signaling. It seeks an end hostilities and resumption of talks over its nuclear program, sending messages to Israel and the United States via Arab intermediaries, middle Eastern and European officials said in the midst of a ferocious Israeli air campaign, Tehran has told Arab officials they would be open to returning to the negotiating table as long as the US doesn't join the attack.


What they're afraid of is that the United States is gonna blow Florida. That's what they're afraid of. They also passed messages to Israel saying it's in the interest of both sides to keep the violence contained. But with Israeli war, planes able to fly freely over the capitol and Iranian counter attacks inflicting minimal damage. Israeli leaders have little incentive to halt their assault before doing more to destroy Iran's nuclear sites and further weaken the theocratic. Governments Hold on power. This is correct. Obviously Aya Khomeini is currently hiding in a bunker somewhere in Northern Teran. And so the choices for the ayatollah are very simple. The choices are very simple. Either they give up Florida and their entire nuclear program or the regimes in serious trouble. Because if you think that Israel went into this without any plan whatsoever for Fordo, you gotta have another thing coming.


They wouldn't have done this if they didn't have any plan with Fordo for sure. Now again, what's happening right now is that Iran's only response to this is to fire these large ballistic missiles at population centers in Israel. And you can see the video, I mean the video's pretty stunning. Again, they're just firing these missiles directly where they think people are. That is it. They're not targeting military facilities. They're not attempting to take out strategic targets. This is B-roll video, you can see it here. This is actually video that is from Iraq across the border. You can see all these missile launches into the stratosphere there. And obviously there's been damage done in Tel Aviv.


It's clip 26. You can see the the damage that's been done to residential areas of Tel Aviv. Again, collapse of a building Again, the death so far in Israel has been every death is a tragedy on both sides. Obviously the T tragedy is on the hands of the Iranian government, but in terms of military comparative terms, the death has been minimal on the Israeli side. Part of that is because Israel has been preparing its own citizens for the possibility of war like this for literally decades. There is a building program in Israel called Tamim 38 that is deliberately designed to retrofit all old buildings in Israel so that they are safer against bomb attack. Israel has hardened its hospitals against bomb attack.


They actually have subterranean facilities designed in case of a bomb attack. That's because they live in the world's worst neighborhood. And so they've been prepping for this for years. Whereas obviously Israel's opponents are happy to watch its own civilians die. Israel is not. And what that means is that people have been going into their safe rooms and by and large, if you're in the safe room, you are safe in Israel. So Iran is in serious trouble at this point. How serious is the trouble that Iran is in right now? So serious that if Vladimir Putin is basically giving them the drowning high five meme at this point. So all those folks out there, particularly on the isolationist, right, who are suggesting Russia's gonna step in here, Russia's gonna do something, somebody will step in. No one is stepping in.


No one is stepping in. Iran has no serious allies at this point. They're prone, they're on their back. That is just the reality. Anyone who is telling you different was lying to you. Vladimir Putin contacted President Trump yesterday at the urging of the Ayatollahs, according to Israel, hi. To address the conflict. And apparently Putin asked Trump basically to call off the Israelis and Trump said no. And so Putin went back to Khomeini and he didn't say, we're upping our support for you. He said, well bud, you're on your own. Maybe you might wanna make a deal. 'cause otherwise we got room for you to bunk over here next to Bashar Asad. But remember, the Russians abandoned Assad too.


I mean, if you go back a year, the Russians were talking about Assad was one of their key allies. And a year later, Bashar Asad is bunking somewhere in Moscow, and Syria is being run by a man who now says that Israel has a clear runway over Syrian's skies, which is something he said publicly yesterday already. Tons more coming up. Tucker Carlson attacking the president, overtly attacking President Trump saying The president isn't America first. Plus Senator Tom Cotton stops by first.


My work schedule has been rather busy as of late, especially because of the extended show. I still need to make sure I'm maintaining my health, hitting the gym, spending time with my family. Even with that hectic schedule, I learned pretty quickly. Peak performance requires peak nutrition, not just caffeine. That means eating enough fruits and veggies throughout the course of the day, wherever it may take me. That's why I'm so thankful to have Balance Of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies Every day. That sounds miserable and time consuming with Balance Of Nature, fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules Every day and then your body knows precisely what's to do with them. It's kosher. So I pop it right in the protein smoothie and I am good to go. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS, get a free bottle of Fiber and Spice. That's Balance Of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro, go check them out right now. Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro, 35% off your first order as preferred customer and that free bottle of fiber and spice


also, you know, to get ready for bed and you go around, you lock the doors, you turn off the lights. You just want that peace of mind knowing everything is secure. And that's what you get with SimpliSafe. It really makes all the difference when it comes to home security. Most security systems only kick in after someone's already broken into your home. By then, it could be too late. But SimpliSafe new active guard outdoor protection actually helps stop the break-ins before they even happen. Here's how it works. AI powered cameras work with live monitoring agents to spot suspicious activity around your property. If someone's lurking around the agents, talk to them in real time. Turn on spotlights, call the cops if needed. It stops crime before it starts. What I really like is there are no contracts, no hidden fees. Plus SimpliSafe has serious credibility. CNET just named them Best Home Security system of 2025. Over 4 million Americans trust them. They're also ranked number one in customer service by Newsweek and USA today. I personally have a SimpliSafe system here at the studios in South Florida, and SimpliSafe is just fantastic. It means that all of our equipment is safe and so are our people. Monitoring plans start around a dollar a day. They offer a 60 day money back guarantee. So you can try at risk free. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro, claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan. Get your first month for free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


So again, the idea that Vladimir Putin is desperate to uphold the honor of the Iranian regime is not true. It's not true. The Iranians are isolated and they're in serious trouble. That is the current status of the war right now. What's the end game for that war? Joining me online is I meet Segal, he's chief political analyst for Israel's leading at News Outlet Channel 12 news, as well as the country's most read newspaper. He also anchors Israel's highly watched meet the Press. Amit, thanks so much for the time, really appreciate it. Thank you, Ben. So why don't we start with where the war stands after four days? Essentially, Israel has done an incredible job. It appears of knocking off the top levels of the Iranian military. They've taken out certain nuclear sites like Naans.


The big questions remain fordo what Israel plans to do with the regime. Why don't you gimme the update on where you think the war stands right now. I'm sorry to give an American audience an allegory with football with the Israel, the, the European football, a k soccer, but it's the equivalent of Israel leading five zero. And now we are in the last minute. And all the Iranians can do is just, you know, try to hit the, the, the the players not to win the game, but to cause damage to prevent them from playing in the next season. This is what is happening. Israel actually took 90% of the assets of the nuclear assets of the Iranian regime, 33% of the launchers, I think 25% of the missile, the ballistic missiles, and a hundred percent of the Iranian deterrence.


The idea of an Iranian new Persian empire, the towards the Middle East was shattered. And everyone in the Middle East is hearing the noise as we speak. Now, what Iranians can do is to try to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible in order to deter Israel or to try to create some kind of, of a balance. But it's definitely not the case. Now, s for du du is like the back plan for the fallback position for the Iranian nuclear program. You can do many of the things there. Not everything, because it's 90 meters under the ground, it's very protected.


The US Army can do it. The Israeli army can do part of it. Now here's the thing, as for du, in order to do something in du you have actually to have people who know what to do. They're all dead. By now, nine out of the nine most influential nuclear scientists are dead. And I don't think there would be a high demand if, if someone is recruiting for office for the, for this new job because it does not promise a, a long life expectancy. So the question at this point is sort of where this goes from here. So obviously the, the IAF has essentially an open runway all the way from Israel to Tehran.


There was a warning this morning Eastern time that people should get out of particular areas of Tehran because Israel is hitting military and political targets in Tehran after Tehran has been firing missiles directly into population centers in Israel. So far, Israel's air defenses have performed really, really well. But obviously you're talking about hundreds of missiles that have been fired into Israel. These are large missiles with, with significant payloads. And so there have been many people injured. There have been some who have been killed in Israel. But, you know, on balance the, as you say, the, there's no question that Israel has been absolutely rocking the Iranian regime, while the Iranians are basically just attempting to kill Israeli civilians and not being extraordinarily successful at it. So what is, what is the end game here?


How much longer is it gonna take for Israel to achieve its strategic goals here? And is al Khomeini on the target list as well? Well, okay, so, so let's begin with the life expectancy of the war. Israel's most successful war was the six day war, and Iran's most well-known war was the eight year war with Iraq. So they have a, a, They can breathe for a longer time, they're a longer country. But first, Israel eliminated their ability to produce many ballistic missiles. Israel took their anti-aircraft systems. So if they shoot, let's say 75 missiles a night in order to overcome Israel's anti missile systems, it means necessarily that within 30 days this war is over for the Iranians.


More than this, Israel take is already taken one third of the launchers, which means that as time passes, Israel know and destroy and recognizes and destroys more than, more than before. So I would say they have more for two, three weeks unless they actually abandon the strategy of trying to overcome the Israel aircraft systems and Israeli anti missile systems. And they turn to the yemenite option of firing one ballistic missile a night. And then they have for three years. I don't think they will take the risk because Israel can escalate three, four more levels while Iranians are only left with this option.


Israel, for instance, can eliminate the Iranian economy by attacking bundle passport. Israel can take the oil and gas industry, which accounts for 85% of the America, of the Iranian economy. Israel can eliminate, as you said, one day he'll have to get out of his bunker somewhere in northern Tehran, by the way, Israel knows where he is and he, he would be killed. So I think it, it leads me to the conclusion that Iranians are seeking a, a, a quick end to this conflict before Fordo is destroyed and the Iranian economy would vanish.


And, and so that brings up the question of the American involvement in, in all of this, president Trump has suggested that he would like to reach an off ramp here. Obviously there's a bit of good cop, bad cop that's being played here, where Israel is the bad cop slapping the Iranians around. And the United States is saying to the Aya, listen, if you wanna preserve Forea, if you wanna preserve your lives, then you really should come to the table. Iran has not evidenced tremendous willingness to, to do that at this point, probably because they believe that if they give up forea, then that will put them in a position where their regime falls inside the next couple of years anyway, because they, they're, they're deeply worried that without a nuclear future, that their regime is in danger. Where do you think the possibility of negotiation lies here? Or is Israel just gonna continue for the next few days? Upping the antes, you say it's kind of a catch 22 for the, the Iranians, if they continue to fire missiles, right?


Even if Israel doesn't eliminate the launchers, they run outta missiles. And also every time they fire a missile, EV Israel's blowing up the, the launchers. I mean, last night there was a, a home command front in Israel, home front command put out a warning to Israelis that they should all stay near their safe rooms. And for two hours nothing happened. And that was because Israel was preemptively blowing up all of the launchers in Iran that were going hot before they could launch the missiles. So Iran is really stuck in a box here. What does the off ramp look like? Do you think Iran takes it? I think the Iranians are, they have a very narrow path not to victory, but to actually end the war. They must react, must in order to preserve the, the, the, the standing of the, of the administration in the eyes of the Iranian people and the entire Middle East.


And on the other hand, they cannot escalate too much because of all the reasons I've just mentioned. So what I think is that they must end the war. Now here's the thing, I'm not sure that the Iranians these days and these how many, the 86-year-old and a very sick and not very stable is the smart guy that we have known in the past. We were lectured about Iranians have, you know, 3000 year experience in bargaining in the bazaar. But I have to say that, and you know, because we, we talked about it privately a few times over the last few months that we couldn't believe our eyes to see Iranians so reluctant to make any concessions.


They just drove Trump to let Israel to Greenlight Israel, to attack Iran. So here's the thing, rationally speaking, they must actually bring the war to an end. But from what I'm hearing and and the fact that the Iranian parliament today passed resolution to leave the anti federation treaty, it, it, it leads, it almost forces the US to act. And that's why I wouldn't gamble on, on the Iranians because they don't act rationally. So yeah, as far as this is concerned, obviously the, the missiles continue to fly into Israel. As we've said, the the death count in Israel at this point is, is not high by comparative standards, but you're talking about civilians who, who are being killed in Israel.


So what, what is the attitude on the ground, considering that again, these missiles are falling in Central Tel Aviv, which is a highly populated area. Yes. So They can actually fire at Aviv. They actually try to do it. 22 Israeli citizens and tourists were killed over the last three nights. It's not a very, a very pleasant experience to be in the shelter three times a night, although you get used to it. You know, my grandmother was born in London and she spent a blitz in the bomb city of London. They experienced a doel of 40 thousands. And just, just a way, just a comparison. So Israelis will stand, they'll stay firm, they'll stand firm, and they will survive.


You, you hear amazing things from people who lost their homes and said and say to the IDF, just, you know, keep buggering on as a Winston Churchill said. So I'm quite optimistic about the spirit, the Israeli spirit, and I think that it's not the case to say the least with the Iranian people. Just a few minutes ago, the IDF issued a warning for more than a million citizens in Tehran to live their homes because Israel is about to bomb the Iranian television, the television that actually spreads poison, anti-Jewish, anti-Semitic poison. So this is just a hint of what Israel can do without, of course, bombing civilians.


Well that's, I mean, Segal from Channel 12, remember to check out his telegram, which is the best source for information on the war and Israeli politics generally. Thanks so much for the time, really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you so much.


Already coming up, two Minnesota State Senators were shot to death over the weekend. We'll bring you all the news updates first, when you're covering breaking news and political developments the way we do here, you can't always stick to that normal nine to five schedule. Stories break all the time. Having the flexibility to manage my time effectively, that's not just a luxury. That's what we actually do here at The Daily Wire. That's why I appreciate tools like stamps dot com that let me handle business tasks on my own schedule, not someone else's. Luckily stamps dot com has revolutionized how you and your business can handle all mailing and shipping needs. Whether you're sending out important documents, promotional materials, or packages, you can do it all right from your computer or phone, any time of day or night. No lines, no traffic, no waiting. Plus, if you sell products online, stamps dot com seamlessly connects with every major marketplace and shopping cart. And here's what makes it even better. Stamps dot com's rate Advisor takes out all the guesswork from shipping costs. It automatically calculates the best shipping rates and shows you options you're not gonna find anywhere else, including up to 89% off USPS and UPS services. All you need is computer and printer. They'll even send you a free scale to get started. Have more flexibility in your life. With stamps dot com, sign up. It's stamps dot com slash shapiro, get four weeks free plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long term commitments, no contracts. Just go to stamps dot com slash shapiro. That's stamps dot com slash shapiro.


We got some more on this in moment. First, you know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is great. It could probably be a little better. Guess what? It can. Let me tell you how to make shooting more fun, safer, just overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you're missing out. Trust me, once you shoot suppressed, you're not gonna wanna shoot Unsuppressed again. That's where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure your shooting experience is awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer so you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year? Invest in a suppressor and completely upgrade your shooting experience. The best part, silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all of the paperwork so you actually don't have to with their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started in minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit silencer shop dot com slash shapiro, turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. Again, silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro.


Now meanwhile, while one of the most transformative geopolitical events of our lifetime is taking place, the entire shifting of the Middle East away from Iran and its allies, the complete destruction of the Iranian octopus top down, all the arms off. While that is happening, there are still people on both right and left who have horseshoe theory around and somehow found this to be absolutely terrible. Apparently Iran should have remained, and not only should they have remained in power, the AYAs, but they should be able to pursue their nuclear weapons program. And all of this is just it. It's unthinkable. The Democrats who are saying this, I have to say, are some of the stupidest people on earth. Truly, truly stupid people. So Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, he says, you know what would be great is that we could have done more sanctions. That would've been the thing.


Would it though? Would it though Iran was gaining breakout capacity with its nuclear facilities, Iran had already been subjected to serious sanctions by the Trump administration. They were trying to break out specifically to evade sanctions. And so his solution was more sanctions as opposed to what? Just stand back and let Israel do what Israel needs to do. What a fool Richard Blumenthal is, I think we ought to strengthen sanctions against Iran, which is a non-kinetic, a peaceful means of exerting pressure. President Trump tried all of that and the Israelis said, the Iranians are not budging again, you have to wonder at the Iranian's stupidity in their negotiating tactics with President Trump, truly stupid, president Trump gave them 100,000 opportunities here to take the off-ramp and the Ayatollahs said no.


And so President Trump unleashed a strategy, this good cop, bad cop strategy with the Israelis and he's saying he's still saying, listen, you guys wanna negotiate, let's do it. But the Iranians are gonna have to give up their nuclear program. That's all. That's the ask. The nuclear program goes away. But don't worry, Richard Blumenthal is not even close to the dumbest Democrat on the line here. Tim Walls a man who's almost vice president of the United States, this absolute bag of tools. He's not just, he's not just a tool, he's, he's the entire bag of tools. He was speaking at the Center for American Progress and he suggested that we need Chinese intervention to broker a peace deal here. Dude, I know you spent time in China in your youth, you can stop being a Manchurian agent at this point.


Like seriously, I wonder how good the money is for Tim Walls because I can think of no other explanation why you would imagine that the Chinese communist regimes regime, one of the most vicious regimes on planet earth and a geopolitical enemy of the United States ought to broke or peace in the Middle East. What a fool Tim Walls is Now, who is the voice in the world that can negotiate some type of agreement in this? Who holds the moral authority? Who holds the ability to do that? Because we are not seen as a neutral actor and we maybe never were. I don't want to tell anybody that. I think there's a lot of people that say, you always leaned one way in this. But I think there was at least an attempt to be somewhat of the arbitrator in this.


We saw President Carter do it with, with Be and Sadat. We've had certain wins along the way that we're, we're actually mutually beneficial both ways. Now I ask who that is and I mean consistently over and over again, we're gonna have to face the reality. It might be the Chinese. Unbelievable. What an Abso. Wow. Wow, wow. Again, that guy was almost vice president saying the Chinese should broker a piece in the Middle East. Okay, let's just be clear. There's only one president in my lifetime who has seriously broke her peace in the Middle East. His name is Donald J. Trump. It was Donald Trump. He brokered the Abraham Accords. And when this is all said and done, the Middle East will be transformed because of Donald Trump.


Because of Donald Trump, period, end of story. And Tim Walls this absolute just nothing burger of a human being calling in the Chinese for aid. At least we know where his heart is. Meanwhile, Ben Rhodes, a former senior advisor to Barack Obama. Ben Rhodes, whose literal name, I'm not even kidding you. His nickname in the White House under Barack Obama was Kamas. That was his literal nickname, and he was advising Barack Obama. He tweeted out War is Breaking Out because Trump pulled outta the Iran deal and got humiliated by Netanyahu while trying to negotiate his own. And he is gotta have a military parade for his birthday. The weakest strong man. What a fool he is. What a fool he is. War is breaking out because Barack Obama gave Iran a clear pathway to a nuclear bomb.


And President Trump has been trying to backfill that problem ever since. It was because of Ben Rhodes that this became an issue, Ben Rhodes. But don't worry, there's also help from the right side of the al people on the right who have now declared that they are the leaders of maga, not Donald Trump. Actually, it turns out that they, they are the great leaders of America first and mag up. So Tucker Carlson put out a statement on Friday in his newsletter letter in which he suggested that the United States was complicit not to, that Donald Trump was complicit in Israel's quote unquote act of war. The title of the newsletter was that this could be the final newsletter before All Out War, in which he suggested basically World War III was going to break out.


The newsletter says, while the American military may not have physically perpetrated the assault years of funding and sending weapons to Israel, which Donald Trump just bragged about on truth, social undeniably placed the US at the center of last night's event, Washington knew these attacks would happen. They aided Israel in carrying them out. Politicians purporting to be America first, can't now credibly turn around and say they had nothing to do with it. Our country is deep. So Donald Trump is purporting to be America first only Tucker Carlson, who tours Moscow supermarkets to talk about how good the bread is and how he wishes that our subway system ran just like Moscow's only Tucker Carlson, who does interviews with the leadership of Qatar and talks about how they are an amazing ally to the United States, while they simultaneously support Kamas only Tucker Carlson, who hosts people like Darrell Cooper, the greatest and most honest historian America, according to Tucker Carlson, who over the weekend suggested that America should launch missiles against Tel Aviv.


Only Tucker Carlson is truly America first. Not Donald Trump. Not Donald Trump who built the America First movement, who built maga. Only Tucker Carlson and his friends are truly Maga And America first, and then Tucker over the weekends doubled down on this. He said, the real divide isn't between people who support Israel and people who support around are the Palestinians. The real divide is between those who casually encourage violence and those who seek to prevent it between war mongers and peacemakers. Again, this is Tucker shtick, is that anyone who opposes him is a warmonger who wants more war. He just loves war. Loves, loves, okay, please, who are the people who love war? Just desperately want war? So he actually says, he says, who are the war mongers?


They would include anyone who's calling Donald Trump today to demand airstrikes and other direct US military involvement in war with Iran. On that list, Sean Hannity, mark Levin, Rupert Murdoch, Ike Perm Mutter, and Miriam Madson. At some point they'll all have to answer for this, but you should know their names now. So first of all, I'm not aware that any of those people are directly calling Donald Trump and saying that he must directly intervene in in this current conflict. Second of all, his suggestion that that you are a warmonger if you want the Iranian nuclear program to end, and I guess Donald Trump is a warmonger because Donald Trump wants the nuclear program to end. And you know who said that? Donald Trump, because you know who the actual leader of MAGA is? Donald Trump. He created maga. It is Donald Trump who created the America First movement.


It is not Tucker Carlson, and it is not Marjorie Taylor Greene, who similarly put out a tweet saying quote, everyone is finding out who are the real America first MAGA and who are fake and just said it because it was popular. So I guess that Donald Trump is not the real America first maga, only Marjorie Taylor Greene, an obscure congresswoman from Georgia until Donald Trump tapped her on the head, is the Real America first maga, which has anyone slobbering for the US to become fully involved in the Israel Iran War is not America first Maga. Who are the people who are slobbering for the US to become quote unquote, fully involved? Literally no one has called for a ground invasion of Iran. No one, no one has suggested that the United States ought to be fully involved in a gigantic takeover of Iran.


A regime rebuild. No one is calling for that. Even if you are calling for a single airstrike on Ford. Oh, you know what that looks a lot like? It looks like a single airstrike on Qem Soleimani, which President Trump did in 2020 and was ripped by people like Tucker Carlson who said that it was gonna turn into a regional war. Here's my big question for folks like Tucker, when he suggests that there are these people who are calling Donald Trump and demanding he two things, who does he think is the decision maker? The decision maker in the White House is Donald J. Trump. Donald Trump has taken the same position on the Iranian nuclear program since literally the first minute he came down the the golden escalator. He has not changed. Not one iota. Does Tucker really think that Donald Trump is so manipulable that he gets a call from Ike Perlmutter and suddenly he changes his entire perspective on the Middle East.


What a low opinion Tucker Carlson must have of Donald Trump's capacities that he thinks that he can manipulate him from the outside or that others are manipulating him in that particular way. By the way, president Trump fired back at all of this over the weekend. He did an interview with the Atlantic and he, and he was asked about whether the move runs Counter to America first. And Trump said, well, considering I'm the one that developed America first and considering that the term wasn't used until I came along, I think I'm the one that decides that yes, for those people who say they want peace, you can't have peace if Iran has a nuclear weapon. See, this is what not stupid people say, right? 'cause President Trump is a not stupid person, but the people who are attacking him today have predicted that Bricks, Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa in economic Union, they're going to get involved in this in some form or fashion.


That's what those people say. President Trump is not one of those people because he's not a stupid person. Quote. So for all of those wonderful people who don't want anything to do about Iran having a nuclear weapon, that's not peace. Correct. And nothing has changed. He's been saying that the entire time, the entire time he's been saying that the president of the United States. So again, all the isolationists who are horseshoeing around and having fun, happy times with all of their friends on the left, retweeting each other. You should just note who those people are and what they actually believe about the president of the United States, about America first, about maga, and they're complete acquiescence to the idea that a nuclear Iran seems to be fine for the world.


An asinine notion rejected by anyone with half a brain. Okay, joining us on the line to discuss all of this and more, Senator Tom Cotton from Arkansas is chairman of the Intelligence Services Committee and serves on the Armed Services Committee as well. Senator Cotton, thanks so much for taking the time again. Hello Ben. Good to be back with you. So obviously when last we talked, it was before Israel had launched its preemptive attack on Iran destroying an extraordinary number of Iranian assets. Most of its top military layer, pretty much all of its nuclear scientists. Israel has taken out a wide variety of its nuclear facilities. The big one that is left largely intact is Fordo, which is the one one that's buried some 90 meters underground in cement. They, they have also taken out a, a wide variety of ballistic missile launchers.


They said today that they'd destroyed about one third of, of Iran's entire ballistic missile launcher capacity. The, the media are covering this as though this is sort of a tit for tat. The reality is something very different, which that Israel appears to be absolutely destroying the Iranian military capacity while Iran has been in, in really almost terroristic fashion, just firing waves of ballistic missiles into civilian centers. What do you make of the state of the war right now? Well, Ben, I think you nailed it. I mean, on the one hand you have Iran, the world's worst state sponsor of terrorism, shooting missiles into residential neighborhoods, killing innocent women and children. On the other hand, you have a highly precise, very well-planned, extraordinarily well executed Israeli campaign against military targets and personnel in Iran.


As you say, this is all driven of course, by the threat of a nuclear Iran. What both Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Trump have always said, the world cannot tolerate Iran with nuclear weapons or a nuclear weapons program to include enrichment capability. There are a few key sites in Iran that have to be eliminated one way or the other, but also what Israel has to do to make sure that They can get to those sites both now and in the future, is destroy Iran's air defenses. It appears as of Monday they've done that, that they have established total air superiority over Iran for their aircraft and, and also destroy those ballistic missiles and launchers that can target Israelis. And, and you can see by the volume of ballistic missiles being fired day after day after day, they seem to be having great success there as well.


So as, as President Trump said, we back Israel to the hilt. We've helped protect Israelis, we've helped protect the 700,000 Americans inside of Israel, and we can only hope that Iran now understands that Israel And America means business Now. And President Trump has played this about as perfectly as you can play this meaning that Israel is taking out an enormous number of Iranian nuclear assets and Iranian military assets at, at very, at essentially zero material cost to the United States. The United States is helping shoot down missiles that are coming at Israel and, and has already obviously militarily funded the Israeli military. Israel, of course, spends billions of dollars on American military material every single year.


W with all of that said, right now Iran has been wildly degraded. The president is telling the Iranians, you need to come to the table and basically give up Fordo, give up your nuclear program, and then you get to live. But if not, you know, then the Israelis are gonna do what they have to do. Seems to the position of the administration at this point. Yeah, and I think that's right. President Trump has kept open the possibility of negotiations. He's urged the, I told us to come back to negotiate while they still have something to negotiate with. Again, the linchpin of this campaign I is the key nuclear sites, especially the enrichment sites. Israel is starting to hit some of those, whether or not they'll they have yet succeeded in eliminating any of them is to be determined.


But it, it would be an inconclusive outcome if, if Iran retains any ability to enrich uranium after this conflict ends. So those sites are gonna have to be closed one way or the other As the Senator Cotton, obviously the big question that's being asked by folks is what it will take to, for example, and fordo it. Presumably if the Iranians wanna come to the table, they are going to have to give up Fordo. They're gonna have to give up what's left of Naans. Naans appears to have been severely damaged. There's been a lot of talk about the possibility of the United States using one B two sort essentially to take out fordo. The President seems reluctant to do that unless it's, it's sort of kind of last ditch that meaning that all other options have been exhausted at at, at that point.


Where do you think the, the American decision making stands and where, where should it stand with regard to Florida? Well, the president has been very clear that he is keeping all options on the table. He is been clear about that since he came back to the White House in January. And that's, I I think he's still holding out the possibility to the AYA is that they could negotiate some kind of ceasefire that would probably include the closure of, of four D voluntarily. But as I said, Fordo along with the times, if it's not yet totally destroyed in certain parts of the Isfahan site are gonna have to be closed one way or the other. I think anything else would be an inconclusive outcome to this campaign. I think the president is just leaving the ball in the AYA court about how it's gonna be closed.


And, and I'd make one final point too about the, the early hours of this campaign when you had Maad agents inside of Iran that were assembling drones there to use against senior military and terrorist leaders inside of Iran and some of their missile sites as well. Once again, as with the beeper operation against Hezbollah last fall, it's clear that Israel had a few tricks up its sleeve and, and I don't think the Aya TOIs should wager that they don't have another card or two to play even when it comes to deep buried sites like four. Oh. So Senator Cotton one, one of the things that that has been kind of apparent and shocking is, is how many people on the sort of isolationist right, have been railing against the President's position on this, directly attacking the president on his position on this.


Their suggestion, of course, is that this was going to turn into a full scale regional conflagration in which all sorts of parties were going to be drawn in so far that appears not even to be remotely the case. Essentially the, it, it appears that the, the Ayatollah actually called up Vladimir Putin and asked him if there was a way out of this. And Vladimir Putin, after talking to President Trump, went back to the Ayatollah and said, no, you're gonna have to actually negotiate, or you're in serious trouble right here. There don't seem to be a lot of forces coming to Iran's defense here. Iran's support, the only sources that I see that are coming to any sort of material defense of Iran, really the Chinese flying in some resupplied parts, it appears for ballistic missile development from from the East. That that appears to be the only intelligence that I've seen suggesting any level of outside support for anything that Iran is doing. Otherwise, Iran is totally isolated and their skies are naked.


Yeah, Iran is totally exposed 'cause enemy or Israel expressed all their enemy air defense defenses on, on the domestic political front. You, you know, Ben, you would expect to see Democrats criticizing President Trump as they have. It's disappointing to see some self-appointed so-called MAGA influencers criticizing him, saying that he's violating his own America first foreign policy or he is betraying the MAGA movement. I mean, remember what President Trump said in the Atlantic interview over the weekend. He's the one that created the MAGA movement. He defined the America first foreign policy, so-called influencers who don't have a, any responsibility or accountability to the American people through their votes and our constitutional system.


Yet one authority over policy are trying to police the boundaries of the president's own movement and the president's own foreign policy. And as he said in that Atlantic interview, they say they want peace. You can't have peace with a nuclear Iran. You just can't have a peaceful world if Iran is enriching uranium and working on the weaponization of a warhead and preparing to get nuclear weapons. Again, we've seen over the weekend, they're willing without nuclear weapons, not just to terrorize America, but also to fire ballistic missiles into civilian neighborhoods. So I, I think the president has played this just right. He is supporting Israel all the way. He's warning Iran not to harm a single American, especially our troops in the Gulf.


And we'll see again what the atos are willing to do now that they understand that Israel And America mean business Between President Trump and the Prime Minister Netanyahu in, in Israel. Essentially, they ended not just Qem Soleimani, but also Qem Soleimani dream. So the President of course, authorized the killing of Qem Soleimani, who was the leader of the terrorist arm of the IRGC back in 2019. Soleimani had essentially said publicly that he had created an entire ring of fire around Israel that was gonna make it impossible for anyone to ever target the Iranian regime. He, he name checked Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis terrorist groups in Iraq, the Syrian regime, and pretty much all of those groups have now been de fenestrated and and left completely prone by the Israelis with American material support.


And that's thanks to President Trump, prime Minister Netanyahu. The world has changed and you know, the outcome of what is happening right now. If the president should have earned the Nobel Prize for the Abraham Accords, I don't think there's any doubt that given his support right now, and given the changing face of the Middle East and also what could come next after this, I think people are, are neglecting the fact that once, once there is some sort of either agreement caught with the Iranians to denuclearize or the Iranian regime is forced to denuclearize, it's gonna completely change the region. I mean, the Abraham Accords is just gonna be the beginning. Yeah, without question, man. And this, the striking and Qsm Soleimani is a good example of how you deliver peace through strength. Some of the same voices now who are saying that, oh, this conflict is gonna create World War iii, we're also predicting World War III back in 2020 when President Trump ordered the strike that killed Iran's terrorist Mastermind.


Yet we didn't have World War iii, we had an Iran that was chasing and pulled in its horns. Those voices right now are making preposterous claims, like somehow the the bricks countries, Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa are gonna rush into Iran's aid and we're gonna see World War iii. Does anyone really take seriously the idea that Brazil and India and South Africa is gonna come to Iran's aid? And as you said earlier, Russia has already refused to Ben, just like Russia refused to come to the aid of its longtime client Bachelor AAD last fall in Syria. They told him he was on his own and he was on his own on a flight to Russia just a few days later. So when push comes to shove, Once again, the strong horse in the world, especially in the Middle East, is the United States and Israel And Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas.


Senator, thanks so much for your time and your insight. Really appreciate it. Thank you, Ben. Meanwhile, the big story over the weekend was this horrifying shooting of a Minnesota state legislator as well as her husband by a man who then went on the run, his 57-year-old who has a bit of a checkered social media history and apparently had some sort of mental break. According to the Wall Street Journal, a man suspected of shooting two state democratic lawmakers was arrested late Sunday after authorities tracked him into an area with crops in woodland in rural Minnesota. The capture of the 57-year-old ended a two day man hunt that left the community on edge following the killings of state representative Melissa Hortman and her husband Mark Hortman and the shootings of Senator John Hoffman and his wife Yvette Hoffman, state prosecutors are charging the suspect with murder.


The democratic politicians were shot early Saturday morning in what Minnesota Governor Tim Walls called an act of targeted political violence. The shootings were the latest and a surge of violence against elected officials in the United States. That, of course, is horrifying and it is of course quite real. There has been a surge in political violence against high profile figures. Now of course, the media immediately jumped in to try and locate the, the sort of ideology of the shooter. And it turns out that this person had a, a sort of strange history for sure. According to the Wall Street Journal, he had built a scattered career that included food companies retailing and pastoring according to public records. And his online post, he'd been living with his wife in a rural area outside the Twin Cities, staying a few nights a week at a rental home in a working class Minneapolis neighborhood with a couple of roommates who's apparently working overnight shifts from an organization that handles I donations.


On Friday night, he park his prowler style vehicle from his security business at the house and went to his room according to Carlson, who is David Carlson, one of his roommates. Carlson knocked on the door, but the suspect said he was tired. So Carlson left him alone reasoning he was sometimes on call for the I donation firm and might have to be up in the middle of the night. And then he woke up on Saturday to have troubling text the shoot. The alleged shooter said he was going to be gone for a while and maybe dead shortly, according to local media reports, he thought he was gonna self-harm, but that's not actually what happened. Apparently this person voted for President Trump and was against abortion considering a murder. Apparently he sort of had quasi right-wing mainstream political opinions, although according to the Wall Street Journal, trying to identify his political leanings as challenging based on available public records, apparently there was a list in the suspect's vehicle, including other prominent public officials that included dozens of names of prominent Minnesotans who support abortion rights, including many Democratic lawmakers as well as abortion providers.


According to an official who had seen the document online, post paints a picture of the suspect as the vow Christian and pastor who preached at a church in the Congo. Apparently he quit most of his jobs before his last trip to Africa and was struggling to build back a solid income that appears that he was getting more and more erratic over time. Meanwhile, Senator Amy Klobuchar had just met with one of the lawmakers before the lawmaker was shot, and here she was paying tribute to the slain lawmakers. I just wish everyone in the world political world knew this woman. Like we know her in Minnesota, loved by Democrats and Republicans. Started out, we started out together in politics, moms with young kids, and somehow she was able to balance getting to know every door, knock every house in her district while raising two children.


Girl Scout leader. She was, she taught Sunday school. And when you think about political violence and the statistics of political violence, you've gotta realize the people who are behind it and a true public servant that we lost. And President Trump for his part immediately condemned the assassin. Of course. Absolutely terrible. Absolutely terrible. And they're looking for that particular man right now. Thank you. Okay. Now one thing that is worth noting here is the difference between the reaction of people on the right to what appears to be a purported right winger shooting a couple of democratic lawmakers and the response on the left to various attacks on Republican lawmakers and people who are associated with capitalism.


So Luigi Mangione, the suspected murderer of the United Healthcare, CEO, has fan clubs, late night comics praising him, talking about how wonderful he is, how he's really just the vanguard. When Senator Rand Paul was attacked by a crazed neighbor, there were people openly making jokes about that both online and in the media. In this particular case, you cannot find a single person anywhere who is saying that this is good or decent or part of a broader, well justified movement because it isn't, because it isn't. The idea that that increased tenor of political rhetoric leads people to bubble over. I've said for a while that obviously there's truth to that.


But one of the factors there is the reaction to horrifying events. The universal condemnation from the right of this shooter is demonstration that this is not the sort of activity that is well accepted on the right. You cannot say the same. I wish you could, honest to God, I wish you could say the same about the left, when they're busily praising people like Luigi Mangione. Joining us on the line to discuss how exactly the suspect is caught is Brandon Blackburn, former CIA counter-terrorism officer who spent his career conducting operations throughout the Middle East. Thanks so much for joining us. Good morning, Ben. Thank you for having me. So let's talk about the manhunt for the shooter of the suspected shooter of this Minnesota lawmaker. How did this unfold?


How did law, how did, how did law enforcement finally get this, this person? Well, it really came down to the old adage. See something, say something. So by all accounts, a citizen and a, you know, it was just going by her daily li about her daily life in a rural area, saw something unusual and a man crawling through a basically a, a farm farm setting out in the countryside. And she made the right phone call and made the right decision to report it. But it's pretty phenomenal if you consider Ben in this day and age, that this high profile of an event led to a nearly 48 hour manhunt for somebody who, for the last two days has become public enemy number one.


So, you know, what do we actually know about the shooter at this point? Obviously there, there's a lot of speculation about who he is, what his motivations were. You saw early reports that who's politically on the left and you saw later reports that who's politically on the right. It appears from the, the reporting so far that he appears to be somebody who suffered a psychological break is what it actually looks like. But what, what is your take on the suspect? And that's what it comes down to in all of these cases, Ben, it's really a, a mental health issue. And anybody who is wired to take their political beliefs to the extreme, really under the guise of stochastic terrorism, we need to, we need to address the root cause of this problem. And at the end of the day, we need to let the dust settle, let the, let the investigation unfold to really see who, what his motives and intentions are.


Like you said, in the last 48 hours, there have been a bevy of accusations about his political leanings, his, his moral beliefs and values that may have been the driver, but at the end of the day, this and others like him are mentally ill individuals. And if you peeled back the, the bone and flesh and looked at their mapping of, you know, of their anatomy and their brains and their wiring, they unfortunately have something inside them that allows them to take, to think it's okay to enact violence against someone with whom they do not agree. And that's the, that really is the root cause of all of these types of cases that we're seeing unfortunately.


So, you know, Brandon, one, one of the things that I think was so disturbing to people about this particular attack, aside from the obvious was, was the fact that the suspected shooter in this particular case, apparently posed as a police officer to gain access to the home of the, of the victim where she and her husband were, were then murdered. What should this teach law enforcement in the future about how to handle situations like this? If, if you are handling security for politicians, and right now it's a very fraught time in American life, we're seeing increased amounts of violence against prominent people, how would you be handling these sorts of questions? Well, I think you have the law enforcement component, but it's also, unfortunately the, the general public need to be aware and there needs to be a dialogue between the two sides respectively, about how we engage with law enforcement, what our expectations of them should be when announcing themselves and when approaching us, and vice versa, because everybody is on high alert right now and we need someone to step in, whether it's a group, an industry, somebody with a public profile to really tamp down the rhetoric.


Because if you look at the last few years, Ben, this tribalistic society in which we have found ourselves is just continuing to escalate and evolve into, again, what I call stochastic terrorism. We're seeing incendiary rhetoric, we're seeing implicit incitement by public figures, and that needs to be addressed as much as, you know, our, our men and women in uniform who are just trying to do their best for their communities. You know, Brandon, one of the things that I find really interesting about, about sort of the fallout from this then the aftermath of the murder of the United Healthcare CEO, there's a widespread public sentiment that it was justified that it was fine. People came to the defense of the suspect in the case.


He has a fan club, all of this sort of stuff. You didn't see anything remotely like that from the right, in this particular case. So the lawmaker who was killed as a Democrat, the, I can't name a single figure on the right either, you know, in politics or even online who is celebrating that, that does seem to be a bit of a difference. I agree with you a hundred percent. And I'll take it a step further, Ben. If the media gets a hold of any indication that this guy was in fact a Republican conservative, a Trump supporter, we are going to know more about his life in the next 24 to 48 hours than we do. For instance, about Elias Rodriguez, who three weeks ago pretty much did a very similar type of assassination and we know very little about him relative to what we already know about this, this shooter in Minnesota.


So the media has, has an incredible responsibility in these cases to, to treat them all the same because we are getting to the point where either all of it's acceptable or none of it is. And that's a very scary, you know, place to find ourselves as a society. Again, it's the implicit incitement by our public figures and the media that is really a root cause of much of what we're seeing Those. Brandon Blackburn, former undercover, CIA counter terrorism Officer, really appreciate your time and your insight. Thank you, Ben. Alrighty, folks, the show continues for our members right now of so much more to get to. President Trump had this big military parade on Saturday. Of course, Democrats were protesting on mass.


No kings, no kings. We'll get to that. Remember, in order to watch you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Running a business is hard work building Your website shouldn't be with Wix. You can express your ideas, give direction, then leave the heavy lifting to AI from site creation to branded content and images. Have fun with the details. Customize what you want the way you want, and manage your whole business from a centralized dashboard with expert AI tools, build scale and enjoy the incredible results.


You can do it all yourself on Wix.