
Well folks, we'll get into all the news in just one moment. In much news, there is first Matt Walsh. Is Phil, Am I Racist? It's the comedy that's now the biggest documentary of the decade. It's streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus, which is why you should subscribe. It's breaking records as our biggest day one release ever. More on that a little bit later. First, here's a bit of the trailer in case you missed it. What do you feel in your body when you hear the term white people? Ah, make those? I feel like a cringe about it. Cring is a good word. White straight, cisgender man is the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. It's me. Can I just propose a toast? Raise a glass if you're racists a racist. That was really weird. Don't deny that you're racist. Try not to be racist, but don't, but also don't realize that you, until we're willing to talk about these things, healing can't really begin. My daughter's four years old, she's still watching Disney movies and choosing a white princess. Have you talked to her about that all the time? Is racism inherent to whiteness? Yes. Yep. Yeah, probably. Well, yeah. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Did race exist as a reality before we made race Exist? Does that Make sense? It does make sense. What do you mean? All you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Am I Racist now? Streaming only on DailyWire plus rated PG 13.


Alrighty onto the news. So yesterday I was sitting around wondering what exactly is the October surprise for the Democrats for the media going to be? I mean, we're one week out from an election and they ain't got much. We'll get to their attacks on Tony Hinchcliffe and supposed jokes about Puerto Ricans that are too terrible for anyone to even be near and and all of this sort of stuff. But is that really all they got in their bag? And then yesterday afternoon, I received a text. I received a text from a reporter at the New York Times and that text read Thusly. Good Day. Mr. Shapiro. I hope you're well. I'm Nico Grant, a reporter at the New York Times. I wanted to give you an opportunity to comment for an upcoming article that takes a look at how political commentators have discussed the upcoming election on YouTube.


We rely on an analysis conducted by researchers at Media Matters for America. Could you kindly provide us with a comment or decline to comment by the end of day tomorrow, Tuesday, October 29th? Thank you so much for your time. Here are the points. We plan to include Media matters. Identified 286 YouTube videos between May and August that contained election misinformation, including narratives that have been debunked or are not supported with credible evidence. Researchers identified videos posted by you in those four months that contain election misinformation. We feature a clip of you saying Your party rigged many of the voting rules in advance of the election in order to ensure an extraordinary number of mail-in ballots ballot harvesting. I also have a few questions. One, are you a member of the YouTube partner program?


Two. If so, how frequently does YouTube demonetize your videos? Three. Has YouTube sent you messages, emails, or notices in the last year that your content contains misinformation? Thanks for your time. So here is what's going on here. This is not just a text. This is the October surprise. Here's what the New York Times was planning, pretty obviously and clearly working with Media Matters for America, which is a far left radical organization that was started by David Brock in an overt attempt to destroy all conservative media. That is why Media Matters was launched. It was launched in order to AstroTurf boycotts on conservative media. And anyone who would advertise with conservative media Media matters became incredibly famous by essentially launching secondary boycotts on people like Rush Limbaugh.


They've tried it with us as well. They've tried it with our hosts. This is what they do. The New York Times is overtly clearly admitting to using media matters research in order to pressure YouTube to demonetize people on the right to destroy them. Because when you are demonetized, that also limits your reach to destroy their dissemination of information one week prior to an election. That's what's going on here. It turns out the October surprise from our media is an overt attempt along with media matters. Again, both of these parties are democratic Appic Media matters in the New York Times in order to silence dissent one week out from an election. That is what this is about. That's what the text is about. That's the entire game. You run an article on the front page of the New York Times saying YouTube is subsidizing election misinformation, and that pressures YouTube, which by the way, is Google, which is the number one donor to the Democratic Party, the number one donor to the Democratic Party.


You push them to censor any and all hosts any and all information that disagrees with the left. Because here's the thing, they just reach out to me as we now know, they reach out to pretty much everybody on the right. Other hosts from the DailyWire, people like Tucker Carlson. They reached out to everyone on the right. Why? Because their goal is to shut the spigot off. So you can't get any information on places like YouTube. 26% of Americans get their news from YouTube according to Pew. Now that number theoretically is even higher because those are people who are getting most of their news from YouTube. But there are people who are engaging with news on YouTube without even knowing it because that's where political ads run.


It's where you watch a nonpolitical video and then you are pushed to a political video and you watch it for five minutes before you tune out to the next DIY trick on how to fix up your home or something shutting off the spigot on news information one week in advance of an election. That is the New York Times trick. And obviously it's not about election misinformation. It's not about shutting down quote unquote bad information as everybody knows. How do I know that? Because they reached out to me about election misinformation to me of all people. If you listen to the show, you know that I've been perfectly consistent since November of 2020 that I believe that Joe Biden won the 2020 election. I thought that Donald Trump had every right to legally challenge that election, but I did not see the actual evidence that the allegations he was making about the election itself and fraud in the election was sufficient to overcome the state certification of the ballot.


So of all the people to come to about election misinformation coming to me is just proof. It's just absolute proof. This has nothing to do with election misinformation. It has to do instead with silencing anybody on the right. That is the goal. And this is always the goal for the left. It's always the goal for the New York Times. Think about how crazy this is. You have the New York Times, which is supposed to be the tip of the spear in terms of freedom of the press and free speech, which is overtly clearly attempting to pressure the biggest video platform on planet Earth to shut off other press outlets. That's crazy. They say it's a challenge to the press if Donald Trump calls them fake news. Imagine if we here at the DailyWire called for the New York Times to be completely demonetized and shut down on social media because of misinformation.


Would that not be a challenge to free speech principles? It's unbelievable, truthfully. And what's hilarious is that even the quote they sent me, which was supposed to be election misinformation, right? The quote where I said, apparently your party rigged many of the voting rules in advance of the election in order to ensure an extraordinary number of mail-in ballots Ballot harvesting. Well, I mean, if they're mad about that, they might wanna talk to the New York Times. Here is 5 38 writing just a couple of years ago, quote, one of the most striking aspects of the 2020 election was the unprecedented use of mail-In voting, nearly half of all voters cast a ballot by mail in 2020, a record share. According to the latest survey of the Performance of American elections, a post-election poll of tens of thousands of registered voters run by MIT.


Much of this was driven by Covid to 19 states, changed voting rules and requirements to make it easier to vote by mail. And voters hoping to avoid crowded polling places in the middle of a pandemic took advantage. Wait, that sounds like rigging the voting rules in order to, you know, increase mail-in balloting. Maybe they ought to fact check the New York Times. The New York Times ought to fact check the New York Times for election misinformation. Maybe they ought to fact check CBS news about ballot harvesting quotes. The Nevada assembly passed legislation that would allow the state to mail a ballot to every registered voter, and the bill allows for third parties to collect ballots. Fearon argues that the threat to postal service funding and the warning of mail delays makes ballot assistance even more important. But critics argue it opens the door to abuse and interference.


The Nevada law does not limit how many ballots a person can collect. The Trump reelection campaign filed a lawsuit against the measure in Nevada and in other states. Wait, that sounds like rigging the rules so as to increase ballot harvesting. Maybe they should fact check for election information CBS news. But it's not about that. By, by the way, even if you disagree with me, even if you think that the, the election was rigged and Trump won, that's still protected by the First Amendment, obviously. But this is amazing. So in 2020, the late breaking media interference came in the form of shutting down the Hunter Biden laptop story. The New York Post had the Hunter Biden laptop story, and the social media bros were pressured into taking down that story by both the press and by members of the federal intelligence agencies.


And so they, they shut it down, they throttled it, they prevented dissemination of the story on places like Facebook and on Twitter, because this is before Elon owned Twitter, obviously. Well, now they're doing something even more overt. They are overtly attempting to just shut down all conservative dissemination of information on the biggest video platform in existence one week in advance of an election. If that's not an attempt to rig an election, I don't know what is. I mean, if you rig the entire informational environment around an election, that obviously has a rather large impact on the election. We're told by these people that the Russians manipulated America into voting for Donald Trump in 2016. But here they are the same people openly saying that they want YouTube to demonetize and thus throttle all conservative content on YouTube one week in advance of an election.


Because that's what this is about. That's what this is about. I mean, we know what the New York Times is doing. Literally this week, the Sunday opinion section had an entire page in bold, probably 30 point fond saying, quote, Donald Trump says he will prosecute his enemies. Order mass deportations, use soldiers against citizens, abandon allies, play politics with disasters. Believe him, we know their agenda, their agenda is perfectly clear. And that agenda is to get Kamala Harris elected at any cost, including the cost of the First Amendment. I wonder why there's a trust problem in media. I wonder why there's such a trust problem in media. Speaking of trust problems in media, CNN, another major left-wing outlet that tries to pretend that it's objective.


There's sort an amazing exchange on CN yesterday. So Medi Hassan, who has long been a Qatari funded anti-Israel, anti-Semitic operative Medi Hassan, he, he was on CNN after losing his job over at M-S-N-B-C. And he got into an argument with Ryan Dusky, who is one of the only conservative commentators on the network. Hassan proceeds to call Dusky and every Republican a Nazi, and KY responds in kind by making a joke about Medic Hassan being a member of Hezbollah. And everything breaks down. If you don't wanna be called Nazis, stop doing, you called you Don called Anite more than else's table and people with No by me.


I never called you an SS semi. I okay. I mean, I'm not saying here saying I don't, I'm, I'm a support of the Palestinians. I'm used to it, Ryan. Well, I'm hope your beeper doesn't go off. Okay. And Medi Hassan is shocked. How, how dare you, how dare you suggest that I'm a member of a terrorist? How dare you? Okay, number one, that's a joke. Whereas is what Medi Hassan is saying about Ryan Grotowski is not a joke. He calls him a Nazi. Ryan Kowski responds with a little quip about him being a member of Hezbollah. Well, maybe the reason that mistake might be made is because Medi Hassan has overtly supported every single opponent of the state of Israel in the history of the state of Israel. He pretends that he's anti groups like Hamas, but then spends all day, every day talking about the Predations of Israel and why what Israel's doing in the Gaza Strip.


It's a genocide and all this kind of stuff that's medical sounds bad. My friend Douglas Murray has had debates with him about this sort of stuff, obviously, so have others. What if the wisdom to save our world has been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson brings together nine of the world's deepest thinkers, each with conflicting faith backgrounds. In an effort to unlock the mysteries is still captivate humanity from skeptics to believers, scholars to seekers, each brings their unique voice to this contentious conversation about meaning, truth, and the chaos, threatening to consume our world. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters.


Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we get a question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts. And when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently. Experience the Gospels a DailyWire Plus exclusive series available Now, It's the reaction of CNN that's telling here. So CNN immediately issues a statement and says that Dusky is now banned from CNN, not Hassan, not many Hassan who calls ever Republican a Nazi. If you are at MSG, if you're at Madison Square Garden with Donald Trump, you're a Nazi. Understand you're a Nazi, that means we can say whatever we want about you. But if you respond in kind, I'm making a joke about your beeper going off.


If you happen to be, you know, fairly warm toward every group that wants to destroy Israel, then CNN will ban you. Quote, there is zero room for racism or bigotry at CNN on our air, unless you're calling Trump supporters. Nazis, of course, we aim to foster thoughtful conversations and debate, including between people who profoundly disagree with each other in order to explore important issues and promote mutual understanding. But we will not allow guests to be demeaned or for the line of civility to be crossed. Ryan Esky will not be welcome back at our network. Well, I mean, clearly you will allow guests to be demeaned or for the line of civil to be, to be crossed. You, you dedicated your network to having me Hassan, a man who has been caught on tape suggesting that homosexuals ought to be stoned and that non-Muslims are like cattle.


You have that person on the air calling Americans, Nazis, including Ryan Gki. Dusky responds with a quip, KY is banned. And here's Abby Philip just be decking herself in s sat cloth and ashes and groveling before the woke left wing mission because no one must ever offend the the cherished, the cherished intersectionality of people like Medi Hassan. Wow. A a, a former Al Jazeera quote unquote reporter. Hey, I'm sure everyone has seen what happened on the show tonight. I just wanted to address one quick thing. As you may have seen, Ryan was asked to leave the show and we have put out a statement saying that he's not welcome back on our air.


There is a line here on this program and it was crossed. But I wanna be clear as well that we did not ask Medi to not come back. In fact, we really wanted him to come back and finish the show. We had a lot to talk to him about and we really hope that he'll join us again soon. But for those of you who are wondering why he did not come back, I just wanna be super clear that that was not in any way because we didn't want him back at all. And I won't speak for him, but I just wanted to make sure that you all knew that that was not what happened there. The the radical anti-Semitic propaganda.


That guy needs to be back. The one who calls half Americans Nazis. He needs to be back on CNN. The person who made a joke about that guy, that guy, never again. Never again. And this is the game in the quote unquote objective media. They're just left wing, agile prop, that's all. They're leftwing prop and they're left wing prop that do not really truly allow serious assenting points of view. And if you make a move toward allowing a dissenting point of view or opening a space for a conversation, a real conversation, the world comes down on your head at these places. Jeff Bezos is finding that out the hard way as the owner of the Washington Post. So you'll recall that earlier last week, the Washington Post announced they would not in fact put forth an endorsement of Kamala Harris.


Now's pro forma. Everyone knows that the staff of the Washington Post editorial board loves Kamala Harris carries around a drool cup for Kamala Harris spends their evenings exploring Kamala Harris's colon with their heads. Everyone knows this, okay? The Washington Post hasn't exactly been shy about their support of Kamala Harris. Their in-house conservative columnist is Jennifer Rubin. Okay? So like everyone knows where they stand, Jeff Bezos. However, he said, we're not gonna put forth an endorsement 'cause guess what? We're a newspaper, which means we do news on paper. And that means that probably we should stick to, you know, covering the news. So he actually was forced to put out a statement personally, it's called the hard truth. Americans don't trust the news media, and I gotta say props to Jeff Bezos.


And it's worth reading what he writes because at least Jeff Bezos gets it, he gets it. He understands the vast trust gap that has been established because of places like the New York Times seeking to shut down dissent or CNN, which suggests again, Medi Hassan can call half of American Nazis. But if Ryan Ky makes a joke about beepers, bam, get outta here, Ryan. Here is Jeff Bezos quote, in the annual public surveys about trust and rep and reputation, journalists and the media have regularly fallen near the very bottom, often just above Congress. But in this year's Gallup poll, we have managed to fall below Congress. Our profession is now the least trusted of all. Something we are doing is clearly not working. Lemme give an analogy. Voting machines must meet two requirements.


They must count the vote accurately and people must believe they count the vote accurately. The second requirement is distinct from and just as important as the first. Likewise with news newspapers, we must be accurate and we must be believed to be accurate. It's a bitter pill to swallow, but we are failing on the second requirement. I'll say they're failing also on the first requirement that half of their reporting is trash. But at least Bezos gets the second part right, because most people believe the media is biased. Anyone who doesn't see this is paying scans attention to reality. And those who fight reality, lose reality is an undefeated champion. It would be easy to blame others for our long and continuing falling credibility and therefore decline in impact. But a victim mentality will not help. Complaining is not a strategy. We must work harder to control what we can control to increase our credibility.


Presidential endorsements do nothing to tip the scales on an election. No undecided voters in Pennsylvania are going to say, I'm going with newspaper a's endorsement none. What presidential endorsements actually do is create a perception of bias, a perception of non independence. Ending them is a principle decision and it's the right one. Eugene Meyer, publisher of the Washington Post from 1933 to 1946 thought the same and he was right by itself. Declining to endorse presidential candidates is not enough to move us very far up the trust scale, but it's a meaningful step in the right direction. I wish we had made the change earlier than we did in a moment further from the election and the emotions around it. That was an adequate planning and not some intentional strategy. Okay? Now he has been accused of basically bending over backwards because he's afraid that Donald Trump is going to come into office and then regulate Blue Origin.


And he says that's not true. He says, I would like to be clear, no quid pro quo of any kind is at work here. Neither campaign nor can that it was consulted or informed at any level or in any way about this decision. It was made entirely internally. When it comes to the appearance of conflict, I'm not an ideal owner of the Post. Every day somewhere, some Amazon executive or Blue Origin executive or someone from other philanthropies and companies I own or invest in is meeting with government officials. I once wrote that the post is a unifier for me. It is, but it turns out I'm also a complexifies for the post. This says, lack of credibility isn't unique to the Post. Our brethren, newspapers have the same issue. And it's not a problem only for media, but for the nation. Many people are turning to off-the-cuff podcast, inaccurate social media posts and other unverified news sources which can quickly spread misinformation and deep in divisions.


The Washington Post and New York Times win prizes, but increasingly we talk only to a certain elite. Now again, the part that Bezos is not getting to here is that it is not just a matter of the editorial pages, it is also a matter of the reporting. And I present to you as Exhibit A, the fact that the New York Times sent one of its top reporters to me with propaganda from media matters in hand, in an attempt to cudgel YouTube into shutting down shows like this one. So it ain't just about the perception of bias. The perception of bias is not just about the editorial board, it's about the entire newspaper. And that perception is accurate. These newspapers are in fact, biased in their content. That perception is not coming from nowhere. But at least Bezos is admitting it. Okay? But here is the problem.


He then gets clubbed over the head, just absolutely clubbed. Two more. Members of the editorial board at the Washington Post have now resigned after the paper announced it was not endorsing a candidate for President. Molly Roberts is one of those members of the editorial board. She said, let's say that an editorial board has had for decades, a long practice of not endorsing candidates for president. This would be election to reverse that position and take a stand that the Washington Post editorial Board has been forced to do. The opposite, dishonors our values and robs us of our purpose. To be very clear, the decision not to endorse the selection was not the editorial boards. It was, you can read the reporting Jeff Bezos's, by registering my descent, I don't intend to impugn the conduct of my colleagues, all of whom were put in nearly impossible positions.


And then she goes on to talk about how terrible it is and how Donald Trump is not yet a dictator, but he's becoming closer to a dictator. Democracy dies in darkness. And of course, the Washington Post has apparently lost a couple hundred thousand subscribers, which is about 8% of the subscriber base of the entire newspaper. Now why is that? The answer is because the Washington Post has become a left-wing fan club. That is the reason they bleed subscribers when they say they're not going to endorse Kamala Harris. That's why, because there were no people in the middle or on the right subscribing to the Washington Post. It has become the Washington Compost. It is a compost heap. It is trash. It's reporting on everything from domestic politics to foreign policy is a disaster area.


Propagandistic ownership by the left. But when Bezos attempts to fix any of it, rebellion occurs. And this is the nature of our media environment.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle-free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


So if that's the way the media environment is, if these are all left-wing outlets masquerading is objective news outlets, now you understand why the New York Times is doing what it's doing. Why MBC will attempt to pressure again, YouTube places like it into cutting off podcasts like mine or like Joe Rogan's or anybody else's. The goal is to shut off the competition. Because if you can't beat the competition, you have to destroy the competition. That's what's going on. That's the October. And that is a long standing mission. That is a long standing mission of all of these left wing pseudo journalistic outfits. And it is quite terrible. Well, all of this reeks of alarm, right? If, if all these places thought that Kamala Harris was winning handily, none of this would be happening.


I mean, sure there would still be soft pushes. You'd still have the New York Times unleashing back in the old days, Kevin Rus to tweet about how Facebook was being too nice to the DailyWire. Sure that would still be happening. But if they thought that Kamala Harris was winning, they'd be a lot more sanguine about things. They'd be a lot more content with the direction of American politics. They are not. They are freaking out. They are freaking out. You can see the freak out happening in real time. So for example, Whoopi Goldberg over at The View, who is sort of the ID of the Democratic Party, right? If the super ego of the Democratic Party is somebody like Pete Buttigieg, then Whoopi Goldberg is the ID just raging, raging all the time, full-time rage from Whoopi Goldberg.


So here she is, she, she says, you can't vote for Donald Trump 'cause he's going to break up interracial marriages, which is weird 'cause no, like, not even remotely close, but okay, okay, Whoopi, go for it. He is not gonna be, he's not going to, you know, say, oh, you are with a white guy. I'm gonna keep you from being deported. No, he is gonna deport you and put the white guy with someone else. The man is out there. So her, her idea is that if Donald Trump wants to end illegal immigration and deport many illegal immigrants, that's so he can marry a white person to another white person. She's psychotic. She has had a psychotic break folks, and she's on mainstream television every single day.


So is Mika Brozinsky. So Mika Brozinsky showed up for the line of the last couple days. They're gonna try this turn into a week long scandal. Okay? The week long scandal is, are you ready for this? That Donald Trump's Madison Square Garden rally was a Nazi rally. It was Nazis in Madison Square Garden. I'm sure there were a lot of Jews, a lot of black people, a lot of Latinos. Turns out pretty diverse outta Nazis over there at Madison Square Garden. But this was actually just a bunch of diverse Nazis according to Mika Brozinsky and Company. And this is the line that is now going to be tried out. Their closing argument is Donald Trump had Tony Hinchcliffe on the stage, and Tony Hinchcliffe is a roast comedian. It's what he does. He does inappropriate humor.


If you watch the Tom Brady roast, that's precisely what Tony Hinchcliffe does. And Tony Hinchcliffe, as you know, did a joke and he did a, he did a bad joke. His bad joke was about Puerto Ricans. And then he told a bad joke about black people and then he told a bad joke about Jews, which is literally what he does for a living. Now you can argue with the logic of the Trump fans campaign, having Tony Hinchcliffe on stage to do this. I for example, don't think that it is a particularly wise idea to have roast comedians on stage in the final week of an election as you are attempting to broaden your appeal. But what's done is done a roast comedian who is so widely accepted that he has made significantly worse strokes than this on Comedy Central now being ripped up and down for making the exact same kind of jokes at a Trump Vance rally.


I don't buy it, but here was Tony Hinchcliffe. This is the, this is, these are the jokes that have set off a thousand think pieces. It is absolutely wild times. It really, really is. And you know, there's a lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. Yeah, I think it's called Puerto Rico. Okay, alright. Okay, we're getting there. Okay, so the crowd, you can hear the crowd's a little nervous. The crowd doesn't love it too much. Okay? But this is literally what he does for a living. And by the way, this is what all comedians do for a living.


George Lopez over the weekend did, it's Tim Walz event, and he made a very similar joke about Mexicans. But of course, because this is a Harris Walls event, nobody cares. Here is George Lopez, who apparently has stolen Albert Einstein's hair or something and he, he's going off on Mexicans. Donald Trump said he was gonna build a wall, and George Lopez said, you better build it in one day because if you leave that material out there overnight, So Mexican steel thinks a perfectly appropriate joke at a Harris Walls rally. But Tony Hinchcliffe says something mean about Puerto Ricans and, and it's the end of the world.


Now, again, I don't have to like the joke, but can we acknowledge that Tony Hinchcliffe is a comedian? By the way, full credit to John Stewart for actually acknowledging the obvious, I mean, a sentence I've never said before. Full credit to John Stewart here. He was actually defending Tony Hinchcliffe. Now obviously in retrospect, having a roast comedian come to a political rally a week before election day and roasting a key voting demographic, probably not the best decision by the campaign politically. But to be fair, the guy's really just doing what he does. I mean, here he is at the Tom Brady roast a few months ago, The great Jeff Ross, ladies and gentlemen, Jeff is so Jewish, he only watches football for the coin toss.


Gronk, you look like the Nazi that kept burning himself on the ovens. Kevin is so small that when his ancestors picked cotton, they called it deadlifting. Yes, yes, of course. Terrible boo. Yes. There's something wrong with me. I find that guy very funny. So I'm sorry, I don't know what to tell you. Okay, so again, everyone who does comedy knows what comedy looks like. And again, whether you have 'em at a rally or not, that's your decision. But pretending that this is like some deliberate slur by the Trump campaign against Puerto Ricans or Jews or black people, you gotta be kidding.


But again, it plays right into the narrative that the Democratic left is attempting at this point. The desperation narrative. Trump is Hitler, and everyone who supports him is a Nazi. Which again, very peculiar for people like me. I feel like I have a pretty solid dog in the N being a Nazi fight. I'm not big on the Nazis. Turns out they killed like a large chunk of my extended family. Thank God my great grandparents had come here in the early part of the 20th century. But pretty much all the cousins got slaughtered in Europe by the Nazis. And it turns out I'm not a big fan of Nazis in the United States either. The neo-Nazis really don't like me very much. I'm also not a fan of the neo-Nazis in the Middle East who also hate me and people who share my religion and wish to kill all of them. So in the anti-Nazi fight, I feel like I'm like really high on the list of people who hate Nazis.


Like really, really hate Nazis. So it's weird for me to hear that. Not only am I a Nazi, Donald Trump is a Nazi. We were both at the res ol three weeks ago in New York on October 7th, meeting a hostage family. So I'm gonna go big no on that one. But this is their closing pitch. Their closing pitch is said Donald Trump. He's not just a Nazi. If you support him, if you vote for him, you too a Nazi. Yeah Nazi. Anytime I can bring out the German accent, it's happening. So here's Mika Brzezinski talking about how this was a Nazi party rally. We were talking earlier about yesterday's Trump rally from hell yeah, at Madison Square Garden.


So what did you make of it? Well, I think it was everything that you need to know about Donald Trump in one weird white nationalist's, Nazi type rally. And of course there's historic parallels to where and when this happened. Just dsy Nazis just likes. And Byron Donalds, a black man defending Israel as Israeli flags hung from the rafters in Madison Square Garden and it and it all Nazis. This is, this is their closing pitch guys. They're not desperate at all. But here is Joe Biden trashing Trump's quote unquote embarrassing New York City rally mean, dude, if we're gonna talk embarrassing, you should probably stop crapping your pants Before you start talking, Mr.


President, can you come here and comment on former President Trump's rally yesterday? He were saying a bunch of stuff about immigrants embarrassed, Just simply embarrassing. It's beneath any president. But that's what we're getting used to. That's why the selection's so important. You know, most of presidential scholars I've spoken to talk about the single most consequential thing about a president's character, character. And there's, he puts that in question every time he opens. I wanna hear more about character from this man, from Joe r Biden. Wanna wanna hear about character from the guy who sends his drug eed son across the globe to pick up sacks of cash on behalf of the family?


Yes. Tell me more, Joe, about character. Maybe we can hear more about character from Kamala Harris who got her start beneath Willie Brown. Like really, I want, I wanna hear more about character, by the way, again, you open the door to character conversations your fault, the way that it works in court. Typically, you're not allowed to bring evidence of character if you are trying somebody. But if the defense brings character evidence, then the prosecution is then allowed to respond with character evidence about the, about the alleged perpetrator. So you guys opened that door. I hadn't opened the door. You did. You wanna talk about it? We can do it all day long. Well, when they're not calling everybody a Nazi, they're just saying that Donald Trump is of course a hit Larry. End dictator. Nicole Wallace has lost her minds. So Nicole Wallace over at M-S-N-B-C, she is like, if, if Donald Trump is elected, if he's elected, he's going to come to your house in a scream mask and murder your family.


I'm not exaggerating. If Donald Trump is elected, he's gonna come in a hockey mask on Halloween to your house with the chainsaw and he's gonna go hog wild. Here's Nicole Wallace. Hi again. Everybody don't sleep on the men. They heard from Michelle Obama this weekend. It's five o'clock in New York. In 2016, she told us to go high. When they go low in 2020, she effectively appealed to our better angels. And just a few months ago she told the probe democracy Americans among us to quote, do something now with just over one week until election day, former First Lady Michelle Obama isn't messing around anymore because with women's reproductive healthcare and freedoms hanging in the balance next Tuesday, the stakes literally are life and death for every woman in America.


It's not hyperbole, it's not an exaggeration, it's what happens next week. The stakes are life and death. Do you understand women? Do you understand? According to Nicole, Nicole Wallace, ladies, you will die if Donald Trump is elected. That's correct. You will die. You, yes, you, you're you're not having an abortion. It doesn't matter. You will still die. You live in California, which means that your abortion is perfectly legal. You will still die if Donald Trump I I is elected. In fact, in fact, as it turns out, we're all going to die someday. Like, what the hell is wrong with these people? Seriously, this is your closing pitch. All women will die if Donald Trump is elected. No one believes that. In the end, all this is driven by a simple fact.


It's driven by one simple fact on policy. Donald Trump is better than his opposition. I did a debate with Sam Harris, who obviously disagrees with me on this election. Sam and I have have had conversations in the past on everything ranging from sort of atheism to politics. We had this conversation, Barry Weiss moderated it over at the Free press. You should go check it out. It's really worth the watch, I think. And the, the biggest takeaway for me from that conversation is that if you're on the left, if you're a Kamala Harris supporter, the thing you cannot talk about, that you must not talk about under any circumstances is actual policy. You cannot talk about what Donald Trump did as President of the United States. You can't, and you can't talk about what she did as vice President of the United States.


Because if you talk about policy, they lose. And so it has to be a conversation about how there is a dispositive barrier to entry for voting Trump because of January 6th or whatever. Or about how Kamala Harris has made lots of promises, ignore what she did in the past or about ignore Donald Trump's first term. Because now there are no guardrails. And because all of his old first term staff is gone, which is not true, many of them are gonna come back. They can't talk policy. And here is Jennifer Rubin just saying the quiet part out loud. Stop talking about his policy, says Jennifer Rubin. Remember, this is the in-house conservative commentator over at the Washington Post. What we have here is not an ordinary election, but a test of democracy.


We do not have two ordinary candidates. We have one candidate who has rejected democracy, rejected pluralism, rejected the rule of law, and to continue to cover him as if there were no difference between the candidate. Aside from policies, does I think a great disservice to the American electorate Stop talking about policy. That's the dirty secret. That's the dirty secret. We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9, Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Also, your reminder, Matt Walsh is Am I Racist? Yes. The comedy that's now the biggest documentary of the decade is streaming exclusively over at DailyWire Plus. Now, if you haven't watched Mi racist on DailyWire Plus yet because you think you've already seen everything in theaters, think again. DailyWire plus members are getting never before seen footage. A very special deleted scene from Matt. An exclusive behind the scenes breakdown where Matt reveals exactly how he pulled off the ultimate troll against the left armed with nothing but a man bun. Get ready to see how this record-breaking comedy came together. Watch Matt walk through his step-by-step blueprint for taking on the culture war. If you're not a member yet, now would be the moment. Head on over to mi racist.com. Use code DEI for 35% off your DailyWire Plus membership. By the way, I should mention at this point you should also subscribe because we need your help. As you know, the New York Times is attempting to shut down dissemination of all conservative information. They're attempting to cudgel all social media into shutting down our ability to disseminate information. The best platform to get this show and others like it is actually at our platform over at DailyWire Plus. Just another reason for you subscribe. We have tons of goodies for you, tons of stuff you're not getting. If you're just checking us out on the free platforms, head on over to DailyWire dot com right now, get your DailyWire Plus membership and use code DEI to get 35% off today.


Meanwhile, the one thing thing that you should not talk about if you're a Democrat is you know the Democratic candidates for President and vice President. 'cause if you talk about them, it turns out people don't like them 'cause they suck. You really don't wanna do it. So why don't we begin with Tim Walz because we now have a revelation about Tim Walz. Well, it turns out we know why Vice presidential candidate Tim Walz was visiting China so often when he was a youngster. And it was apparently for the nookie, apparently, according to the Daily Mail, Jenna Wang, the daughter of Bin Hui, who had been an important communist party official and served as chairman of a labor union, told the Daily Mail, the two of them carried out a secret relationship where they were not allowed to touch or kiss in public. Wang added that although she wanted to marry him and start a family, the relationship eventually took a turn for the worst.


After he allegedly accused her of being more interested in wanting a US passport than having a marriage. How dare he treat a potential immigrant to the United States this way? How dare he? Vicious brutal xenophobia. She explained to the daily male that walls had lied about Tiananmen Square and other things. Noting a man like this does not appear to have the character and integrity to do one of the most important jobs. Frank, I'm to shock. He's straight. Wong said quote, we were deeply in love and I wanted to marry him and start a family when it didn't happen. I felt very unhappy and sad. Tim's behavior was very selfish. So we now know why he was going back and forth to China so much. It was to sleep with the communist party's official's daughter and eventually their daughter would meet a man named Eric Swalwell.


Hmm. Well meanwhile, I know, I know. Meanwhile, Tim Walz, you know what's, what's hilarious about Tim Walz is he's a person who says that he's a gun expert who apparently doesn't know how to load a shotgun. And also he's an assistant volunteer high school football who doesn't know about football. So in the last day, he just keeps tweeting stuff that makes no sense if you know, like the baseline minimum about football. So he tweeted out, oh God, they're such a funny ticket. Tim Walz tweeted out about a OC quote. A OC can run a mean pick six. And I can call an audible on a play. And we both know that if you take the time to drop a playbook, you're gonna use it.


Okay? So you can't run a pick six. A pick six is where you throw an interception and the person who intercepts the ball takes it the other way for a touchdown. That's what a pick six is. So if you plan a pick six, that means you're working for the other team, which come to think of it, Tim Walz maybe. And then he deleted that one, right? Because it makes no sense because you can't, you know, plan a pick six. Or if you do, it makes no sense football wise to plan a pick six unless you want your team to lose. Which honestly, maybe that's why you picked Tim Walz as your VP candidate. But then he follows that one up with this, this is great quote, it's a tide game. Two minutes on the clock, we've got the ball and we're driving downfield. Even if we move one inch at a time, one phone call at a time, one door knock at a time, we will win this.


Nope. Just gonna describe to you the conditions on the field. Ladies and gentlemen, the Chicago bears have the ball. It is first and 10, they have two minutes on the clock. They must drive down the field. It's a scrum up there. Oh, they hand it off to the running back. He has moved one inch. It is now first and 10 up. They hand it to the quarterback and this time he takes it, he sneaks it, he gets one inch. It is now first, it is now third and 10. Oh, they, they're handing it, oh Lily that they're giving it to the fullback. He's running it up the middle again. He went one inch. It is now fourth and 10 and that's the end of it. That's not how football works.


You dummy like first. Again, football isn't even my favorite sport. It's like my third favorite sport. I know enough to know that this is idiotic. This is idiotic. But that's because Tim Walz is an idiot. I'm sorry. He's an idiot. And so is the person who's at the top of the ticket. So yesterday, Kamala Harris is just in real time morphing into Selena Meyer from Veep just morphing into it. Every clip of her is the thing that you knew was going to emerge like a chrysalis, like a butterfly from the chrysalis. The full Kamala Harris is now emerging and it is hilarious. So you knew it had to happen right when they relaunched Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris 4.0. 'cause 1.0 is when she was in the Senate and she was a radical left winger.


And 2.0 is when she ran for president and she was a radical left winger. And 3.0 is when they made her vice president and they said that she was gonna be awesome. And then she sucked at the job. And 4.0 is this campaign. So Kamala Harris 4.0, they, they were trying to make it brat and cool and awesome and she still charismatic and she, she's full of joy and woo. Well, it turns out she is radically awful at this. So bad, so bad. So these are just some clips from yesterday. These are just some clips from yesterday of, of Kamala Harris. My favorite. I'm gonna start with my favorite because I, I can't help myself. This is so great. So they're all chanting her name and she proceeds to go full Selena Meyer or full Michael Scott on this thing here.


Here we go. Okay, now I want each of you to tell your own name. Do that, Eh? Oh my God. And everybody goes silent. Everyone's like, what? Why? Why would I shout my own name? That doesn't even make any sense. And then she's like, she was a full kaa crazy laugh. It's, it's so great. It's so great. You want this for four years? Do you, this is your thing, is your bag. You want this? You want it? Okay. How about that time that she asked to touch semiconductors? Yeah, this is a thing that happened yesterday as well. Just going place to place being weird. 'cause she a weird lady here. She was being a weirdo Here is actually a harvested U rod where we actually do grow it.


So this is what it looks like when it comes out. Our process of that do not touch, do not touch. And I Not touch, touch. Very sharp. She says they're very shiny, the semiconductor's very shiny. She's like an idiot child. She's like a child. That's what that, honest to God, my 4-year-old wouldn't even say that. Like my, my son who's one and a half and is barely learning to talk might say that. But I think he's smarter than she is at this point. Like, this is, wow, can I touch it? Is it made of semiconductor? Ooh, look, it's so shiny. Ooh, I love shiny, think shiny things is good. Ooh, don't worry.


She's, she's so smart. She's so smart guys. She's brilliant. We know she's brilliant. 'cause everybody keeps saying she's brilliant. I've seen no evidence. She's brilliant, but they keep saying it. So it's probably true. So she was also asked yesterday what she would do as president. A, a fairly good question. Seems like an obvious question. What would you do as pre, she's asked this by Shannon Char, who was interviewing her in his spare time when he wasn't, you know, banging people live on a stream. But in any case, Shannon Char, ask Kamala Harris what she's gonna do as president. She has no answer. She has no idea. That seems like the baseline question, right? Like if there's two big questions that you're gonna be asked Kamala Harris on the campaign trail, question number one is gonna be, whatcha gonna do as president? And number two is gonna be, how's it different than Joe Biden?


And she has the answers to neither of them, but she does like shiny things. She does like shiny things, shiny objects. Woo, here we go. Our brilliant charismatic magnetic vice president. So what I'm talking about doing right now is based on longstanding work. It's not new, but as president of the United States, part of why it is important is it is a new approach to that job. It is about a new way that is based on a new generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and frankly a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being The levels of visceral rage.


I feel when someone says absolutely nothing with perfect 100% sneering confidence. That is who she is. She's, she's awful. She's so awful. She says nothing. She just rambles and babbles about nothing for like a full 45 seconds right there. But she says so with like the hand motion and she's lecturing you about things, then you should know they're perfectly, you know? But when we do the work that's filled with work and then the work that we do is important work because work is in fact important based on the work and complex complexity of others in the context of what we believe. You don't know what you're talking about. You have no reason to be running.


No one knows what you're talking about. No one, no one. The entire campaign for Kamala Harris is, I'm not Donald Trump. I get it, I get that. That's the campaign I'm just pointing out. She ain't nothing. She ain't got nothing. Her campaign has nothing. This, it's an empty campaign. It's a campaign about nothing. It's the Seinfeld of campaigns. Joining us online is Ryan Urky. He of course is a political strategist, writer and commentator known for his working conservative media and now he's been banned from CNN Ryan, thanks for joining the program. Really appreciate It. Thanks for having me. What a, what a a title. Yeah, no, I mean, congratulations. Congratulations. I mean, I think it, it takes a certain kind of man to be banned from CNN, namely a man with testosterone. But in any case, you, you, you are also the founder of course, of the 1776 Project pack, which is doing an amazing job on school boards across the country.


So why don't you take us through the saga of being on CNN debating an entire panel, which you do pretty much every night, or did until very recently. And you are faced with Medi Hassan, who is a Qatari propagandist who has spent basically his entire career doing terror polism and, and that's when things get spicy. Yeah. So I got on the show and the producers had texted me right beforehand switching up all the segments, which like it's not uncommon they were gonna do. And there was now gonna be two segments on the Trump rally instead of segments on war. And like another major issue, we're gonna do two segments on Trump rally. So I was going in there and very annoyed the fact that I was having to talk about a joke from a comedian who I honestly, no offense him, but I didn't know who he was 48 hours ago or 72 hours ago.


So I was irritated about that. We get into the green room and then, but oh, then this is it. They changed one, they added one a segment. It was when a call about the Jeff Bezos op-ed about accuracy and trust in the media featuring special guests, Brian Stelter. And I was literally rolling my ass later outta their my head and I was like, this is a joke. This man lied so routinely. He had Stormy Daniels lawyer on everything about Russiagate. This is a huge hack in the media. So I made that decision that night that I was gonna tell him he needed to apologize for all the lies that he said. And I was like, this is my last, not CNN, they're never gonna have me back. I'm gonna call him out on the network.


Anyway, then they had on Medi and I began to set, and Ashley Allison, who sat next to me, the woman sitting next to me, we start watching all the clips and but the to kill Tony Clips. And she started making comments about like, oh, this is white man humor, which once again, very irritated. Had I said it like in a race reversals, I wouldn't even have made it on the show. But you know, I understand that the hypocrisy and the double standards, we do the segment and I said that people in the media said that every Republican who attended that rally were fascists and Nazis. Which Abby said that's not true. And I was like, that is 100% true. So now this is like the third strike in the row.


I don't like, I'm very annoyed that my mom with Brian later about accuracy in the media, a Ashley's comments. And then Abby calling me saying I wasn't accurate, saying I knew I was accurate about, so then Medi like basically says there and refers to me as I'm not, basically he refers to me and my other conservative co panels as Nazis on air. I have never crossed paths with this man before. I've never tweeted him before. I've never talked with him before. I've never watched him on TV before, truthfully. So then I was like a little stunned and I said, and he goes, oh, Trump is quoting Bels. I go, you, you are saying that you who are regularly called an antisemite. And he goes, yeah, by you me, I've never called you an antisemite before.


I don't know who you are. What are you talking about? And then I sat, then he goes, he goes, yeah, for standing for Palestine in I the moment, in the moment I thought he said Hamas, but you know, interchangeable. I sat there and said, I thought he said Hamas. And I go, well I hope your beeper doesn't go off. It was a joke. It was honestly a joke. It, Ashley went crazy. They went crazy. Abby kept telling me, please stop talking. So that way like we can get control over the segment. I felt bad for Abby 'cause it's her Java host to sit there and have some decorum. So I apologize to like get control of the segment. Segment ends. We Go to commercial break and medi storms off the air. We're all silent and he storms off the air and he was like, I'm not gonna be on with him.


And Abby goes, is he leaving? And then a Ashley, Allison was like, I think he should leave pointing at me. And Abby was like, you know, we really can't do this on the network. I said, I get it perfectly nice to me. I said to the producer afterwards, I didn't mean to get you in any trouble if I did and then I left. Like, it's nothing. I don't, so I'm not gonna be on CNN anymore. Like my life will go on. But it was the double standard in the hypocrisy where he said over and over and over and then to issue a statement as if he didn't just call two guests Nazis on air and then accuse the other one who has never met him of calling him an em, which I have never done. Not that he isn't one, but I've never done it. So that is, I mean he is One.


So if you had, you would've been perfectly justified in doing so. But you know, I'll say it, he is and he's a terror apologist and he is always been a terror apologist. And my friend Douglas Murray has debated him multiple times on this particular issue. So not only would you have been right on the merits to say that you didn't actually say that, and then you made a throwaway joke after he called. Not just people on the air Nazis and not just the attendees at Madison Square Garden, but by extension all Trump supporters, which would be, you know, at least 48% of the population Nazis. That is perfectly acceptable on CNN if you make a joke about him. However, because he's part of the sort of intersectional structure that that CNN is attempting to build, then you have violated the rules and you must confess Very much so. And it is, it is just a double standard.


And I knew like this was my last night anyway 'cause I was gonna sit there and go after Brian Stelter for all of his negative comments, but I was like, you know what? It is what it is. It's, it's stupid cable news stuff and it's just the outrage machine in the moment and it'll pass. And that'll be that. Like this is what it is. And I have no apologies to it. I was on there four times on that show and I talked about the Ferguson effect. I talked about, you know, minorities leaving the Democratic party. I spoke about mass immigration and how it will change our policy with Israel. Talk about real, real things. And it is very rare on cable news, on almost any program that you get the moments that they're, and do something and take the chance. 'cause everyone's so hungry to stay on the network that they'll say anything to just promote it.


So I didn't do that. Very proud of myself, thought the joke was funny, whatever. It's all, you know, it's, it's fine. Well, Ryan, honestly, I think that you did a service because, you know, exposing c nnn for what it is, is actually I think the best thing that you could have done. You know, it was great to have you on the network and, and giving a conservative opinion once in a while, you know, just to mix things up like a little bit of pepper in the stew of, of trash that that CNN usually represents. But I think that you've actually done an enormous service to the world by demonstrating the insane double standard that CNN holds while they proclaim that they are an objective news organization. Again, their guests and hosts can routinely call half of American Nazis. But if you say about a person who has taken Qatari money in the past, worked for Al Jazeera and is effectively an apologist for terrorism, constantly excusing, making justifications for terrorism.


If you make a joke about that guy, you're gone. So, you know, frankly, anything that exposes CN I'm four. So Good. I'm glad, you know, I'm kind of glad. Well, I appreciate your support and everyone's support and you know, whatever my main fights over school boards and the 1776 project pack. So that's really what I'm focused on. And I was, it's not like they were gonna gimme a show on cnn. It's not like they were gonna sit there and say, oh, he's the man of the hour. It was an hour for me to sit there and get screamed at and try to pepper in some truth in the middle of it. And I had some fun while it lasted, but it's, you know, all I shined bright and I burned out, so that's fine. Well, like, like a, like a beautiful comet in the sky. Ryan Gursky's time over on, on cnn.


Go check out his, his actual day job, the 1776 project pack at 1776 project pack.com. Right. And really appreciate the time and congrats on having some free time. Thank you. Alrighty, guys, coming up, we'll be jumping into the, you know, the actual issues in the campaign that Kamala Harris doesn't want us to talk about. If you're not a member, become member, use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.