
Well, there is no question about it in the polls. Kamala Harris now has momentum. She has momentum that's being media generated. It is being generated by the celebrity class. No serious questions have been asked of Kamala Harris. We're gonna bring you the latest on that. Plus an unbelievable, shocking Mossad operation in Tehran that just took out one of the leaders of Hamas, right after taking out a leader of Hezbollah in Beirut. Pretty amazing stuff.


First, it's a Daily Wire Plus member. You get Uncensored unfiltered ad free show is the latest breaking news and more Join the fight right now. Daily Wire dot com slash subscriber. You're not gonna wanna miss a minute of this election cycle.


Okay, so here is where the race currently stands. So it's shifting pretty much every day. We should recognize that this is Kamala Harris's moment, and this happens in politics a lot. Somebody has sort of a hot moment and in that hot moment they are the next thing. They're God's gift to politics. In fact, this has happened to Kamala Harris before, if you remember all the way back to 2019 when she was running for presidents of the United States in the Democratic primaries, she did a debate. And in that debate she suggested that Joe Biden was a racist. And she suggested that if it had not been for the rejection of Joe Biden's positions, then she would've been forced to go to a segregated school or something like that. And then she ended up reneging on all those positions. As it turns out, she very frequently does. But in that hot moment, in that hot moment, Kamala Harris zoomed to the top of the Democratic polls.


She was, she was the front runner and suddenly it seemed as though the race was changed. And then she came back to Earth because it turns out that political campaigns relatively lengthy a week is an incredibly long time in modern American politics. Remember about three weeks ago, there had been no assassination attempt on Donald Trump. Joe Biden was still the democratic nominee for President Donald Trump had not selected a vice presidential candidate. Kamala Harris had not emerged from anywhere. That was three weeks ago. So it's been like a week, a week and a half since Kamala Harris Harris emerged as the new star in the Democratic firmament. And we got the entire media flip, the rebrand of Kamala Harris, the 1020 seventh.


Look at Kamala Harris. And I understand that it's all head spinning. It, it's very difficult to watch. I mean, it is a full scale. Gaslighting we went in the last three months from Joe Biden is totally, well, how dare you mention he's senile. How dare you from the media to, oh my God, Joe Biden is totally senile. That guy's a selfish old man. He needs to get outta the race. Two Joe Biden is like amazing, like George Washington willing to give up power for the sake of the country. Two Kamala Harris. I don't know, maybe Joe Biden shouldn't step down because maybe if he steps down, they get Kamala Harris. Maybe there should be an open convention to Kamala Harris is the greatest candidate in the history of American politics. That all happened in like the last two months. So remember, work a week deep into Kamala Harris's candidacy.


With that said, she does have some immediate balance and momentum out the gate, which you would also expect given the fact that when you're replaced an actual houseplant, the president of the United States with a not houseplant, a living human, you're bound to get some sort of bump. And when that person is intersectional boy, that democratic elites are gonna be so excited about that. So there's a new set of swing state polls out from Bloomberg Morning consult. I'm gonna take this poll with a grain of salt. I'll explain why in a moment. According to this poll in the swing states, Harris is now slightly ahead of Donald Trump. 48 to 47, they're tied in Georgia, she's ahead in Nevada by two, she's ahead in Arizona by two, she's ahead in Michigan. By 11.


Donald Trump is only winning North Carolina by two. She's winning Wisconsin by two and Donald Trump is winning Pennsylvania by four. Now, if those results actually held, and let's say that Donald Trump won Georgia, then Donald Trump, presumably if he lost, Arizona, would still lose the election if those results were to hold. Now here is the big grain of salt. How do you have a swing state poll in which Donald Trump is winning Pennsylvania by four, but losing Michigan by 11, like a 15 point gap between Michigan and Pennsylvania? I find this one a little hard to believe. And morning consult polls are either genius or they're total crap. Those are the only two plausible explanations here. With that said, the levels of enthusiasm for Kamala Harris among Democrats are obviously jumping.


That is not a shock because again, when you replace a dead person with a live person, that makes a little bit of a difference. According to a new AP NRC people poll, about eight in 10 Democrats are now satisfied with Kamala Harris. That was like four in 10 Democrats who were satisfied when it was Joe Biden. So all the Democrats are coming home, which basically means that we are at where we were before. The first debate between Joe Biden and Donald Trump. That effectively ended both Joe Biden's candidacy and his presidency. Because let's be real about this, that dude is no longer president. He's no longer sentient. He's completely irrelevant to the public, to the public square. The the only reason he is sticking around is as a sop to him as like elder statesman. And we're now finding out that when they do the Democratic National Convention in a couple of weeks, that it's the first night is gonna be all about the magic of Joe Biden.


He's gonna give the opening speech, it's gonna be about the incredible performance of the Joe Biden administration. And then it will turn into the celebrity star-studded celebration of Kamala Harris. With that said, where does the race currently stand? According to Nate Silver, who again, I think is the best poll analyst in the country, he says that right now Kamala Harris has a better than average chance of winning the popular vote, but a worse than average chance of winning the electoral college. According to his model. Right now, Harris has about a 54% shot at winning the popular vote. 'cause she's gonna drive up the vote in big cities, particularly in blue areas. She's gonna win about 47.7% of the vote. Trump would win about 47.1. But in the electoral college, Trump currently has about a 60 40 advantage over Kamala Harris, according to Nate Silver.


So this is very much a, a competitive race. Harris does have some momentum, although again, there's a new Harvard Harris poll that came out yesterday showing Trump up four against Kamala Harris. So the polls are a little bit all over the place, still very volatile. And Kamala Harris has not been asked a single question, a lot of enthusiasm for Kamala, which is incredibly stupid because she's terrible.


But you know what's not stupid? Getting life insurance. Getting life insurance will give you peace of mind, knowing if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. Policygenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With Policygenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are 100% online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policygenius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers and find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job. Policygenius works for you, not the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. Save time, save money. Provide your family with a financial safety net using Policygenius. Head over to Policygenius dot com slash SHAPIRO. Get your free life insurance quote. see how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash SHAPIRO. Again, Policygenius dot com slash SHAPIRO. Just smart move to have life insurance. Policygenius can help you do it the right way. Policygenius dot com slash SHAPIRO.


So right now she's just doing big glitzy glamorous kind of events and she's bringing out her celebrity friends. And it's the first week guys. I mean, it's week one. Everybody's treating this as though we're six months into the campaign cycle for Kamala. We're not for Kamala. This is literally week one. And so she's bringing out the big guns. She had a big rally in Atlanta last night and she brought forth Megan Thee stallion, our great wordsmith, Megan Thee stallion, who went on stage and and RA and presumably did her usual routine of twerking and possibly being shot in the foot. And, and she introduced what she called hotties for Harris, which I guess is different than white dudes for Kamala or white women for Kamala.


Now it's now it's hotties for Harris. Don't, don't worry folks. It's, it's the Republicans who are weird here. Here we go. Harris, I'm so happy to be here. Atlanta, we're about to make history with the first female president, the first black female president. Let's get this done. Hottie Hattie's for Harris. Hi Hattie's for Harris. Okay. And there she is in the, the bear midriff and, and all the rest.


Are we allowed to mention that Kamala Harris is only the candidate because she's a black woman? I mean that's effectively what Meghan thee stallion just said. That's the reason to vote for Kamala Harris 'cause it's sure as hell ain't her record. Kamala Harris then did the awkward anti routine with Megan Thee stallion on her social media. It's always a little awkward, a little weird here it was. What's up? This your girl Megan Thee stallion, a K hot girl coach reporting love with the future president of the United States. Everybody. What do you have to say to the American people? We are not going back. If you find this sort of thing attractive, then I, you know, I present with the possibility of eight years, eight long years of this civilian Kamala goes out there and again, arena full of screaming people, very enthusiastic, obviously Democrats fueling the momentum and, and she says she wants to debate Trump.


She wants Donald Trump. Now listen, the last time a Democrat tried this, it was Joe Biden and he dared Donald Trump to debate him. And then he proceeded to physically die on the stage. So she might wanna be careful what she asks for. Here Democrats are playing this game where they're suggesting that Trump is running away from debate because he's not going to accept the same conditions of debate that he had with Joe Biden as he would with Kamala Harris because they're different candidates. But here was Kamala Harris trying to play this game. Well, Donald, She's so smart, man. Smile. I do hope you'll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage.


'cause As the saying goes, if you've got something to say, Get ready for that laugh, gang gonna be a lot of that going on. One of the things that I've noticed about the Kamala Harris rallies, they're very scripted. I mean very, very scripted. Not just in terms of her speech, but in terms of the crowd reaction. I dunno whether the crowd is being prompted or whether she's just using so many old bumper stickers that they know how to respond. But it's basically a call and response sermon that Kamala Harris is now doing on the campaign trail.


She, she also decided to try out the Hillary Clinton urban accent. And Barack Obama used to do this too. And when he was speaking to white audiences, he would have Jesus, at the end of his words, Hillary Clinton would do this as well. It was really awkward with Hillary. 'cause of course she's white. Kamala Harris in Atlanta decided that it was time to start dropping a a different, let's put it a, a different style of speaking than she uses when she's speaking with white audiences. I And you all helped us win in 2020 and we gonna do it again in 2024. We go and do it again in 2024. Okay? I I, I find this, if people find this genuine and authentic, I'm just wondering why that lady grew up, the daughter of two Berkeley professors and then she moved to Canada for high school, right?


Alright, sure. She's authentically, she's she, she's authentically saying this sort of stuff, right? She's down here in the streets, as she said in another video. But listen, all of her mannerisms are secondary to a simple question. And this is my question for the media. The media we understand, we get, we get your priority list. Your priority list is self-preservation, one and two, preservation of the democratic agenda. And so that explains your behavior. Over the past few weeks, self-preservation required that you go hard against Joe Biden because the minute that Joe Biden humiliated you on stage and made you feel exposed because you'd been complicit In his senility, and then he exposed his senility for everyone. So either you were complicit or you had to act super duper outraged, too outraged, then you had to get rid of him.


And now you are once again basking in the warm glow of friendship and comradery with the new Democratic candidate Kamala Harris. I understand where you're com At some point you might wanna stop talking about how Ka, how Kamala Harris is. She's so brat, she's so brat. You might wanna stop talking about weird, weird and brat. And you might wanna start asking a question about like, what is she gonna do when she's president? Now we have some indicators of what she would do as president of the United States. These indicators come from the time that she ran for president of the United States. That was five minutes ago. I understand we're supposed to play this game where she can magically take the et etra sketch, shake it up and have brand new positions. But that seems kind of bull bleepy.


That seems like a bunch of bull crap. So here are just some questions. Why has she reversed every single major position that she has held over the course of the last five years in the last week? And why aren't you asking her any questions about that folks? Kamala Harris has switched every position she ever had.


But here's one thing, you don't wanna switch positions on your, your mattress. You wanna actually just lie down and go to sleep and then just stay in the same position, the home light and wake up refresh. That's why I appreciate my Helix mattress. Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise to offer a truly elevated sleep experience. That Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you really don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz that matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. 'cause why would you buy a mattress made for someone else? I took that helix quiz. I was matched with a firm but breathable mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We are big Helix fans at the SHAPIRO House. Helix has a 10 year warranty. You can try it out for a hundred nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it, but you're gonna love it. Helix is financing options and flexible payment plans Make it to a great night's sleep is never far away for a limited time Helix is offering up to 30% OFF all mattress orders and two free pillows For our listeners, just head on over to helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ ben's their best offer yet it's not gonna last long with Helix. Better sleep starts right now. Again, that's helix sleep.com/ben helix sleep.com/ben to get started to get the best deal of the year at, at, at some point she should have to explain the flip, like what was her change of mind, what was the change of heart that made her flip on every position?


So for just a moment, I wanna go through what her actual positions were five years ago. And we're not talking about 20 years ago. By the way, the way that this works in the media is that JD Vance said something on Tucker Carlson in 2021 and he will be stapled, glued, super glued to that position for the rest of his life. Donald Trump will be super glued to project 25, 20 25, a thing he never even read and has nothing to do with. But Kamala Harris is not even responsible for her own positions five years ago. That is the way that the media are treating this thing. So flashback 2019, here's Kamala Harris saying that there need to be slavery reparations. Is she gonna be asked about this at any point? I feel like the media should ask her, like maybe it's their job and let's be real.


If I were able to ask her, I would, the chances that she's gonna grant me an interview are zero. But she might give an interview to, you know, a, a journalism or a professional journalism. Here, here is Kamala Harris, circa 29. Again, we're not talking about 2005. This is 2019. It's not that long ago here she was. Should black people get reparations? I think there has to be some form of reparations and we can discuss what that is. Some form of reparation. Well, maybe we should discuss what that is. What does she think the reparations are for, for black people? How would she carry those out? Will any questions be asked about this? Or are they too busy pointing out that she's hanging out with Bigfoot over there?


Meanwhile, 2019, she wanted less funding for the cops. It is wrongheaded thinking to think that the only way you're gonna get communities to be safe is to put more police officers on the street. Chicago gang members now outnumber the city's police officers by 10 to one. We Have a shrinking workforce. I have a definitive amount of resources, 200 and some officers less this year than what I had last Year. About 115 officers either resign or retire since July of last year. Here in Austin, police vacancies are nearing two hundred and nine one one. Response calls are taking nearly three minutes longer. We're looking at the morts catastrophic staffing levels we've ever seen before.


We're looking at budget cuts to defund us like we've never seen before. Crime urging in Democrat led cities that slashed police funding last year. And that was five years ago when she was saying that we don't need more funding for for the cops. It was 20 18, 6 years ago when she compared ice to the K, KK here. She was doing that. Are you aware of the perception of many about how the, the the power and the discretion at ICE is being used to enforce the laws? And do you see any parallels? I do not see any parallels between, I'm talking about Perception officers and agents. I'm talking about perception.


I I do not see a parallel between what is constitutionally mandated as it as it relates to enforcing the law. Are you aware that there's a perception? I see. No. Are you aware that there's a perception That puts ice in the same category as the KKK? Again, it's 2018, she looks the same 'cause she is the same. It is incredible to me. The, the ads that she's putting out right now are about how she was a tough on crime prosecutor in San Francisco as da. She left that job in the two thousands and she was a senator five minutes ago and she was a presidential candidate five minutes ago. And the media are allowing her to run as a tough on crime prosecutor who apparently went straight from being San Francisco DA to a presidential candidate with nothing in between.


It's unbelievable Here. Is that supposedly tough on crime prosecutor in 2019 raising her hand when asked whether illegal immigration should be treated as a noncrime? She's saying yes, it should be treated as a noncrime to illegally immigrate. We had a very spirited debate on this stage last night on the topic of decriminalization of the border. If you'd be so kind, raise your hand if you think it should be a civil offense rather than a crime to cross a border without documentation. Can we keep the hands up so we could see them? Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris raising their hands. There not a crime to cross the border without documentation.


It's just 2019 when she suggested that private health insurance needed to be banned. And this is not that long ago. And here's the thing, once you're president, you can do whatever you want, you can. So all of her fake moderate positions, they're gonna just go away the minute that they are no longer useful to her in getting elected. Here she was in 2019 suggesting that private health insurance might need to be done away with in order to achieve single-payer healthcare. So Just to follow up, Just to follow up on that, and correct me if I'm wrong, to reiterate, you support the Medicare for All bill, I think initially Co co-sponsored by Senator Bernie Sanders. You're also a co-sponsor on, on it. I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance. So for people out there who like their insurance, what they don't get to keep it.


Well listen, the idea is that everyone gets access to medical care and you don't have to go through the process of going through an insurance company, having them give you approval, going through the paperwork. All of the delay that may require who of us has, has not had that situation where you gotta wait for approval and the doctor says, well, I don't know if your your insurance company is gonna cover this. Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. Let's move on. Just move on. Wave of a hand. Just move on with the entire private health insurance business, which turn America into a Canadians style socialized healthcare system. Just move on. You may also remember back in 2019 if you have a memory good enough, Kamala Harris suggesting that it was deeply important that Californians who are on like death row, but who are trans, had plastic surgery funded by taxpayers.


That's correct. If you are a man and you murdered or raped somebody, but you now feel like a lady and you wanna have the ding-dong cut loose, Kamala Harris wants everybody else to pay for it. That is circa 2019. They were standing in the way of, of, of surgery for prisoners. For prisoners. And there was a specific case. And when I learned about the case, I worked behind the scenes to not only make sure that that transgender woman got the services she was deserving. So it wasn't only about that case. I made sure that they changed the policy in the state of California so that every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access to the medical care that they desired and need.


Understand, you should pay for some pervert criminal to have a boob job or to have an ectomy that, that that's you don't worry she'll make a great moderate president. She's not crazy at all. How about 2019 when she said she was gonna ban fracking entirely. Ban fracking, which she's gonna be great for winning Pennsylvania. There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah, and, and, and starting No question none and Starting with what we can do on day one around public lands, right? And, and then there has to on day one. But yes, and this is something I've taken on in California. I have a history of working on this issue. And to your point, you know that we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact of fracking is enormous in terms of the impact on the health and safety of communities.


And how about 2019 when she said she wanted to ban plastic straws and people are treating this as periodic. She's the one who said it. I didn't say she wanted to ban plastic straws. She said she wanted to ban plastic straws, which by the way, I mean it's not like top of my voter issue list, but paper straws are the worst thing ever created by mankind. So Kamala wants to ban plastic straws. She wants to seize guns. Like all, all these things she wants to do makes you a little nauseous. Well, I have a solution for you.


Whether you're a frequent flyer or somebody embarking on their first flight, the effects of motion sickness can catch you off guard and ruin your travel plans, especially when you could have been prepared with my friends over at Reliefband. Reliefband is a one of a kind wearable device that both prevents and treats nausea using patented technology. It's not every day that you're on an airplane and you get sick. Reliefband treats more than that. For example, a sick kid in the backseat. My kids get this all the time. Parents suffering from motion sickness at the amusement park, chemotherapy patients and more. It's better to have a Reliefband and not need it than need it and not have it. I can attest to this from cleaning up vomit from the car. That's actually been a thing that's happened. But not since Reliefband join the hundreds of thousands of customers who have experienced life changing relief with Reliefband. Right now I've got an exclusive limited time offer just for my listeners. Visit Reliefband dot com. Use promo code SHAPIRO, you'll receive 25% off plus free shipping. That's R-E-L-I-E-F-B-A-N d.com. Use promo code SHAPIRO, that's Reliefband dot com promo code SHAPIRO. And again, when you use promo code SHAPIRO, you'll receive 25% off plus free shipping.


Here's Kamala Harris saying we need to ban plastic straws in favor of those crappy things that you get at Starbucks that immediately collapse. The minute that you, you you attempt to drink from them. Do you ban plastic straws? I think we should. Yes. I mean, look, I'm gonna be honest. It's really difficult to drink out of a paper straw when you had, if you're just like, if you don't gulp it down immediately it starts to bend. So she acknowledges she still, she still wants to get rid of the plastic straws because she's a totalitarian. That's what she is. And it turns out that it's not just what she was during the campaign, it's also what she was when she was vp.


She bragged in 2021 about being the last person in the room making decisions with Joe Biden on Afghanistan. Afghanistan is the single worst foreign policy failure of the United States in my lifetime because I'm not old enough for Vietnam. And here is Kamala Harris bragging in 2021 about how she was the last person in the room with Joe Biden making those decisions. Which means it's on her, it's on her. Those dead service people on her, the tens of thousands of people who are allied with the United States left behind to be slaughtered by the Taliban on her. All those women who have now been forced back into burkas and into basements on her. She's the one who said it. I didn't say it, she said it when she's gonna be asked a question about this. When President Biden always said that he wants you to be the last person in the room, particularly for big decisions, just as he was for President Obama.


He just made a really big decision. Afghanistan. Yes. Were you the last person in the room? Yes. And you feel comfortable? I do. Why? Why is she not being asked about that? Why? Hey, how about in 2021 when she was put in charge of the border? Yes she was. Joe Biden said. So you said he was gonna send her to the northern triangle to try and stymie the illegal immigration happening across the border. And then she was asked by Lester Holt famously about whether she'd ever been to the border. And she gave this bizarre answer. Do you have any plans to visit the border At? At some point, you know, at we are going to the border. We've been to the border.


So this whole, this whole, this whole thing about the border, we've been to the border. We've been to the border. You haven't been to the border. I and I haven't been to Europe. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You'll also remember that back in 2021, Joe Biden, he put her in charge of a few things and she failed so badly at them. He decided to never put her in charge of anything ever again. In 2021, Joe Biden In his address to a joint session of Congress, suggested that he was going to put Kamala Harris in charge of achieving high-speed internet for the American people. Here is what he said, quote, in the process, it'll create thousands and thousands of good paying jobs. It creates jobs connecting every American with high speed internet, including 35% of the rural America that still doesn't have it.


And I'm asking the vice president to lead this effort if she would, because I know it will get done. So question. She was put in charge of the high-speed internet dissemination. Was she not by the president? Did it get done? No, absolutely not. It did not. It turns out that in 2024, according to Breitbart, the Biden Harris administration has made zero progress getting Americans connected to high-speed Internet. FCC Commission chairman Brendan Carr noted in June that Biden and Harris did not connect one American to high-speed internet. One, they had access to $42.5 billion in funding from the infrastructure bill. And zero Americans got connected to the internet. So she did an amazing stellar job there.


Obviously she put her in charge of the country. She's so good at connecting Americans to the internet that it took her $43 billion to connect zero people to the internet. Or it could have just gotten startling for everyone. That's the other thing you could have done. How about in 2023 when she was out there bragging about her electric school buses, how awesome the electric school buses are right here she was in 2023. You know what also excites me? What I'm I among the many things I'm excited about electric school buses. I love electric school buses. I just love them for so many reasons. Maybe because I went to school on a school bus. Raise your hand if you went to school on a school bus right Now.


Again, that was right after Joe Biden put her in charge of the government's billion dollar investment in electric school buses. So how many electric school buses were actually created? Well, according to the Washington Free Beacon, Kamala Harris and EPA administrator, Michael Regan, through the Clean School Bus program, used a billion dollars in federal rebates for 389 school districts across all 50 states to help deliver about 2,400 school buses. But here's the problem. According to an analysis of federal data by the Washington Free Beacon, only 27 of those districts actually proved to the EPA that the buses were delivered. They deployed 60 buses, 60 a billion dollars for 60 buses, $1 billion for 60.


Okay, that is, that comes, I feel like that's, you know, probably a good price. It's only about $16.7 million per school bus. I feel like I could probably find a cheaper school bus somewhere than 16.7 million. But I don't know. I'm not the federal government. She's amazing at her job. In other words, so where are the media? Where are they? And the answer is, they are too busy massaging her. They're too busy talking about how she's brat and she's suddenly cool. And she's antico and she's so, she does TikTok dances and all this same crap. And they did this with Obama in 2005 and they did it with Obama in 2012. And now they're trying to make fetch happen with Kamala Harris. And the media are gonna continue to try to do this. They will at some point start asking her these questions in a mild way they wouldn't want to offend.


Of course they wanna be kind to the candidate. They wanna see win. Which brings us to the Trump campaign. What's the Trump campaign doing? Why aren't they defining Kamala Harris? They need to be on the ball right now. I'm a donor to the Trump campaign. I want the Trump campaign to win rather badly as it turns out. 'cause I think that the world will be set even more on fire than it already is by Kamala Harris, who is far to the left of Joe Biden and is awful on policy. So that means it's up to the Trump campaign to start moving. They need to define her right now. So spending like $12 million on some swing state ads right now. The Trump campaign has hundreds of millions of dollars in the bank. The most important time to drop that. This is something Trump innately knows. By the way, president Trump knows this.


He defines his opponents better than anyone in American politics. He defines them early. He does it often. He does it aggressively. The campaign needs to do it, however, on the basis of positions and issues. And Trump himself needs to do that, not just in the campaigns. He's been doing that in the campaign speeches. But in terms of advertising, in terms of blanketing the airwaves, we go to YouTube right now. Kamala Harris is probably dropping $50 million on various ad campaigns to define her to the American people. As a moderate prosecutor. The Trump campaign needs to redefine her as what she actually is, which is a radical who lies about everything. She is a liar. Every single position she has held, she has lied about. She's currently lying right now. She lied about Joe Biden's health for months on end, years on end.


I she's a liar. She has come a liar. Well, most Americans don't even know who the VP is. And it turns out she's a wildly irresponsible person.


Well, gentlemen, in these challenging times, our nation needs strong, responsible men more than ever. That's why responsible man created the Emerson multivitamin. Not for the Wims or the woke bros, but for men of honor who actually take duty seriously with 33 key ingredients. This American made powerhouse supports your immune system, sharpens your mind, keeps your heart and muscles strong. It's the daily discipline that separates the men from the boys. Right now you can get your first order of Emerson multivitamins for just 27 99. That's over 30% off. Visit responsible man.com. Fuel your commitment to God, family country that's responsible man.com. Be the Man America needs.


Why the Trump? If the media won't do it, which you can't assume they will, you can't assume they'll do their jobs the then, then it is the job of the Trump campaign to do this. And they need to get aggressive and they need to do it right now because you have one opportunity to define your opponent. And it's right at the outset. This is the outset. They got like another two weeks to define Kamala Harris. And then whatever the perception is of her, it is likely going to be baked into the cake. The new perception of her. Because let's face it, most Americans don't follow politics closely enough to have watched the Democratic primaries in 2019. And they certainly don't watch politics closely enough to have followed what Kamala Harris has done or not done over the course of her vice presidency. Most Americans don't even know who the vice president is. And Kamala Harris is aggressively trying to redefine herself as the middle of the road candidate.


So she's already planning to start her swing state tour next week in Philadelphia, which of course suggests that she's going to pick the Pennsylvania governor Josh SHAPIRO. That's a smart pick by her. Josh Shapiro's, a talented politician. He does kinda a low rent Barack Obama impersonation on the campaign trail. He's not as good as Obama is at it. 'cause again, he's imitating Obama in the same way. So many candidates on the right side of Al have picked up Donald Trump's mannerisms with the hands and, and the phraseology. Josh SHAPIRO sort of does that with Barack Obama. He tries to channel him. Here's Josh SHAPIRO doing that the other day. And so, so I got a message to Donald Trump, stop talking America.


This is, this is the greatest country on the face of the earth. Let's start acting like it. It is amazing, by the way, how Democrats shift from this place is just a racist bleep hole to this is the greatest country on the face of the earth. The minute that they have to run a campaign, they go from America is systemically rooted in racism. It is a place of deep inequality and corporate evil. And they go right from that to this is the greatest country on earth. How dare you insult America. It really is pretty impressive. So Josh SHAPIRO is the front runner in the clubhouse right now for the nomination. That's also an attempt to win back some of the Jewish vote that is leaving the Democratic Party in droves because of their association, as it turns out with pro Hamas in their own party.


So Josh SHAPIRO would be an attempt to moderate on that position. Also, he's perceived though he's not as a political moderate, he in the past, for example, has backed school vouchers in Pennsylvania, which will bring up some issues with say, the American Federation of Teachers. At the same time, he's also spoken out very forcibly about the transing of the kids, like in favor of, so he is not a particularly moderate guy, but he's perceived as moderate in Pennsylvania. He has about a 60% approval rating in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is in fact a very crucial swing state that will be decided by a very thin margin. So Josh SHAPIRO is the likely front runner for this. And again, the fact that they are initiating this in Philadelphia suggests that, that Josh SHAPIRO will probably be the pick.


Only about five people are apparently in serious contention. Josh SHAPIRO, Tim Walls, Tim Walls, the, I would be shocked if she picks Tim Walls, the governor of Minnesota. He doesn't bring anything. Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona, who I think is being bandied about more as as sort of a, as sort of a stalking horse for, for Josh SHAPIRO, governor Andy Becher of Kentucky, who I think took himself out of contention with a series of not particularly wonderful interviews. Also, he is not from a swing state. And Pete Buttigieg, the transportation secretary, who definitely will not be the guy because even the Democrats are not stupid enough to run an all intersectionality ticket. That'd be a very foolish move of them if they wanna win, say blue collar white voters in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. And Democrats do need a breakthrough in Pennsylvania, given the fact that Kamala Harris did say she wanted to ban fracking, which a pretty major issue in Pennsylvania, according to Politico, VP Harris's decision to reverse her support for a fracking ban is doing little to ease concerns among fossil fuel industries and its workers and cheerleaders for Pennsylvania.


Governor Josh SHAPIRO now see an opening. What Harris needs now, according to Democratic Party boosters, is someone like SHAPIRO who's carved a middle ground in the country's number two natural gas producing state in the VP slot. And I think, again, Harris so far, she's running a clever campaign. She's trying to redefine herself. She's making the move that you would need to make in order to win. If you are a radical like Kamala Harris who's wildly unlikable, she's pretending that all of her old positions no longer apply. She's picking a VP candidate, you would assume, from a swing state who is popular, which again is typically the way that you would do this thing if you were in a hotly fought contest, which means that it is now up to the Trump campaign to respond.


We get to that in just one moment.


First, as Kamala Harris prepares to select from running mate, the radical left is looking to seize even more power. While new challenges emerge daily, one thing remains constant. The Daily Wire, we are on the front lines. We cut through the noise, we cut through the nonsense. We deliver you the fact from our uncensored ad free daily shows to our round the clock breaking news coverage and investigative journalism, the most trusted names in media, live right here. Join us as we fight the left and build the future. You're not gonna wanna miss one single solitary moment of what we do here. Become a Daily Wire Plus member right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Okay? Meanwhile, now there is blowback in the Democratic Party about Josh SHAPIRO because he Jew. And there's a significant percentage of the Democratic base that will see a pick of Josh SHAPIRO as a SOP to Jews and as a SOP to Israel. And they'll be angry about that because there are too many Kama squad supporters inside the Democratic Party. Maybe Kamala thinks that she can outweigh that by ripping on Israel publicly as she's been doing for the past couple of weeks. So the question for Donald Trump is what he should do now he is attempting to occupy the middle ground, and that is a smart move. So I know there are a lot of people on the right who are very upset because yesterday the project 2025 director Paul Dans stepped down a heritage foundation after pressure from Trump campaign leadership, ongoing power rift over staffing control for potential second Trump administration per internal email, which suggests that Project 2025 could theoretically shut down Heritage Foundation.


President Kevin Roberts confirmed the news. And now there are a lot of people on the right whom about this because they like a lot of what's in Project 2025. And again, I read Project 2025, I don't see all that much in there that I find personally objectionable. However, it was being used by the Biden Harris campaign in order to smear Trump with, he's read every aspect of this, he's gonna do all of these things. Here's his entire campaign program. And Trump is heterodox on a number of these things. He didn't wanna be tied to project 2025. And so one easy way of killing that narrative is killing Project 2025. So just as a political move, and again, politics is about the art of the possible politics is pragmatism and principle. It is not just principle.


If we're just about principle, then I would require that every Republican politician out loud make clear they're pro-life bonafides make clear, for example, that they would like to restructure entitlement programs, which everyone knows, everyone knows those have to be restructured. But that is not actually how politics works. Politics is the art of the possible. And there's only so much that's gonna get done. And so Donald Trump's saying, I'm not gonna get a lot of this stuff done, and this does not reflect my viewpoint. I think that's probably a politically savvy move by the President. You can see that despite all of the sort of aats enthusiasm for Kamala Harris, there is some desperation that is setting in among the Democrats because the realities that they haven't really been able to peg Trump either.


So we've talked a lot about them redefining Kamala in an enthusiastic way, but they haven't really been able to take down Trump. His approval ratings are actually the highest they have ever been at this point in time. And so they're focusing all of their fire on JD Vance, who again, is a, an undefined commodity at this point. And they're focusing it in particular on his prenatal list views, his belief that a society rests on people having babies, which again, seems fairly inarguable to me. They're also picking the dumbest ways possible to attack JD Van. So yesterday, Molly Jung fast, who I, I have no idea why people think that she's an incisive political commentator in any way, shape or form. And I have no idea why she would choose the hairstyle that she has. She yesterday made the obscene comment that JD Vans is ISTs, meaning he wants people to have babies because he only wants white kids, which is weird since he has two brown kids.


His wife is Indian American. More and more Americans Choosing choosing not to have kids, which again emphasizes why JD Vance's comments about childless Americans, childless cat ladies, right? Could be so politically damaging. Well, So what's interesting is this is this natal that comes from an authoritarian playbook, right? That there, there need to be more white children, right? That's the idea that there's, you know, this is about great replacement theory racism, right? This is what this is. So don't misunderstand it for him wanting more children. He wants a certain kind of, you know, racist thing. Unbelievable, unbelievable stuff. So that, that, that's their attack line. I think they can go too far. And I think that Harris campaign is in danger of going too far.


They're searing into the very online meme. They, the, all the brat, all the weird, all this stuff. Does that have like a major impact on the American voting population? It won't. If the Trump campaign can redefine to the issues they need to find their footing so far, they seem to be scrambling around a little bit. They're not really sure what to do. But the path forward is very clear. Just play clips of Kamala Harris talking. That's it. That's the entire campaign. Play clips of her in Pennsylvania on a loop, drop $30 million in Pennsylvania on a loop to show that she wanted to ban fracking. And that she cannot be trusted. Drop $30 million on a loop in Michigan saying that she's all for electric cars and effectively wants to end the car industry in the United States.


All of these things are true. Go to Wisconsin and point out that she wants a mandatory gun buyback. And her switch in time very late in the campaign is, is not honest. That's what needs to be pointed out. It's, it's, it's the only response truly to the Kamala Harris pseudo phenomenon. The media are trying to craft out of pretty much nothing. It's pretty incredible. Well, speaking of the campaign, it is amazing how quickly the media memory hold that time that somebody tried to shoot Donald Trump in the head. That happened like two and a half weeks ago and already it's disappearing. So it turns out that the algorithms at Google had actually been shifted and changed that if you tried to search for information about the assassination attempt on Trump, that that appeared to have been being hidden.


The secret service still has not a answered any questions as to how it was that a person was on a roof for like 15, 20 minutes with a gun before they sent Donald Trump out there to speak. And the Secret Service did nothing about it. Here's the acting secret service director yesterday it was called to testify. His name is Ronald Rowe about the secret service failure of imagination. Here's the thing, I don't think it's a failure of imagination. When a person does the most imaginable thing in human history, they go to a roof and try to shoot the most controversial person alive. I think this was a failure of imagination, a failure to imagine that we actually do live in a very dangerous world where people do actually want to do harm to our protectees.


I think it was a failure to challenge our own assumptions. The assumptions that we know our partners are gonna do everything they can and they do this every day. But we didn't challenge our own assumptions of we assume that someone's gonna cover that. We assume that there's gonna be uniform presence. We didn't challenge that internally during that advance. Oh, is that, is that what happened? So Josh Howley, senator from Missouri, he asked the acting secret service director. So why didn't you fire anyone? It seems like if you have literally one job and you fail at it, somebody should lose their job. Okay? So who did, who did make the decision then if it wasn't the lead site agent who made the decision not to put that in security permit?


Senator, you're zeroing in on one particular agent. I want to find out exactly. Yeah, what was the entire decision process. So I think, yeah, I want to be neutral and make sure that we get to the bottom of it and interview everybody in order to determine if there was more than one person perhaps exercise bad judgment. Well, sure, My question is, why don't you relieve everybody of duty who made bad judgment? So yeah, you're right. I am zeroing in on somebody. I'm trying to find somebody who's accountable here. Well, they didn't find anybody accountable. Kim SLE had to resign, but that's about it. Nobody lowered down on the chain. It is an amazing fact that that's memory hold. If Joe Biden, if somebody tried to shoot Joe Biden in the head, that would be a national news story for legitimately years.


'cause January 6th has been a national news story for legitimately four years at this point. It's an amazing thing. Meanwhile, the other big news of the day yesterday, it truly is a, it is, it's a great news, wonderful news for the world. Two arch terrorists are dead. So we told you yesterday about how Hezbollah had fired a rocket into Northern Israel, into the Golan Heights, and they killed 12 Drew's children. Druze are, are not quite Muslims. They, they're sort of an offshoot of Islam that a thousand years ago. And they have their own form of religion, really interesting community. They are strong allies of Israel. They are Israeli citizens. And so Israel was called upon to respond the Biden administration, because Joe Biden is a weakling and a pathetic human being.


And Kamala Harris is also a weakling and a pathetic human being. They basically threatened Israel that Israel should not respond to strongly. Because when you have 12 of your own citizens killed by a rocket attack from a terrorist group, what we've learned from the Biden Harris administration is that the pressure is on you to find a way to diplomacy your way outta this thing. So this put serious restraints on what Israel could do if Israel went a whole hog against Hezbollah as any legitimate country would. If the Mexican drug cartels fired a rocket across the border into San Diego and killed 12 kids on a soccer field. I promise you, US Marines would be in Mexico City the next morning. But in Israel, it's not the way that it works because the United States led by buffoons like the President who is no longer with us, and the vice president who actually is probably running the country, That that administration basically put the damper on Israel.


Like you can't, you can't do anything big. If you do anything big, we're gonna be big Mads, super Mads. And of course we know the Biden administration has been slow walking military aid to the Israelis to prevent them from being able to take Hezbollah off their northern border. And should be reminded at this point, if you know nothing about the history of the region, Hezbollah is in Lebanon. Israel has no territorial aspirations in Lebanon. There is no occupation of Southern Lebanon. In fact, Israel withdrew from Southern Lebanon in 2005 when they withdrew from southern Lebanon. The UN was supposed to put a peacekeeping force there. They immediately left the peacekeeping force and Hezbollah promptly took up that entire area and built about 125,000 rockets, 25,000 of them with targeting capacity.


Which means that the north of Israel, since October 7th, has been a ghost town completely empty. Again, that'd be the equivalent of the United States, made a deal with Mexico to demilitarize the Mexican border or something. Assume that the, the cartels were negotiating presence and then the cartels filled it back up and the United States had to evacuate the entire border area along the Mexican border. That said, that's effectively what's happened in Israel. And the United States said to Israel, don't do anything like, don't do anything. Like really, please don't escalate. Don't. Because whenever Israel does something to protect itself, according to the Biden Harris administration, that amounts to escalation. So what did Israel do? They decided on a couple of targeting killings. Now, normally targeted killings are fairly weak, normally targeted killings.


Yeah. So you kill one guy, big deal. They replaced the one guy. That's not what happened over the course of the last 24 hours. So over the course of the last 24 hours, Israel killed one of Hezbollah's top military leaders in an airstrike in Beirut. There was a strike on a guy named Fuad Chukar. He was the highest ranking leader of the group to be killed in years. He was supposedly the number two to the actual leader of Hezbollah Hassana nra. Hassan Nasrallah is a genocidal maniac who also wishes to destroy the United States. You'll realize that Hezbollah, of course, was responsible for the Marine Barracks bombing of 1983 that killed 241 American Marines. That was Hezbollah, which also turned Lebanon from a nice Christian run country into an Islamist hell hole.


That that is what has happened in, in any case, Israel killed this guy with an aerial attack, a targeted aerial attack in the middle of Beirut, which is the capital city of Lebanon. It was a very targeted strike. It was an incredible feat of military intelligence by the Israelis. Chukar himself is not actually the number two, he's the actual acting director of Hezbollah. And Raah is more the face of it. Chukar is the person who's sort of the, the military guy in charge. Israel killed him. That was yesterday, early morning, east Coast time. And then the same exact day, it turns out that they killed Ismail Hanah. Now, Ismail Khania, you might know a little bit better than Shugar.


You have to become an insider to know Hezbollah's hierarchy. But Hanah has been on TV a lot. Haniya is the political head of Hamas. He's been residing in a five star hotel in Qatar after embezzling something like $4 billion from Palestinians in foreign aid. Just to remember who he is. Here was his reaction. They actually filmed him upon learning the news of October 7th. And its success in the eyes of Hamas, which of course meant the death of 1200 Israelis and the kidnapping of 250 others. Here is hernia's. Immediate reaction at the time. They're watching it on TV and they're praising Allah.


They're all doing a, in praising Allah for the death of, of Jews taken off the shoes. The full, the full deal. That is his Nia. Okay? That's who he is. There's the prayer. Okay, so Hania showed up at the Iranian inauguration. So the Iranian president, Hassan Rohani, he died in a helicopter accident. And we can all pray that the Aya Khomeini that he takes at just as in effective a helicopter in the very near future heroes, hanah at the Iranian inauguration of the new fake president. Because what Iran does, like most dictatorships, is they prop up somebody, pretend that he won an election and that the change of face is somehow a change in policy, which it is not.


So they invited, of course, as a VIP, Ismail Nia, to this particular event here. He was Very, very nice stuff. Just delight. Delightful people. Delightful people. And the thing that they are chanting right there is death to Israel and Death to America. That's what they're actually chanting there. So, super nice guy, super nice. In fact, such a nice guy that after Israel killed him, Reuters ran the following headline quote, tough talking.


Hania was seen as the more moderate face of Hamas. Oh, the more moderate face of Hamas. I didn't know Hamas had a moderate face, but apparently they do. Meanwhile, the BBC described him thusly. Despite his tough rhetoric. He was generally seen by analysts as a moderate and pragmatic. Oh was he? You know, the guy who was, who was doing all that moderate and pragmatic. So Israel killed him yesterday in Tehran, totally unclear exactly how he was killed. So Lebanese sources are suggesting that Israel fired some sort of surface to surface missile. So good riddance to bad rubbish. Ismail Hania the hue and cry by people like Rashida Lib is insane because of course all of her friends are getting killed.


Now it's very upsetting for her. A woman named Zara Blu, who's the head of the San Francisco chapter of the Council on American Islamic Relations. Remember that is a group that the Biden administration considers a moderate Muslim group that simply wants better relations in the United States. Not a radical Islamist front group. She tweeted, quote, never say that those moderate in the cause of Allah are dead. In fact, they're alive, but you do not perceive it. Tonight, we mourn, smile himself, but know his martyrdom is not in vain from the river to the sea. Palestine will be free. Remember, care was a select partner in the Biden administration's strategy to combat antisemitism. So what was Israel doing here? So what Israel is doing here is very clear. They're reestablishing deterrents. What they're doing here is they are suggesting, we know we can't go full scale against Hezbollah right now, not with without the United States re-arming us in some way.


What we also know is that we cannot allow Hezbollah, Hamas, all of the Iranian proxies to empty out our north and kill our citizens Willy-nilly. So if you're Israel, what are we gonna do? What we're gonna do is we're gonna kill off your leaders one by one in the places where they're supposed to be most protected. Tehran, literally the capital of Iran and Beirut, literally the capital of Lebanon. And what that is a message to the AYAs. Like, if you get a little too feisty, we also know where you live and we'll kill you as well. It is a badass move by the Israeli government for sure. And there are people who say, that's escalatory. You're seeing this from ites? No, it turns out October 7th was escalatory. You know what else was escalatory firing thousands of rockets into Israel since October 7th. By Hezbollah, the last one of which killed again, 12 Drew's kids.


Turns out that's kind of escalatory, you know, it's Dees escalatory killing terrorists, because when you kill enough of them, then they stop doing the thing That is the history of terrorism. When you show an iron wall to terrorists, then they are a little more dissuaded from doing the thing that they're sort of famous for doing. Now, Kamala Harris did put out a quick response on the death of the Hezbollah leader. She's not put one out yet on the death of Ismail Hania. Presumably there'll be an Im memoriam for him at the DNC and Vice President Harris put out a statement quote, Israel has a right to defend itself against a terrorist organization like Hezbollah. That being said, we must still work on a diplomatic solution to end the fighting. She's so tiresome, so tiresome, so silly diplomatic solution.


How you wanna diplomacy your way into Hezbollah. Abandoning the territory south of Latia River. Anytime, lady go. Go for it. Amos Hochstein has been doing a fabulous job so far. This is, you wanna know why the Israelis didn't inform the Americans what they were doing? They would've if Trump were in office, they didn't because they figured that Joe Biden would either leak the information to Hezbollah and Kamas, or that he would attempt to put the screws to Israel to stop them from doing things to protect their own citizenry. That's what you're gonna get in a Kamala Harris administration for sure. Alrightyy. Coming up yesterday, we had the chance to sit down with the Al Ex Epstein president and CEO of the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, one of the world's largest religious charitable organizations. We've been discussing the situation in Northern Israel. IFCJ is doing incredible work in Northern Israel, which we were just discussing a moment ago.


If you're not a member, Become a member. Use Coach SHAPIRO. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.