
Well folks, it's that time of the day. Again, we have to update our calendar because it is now day 20 of Kamala Harris taking zero adversarial questions. Since becoming the Democratic nominee, she's running away from reporters. She's turning down Donald Trump's request for additional debates. But don't worry, she is so brilliant. She's so with it. She's so intelligent, she's so convincing. She's not just a cardboard cutout that they stack up in front of a teleprompter to say things out of her face hole. And then the media cheer like a bunch of wild school girls. We'll get to all of this in just a second. First,


Daily, Wire plus members. You have unlimited on-demand access to our uncensored ad free daily shows, realtime breaking news, investigative journalism. So if you're not a member, now would be the time since there is stuff happening literally every moment of every day. I'm exhausted. I dunno about you, but I'm covering it here for you. We need your help. Don't be left in the dark. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Okay, so yesterday, large scale contrast between Donald Trump, the Republican candidate for the presidency and Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris continues to run a basement campaign. It's a basement campaign that is punctuated by her going to large rallies and saying things off a teleprompter. And Tim Walls giving a a strange, enthusiastic dance routine that is really off-putting to those of us who still have a shred of sanity left. You just feel like you're being gaslit all the time by the Harris Walls campaign because she went from being one of the most unpopular figures in democratic politics to a magical figure of joy, light, and excitement. And then they tried out this 60-year-old dous to dance around on the stage while talking about how he's a moderate who only loves abortion and, and loves Transing the kids.


I mean it's just, it's all crazy. And then they say that Trump is afraid to debate. Okay? So yesterday Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago gave an hour long press conference a thing that Kamala Harris has not done. The most noteworthy thing that he said is that he doesn't just want one debate with Kamala Harris. He wants three debates with Kamala Harris here. He was announcing that yesterday. I think it's very important to have debates. And we've agreed with Fox on a date of September 4th. We've agreed with NBC fairly full agreement subject to them on September 10th. And we've agreed with a, b, C on September 25th. Okay? So that is good news.


That is good news. It's what we've been encouraging him on the show to do. He needs to debate Ka 'cause the media ain't gonna do their job. They're absolutely not gonna do their job. They're going to run screaming away from their jobs, it turns out. So then Kamala Harris, she came forth and she explained she would not be doing three debates on three separate networks. No, she would've only agreed to the debate that Joe Biden negotiated with Donald Trump back when Joe Biden was the candidate. That was before she shoved him in the back and took his nomination, which is precisely what happened. By the way, it is kind of weird that Joe Biden is still president of the United States and is wandering into walls, speaking nonsensically, you know, his entire schedule next week, the current president of the United States, the most powerful person on earth who you've completely forgotten about, we all did. Old Joe.


His schedule next week involves him being in Delaware and taking two scheduled phone calls. That is his schedule next week, apparently just slow clap for the media who are doing an incredible job. They went from this man cannot be the nominee because he's c al to, he can still be the president because he's now and his vice presidential candidate who is avoiding us like the plague is actually sweetness. And like here she was yesterday saying she, she's looking forward to their September 10th debate. So the little game she's playing is she says she will not accept any further debates until they do the September 10th debate. And Trump should say, well no, I'm not gonna do the September 10th debate unless you're willing to do all three. Because the reality is the American people don't know you. You're hiding from the media, you're hiding from questions. You are actually a dummy when you get off the teleprompter, which is that that's been true for Kamala Harris her entire lifetime.


Instead, what she's trying to do is delay it beyond September 10th. 'cause she feels like she'll do well enough on September 10th to put questions to bed about her candidacy. And then she doesn't wanna be out there having to answer more questions. In fact, her entire plan is never to answer any questions. Here she was yesterday, Be participating in all three. I've always been on record. I'm looking forward to committing Donald Trump. And we have a date of September 10th. I hear he is finally committed to it. I'm looking forward. What about the other two? What about the other two? Nope, she's gone. Bye. Catch you later. No questions. No questions. By the way, she did Dane to tell the press yesterday that she would be scheduling an interview, maybe an interview before the end of the month.


Here's what she had to say yesterday on the tarmac. And I, the media played this as though she took questions from the media. Those were not questions. That was a hot stone massage. There's a difference. First president, there's been a lot of questions about when you're gonna sit down for your first interview. Since being the nominee talked to my team, I want us to get an interview before the end. Thank you. Well, that, that's a serious answer before the end of the month. Now let me, lemme take a look at the calendar here. It, it appears to me, unless all my information and the entire cylindrical system is, is somehow false, that today would be Friday, August 9th. I noticed that the month of August actually has many days in it, like a lot of days.


In fact, it has 31 days in it, unless I am sadly mistaken. And yet she wants to do one interview before the end of the month. Are you kidding me? I have a question for all you journalism, all you professional journalism, if you can put down the lotion long enough to actually do your jobs, maybe you might want to, you know, put a little pressure on the Harris Walls campaign to answer a question. Some questions, any questions Maybe you might wanna ask the very obvious question to the campaign. Why won't you do a presser? Why won't you do an interview? Why are you running away from any question ever? Why are you only committing to one debate? A debate by the way that you didn't negotiate with Trump.


Your boss negotiated with Trump before he took him out back and shot him like Gold Yeller. Where is the media? We know the answer. The media are in her colon. That's where the media are. This is not just Donald Trump and JD Vance against Harrison Walls. It's them against the entire legacy media. 'cause the entire legacy media clicked back into place the minute that Joe Biden went down. They clicked back into place and suddenly like a switch. They were enthusiastic about Kamala. So much excitement, so much joy, triple exclamation point. Well, the media are telling us that we don't need any answers from Kamala Harris or Timal because there's just so much joy and that is a lie. But here's something that's not a lie.


There's only one cell phone company that gives you free premium access to the media you actually care about. That is PureTalk. This might be the best offer PureTalk has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That is correct. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, and 15 gigs of data. Plus mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 bucks a month. And you'll get one year free of Daily Wire plus The. Daily. Wire plus Insider Plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Bertram run, hide, fight, and much more. Plus you get all our daily shows uncensored and ad free. The only way you can get this special offer is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. I've been telling you to stop over paying for your cell phone plan for a very long time. I've been using PureTalk myself for a very long time. Well, if you haven't made the switch over to PureTalk yet, now would be the moment. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan, get one year free of Daily Wire Plus inside. It's an amazing deal from a great cell phone provider to get great cell phone reception. Great deal. Plus one year free of daily Wear plus Insider. What are you missing out on? Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today to get started.


Kamala Harris's entire routine here is to play Joe Biden's basement campaign from 2020 with some peppy rallies and some pop music from upcoming stars that I've never heard of. Presumably she was asked yesterday about whether she had any response to Donald Trump's criticisms of her, you know, very hard question. Very hard question here. Do you have any response to people criticizing you? And she's like, Nope. Can't even hear the criticism. I'm just, I'm too, I'm above all of that. Can you comment on some of his other criticisms? He made a whole litany of him today. Some of them are about your I was too busy talking to voters. I didn't hear 'em. I, I, she, she's been talking to voters. She didn't hear 'em. I mean, that's a lie. Number one, she knows all the criticisms because they've been widely reported.


Also, the last time somebody on the Harris Walls ticket claimed deafness to avoid culpability for something. It was for vice president claiming deafness to avoid A DUI. So a solid ticket right here and more, I don't blame Harrison Walls for doing this. Regina, it, it's great work if you can get it, if you can get away with all of this, good for you. But where are the journalists? Where are they? Why don't they do their job? That is the big question. So yesterday Donald Trump proved that he was perfectly willing to go out in front of a wildly adversarial press. He tried to reset the table, I think successfully because the focus in this campaign cannot be on all of these sort of random festivus grievances that Donald Trump has against Brian Kemp in Georgia.


And it can't be about questions about her, her blackness or anything like it's gotta be about her record. This is the most left wing ticket in the history of American politics. Donald Trump's task yesterday was twofold. One, to demonstrate that he was willing to actually take questions in a way that she is not, which is clearly true. He went to the National Association of Black Journalists last week and he did like an 35 minute interview with people who hate his guts. She has yet to answer a single adversarial question. And again, we are in day 20 of this ridiculous, pathetic routine. And it really is sickening because the American people are owed some answers to questions before we select the next president of the United States. Are we not? What exactly do journalists think they do around here? Trump had two tasks. One is prove that he could take questions, which he can, and two, try to redirect toward the Harris Walls record, which is insanely radical.


Somehow Kamala Harris, by the way, has been able to avoid culpability for the administration in which she's the vice president of the United States, which is insane to me. That's totally crazy. In 2008, John McCain was made responsible for George w Bush's administration. Despite the fact he wasn't in that administration, Mitt Romney was turned into an heir to George W. Bush, despite the fact he had no relationship with George W. Bush. But Kamala Harris, who literally says she's the last person in the room for every Biden decision, has been able to avoid culpability for the entire Biden administration record, which is a heaping pile of flaming trash. So Trump has a twofold task yesterday. I think he hit both of them. One is he's willing to stand up to press. She isn't. Two is, let's focus on her record here he was yesterday, warning about economic insecurity, meltdowns under the next Kamala Harris administration.


I think that our country is right now in the most dangerous position it's ever been in, from an economic standpoint, from a safety standpoint, both gangs on the street and frankly gangs outside of our country in the form of other countries that are frankly very powerful. They're very powerful countries and we don't know what we're doing. We have leadership that has no clue how to handle them or how to handle any other situation. You could end up in a depression of the 1929 variety, which would be a devastating thing. Took many years, took decades to recover from it. And we're very close to that. And we're very close to a world war, in my opinion. We're very close to a world war.


We have people that don't know how to handle it. They're not respected all over the world, they're left at and we can't have that. He's right about all of that, of course. And then Trump said about himself that he is a common sense person who wants low taxes, strong borders in a strong military. This should be the campaign. This should be the campaign message discipline. That is all. We're a party of common sense. And I'm a person of common sense. I want to have low taxes. I wanna have strong borders. I wanna have a strong military. Okay? Again, that is a very common sense message. And she's a person who wants the opposite of that. High taxes, weak borders in a weak military.


That is a very good campaign. And it happens to be true. Trump said that Kamala was the worst borders czar in American history, which of course is also true As a border czar. She's been the worst. Borders C are in history, in the world history. I think the numbers 20 million, but whether it's 15 or 20, it's numbers that nobody's ever heard before. 20 million people came over the border in the last, during the Biden Harris administration, 20 million people. Okay? So again, this, this over and over and over. Now, Trump did note in the press conference yesterday that all of this kind of honeymooning over Kamala Harris, who is a terrible candidate. She's terrible. There's a tweet yesterday, somebody suggesting, you know, well she, she's like the person who hit well in the minors, who has never given a shot.


And then she gets to the majors and she's hitting three third and you're like, why didn't we start with this person? No, she's actually like the person who's in the minor leagues and had a bunch of potential. Then came up to the majors and hit 180, that'd be her 2020 presidential race. And then was sent back down and then was brought back up to be vice president and she hit 180 again. And then she was sent back down, and then she was brought back up as the nominee. And then in the first couple of weeks she went six for eight, and now she's gonna regress to the main and she's gonna bat 180. And that's essentially the case that Donald Trump is making right here. The honeymoon period's gonna look. She's got a little period, she's got a convention coming up. It's about policy. It's not about her. I think she's incompetent because I've watched her.


She destroyed California, she destroyed San F. Everything she's touched has turned to bad things. So Donald Trump, correct, he says that the honeymoon will end when people get to know Kamala. The question is whether anyone will ever get to know Kamala if the media have their way. Well, here is another question.


Where are you getting your meat from? Important question because the Olympics summer games are in full swing and good Ranchers is now getting it on the action by offering new subscribers a free gold medal. Add-on for the next four years. You can enjoy free plain chicken breasts, Angus ground beef, applewood bacon, or wild caught salmon in every order for the next four years or until the next summer Games. Plus, with my exclusive Coach Shapiro, you'll get an additional 25 bucks off your first box. That's up to $1,200 in savings when you subscribe. So good. Ranchers actually made me a kosher steak a few years ago, like their only kosher steak. It was amazing. I mean, that's high quality meat. Good Ranchers is not only an amazing partner to this show, they're also huge supporters of the paralyzed veterans of America. Every order supports American farms and American veterans. If you're a proud American, good Ranchers is for you. Root for team USA this summer while enjoying America's best meat meat that's born and raised right here on local farms and ranches. Remember to use my coach Shapiro to claim 25 bucks off your first box, free express shipping and your free add-on for four years. Don't miss this summer special. Go to good Ranchers dot com. Use promo code Shapiro. That's good. Ranchers dot com. American meat delivered.


He is right about all that. And he points out, and this again should be something that the Republicans point out over and over and over. She cannot be off teleprompter. She is whatever the teleprompter says she is at any given moment here is Trump saying Kamala can't do an interview. Where is she? She's, where's Waldo? She hasn't done an interview. She can't do an interview. She's barely competent and she can't do an interview. But I look forward to the debates because I think we have to set the record straight, right? Well, I mean, by the way, she is the one who is saying she only wants one debate. And it's the debate that was preset with Joe Biden. She is a coward. Do you understand? She's politically a coward.


She's backed off every position she ever held, but not herself. She has her surrogates doing it. She won't do an interview to answer for any of those changes in time. She won't explain why she was for Joe Biden's mental competence until she was against it and just shove that old dude off the back of the train. She can't answer any questions and she won't answer any questions. And now Democrats are out there saying that she doesn't have to answer any questions. Here's Senator Alex Padilla from California suggesting that Harris doesn't need to take any questions because she's just too glorious. Our queen sleigh queen must take no questions whatsoever, ever. You've gotta cut her a little bit of slack for the last three and a half weeks. An unprecedented way to become No, you don't. The nominee for the Democratic Party.


Yeah, we noticed that Some, the delegates, It caused some questions maybe to Become the presumptive nominee. She has quickly vetted and selected a tremendous running mate in Governor Walls. We're preparing for the Democratic convention in Chicago, and she's stumping. She's doing the day job and stumping in all the critical battleground states. So we'll get to the media interviews soon enough. No, you won't. And by the way, I, I love that, that he trots out a bunch of things that you should have questions about. And then he is like, but she must be asked no questions. She's been busy. Yes. You mean de fenestrating her boss? She's been busy selecting a vice president on the basis of him not being a Jew. Like there's some questions about all these things and she's avoiding those questions. And it's maddening.


It truly is. If you feel like I do, which is that this entire, this entire electoral cycle has been a complete and utter chaotic bleep show. And you got some questions and then you are told no, no, she doesn't have to answer questions. She's too kind, godlike, and joyous to have to answer. Que she's busy. Is it, is it irritating? I feel like it's irritating. Not just to me. I think there are a lot of Americans, to whom this is irritating, who are owed answers by the current sitting vice president of the United States, who's presided over the worst inflation in 40 years, A meltdown in the Middle East, a slow rolling disaster in Ukraine, an aggressive China, a fraying of the social fabric, a polarization along racial and sex lines.


I feel like I feel like some questions should be answered before we make that lady the President of the United States after winning zero, count them, zero primary votes ever. Not just this time, last time too. I feel like I'm going nuts here because how do you take a person who you all deemed to be completely unworthy of her job? And then flip in one second and say that she's not just worthy, she's the most worthy and all must bow before her. And then when we have questions, they're like, no, no, there will be no questions. She requires no Nancy Pelosi doing the same routine. So Nancy Pelosi, who effectively beheaded the president of the United States politically, and she did an interview yesterday in which she basically spat on Joe Biden's grave.


It's pretty amazing right here was Nancy Pelosi saying, come let doesn't need to talk to the press. Of course she doesn't need to talk to the press. And and meanwhile, Jake Tapper on CNN is kinda like, well, I mean, doesn't she? And Nancy's like, no, no, you'll, we know what you'll do. You will all just sit down and shut up. And she's right, she's right because the media are just an adjunct to the Democratic party. Do you think that the vice president needs to be more out there talking to reporters, talking about issues in a give and take, not just in speeches? I think she should say what I just said in that sentence. She has should be herself, she should be ready. She should know her power herself in all of this. And I don't give anybody her power advice except to be themselves and be ready and know the power of their individuality and their authenticity.


Oh my God, the power of her authenticity and individuality. You know how we might know if she's authentic, if someone would ask her a damned question that that might be a good way to find out whether someone's authentic or not, is if they would actually go and be in an adversarial situation and answer for themselves as opposed to deploying their friends in the legacy media and their paid surrogates to lie about all of their positions. Nancy Pelosi. She has to feel her power. Dentures are clacking by the way. You wanna talk about somebody who feels her power. Again, Nancy Pelosi legitimately fenestrated the sitting president of the United States. Nancy Pelosi literally did an interview in which he ripped Biden's debate performance and said he was not sentient to be president of the United States. So she ousted him. This is that same interview.


What was your reaction when you saw him walk out there and then his answers are his inability to give coherent answers. Well, I thought we were gonna see Joe Biden from the State of the Union. I I didn't ever want him to debate what's his name, because it's always, he's a joke. You know, he is, it is not a funny joke, but it's a joke. And he said, no, I, I'm looking forward to it. I, you know, I'll be. And so he was confident about that. So when I saw him, I thought, in my view, over prepped not, not a good idea. Over prepped. She's a liar. In that same day she didn't interview David Remnick over at New, at the New Yorker quote.


And this is about Joe Biden. Remember, this is the lady who says she won't give any advice to Kamala Harris. She's responsible for Kamala Harris's nomination, almost solely quote, I've never written that impressed with Joe Biden's political operation. They won the White House Bravo. But my concern was, this ain't happening and we have to make a decision for this to happen. The president has to make the decision for that to happen. She said, I really wanted him to make a decision for a better campaign because they were not facing the fact of what was happening. We couldn't see it go down the drain because Trump was gonna be president and then he was going to take the house. Imagine, imagine how that would be. Well, we don't have to imagine. We saw, so she basically ousted the guy. But now, now she has no advice for Nancy, for, for Kamala Harris. No advice at all. She just needs to be her authentic self. The most authentic. I just advise people to be the most authentic they can be.


The least authentic human being in America is Kamala Harris. That lady is manufactured. That lady is, has, has more preservatives in her than a box of McDonald's french fries. It's insane. But we all know what's going on here. They're hiding her. They're hiding her from the media because she's not capable. She's not a capable candidate. And the media are perfectly happy being treated this way. That's the part that's amazing. They're hiding. Kamala, the media are super happy to be treated this way, obviously, which seems pretty unhealthy.


But I'll tell you something that is healthy. That would be Balance Of Nature. See, I've got a busy schedule. I'm flying around the country for work. I'm constantly on the go. A lot happening. This election cycle. Gotta keep my health at its tip top. Best I exercise. I try to get enough sleep. I eat pretty well. And Balance Of Nature fits right into my day to day. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. It sounds miserable. Time consuming. With Balance Of, Nature of fruits and veggies, there's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies Daily. Balance, Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day and then your body knows exactly what to do with them. It is kosher, which means that every morning when I have that protein smoothie, I put in some Balance Of Nature and keeps me going strong. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That is Balance Of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro. Again, Balance Of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro, get 35% off your very first order as a preferred customer. Plus, get a free bottle of fiber and spice. That's Balance Of Nature dot com promo code Shapiro.


To get started, Eugene Daniels of political playbook. He said VP Kamala Harris took a few questions on the tarmac just now. What were those questions? When she would do a sit down interview, would she do a debate with Trump? Is she open to more debates if she felt bad because Republicans kept attacking Tim Walls and on why Trump originally backed outta the debate. Again, those are not questions. Those are soft balls. Clearly wild stuff here. So Donald Trump, again, he was on the offensive yesterday over at Mar-a-Lago. He ripped into the press. They were asking about his limited campaign schedule. And he is like, have you noticed that Kamala Harris is taking zero of your questions?


We have not had a public campaign event for nearly a week now, Montana of your allies that you're not taking this race seriously, Particularly. What a stupid question this is Enthusiasm on the other side. Why haven't you been campaigning? Because I'm leading by a lot and because I'm letting their convention go through and I am competing a lot. I'm doing tremendous amounts of taping here. We have commercials that are at a level I don't think that anybody's ever done before. Plus, in certain cases, I see many of you in the room where I'm speaking to you on phones, I'm speaking to radio, I'm speaking to television, television's coming over here.


Excuse me, what are we doing right now? She's not doing any news conference. You know why she's not doing it? 'cause she can't do a news conference. She doesn't know how to do a news conference. She's not smart enough to do a news conference. And I'm sorry, we need smart people to lead this country. Okay? He's right about all of that. So do the press choose to focus on the fact that he happens to be correct and that Kamala Harris is not doing her job and they're not doing their, of course. They're not gonna focus on that. They're complicit. They're part of the conspiracy of silence surrounding Kamala Harris. Instead, they decided to focus on the sort of random part of the Trump pressor. So the thing about a an hour long Donald Trump presser is because it is disorganized, shall we say. That means the media can always choose four or five headlines that they like out of the grab basket of things that Trump talks about.


So for example, Donald Trump slammed Tim Wallace's abortion record, and he pointed out that in Minnesota, they actually changed the law to avoid punishment for doctors who didn't take care of babies who are accidentally born alive during an abortion. Here was Trump. The Democrats are really the radical ones in this because they're allowed to do abor abortion on the eighth and ninth month and even after birth. If you look at your new governor from Minnesota, he's talking about, he's like the governor previous, the former governor. I don't wanna get him mixed up because Glen is doing a good job and he's leading our, he's leading our whole campaign in Virginia, Len Youngen.


But previous to Glen, the governor, he said, the baby will be born. We will put the baby aside and we will decide with the mother what we're going to do. In other words, whether or not we're gonna kill the baby. Okay, so the media say he's mixing up Ralph Ham, who is the governor prior to, prior to Glenn Young Ken in Virginia, and Tim Walls, the current vice presidential candidate in Minnesota. There's only one problem. Trump happens to be right on the policy. According to Roger Severino post birth abortion is real. Harris Walls support it. At least five babies were born alive after botched abortions and left to die under Tim Wall's Care. Two of these struggling babies were given comfort care instead of medical care, allegedly in violation of state law. How did walls respond? By repealing the very law, exposing and outlawing this horror and replacing it with abortion on demand on the front end and infanticide on the backend.


So it wasn't even wrong on the policy. Hey, then the media got very angry at Trump saying true things that he's not allowed to say, because that's the way this works. If a Democrat, if a Democrat were to say similar things, it'd be totally fine. If Trump says it, it's very bad. So for example, Trump explained why Kamala Harris is rising in the polls. Now, if Kamala said the exact same thing, it would be slay queen, play Beyonce's freedom and walk out that door snapping your fingers in a Z formation. Let's just do the, but if Trump says that he's a racist or something, here we go. What do you attribute her rising in the polls? It's becoming a more competitive race since she's Taken over. Well, she's a woman. She represents certain groups of people.


Well, yes. And they're all like, oh my God. He pointed out she's a woman. That's her entire campaign. Her entire campaign is she's a woman. Joe Biden explicitly picked her for VP because she's a woman now. She's doing the whole own your Power Girl. First woman president. Oh man. And when he says she appeals to particular groups of people, she is the one who literally has campaign zoom calls based on race, sex, and sexual orientation. She's separating Americans by race. She has zoom calls with with white dudes and gay ladies or whatever, whatever the hell it is. But no questions. No questions at all.


You know the media, they need to be fired and they need to be replaced with other people who are better at that. You know, and we have to do that here at Daily Wire, we use ZipRecruiter. Here at Daily Wire, we've hired a lot of highly skilled people to be part of this growing creative powerhouse. We're talking editors, attorneys, engineers, you name it like my man, Justin Siegel. Justin is the show's executive producer, which means he plays an important role in making sure I'm able to create thousands of leftist years every single day. Justin is amazing at his job. He makes sure that all the trains run on time, and he forces me to do extraordinary levels of work for our friends over in Nashville. Well, that's enough feelings for one day. But the facts are this. If you're looking for amazing hires like Justin and our amazing Daily Wire team, you need to go to ZipRecruiter where it's smart technology excels at finding top talent For all your roles fast. ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the very first day today. You can try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Once again, that is ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire.


Hey, meanwhile, Trump said the thing that's unsayable, it's so, it's so unsayable. He said, Jewish Americans voting for Kamala should have their heads examined. Okay? He is right about this. He's totally 100% right. Kamala Harris flirted with people who want to full scale disarm the state of Israel in the face of its terrorist enemies. Yesterday, Kamala Harris is first open statement as the presidential nominee was ripping into Israel's human rights record based on the lies of Hamas, Ilhan, and Omar is openly campaigning for Tim Walls. He ha they literally said last week that they might pick Josh Shapiro. They clear an obvious front runner for the vp and then they threw him out the window 'cause he happened to be a Jew.


When Trump says that Jewish Americans are fools if they vote for this ticket, he's correct, he's correct. Now again, one of the weirdnesses about Jewish identity is you have plenty of people who are born Jewish because Judaism is an ethnicity. It is not merely a religion. Because of that. There are a bunch of people who are ethnically Jewish, but have no relationship with Judaism or anything remotely resembling it. Among these people would be, for example, Bernie Sanders and half the members of Congress who declared that they are Jewish for purposes of not being counted as white people. But the reality is that if you care at all about Judaism, you should have some very serious questions about the Democratic Party at this point in time. Here is Trump And I say it, if anybody I know is Jewish and they would vote for Kamala over me, they should have their head examined.


He is correct. He is correct. By the way, the latest indicator of this, according to the Jewish Insider, for several weeks, the city of Chicago has been sitting on a re, a request from a pro-Israel group told the solidarity March during the Democratic National Convention, even while it granted permission for a coalition of pro-Palestinian activists to demonstrate when the proceedings kick off. Later this month, the Israeli American Council and nonprofit organization representing Israeli Americans seeking to strengthen ties between the US and Israel, filed two applications with the Chicago DOT at the beginning of July. They've not heard from the city. Meanwhile, every single pro terrorist group in Chicago is being given a permit to protest. Meanwhile, Palestinian activist Lila Libba, who's one of the people who met Kamala Harris the other day, she is apparently Rashida Lib's sister or something.


She says that Kamala will lose Michigan if she doesn't cave. Dusting Kamala knows it, which is why she's pandering to these people. So it seems to me if you lose enough voters here, Paris, she probably will lose Michigan. Yeah, 100%. We are being asked to choose between a candidate that supports a far right wing government to carry out war crimes against Palestinians. I think right now we need more than ever from VP Harris, a guarantee that she will adopt the demand of our movement and adopt the demand of this coalition.


Again, these are the people that Kamala Harrison, Tim Walls are flirting with. Not just that. According to the Washington Examiner breaking this morning, Tim Walls on at least five occasions as governor of Minnesota hosted a Muslim cleric who celebrated Hamas' October 7th attack last year on Israel and promoted a film popular among neo-Nazis that glorifies Adolf Hitler, the Imam, whose name is Asad Zaman of the Muslim American Society of Minnesota, joined other Muslim leaders in May, 2023 about mosque security in a meeting with Wall's gubernatorial office in Minnesota, he also spoke at a May, 2020 event to call for peaceful protests with the governor In April, 2019, that cleric delivered an invocation before Wall's state address. Meanwhile, Zaman said on October 7th that quote, he stands in solidarity with Palestinians against Israeli attacks.


Okay, so those are the types of people that the Harris campaign is bringing into the fold. So when Trump says that the scandal is not Trump saying it, the scandal is Harris Walls and what they're doing. Okay? So there are the, so there there's three categories of things happening with this Trump presser, the good stuff where Trump is pointing out the deep and abiding flaws in the Harris Walls platform campaign. The fact they're running away from the press. There's the medium stuff where Trump is saying true things that the media are deliberately misconstruing or lying about. And then there's sort of the distractible Trump and distractible Trump needs to be minimized because as we have said, there's no room for error in this election cycle. Trump needs this administration. Harris Walls will make Joe Biden look like George Washington. Harris Walls is a full scale disaster area in the waiting for the economy, for the price of living, for foreign policy, for social policy.


It is almost impossible to imagine how bad Kamala Harris would be as president along with Tim Walls as her vice president. Horrifying, which means that distractible Trump needs to go away. For a while, there was some distractible Trump at the presser. So for example, he was ripping into Brian Kemp. Again, dude, Georgia is close. Stop ripping into the popular Republican governor of Georgia who has endorsed you for the presidency. Stop it. I got him elected without me. He wouldn't be governor. I got him elected. He was doing terribly. I got him elected. With that being said, I hope we can repair it, but if we don't, the people are still the people and they're gonna vote. We're leading in Georgia by a lot.


Okay, well stop that. Like really? Is that useful? It happens to be largely factually incorrect, but also is it useful or Trump raging about Kamala's crowd sizes? Like is this the kind of stuff that's gonna win you, the presidency? I had 107,000 people in New Jersey. You didn't report it? I'm so glad you asked. What does she have yesterday? 2000 people. If I ever had 2000 people, you'd say my campaign is finished. It's so dishonest. The press and, and here's a great example I had in Michigan recently, 25,000 people and 25,000 people were just, we just couldn't get 'em in. We had in Harrisburg, 20, 25,000 people and 20,000 people couldn't get in.


We had so many, nobody ever mentions that when she gets 1500 people, and I saw it yesterday on A, B, C, where they said, oh, the crowd was so big. I have 10 times, 20 times, 30 times the crowd size. And no, they never say the crowd was big. That's why I'm always saying, turn around the cameras. Yeah, the media bias is a real issue, but the crowd size obsession is not. And this is not me saying that, that Trump is being terrible or anything like that. The point is, when Trump is well directed, when he directs himself, he is an absolute weapon. And that's what he needs to be in this campaign. 'cause this is too close. She cannot become president because of failures by the Trump her by by the Trump Vans campaign.


That can't be a thing. No mistakes here on in. That's the kind of campaign that he needs to run because Kamala is a target rich environment. She is in fact warm towards socialism here she was yesterday, talking about believing in the collective. We believe in the collective. We're not falling for these folks who are trying to divide us, trying to separate us, Believe in the collective, Trying to pull us apart. That's not where the strength lies. The collective, the strength is in the collective. And just say it out loud lady. And meanwhile, she's running away from her own record on everything. Yesterday at a rally, she was like, I'll fight inflation day one.


Well, I noticed that it is day 1,297 of you being vice president and you haven't done a damn thing about inflation. You know, when I was Attorney General, I went after price fixing schemes. And when I am president, it will be a day one priority to fight to bring down prices. I will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging. I'll take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families. I will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans, Rent and price controls and cracking down on all the r and d.


That's her plan on day one. On day one. By the way, she's not been vice president, did you know that? She's not been anywhere, but she's also responsible for every decision that Joe Biden has made. But she simultaneously is responsible for none of those decisions, which is pretty incredible. It's an incredible feat. In a second, we'll get to the walls problem that she has because she's got a big Tim Walls problem too. It'd be nice if she answered some questions about it.


First, remember the incredible film. What is Woman best documentary of the last 10 years? Well, Matt Walsh got the same group of white guys back together to ask America's next burning question. Am I Racist. Coming to theaters this September, Matt went deep undercover into the cesspool of DEI, insanity, rubbing elbows with professional race hustlers and diversity con artists. Some would say he did the work. Well, now it's your turn. The date I need you to remember is Thursday, August 15th. That is when the presale tickets go on sale. That is next week. With your help, we're gonna stick it to the woke mob, one ticket at a time. That's how the theaters know to put it in the theater. By the way, if you pre-buy the tickets, get all the details, watch the official trailer@www.miracist.com.


Also, this Sunday, we are releasing a brand new episode of Sunday Special with Justice Neil Gorsuch. Justice Gorsuch has served on the United States Supreme Court since 2017. In our latest episode, we discuss his latest book, overruled the Human toll of too much law and his inspiration for writing it. Here's a little bit of the trailer. If you look around the world, you're gonna find better bills of Rights than ours. I mean, North Korea happens to have my favorite Bill of Rights. It has everything we promise, all manner of good things, and even my favorite, right, the right to relaxation, which I really need in the summertime after a long term. But it isn't worth the paper it's written on. Why isn't it worth the paper it's written on? Because all power is concentrated in a single set of hands or a single group's hands.


And that's what our framers knew, that men are no angels, as Madison said. And you have to assiduously divide and check and balance power at every term. And when we forget that it, it, it's, it's a danger. I worry about Don't miss this awesome episode of the Sunday Special with Justice Neil Gorsuch again coming this Sunday. Meanwhile, the Tim Walls problems are still percolating and and there are no answers. He's gone too. They're both missing. Like Ellen Page are just gone. They're on the milk carton. Where did they go? No one knows. It's insane.


It's insane. So Kamala Harris is hoping that Tim Walls can prop up that blue wall. Apparently that's gonna be hard when he's still not responding to stolen valor Allegations, according to M-S-N-B-C, the Harris campaign won't even respond to these allegations. They're not even responding to the fact that apparently he bragged for years about being in Iraq and Afghanistan. And according to his fellow soldiers, he abandoned his battalion as soon as he found out they were headed to Iraq so he could run for Congress instead. Here's M-S-N-B-C. No, we've got no comment. None. They are not specifically saying whether or not he misrepresented his, his time. They're not really engaging specifically on the idea of whether or not as, as the Trump campaign is saying that he lied about this.


But they are saying, here's what he did say. So it's interesting to see the campaign respond. The Harris campaign respond in this way. They've been fast about responding. They've been very clear and engaging. When it comes to reporters on this though, we still have a question of whether or not he misspoke in that specific moment or whether or not this was sort of something that he did that was a false hood. Oh, well you mean who lied? Is that what mean? Shall Sandor is saying that it lied? Is this something that he did that was a falsehood funny way of saying Wide Van Jones, again, the only honest man in left wing media, he slammed the Harris campaign on Waltz's military issues. It's conceivable that he's been loose with, with his language or said stuff that doesn't, that's not, I mean, I, I, there's people are human beings on these campaign trails.


And so, but now he's running for a major position. If he needs to clean it up, clean it up. The reality is, if he said one or two things or said some things that turned out to be maybe a little bit too sloppy, fix it. Because he's got a gazillion people who are willing to stand up for his character. He's got gay students who are willing to stand up for his character. He's got people he served with long stand for his character. If this comes down to a character contest between this ticket and Donald Trump, we're gonna win 50 states. So let's just, let's just get this cleaned up and move on. Okay? But they can't clean it up and they can't move on because he lied and he's been lying about his career the whole time. And she introduced him in front of the entire American public as a head coach of football, of a football team.


He was an assistant coach. He's been introduced to the American public. He's a war veteran. He was never in a war zone. That's his problem. Okay? Like what if he said he's in a war zone? That's a him problem. He's the one who's been fibbing about that for literally years. There's a picture of him from 2004 there saying enduring freedom veterans against Bush. He had not served in a combat zone enduring freedom like I. It's just, it's, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. The good news is, again, their pretorian guard will come to their defense or CNN's Brianna Keeler attacking JD Vance's military service. JD Vance actually was in a war zone. JD Vance as a messenger on this may be an imperfect messenger because we have, as you introduced him as a combat correspondent, which was what his title was.


But when you dig a little deeper into that, he was a public affairs specialist, someone who did not seek combat, which certainly the title combat correspondent kind of gives you a different impression. No, that is not what that means at all. I love that the media immediately shift into attacking JD Vans when Tim Walls are the one has been fibbing about where he served. Amidst all of this things continue to not be good on the planet earth, where Kamala Harris is the current sitting vice president and maybe the acting president, because again, Joe Biden is no longer with us. That's the amazing Can I, can I just explain how crazy this is that the president of the United States, the most powerful person in the world today, which means literally by military statistics.


The most powerful person in world history is non compost menis. We don't know where he is or what he's doing. He can't speak out of his face hole and his brain doesn't work most of the hours of the day. And we're supposed to be completely sanguine. Not only about that, but about the fact that his vice president is on the campaign trail answering no questions about what she is currently doing in the White House or how she plans to run things if made president to the United States. This is all crazy towns. It's crazy. It's totally, it's it's nuts. It would've made more sense if Biden just stepped outta the job. But he's not stepping outta the job. He's still sitting around pretending he's the president of the United States and they're treating it like a consolation prize. They're treating this like you can make him President emus and can go to the back room and pretend to be president and play with dolls all day.


Be like, oh look, here's, here's Xi Jinping, here's my doll of Xi Jinping and here's, here's my, I put they can have a a fight. Now look, oh, I there and what the hell is going on? Where is the president? Where is the vice president? These are all empty suits. The system is running things. There is a system that is running things and that system continues to run these things and run them incredibly poorly. Meanwhile, there's still the threat of burgeoning war in the Middle East. Iran continues every single night to threaten Israel. Now they haven't done so because they understand that if they actually go too far, Israel will obliterate their nuclear program and their oil fields instead. They're being quite careful about this. One of the weird side effects of the horror show that has been the Biden Harris administration is that America's allies are navigating to realize they cannot count on America and they're going about their business kind of on their own right.


Israel has decided it's just gonna kill its enemies now, and it's not going to listen to the weird mumblings of Joe Biden, which is why they knocked off Ismail Khania, the political leader of Hamas, as well as the number two in Hezbollah. And they made very clear to the Lebanese government that if Hezbollah starts shooting off thousands of rockets into Israel and targeting Israeli cities, that the Beirut airport will be inoperative the first hour the electrical grid will be operative, that's will be inoperative. That same exact hour, that basically all of Lebanon will be shut down. Israel has made that perfectly clear. The Biden administration fearing exactly that has now gone and done the right thing and told Iran, if you do this, things are gonna be very bad for you because we can't keep Israel on the chain. Well, you know what would've been nice is if they had done this from the beginning, this entire war would've been over in March if the Biden administration did not intervened on behalf of the Iranians.


Pretty incredible work there by, by Biden Harris. Meanwhile, over in Ukraine, the Ukrainians are saying, we're not gonna wait around for the United States to get tasking gear. According to the Washington Post, Ukrainian troops battled for a Thursday, Thursday in Russia's curse region occupying villages in part of a town. And what has become the western backed military's largest cross border incursion since the Kremlin invasion in 2022, US Ukrainian and Russian officials all acknowledged the ongoing attack, which stunned Moscow and appeared to involve the use of armored fighting vehicles donated to kyiv by the United States and its European partners, a development that drew no immediate objection from the Biden administration. Despite its past restrictions on such use of American weaponry, it looks very much as though the Ukrainians were like, you know what?


We're gonna do what we gotta do. And if you don't like it, tough And you know what? Good for them. Because the fact is that the United States has been a horrifyingly bad ally to most of its allies all over the world during the Biden Harris administration. But no questions for Joe Biden and no questions for Kamala Harris. That's the important thing. They must never be forced to answer a single question at any point. Well, one piece of good news here, we talked about this yesterday. It was breaking news after the show, but we've talked on the show about Global Alliance for Responsible Media. You'll remember that I testified before Congress about the Global Alliance for Responsible Media. It's effectively a third party censorship group. All of the advertising agencies, 90% of all advertising dollars made themselves subject to GAR M standards. GAR M standards were subjective standards whereby effectively all left wing programming was deemed advertiser safe.


And all right wing programming was deemed advertiser unfriendly. And this deprived add dollars to pretty much everybody on the right side of the aisle. The Daily Wire to Breitbart, to Fox News, to X to Twitter. Well now GM has shut down. We expose them. The House Judiciary Committee, we hear at Daily Wire, Elon Musk Rumble, which threatened to sue them. Everyone came together to fight. And Gar RM is no more. According to the New York Times and influential advertising industry groups said it would shut down after being sued this week by X Elon Musk's social media company, GM told its members who would cease operations two days after Musk accused the group of orchestrating a boycott against X. While the World Federation of Advertisers denied that GM's work had run afoul of the law, it said the nonprofit did not have the financial resources to continue operating while at Fights X in court.


Now, the reality is what happened here is that Gar was humiliated. Its advertising partners were humiliated because it turns out that most people aren't real fond of advertisers boycotting one side of the aisle. It makes them a little annoyed and the advertisers don't like that kind of blowback. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. We at The, Daily, Wire have been actively fighting this in the courts, in Congress, in the public eye. We're very proud of that particular victory. It is good for the country. Meanwhile, the situation in the UK continues to be horrifying, mainly because the UK government has decided that the big threat to the UK is freedom. Freedom is the big threat, not mass migration, not the shifting cultural overlay in the uk, thanks to the insane migration policy of the British government over the course of the last two decades.


The big threat is censorship. It's the, the, the, the big threat is the, is freedom of speech. That's the big threat. So yesterday they put out an all time Orwellian post, the government of the uk quote, think before you post, think before you post. Because they're basically saying, we will prosecute you if you say a bad social media post. If you say a bad post, we will put you in jail. The Crown Prosecution Service tweeted Think before you post content that incites violence or hatred isn't just harmful. It can be illegal. Okay? Or or hatred. Incites. Hatred. Not just incites violence, incites hatred. So incitement of violence in the United States is also illegal. If I say go shoot that guy, that's illegal. If I say, this person is a schmuck, not illegal, even though you might hate him 'cause he's a schmuck in the uk apparently, if you say that migration policy has been horrifying and that importation of a bunch of people from countries that hate Western values is bad for the country, that might be deemed inciting of hatred and you might be prosecuted, think before you post amazing stuff from the government of the uk.


Sky News said the same thing. They said, you need to stop sharing videos of riots because you might be prosecuted for it. However you, you know, think you're acting innocently on social media, whatever platform it is, you're just sharing something for whatever reason, that could potentially be a criminal offense. And, and look, it, it's not an idle threat either because the Crown Prosecution Service were keen to point out that they've made a number of charges in relation to stirring up of racial hatred online. One of which this morning was for distributing a recording that could in intending to stir up racial hatred. And so they are actually already bringing charges in relation to this sort of thing. So it's a very, very clear message based in the harsh reality.


If you like that, if you do this kind of thing, you are potentially committing a criminal offense. Amazing, amazing. So if you post video of things that are happening in the uk, maybe you'll go to jail. So Iion Hearsy Ali, who knows a fair bit about radical Islamism, considering that she came from a country in which she was forcibly engaged in it. She has a, a fascinating piece over at her blog Restoration Bulletin on July 29th. 11 young girls aged six and nine years old were stabbed multiple times at a Taylor Swift theme birthday party. Three of them died, two in pools of their own blood. One later in the hospital, there is now rioting across England. The response to this rioting may tell us everything we need to know about the skewed preferences of Europe's political elite and those of Britains, in particular, the unabated demonization of the white working class and the failure of the mass immigration project to producer society in which minority groups view themselves and the nation as part of a cohesive whole.


The three young girls were 6-year-old BB King, 7-year-old Elsie do Stanko and nine-year-old Alice de Silva Aguiar. They were killed by a 17-year-old named Axel Ruda Ana, who was born in Cardiff to Randan parents. The police have not yet released any information about motive. In the immediate aftermath, protestors suspecting an Islamic terror attack gathered outside the Southport Mosque. They were met with police and dogs and violence erupted between protesters and the local forces. This violence has now surfaced in pockets across the country in protest against mass immigration. It should go without saying that all violence disorder, which endangers lives and destroys property is unacceptable. There's no excuse that justifies riots attacks on citizens, property damage and arson. This red line applies to all individuals or groups on the political spectrum from far right to far left and just as much to all ethnic and religious minorities regardless of their numbers or social status.


Unfortunately, British Prime Minister, sir Kiir Starmer did not say this. In his statement on the developments. The Prime Minister decided instead to single out what he calls the far right and made a point of stressing the need to keep Muslims and minority communities safe in this speech, which focuses not on the spark, which ignited this unrest, but rather on his Islamophobia and far right duckery, you can see how the Prime Minister might be gearing up to implement his defacto blasphemy laws, which I warned about prior to the general election. Sir cure's rhetoric serves to embolden disaffected Muslim youths by furthering the narrative. Muslims are persecuted in Western countries. It is this narrative Islamist seized upon to radicalize the population and stir young men's violence. The response also serves to demoralize the British population who have found that their extreme concern over the effects of mass immigration falls on deaf ears.


She is correct about all of this, of course. She says all of this is culminated in a sense among Britain's, that there is a two-tiered application of policing that minority communities are treated with kid gloves in comparison to Native Britain's. The moniker, two tier ki has latched itself onto the man who's only been Prime Minister for a month. And again, right about that, she points out the vast change in the status of religion and ethnicity in Great Britain and how this has impacted life in Great Britain. That in fact, importing millions of people who don't like your way of life might not be great policy. And by the way, this is having consequences in other parts of the continent too.


Apparently, a bunch of Taylor Swift concerts just got killed because ISIS was planning wide scale attacks on the concerts. According to Carl Hamer, the Chancellor of Austria, quote, the suspects actually had very specific and detailed plans to cause a tragedy on the scale of Paris, Manchester, or Moscow. Mr. Hamer said that two people who are associated with ISIS arrested less than 24 hours earlier, wanted to leave a trail of blood. Swift had scheduled three concerts in Vienna. She canceled all of them. The Austrian authorities did not publicly identify either of the people arrested, but the main suspect was a 19-year-old man radicalized online, who swore an oath of allegiance to the Islamic state. Yes, it turns out that importing vast populations who hate your country and your way of life might not have been the world's best idea and refusal to acknowledge the failure of multiculturalism on the part of the social and cultural left is going to lead to the dissolution of the social fabric in all of these places.


All righty, in just one second, we'll get to new body cam footage from the assassination attempt on Donald Trump. Remember that time, remember that time somebody shot Donald Trump in the ear, almost killed him, and now you don't remember any of it because the media have obscured all of it? Well, there's more body cam footage showing the dramatic failure of the Secret service and local police. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Make those Moves. Growing up, I never thought much about race. It never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover.


They'll say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert, here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this view. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its both. So inherently. Yes. This country is a piece of shit. White folks. Trash white Supremacy. White woman, white Boy. Is there a black person around or or a black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful in theater. September 13th, PG.