
President Trump is keeping his promises. He's moving fast and he's breaking things in historic, amazing, amazing ways. So yesterday the president of the United States, via his Office of Management and Budget, put forward a proposal that would temporarily pause $3 trillion in spending from the federal government. Now that temporary pause is in fact only temporary. Much of that spending will go forward. But the idea here is to review all of the spending. The federal government is doing any a non-mandatory basis. So there's a lot of mandatory spending in the federal budget. That includes Medicare, social security, many aspects of Medicaid, right? All of those things are going to continue. So are various payments to law enforcement, bodies to defense.


All that stuff is going to continue. What this is meant to do is allow a pause for the various branches of the federal government, which are under the control of President Trump, to actually look at the spending and ensure that they are spending in accordance with the president's wishes and with the wishes of Congress. So there's a big freak out that's happening today. We'll go through it by the left, by the media claiming that President Trump is doing something deeply unconstitutional. Fascistic, here's the thing. You do not get to expand the centralized power of the Executive Branch for full on a century controlling every aspect of American's lives, spending $7 trillion. And then when your political opponents take over and they use that power in order to cut back the amounts of power, the executive branch will actually be exerting in American's lives.


You don't actually get to then claim that he's a dictator. You don't get to do that. You break it, you bought it, you built this thing, and then you can't be shocked when the person who takes over decides he's going to use the instruments that you created in order to actually downgrade the amount of impact that those instruments have on American's everyday lives. So yesterday, the executive office of the President, the Office of Management and Budget, led by Matthew Faith, who's the acting director for the moment, put out a memo saying, quote, the American people elected Donald J. Trump to be president of the United States and gave him a mandate to increase the impact of every federal taxpayer dollar. In fiscal year 2024 of the nearly $10 trillion the federal government spent more than 3 trillion was federal financial assistance, such as grants and loans, career and political appointees in the executive branch of a duty to align federal spending and action with the will of the American people as expressed through presidential priorities.


Financial assistance should be dedicated to advancing administration priorities, focusing taxpayer dollars to advance a stronger and safer America, eliminating the financial burden of inflation for citizens, unleashing American energy and manufacturing, ending wokeness and weaponization of government promoting efficiency in government and making America healthy again. The use of federal resources to advance Marxist equity, transgenderism and Green New Deal social engineering policies today, waste of taxpayer dollars that does not improve the day-to-day lives of those we serve. In other words, we got elected and now we are going to implement the priorities of the American people. This memorandum, according to the OMB, requires federal agencies to identify and review all federal financial assistance programs and supporting activities consistent with the President's policies and requirements.


By the way, this does not include assistance provided directly for individuals. Nothing in this memo, and this is in the memo itself, should be construed to impact Medicare or social security benefits. So all the lies you're now hearing from the media suggesting that individual benefits from these mandatory social spending programs are going to be impacted by the OMB order. That's false. It's a lie, and it's being promoted by people who are lying to you according to the OMB. To implement these orders, each agency must complete a comprehensive analysis of all of their federal financial assistance programs to identify programs, projects, and activities that may be implicated by any of the president's executive orders. In the interim, to the extent permissible under federal law, federal agencies must temporarily pause all activities related to obligation or disbursement of all federal financial assistance and other relevant agency activities that may be implicated by the executive orders included, but not limited to financial assistance for foreign aid, non-governmental organizations at DEI woke gender ideology and the Green New Deal.


One of the great boondoggles in American public life is in fact non-governmental organizations that are being paid by the federal government grants that are going to left wing social organizations on a nonprofit basis, but are being funded by American taxpayer dollars no later than February 10th, 2025. According to this memo, agencies shall submit to OMB detailed information on any projects, programs, or activities subject to this pause. Each agency must pause issuance of new awards, disbursement of federal funds under all open awards, other relevant agency actions, OMB may grant exceptions allowing federal agencies to issue new awards or take other actions on a case by case basis. So again, the lie that this is sort of a blanket nuking of all federal spending, would that at war?


So it is in fact not. So the reality is it is a temporary pause that can be relieved by the OMB giving the ability to give the grants. So what is this? It is a way of taking a harder look at the federal spending that has been going on that has grown wildly out of control, and in which your taxpayer dollars are being used to subsidize groups that, for example, sponsor illegal immigrants or go toward social engineering of the left transgenderism, right? That is the explicitly stated policy of the OMB. Now, does the president have this authority? Well, the president has always had something called impoundment authority. Okay? The question is, what is the scope of that authority?


So what exactly is impoundment? Impoundment includes any executive actions, withhold or delay the spending of appropriated funds. This is according to the Encyclopedia of Congressional budget law and the Congressional Research Service impoundment goes all the way back to the Jefferson administration, in which Thomas Jefferson decided that he didn't want to use a particular amount of money that was allocated to the executive branch to buy a certain type of gunboat, but it was also used under the LBJ administration. According to the Congressional Research Service, president Johnson made broader use of his power to impound by ordering that deferral of billions of dollars of spending during the Vietnam War In an effort to restrain inflationary pressures in the economy, Richard Nixon, when he was elected president, attempted to use impoundment authority to stop a wide variety of spending programs that are pushed forward by a Democratic at Congress.


Eventually, the administration would announce major impoundment actions affecting a wide variety of domestic programs, including, for example, a moratorium on subsidized housing programs, community development activities, disaster assistance court challenges reached the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court did not actually rule on general impoundment authority. It suggests that one particular law had been ignored by President Nixon in using impoundment and that he couldn't do that for that one law. But the Supreme Court has actually never ruled in a broad fashion how far impoundment authority actually goes. Congress then passed something called the Impoundment Control Act over the veto of President Nixon. The Impoundment Control Act effectively says that the president has to inform Congress of all proposed rescissions and deferrals and submit specified information regarding each, and then the comptroller General has to oversee executive compliance with the law and notify Congress if the president fails to report an impoundment or improperly classified item.


If there's a rescission of spending, the President says, I'm just not gonna spend this money. Then the Impoundment Control Act provides that funds must be made available for obligation unless both houses of Congress take action to approve the rescission request within 45 days of continuous session. So perhaps that is what President Trump is figuring right now is that he will effectively rescind the spending. He's got a majority in both houses of Congress and then Congress will just give him the go ahead on the rescission of the spending. Now, the truth is that the question of a line item veto, which is effectively what impoundment acts as, it's the President being able to go through it in Red Line, a particular budget. This has been a bipartisan consensus in favor of this sort of stuff since the 1990s. In fact, in 1996, the federal government with President Clinton and a Republican Congress passed a line item veto through Congress, and the Supreme Court struck it down suggesting that it was unconstitutional.


But according to Daniel Henninger writing back in 2011, here is a list of US presidents and public figures who have used or supported broad impoundment power. Abe Lincoln, Franklin Roosevelt, Terry Truman, J-F-K-L-B-J, bill Clinton, the Bushes, John McCain, John Kerry, Al Gore, pap Buchanan, Jeff Hensarling, Russ Feingold, Joe Lieberman, Judd Gregg, both Paul Ryan and Barack Obama. So why exactly did this happen? Well, number one, after Watergate, again, Congress kicked back against Richard Nixon using impoundment authority. That's number one. And number two, it's unclear who exactly should be in control of this authority. Should it be Congress or should it be the President? Presumably President Trump is gonna push this. And then we will see how the Supreme Court rules on impoundment authority.


And the idea that, by the way, all of this spending is a good idea, is obviously asinine. Yesterday, Carolyn Levitt, as we will see, is an absolute star. She's the new White House press secretary. She of course, was a representative for the Trump campaign as well. She's 27 years old and she's terrific. The upgrade from Corrine Jean Beer to Carolyn Levitt is extraordinary. In any case, Carolyn Levitt yesterday, she held her first press conference at the White House and she said, listen, turns out there's a lot of money that we can cut, including, for example, $50 million that was slated to go to the Gaza Strip to pay for condoms. Doge and OMB have actually found that there was $37 million that was about to go out the door to the World Health Organization, which is a, an organization, as you all know, that President Trump with the swipe of his pen in that executive order is no longer wants the United States to be a part of.


So that wouldn't be in line with the President's agenda do. And OMB also found that there was about to be 50 million taxpayer dollars that went out the door to fund condoms in Gaza. That is a preposterous waste of taxpayer money. Okay? Now, people on the left are saying, ah, no, no, no. That was just for sexual health in Gaza. Okay, I just have a question. Why are we paying for sexual health in Gaza? I was made aware by the left that there is a supposed genocide in Gaza, but they're stopping people from producing people in Gaza. By the way, the population of Gaza has actually increased, not Insub substantially during the Gaza War. What are those condoms actually used for in Gaza, by the way? Believe it or not, it turns out that the Hamas in Gaza have come up with extraordinary new uses for condoms, including blowing them up with helium, using them as balloons and attaching actual inflammatories to them to set fires in Israel, and that that is not even a joke.


That's a thing that they've been doing. And if you just look at the cost on that, they'd buy something like 25 million condoms for use in Gaza. I dunno what they're doing over in Gaza, but I'm not sure why we would be paying for that. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Anyway, you bank.


Now, one of the things that the Trump administration is running into, and this is clear, every time they make an action, an executive order goes down. There is what we call malicious compliance. I talked a little bit about this yesterday. Malicious compliance is where you opposing the President's agenda. Pick a bad example of where the president's agenda should not apply and you apply it there. So for example, in the Department of Defense, if there is an executive action that goes out banning DEI in the Department of Defense, some low level staffer will quote unquote maliciously comply by saying that now nobody can teach about the t Tuskegee airmen. And it turns out that that's not what Trump meant at all. And Department of Defense head, Pete Hegseth immediately rescinds that particular stupid application of the executive order.


A malicious compliance has become a way for so-called deep staters, meaning career employees in the executive branch who don't like President Trump or his agenda to try to thwart that agenda with bad head headlines. And one example of that came yesterday when there was a temporary shutdown of the Medicaid enrollment website. Now, do you think that President Trump wants the bad headline of shutting down the Medicaid enrollment website when he put forward this OMB executive action, do you think? Do you think that that's actually what he, of course not. Of course not. And actually, within hours, president Trump and the White House immediately addressed this. Carolyn Levitt put out a tweet. Well, the White House is aware of the Medicaid website portal outage. We have confirmed no payments have been affected. They're still being processed and sent. We expect the portal will be back online shortly.


Now, again, one of the things that's happening here is you have members of the deep state who are coordinating with the media to do things like this and then claim that the end of the world is not. So you'll hear lots of headlines over the course of this week about how various nonprofit programs will have to shut down in lieu of the federal aid, because if they don't get that aid today, then well they, they're gonna have to shut. That's not the way the grants work. Typically, grants are annual, okay? That means that people budget for longer than a week. You don't get a check from the government every month if you're a nonprofit governmental organization, typically it comes in a lump sum at the beginning of the year, okay? But people are gonna play it as though everyone is going to die this week if the temporary pause goes forward.


Earlier in the day, political reported that trump's freeze on federal aid and grants is still reverberating as the gears of government churn out the real world impact of the administration's broad order. But again, what you are seeing mostly is just malicious compliance here from various people inside the so-called Deep State attempts to sort of humiliate the Trump administration. The Medicaid portal story, which was the biggest story yesterday in the mainstream media, was just silly. It was up and running again within hours. And clearly what happened is that there was somebody who's in the Medicaid system who decided that pretending that they were complying with Trump's order, they were gonna shut down the website to create something humiliating for President Trump. Now, meanwhile, a lot of this is gonna end up in the courts.


As I suggested. The question of just far just how far impoundment control goes is an open legal question. A federal judge, according to CNBC, has paused until next week, the Trump administration order that would've frozen the issuance of existing federal grants and loans until agencies have vetted them. The judge name is Lauren Ali Kahn ruled during a hearing conducted on Zoom that they would have to prevent the shutdowns of the freezing orders. Ali Kahn said her administrative state would expire 5:00 PM Eastern Time Monday, unless she decides to grant a temporary restraining order as requested by plaintiffs who filed a lawsuit earlier in the day challenging the Trump's administration's actions. Now, again, one of the things that that is very strange about the way that our judicial system has been, has been working during Trump one and Trump two, is you'll have a local district judge, like a low level district judge, issue a nationwide injunction on a federal policy.


I'm not sure exactly how that is supposed to work. Legally. The DOJ objects to Ali Kahn's Ministry of Stay against the OMB Ali Kahn's stay only affects the disbursement of government funds that have already been authorized, not money that was being sought. In any case, this will end up at the Supreme Court level, and that will determine presumably exactly how far impoundments can go. Chuck Schumer meanwhile is out there shouting about how supposedly lawless this is saying it's a constitutional crisis. Let's just get this straight. When it's Joe Biden unilaterally declaring that he can relieve billions of dollars in student loan debt, which by the way is not allocated by Congress, then the Democratic Party is totally fine with it.


When President Trump says, I'm not going to spend the money that you sent here until it actually complies with the will of the American people, apparently that's a constitutional threat to the order, says, Chuck Schumer, this disastrous Senate minority leader, The Trump administration, is robbing Peter to pay the billionaires American families. Make no mistake about it. The money being taken from them will be spent but not on them. Instead of going to support for your community, it's going to the ultra wealthy and the mega corporations. It's, this is cruelty, this is lawlessness.


This is a heist done on a national scale. No matter how much he may believe he does, the president does not have the authority to ignore the law, and we're gonna fight this in every way that we can. By the way, I love the Democrat's definition of a heist. So according to Democrats, a heist is not when you steal American taxpayer dollars to pay the bills of the gender studies major at Wellesley, that's not a heist. What is a heist is when the President of the United States refuses to spend taxpayer dollars on nonsense that is somehow stealing from you, the taxpayer. So spending your money on crap that's not stealing from you, not spending your money on crap that's stealing from you, according to Chuck Schumer, Senate majority leader John Thon, told reporters quote, I think this is a normal practice at the beginning of the administration until they have an opportunity to review how the money's being spent, we'll see what the extent of it is and what they intend to do in a more fulsome way.


For now, I think it's just kind of a preliminary step. I think most administrations take now, this is going to raise up broader issues of what the powers of the presidency ought to be. So the power of the purse famously is held by Congress under the Constitution of the United States. How far does the executive have the ability to prevent the disbursement of those funds? Well, according to the Constitution of the United States, the President has to make sure that the laws are faithfully executed. Okay, but what exactly does that mean? Faithfully executed? He has independent constitutional authority, presumably to say, I'm not gonna spend this money if I think that it violates the Constitution and then it all gets hashed out by the Supreme Court. But this kinda lives in a gray area of the law that the Supreme Court has never really ruled on.


The reality is that thanks to the vast growth of the federal bureaucracy, there is a reason why the government ratchet only works in one direction when it comes to the size of spending. Until the President has something like empowerment power or a line item veto government spending is just going to increase. 'cause the only way that actual government work gets done is by passing these giant omnibus packages to get enough people on board to actually pass them. And it's always easier to spend than it's to cut. Congress has yet to actually issue, in my lifetime, a serious cut to federal spending. They've cut the trajectory of the growth of federal spending. They've yet to issue an actual serious, real cut to federal spending.


Again, there is a reason why there has been a bipartisan level of support for things like a line item veto, historically speaking. So, you know, we'll see how the Supreme Court rules on all this media, of course, of trying to play this up. It's gonna be chaos. Everyone will die just like everyone died of net neutrality during the first Trump term. Here's Dana Bash over at CNN and she's panicked. Obviously. I frankly think this is what we predicted when those of us who campaigned saying President Trump would cause chaos, would do so, and here we are. Yeah, and look, I think that he, he would agree with you. Chaos is what he wants, which is why he's doing this. The question is what comes after that?


Okay, well, this idea that that Trump wants chaos, I don't understand why it's, why it's suddenly considered normal or non chaos to spend trillions of dollars on absolute sheer trash. And this is the gap that exists between Normie America and non normie America. The media elites on the coasts, for them normal is spending trillions of dollars on absolute nonsense for normies. It turns out that not spending the dollars on the nonsense, that would be more normal than spending the dollars on the nonsense. Stephen Miller, who is a very aggressive defender of the President's agenda, and lemme just say at this point, I have never seen an administration that has more able defenders of its agenda than the Trump administration.


It really is an amazing thing.


Are You looking for a better quality meat? Good Ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed, oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year, plus $40 off. That's Good. Ranchers dot com promo code Daily Wire, Good Ranchers, American Meat delivered.


As I said before, Carolyn Lovett the new White House press secretary. She's terrific at her job. She's great. Steven Miller is a very aggressive defender and a very effective defender of the president's agenda. Tom Holman speaking on immigration. JD Vance obviously was like made in a laboratory to deal with legacy media. President Trump himself, I'm old enough to remember the Bush administration when George W. Bush somehow seemed to think that it was beneath him and beneath the Republicans to actually defend their agenda aggressively, that it was somehow not Marcus of Queensbury rules. Trump administration. People do not have these same hangups. They go with the media and then they refuse to accept the premise of the question and they fight. Back. Here was Steven Miller, for example, with Jake Tapper on the spending freeze.


I just wanna make sure I understand. So anybody out there that provides school lunches, anybody out there that Yeah, There's no, there's zero impact on public benefit programs. Full stop as OMB is made clear, and I just wanna, but I wanna really drill down on this, Jake, 'cause it's so important. There's 2 million employees in the federal government. Overwhelmingly, the career federal service in this country is far left, left wing. I don't the am American people, I don't know that to be a fact. Well, I'll give you a great example. We looked at U-S-A-I-D as an example. That's 98%. 98% of the workforce either donated to Kamala Harris or another left wing candidate, just as an example. Okay? But Lemme just, but you're demon demonizing an entire workforce is having a, wait, wait.


Whoa, whoa, whoa. Did you just say that saying someone voted for Kamala Harris is demonizing them? No. So according your, Your suggestion is that there's a bias No, You're suggestion. You used the word demonizing. You just said that. I'm demonizing somebody by saying they voted for Kamala Harris. Let's get back on track. But I just, I I'm, I am on track. Okay, let me stay on track. What I'm saying to you is this, there are 2 million employees in the federal government, right? They're overwhelmingly left of centered the American people. I gotta finish the sentence, okay. I gotta finish the sentence. The American people voted for dramatic change implemented by Donald Trump. So it is essential for him to get control of government, to establish a whole of government process for Donald Trump's political appointees to review discretionary grants of spending for pet projects that are not directed by Congress.


Okay. Th that, that's exactly right. That's exactly right. Again, the level of defense this administration is putting forward for its agenda is unprecedented. It's unprecedented in my lifetime and maybe ever. It's an amazing, amazing thing to watch. That wasn't the only big thing that President Trump did yesterday. He also offered a buyout to millions of federal employees. Basically said, listen, if you don't wish to work for me, great. Here's the check. Don't let the door hit you on the way out. According to NBC News, president Trump's administration is offering federal workers the chance to take a deferred resignation, which would mean they agreed to resign right now, but they get paid through September. A senior administration official told the NBC news, they expect five to 10% of the federal workforce to quit, which they estimate could lead to around a hundred billion dollars in savings.


All full-time federal employees are eligible, except for members of the military, employees of the US Postal Service positions related to immigration enforcement and national security and other jobs excluded by the agencies. White House Press Secretary Levit said a statement quote, American taxpayers pay for the salaries of federal government employees and therefore deserve employees working on their behalf, who actually show up to work in our wonderful federal buildings, also paid for by taxpayers. If they don't wanna work in the office and contribute to making America great again, they're free to choose a different line of work. The Trump administration will provide a very generous payout of eight months. That is correct, and that is good. There's an email that was sent out to all federal employees, including a draft resignation letter for them to sign. It said, quote, if you choose to remain in your current position, we thank you for your renewed focus on serving the American people to the best of your abilities and look forward to working together as part of an improved federal workforce.


At this time, we cannot give you full assurance regarding the certainty of your position or agency, but should your position be eliminated, you'll be treated with dignity and will be afforded the protections in place for such positions if they resign under the program. You'll retain all pay and benefits regardless of your daily workload, and will be exempted from all applicable in-person work requirements until September 30th, 2025. So basically show up to work or you can leave. You can also leave naturally. The left is fighting mad about this because they're afraid that a bunch of people will take the buyout. A FGE, national President, Everett Kelly, ripped into the Trump email saying, quote, it should not be viewed as voluntary. Quote. The number of civil servants hasn't meaningfully changed since the seventies, but there are more Americans than ever who rely on government services purging.


The federal government of dedicated career civil servants will have a vast unintended consequence that will cause chaos. Okay, I have a question. Why is that chaos? Seriously, if you don't want it get out. If you don't want to be involved in a performance culture, a return to the office, enhance standards of conduct, that's what the Trump administration is calling for. Then here is your payout and you can get out, Hey, that is the email that was put out by the Office of Personnel Management and again, and ringing it really easy for people to resign. All you have to do is type the word resign into the subject line of the email and hit send. That's it. So they're basically saying, listen, we could fire you or you could leave.


Okay? But if you're gonna come into work, you come to work for the administration, which is of course the way to do this. President Trump is also moving to fire Democratic members of two independent federal commissions, which is good. The EEOC, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which they left wing dominated organization established in the 1960s and seventies. Jocelyn Samuels and Charlotte Burroughs, formerly the chair, have been dismissed. He also fired the head of the National Labor Relations Board, the worst government board in America. I know the NLRB, we comply. I have to say this, by law, we comply with all legal standards when it comes to labor. Also, the NLRB is trash, and the National Labor Relations Act is garbage.


I know this because they literally tried to haul me up on charges for suggesting that I would fire employees who tried to dictate the editorial coverage of our company, which is not covered by the National Labor Relations Act. I was joking about it, by the way, and they still sent us an investigative letter. That's what the NLRB is. So Trump has now fired the chair of the National Labor Relations Board, Gwynne Gwen Wilcox. I would hope that the NLRB is completely disestablished. Trump also removed the EOCs at General Counsel mcc, Carly Joe Bride, who oversaw civil actions against employers on range of issues, including discrimination claims from lgbtq plus minus divided by sign and pregnant workers. He also terminated Jennifer Abruzzo, the nlrbs General Counsel.


Good, good. These are career left wing employees, and it is worthwhile for them not to have jobs. Period. End of story Again, Trump is moving fast. He's moving fast and left is panicked because he's not using any authorities that were not available to Joe Biden or Barack Obama. Remember, guys, you built this. You don't like Trump using executive authorities in this way? Well, maybe Barack Obama shouldn't have dictated that he would use a pen and a phone if he couldn't get Congress to do his work. Maybe Joe Biden shouldn't have tried to use OSHA to cram down vaccine mandates on 80 million Americans, something we had to sue him at Daily Wire to stop. Maybe Joe Biden shouldn't have tried to end around the Supreme Court by relieving student loan debt to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars.


You guys built this entire system. It used to be that the federal government was small and had significant checks and balances between Congress, the legislative branch, and the presidency, and the Supreme Court. You guys obliterated those and now you're real sad because it turns out that President Trump is gonna use the levers of power that you put in place in order to crank back the level of government spending in order to crank back the level of government regulation and control. You break it. You bought it. Tough Badies. Folks, I'm sorry this is happening to you. I'm sorry that you built the system that is now being used against you, but maybe you shouldn't have built it that way if you didn't want it. By the way, I, I have to say, I'm loving this.


I am. It is great because no matter how the Supreme Court rules on impoundment, we're gonna find out what the actual story is on impoundment. No matter how the Supreme Court rules on these hirings and firings, we're gonna find out what the actual powers of the presidency are, and I think that's a good thing. Clarity is a good thing. For too long, we've lived in this gray area where the combination of media, democratic Congress, the President of the United States Democrats have been able to cram down vast and vast government spending programs in the name of the people without any checks and any balances. That day is now over, and I think it's excellent. Meanwhile, president Trump issued a historic executive order yesterday as well, protecting children from chemical and surgical mutilation.


I'm gonna declare victory here on behalf of The Daily Wire. Okay? The Daily Wire. There is no company in America. We don't cheat our own horns on this as much as we should. There is no company in America that has fought harder and fought longer and fought more on the issue of the evils of transgender ideology and child mutilation than our company. We have dedicated our company to this issue for years, for literally years. I mean, going back well before, what is a Woman? The groundbreaking documentary made by our own Matt Walsh, that totally shifted the debate on transgenderism and transgender ideology. I mean, I'm old enough to remember when I was assaulted on national television by a transgender identifying person, okay?


For for the great sin of suggesting that a biological male is in fact a biological male. That was in 2015, okay? That is going back 10 years. So I've been on this battle for a very, very long time. I believe that the very famous exchange that I had with a student at a university talking about why isn't she 60 when she claimed that boys could be girls? And I said, so why can't you be trans age? Why can't you be 60? I believe that was in 2014. I've been fighting this battle for as long as this battle has been going on. So has our company generally, there's no company in America that's done more on this. We were happy to push people like Abigail Schreyer when Abigail was pushing her book Irreversible Damage, which really was a groundbreaking book.


We helped to promote that book heavily. There's not an aspect of this fight in which we have not engaged as a company. And so thank you to President Trump for putting the capstone on that. Now we need a national ban on this sort of stuff from Congress. But according to the executive action from the White House, it is now ordered across the country. Today, medical professionals are maiming and sterilizing, a growing number of impressionable children under the radical and false claim that adults can change a child sex through a series of irreversible medical interventions. This dangerous trend will be a stain on our nation's history, and it must end countless children soon regret they've been mutilated and begin to grasp the horrifying tragedy. They'll never be able to conceive children of their own or nurture their children through breastfeeding. Moreover, these vulnerable youths medical bills may rise throughout their lifetimes as they're often trapped with lifelong medical complications, a losing war with their own bodies.


And Tragically Sterilization. Accordingly is the policy of the United States. It will not fund, sponsor, promote, assist, or support the so-called transition of a child from one sex to another, and it will rigorously enforce all laws that prohibit or limit these destructive and life altering procedures good for the White House. And by the way, thanks to our allies in this fight, ranging from Charlie Kirk at T-P-U-S-A, he of course worked with us on the documentary Identity Crisis that was available on ax now was available at Daily Wire Plus, and there, there's so many people who have been part of this fight. This is a giant victory for the right and a complete reversal of the trend of social leftism from where it was even five years ago as a long ongoing battle for this company.


We should take a victory lap on it for sure. Alrighty, in just one second, we'll get to President Trump on illegal immigration and the left fighting him.


First, let's be real. Mainstream media isn't just broken. It is corrupt. They do not report the news. They curate it to fit their agenda, and Americans we're done with it. That's why The Daily Wire exists. We're not here to follow the narrative. We're here to crush it. Our reporters go where the truth is, no matter how inconvenient it may be for the powerful, and we're not stopping there, we're creating the entertainment. Hollywood won't bold movies. Fearless documentaries shows the fight back against the cultural rot. Here's the thing, none of this happens without you. The fight for truth and culture starts with your support. Join the movement today at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe zone. Sit on the sidelines, be part of the revolution.


Well, meanwhile, yesterday a star was born over at the White House, the brand new White House press secretary, Carolyn Levitt is 27 years old. She took to the podium yesterday and she announced a massive sea change in how the White House is actually going to be treating the media. First. She said that there would in fact be a brand new important focus on new media that instead of legacy media being given all sorts of special attention, the new media would be given all sorts of attention. One of the members of the new media was there. That of course, is our own. Mary Margaret Han. She's our senior White House reporter. She was in the room. Mary Margaret, thanks for joining the show. Hey, Ben, it's great to be here. So let's talk about the mood in the room.


Obviously it was very, very packed. There were a lot of new media figures. It was different from the past. Talk about what it was like in there. Yeah, so it was incredibly crowded. I was not expecting that many members of the press to be there. At one point, I had someone press into my back and very close to me in the front as well. There were so many members of the press there, and they were excited for this new transparency of the Trump administration, which we really did not see during the Biden administration. As Caroline talked about during the briefing, there were very few press briefings and very little access to more than you know, the very top legacy members of the press. So yesterday during the briefing, we saw Breitbart get called on. We saw the Daily Caller get called on. We even saw T PSA's new White House correspondent get called on, and Caroline talked about how there's gonna be an effort to include members of the new media in the briefings, including giving them a seat on the side.


So there's gonna be a rotating seat that we hope to have access to as a member of the new media, and we'll be able to participate in the briefings in a much more legit way than new media has been able to in the past. Because as you know, Ben, this is typically given to members of the Legacy press. Often the people in the front rows are the only ones that get questions on that CNN, the Associated Press, Fox, these very established legacy media outlets. So that's really exciting for us, and Caroline made a very strong statement at the beginning of this briefing saying, we are going to be transparent. We're gonna be allowing new media access. In fact, we do have a clip here of Caroline Levitt. She was asked a question by the legacy media asking about standards of truth inside the White House, and here she was slamming the legacy media.


Since you brought up truth seek, I would like to point out, while I vowed to provide the truth from this podium, we ask that all of you in this room hold yourselves to that same standard. We know for a fact there have been lies that have been pushed by many legacy media outlets in this country about this president, about his family, and we will not accept that. We will call you out when we feel that your reporting is wrong or there is misinformation about this White House. So yes, I will hold myself to the truth and I expect everyone in this room to do the same. So, Mary Margaret, obviously there's a sea change in, in how the media are being treated at the White House. Did you have any responses from the legacy media to the fact that they're now being treated, you know, equally and, and with equal status to new media?


Like Daily Wire, for example? Well, there was a lot of murmuring in the press room, but in general, it seems like people were open to the changes. They understood that this was gonna happen. And look, you know, this was not completely out of the blue. Donald Trump Jr. Came on Michael Mole's show earlier this year and talked about how the White House wanted to shake things up. We've heard that from members of the press team throughout the campaign that this was an effort they really wanted to promote. Of course, you know, there might be some grumblings going forward, but in general, just one seat on the side for new media, that's a great thing and I think that's gonna allow much better access. But also, you know, there's effort to allow influencers and podcasters and people with big profiles into the briefing room to help people understand what's going on.


As Caroline talked about, there has been such a shift in trust in media. Young people are getting their media from very different sources, and we saw that throughout the presidential election. We saw that and the way they consumed media from people like yourself, Ben, at the Dilly Wire, rather than Fox News shows or typical places that you might expect that people would get their media. So this is a change and it's, it's fitting to the, the, the media landscape right now, and I'm excited to see how it goes. It's Mary Margaret Han, our Senior White House reporter. Congratulations on actually now being an accepted member of the White House Press Corps. Really appreciate Mary Margaret. Thank you so much, Alrightyy. Well, as we say, Caroline Levitt was a star yesterday. She had a bunch of exchanges with members largely of the legacy media that did not go particularly well for the members of the legacy media.


Again, I've not seen a robust press response by a Republican administration this way, certainly in my lifetime. You probably have to go back to the Reagan administration to see anything like it, and I'm not even sure how good that was. Considering that back then you had three major TV networks and only a couple of major newspapers, and now you actually have alternative media available. Here was Caroline Levitt, who's question about whether the administration would be deporting only criminals or whether it would be deporting all illegal immigrants. Here was Caroline Levitt slapping around a member of the media. Thank Of the 3,500 arrests ICE has made so far since President Trump came back into office. Can you just tell us the numbers? How many have a criminal record versus those who are just in the country illegally? All of them, because they illegally broke our nation's laws and therefore they are criminals As far as this administration goes, I know the last administration didn't see it that way.


So it's a big culture shift in our nation to view someone who breaks our immigration laws as a criminal. But that's exactly what they are, Man. She is good at this. She's very, very good at this. Again, she's an aggressive defender of the president's agenda. She was also questioned by the legacy media about inflation. So the media finally decided that inflation matters, but only once Trump is president. So they asked her about the price of eggs and she went off. Really glad you brought this up, because there is a lot of reporting out there that is putting the onus on this White House for the increased cost of eggs. I would like to point out to each and every one of you that in 2024 when Joe Biden was in the Oval Office or upstairs in the resident sleeping, I'm not so sure egg prices increased 65% in this country.


We also have seen the cost of everything, not just eggs, bacon, groceries, gasoline have increased because of the inflationary policies of the last administration. As far as the egg shortage. What's also contributing to that is that the Biden administration and the Department of Agriculture directed the mass killing of more than 100 million chickens, which has led to a lack of chicken supply in this country. Therefore, a lack of egg supply, which is leading to the shortage. Okay, again, this administration is not being run like prior Republican administration, speaking of which, the Trump administration is now ramped up deportations after a fairly slow start. One of the reasons that the deportation numbers have been lower for Trump is because the number of people arriving on the southern border has absolutely cratered under Donald Trump.


People are not showing up on the southern border. Many of the supposed deportations that were undertaken by, for example, the Obama administration were actually what we call turnbacks at the border. People who would arrive and the administration would simply say, you can't get in. Nobody's even bothering to show up at the southern border knowing that Donald Trump is immediately going to turn everyone away. That CBP, that ice are not going to allow people to use the border of the United States as a sort of porous Swiss cheese zone where he can move through at will. But according to the Wall Street Journal, ice made nearly 1200 arrests on Sunday and just under 1000 on Saturday, marking an uptick after arrest. Numbers in President Trump's first few days were roughly in line with daily averages seen under the Biden administration.


The media are predictably upset about all of this. Steven Miller, again, was on with Jake Tapper on CNN, and Jake Tapper was asking, who exactly is going to, you know, pick the fruit and pick the vegetables? And Steven Miller was like, Jake, the number of illegal immigrants who actually are in the fields picking fruits and veggies is pretty low. O So how do you, how does President Trump make sure that the effort to deport people who are not in this country legally doesn't end up hurting Americans who want safe borderers? Absolutely, but also don't want to see even more higher prices and groceries? Well, I mean, I'm sure it's not your position, Jake, you're just asking the question that we should supply America's food with exploitative illegal alien labor.


I obviously don't think that's what you're implying. Only 1% of alien workers in the entire country work in agriculture. The top destination for illegal aliens are large cities like New York, like Los Angeles and small industrial towns. Of course, all across the heartland. As we, as we've seen with the Biden floods, none of those illegal aliens are doing farm work. Those 30,000 legal aliens that Joe Biden dumped into Springfield. Yeah, I'm talking about the ones that are Yeah, no, no, No, but I, but I'm, no, no, but I'm explaining this. It's important to understand. No, you're kind of changing the subject. I mean, I'm talking about the ones No, I will, I will go, I will gimme 30 minutes, I'll go deep as you want. Explain To. We don't have, Don't you and your Audience, I don't wanna have, I'm talking about the ones that could, that, that work in the agriculture industry.


What I'm, I'm explain, Come back in your audience, talk about the ones in the cities. I swear I'll do the, I'll do the whole answer. The illegal aliens that Joe Biden brought into our country are not full stop doing farm work. They are not the illegal aliens. He brought in from Venezuela, from Haiti, from Nicaragua. They are not doing farm work. They're inner cities collecting welfare. Everybody knows that this is true. This is obviously true, and the agricultural conversation has been a misdirect for a very long time. As Steve Miller points out, we do have temporary farm work that is available for people who cross into the United States legally. That is an actual program under President Trump. But the reality is that for the left, they actually just want unlimited immigration. This is what Sonny Hostin, the idiotic ID of the Democratic Party has to say.


She's on the view yesterday saying, actually, you know what? You're not a criminal for crossing the border illegally. I also wanna make the point that an undocumented immigrant is not a criminal because he or she is undocumented. That is a civil offense. So to call people illegal is in and of itself, I think xenophobic and racist. And In fact, I do Applause from the morons in the audience of the view. Actually, it is a criminal offense across the United States border illegally. That is a criminal offense, actually. But again, all this is part and parcel of what appears to be a, a really kind of lackluster pushback from the Democratic party against President Trump.


One of the reasons that they're having such trouble is because they can't actually decide on what the narrative is. Trump wants chaos. Okay, well, we just had chaos for four years. It's not chaos to say that we shouldn't spend trillions of dollars on stupid nonsense. Oh my God, I can't believe Trump's saying that people have to come into work. Really, that's gonna be your line. Okay. So, you know, they go back to the, well, every so often you have a non atu, the worst commentator over atm, s nbc, suggesting that the Trump agenda is to make America white again, which is weird since he has the most multiracial Republican coalition of my lifetime. As you're seeing in, in the reporting just now, what they actually do behind the scenes they trust will not really get out, and it is part of a different agenda they have, which is really to make America White again was part of their attack on everything from birthright citizenship to any number of programs, aid freezing, various forms of aid that real people depend on.


They have an agenda to make it harder for regular people to live in this country to, for immigrants to have to live and worry about whether they have their papers. We are gonna become a kind of check your papers society in the blink of an eye, and there's no mandate for that. But that is what folks like Steven Miller and Steve Bannon and others around the President actually want, they want to change the very fabric of this country. Something for which there is not that same mandate. Okay? That that's kind of weird since, again, there's no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump is trying to cleanse the country of people who are not white. Like no evidence that that is the case. And he won something insane.


He won almost a majority of the Hispanic vote in the last election cycle. So yeah, good, good luck with that particular argument. The reality is that the only way for Democrats to take on President Trump is to do what John Fetterman is doing. The senator from Pennsylvania, who is in fact a solid Democrat, right? He is a socialist leaning Democrat in terms of these economic programs, but what he's doing is smart. He's saying, listen, Trump is doing what he campaigned on. I'm sure there are areas where we disagree, and when he, when we disagree, I'll smack him, but I'm not just gonna start screaming at the moon. Here's John Fetterman yesterday on The View. Do you anticipate that there's gonna be changes that we should be prepped for, that we we're not thinking about? I mean, honestly, I haven't been surprised by anything now. I mean, he's been doing, essentially what he actually campaigned on, that he announced he is gonna pardon the J six individuals.


He is gonna absolutely go after the border. So there's a lot of things that he's already ran on. I mean, criticize a lot of it, and I don't agree with everything either, but it's undeniable. He actually ran on that and been really upfront. He's like, I am your reputation. And he's, you know, kind of making those moves. Okay? Again, he's being rational about all of this. If Democrats could appear rational, that would certainly help, but it doesn't appear rational. When the Senate Democrats decide to filibuster a bill that would've stopped American funding for the corrupt anti-Semitic International criminal court, 54 people in the Senate voted in favor of basically putting sanctions on the ICC, which is a deeply corrupt, evil institution that would in fact, target Americans and American soldiers.


There's no reason why the United States should be either subsidizing or not punishing people associated with the ICC 42. Democrats had supported this in the house, and a couple of Democrats supported it in the Senate, but Chuck Schumer, the supposed Schumer of Jews, right? This is what he says. This is the guardian of Jews, Chuck Schumer, who's a disgusting, perverse individual in terms of his politics. The Senate minority leader. He said, quote, the bill before us is poorly drafted and deeply problematic. He'll have many unintended consequences that undermine its primary goal. Okay? Again, the the reason that Democrats are, are voting in favor of the ICC is because they are just beholden to the radical left Senate majority leader, John Thon ripped them yesterday over all of this.


The other issue, as we all know on the floor these days, is nominations. And as you all know, the Democrats made a big deal and blocked the nomination of John Radcliffe to CIA last week. Ultimately, he ended up getting 74 votes on the floor, and, and that's gonna be the case. I mean, they can block these votes, but these folks we're gonna continue to press on and get them confirmed, and they can do this the hard way or the easy way. They want to continue to obstruct and delay. We're gonna continue to grind and grind and grind, and we'll do that through the weekend if necessary. Okay? By the way, Democrats are in a state of panic. Senator Gary Peters from Michigan, who would be a very vulnerable seat for the Democrats, has decided he's not going to run for reelection in the Senate in Michigan in 2026.


So that 2026 Senate map is starting to look kind of not terrible for Republicans. It was supposed to be a bad year for Republicans 2026, but it turns out that there are a bunch of seats that are up that are really, really narrowly Democrat. That includes, for example, John Ossoff in Georgia. That seat is going to flip, that takes Republicans to 54. You could easily see a world in which Gary Peters seat flips, and suddenly Republicans have 55 in, in New Hampshire, gene Shaheen, she, she's running New Hampshire, is moving toward battleground status that would take Republicans to 56. Again, the, the, the map does not look particularly amazing for Democrats looking forward in the next election cycle.


So, and Gary Peters stepping out is a bad sign for of them. Okay. Meanwhile, in a moment, we're gonna get to Jim Acosta. Have we seen the last of him? He apparently is leaving CNN, and we shed it to you for Jim Acosta. If you're not a member, become member Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.