
All righty, folks, after an excellent week, why not spend the weekend watching the left squirm just a little bit more. Matt Walsh is, Am I Racist? The number one documentary of the Decade is streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus not a member yet. Head over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe at Use Code Trump for 47% off your new annual membership.


So in just a little while, we're gonna be joined by the brand new senator from the state of Montana, Tim Sheehy, I the privilege of joining him on the campaign trail during the campaign. That dude is amazing. He's just terrific. We're gonna have him on in a little while, but let's begin with more winning because let's, let's be real about, again, I am unaccustomed to this level of optimism. It's giving me a bit of indigestion. I gotta be honest with you. Maybe it's the lack of sleep. Maybe it's the fact that I could only eat vegan food when I was in Tennessee, but whatever the rationale, yeah, I maybe Pepto-Bismol fixes the optimism. I don't know what the story is. Bottom line is, I'm a little optimistic because President Trump keeps making good decisions. It's almost as though all the myths that we were told about how Donald Trump was gonna come into office and then immediately staff up complete idiots around himself.


It's almost as though those were untrue, and we were told that by the most intelligent people, after all, Donald Trump had fired people like General James Mattis. After all, Donald Trump had been at odds with so many members of his prior administration. There would be no one left. He would be forced to dip into the bottom of the barrel. And thus far I see precisely zero evidence that that is indeed the case. The people who are apparently doing the staffing on a wide variety of issues include people like the Vice President of the United States elect, JD Vance, Don Jr. Is on that team. Eric is on that. Eric Trump is on that team. You also have a bunch of Trump world insiders like Susie Wiles, like people like, like Brian Hook is, is involved in the foreign policy team. In other words, the people who are gonna go into the Trump administration are not going to be jokers.


They're going to be very serious people with a very serious portfolio. As mentioned, Donald Trump late yesterday, announced that he would be tamping the campaign co-manager, Susie Wiles is the White House chief of staff. Susie Wees is a very serious person. She's well respected on all sides of the political spectrum Inside the Republican party, Jeb Bush has endorsed everyone from Jeb Bush all the way to Donald Trump has endorsed Susie Wiles, the chief of staff. She's a very serious politico. She obviously worked not only with Trump, but with Rick Scott down here when he was governor of Florida with Governor DeSantis when he was running for governor of Florida. Then she went back into the Trump campaign. She is Wiley, she is savvy and she is knife sharp. I mean, she, she's really a, a, a solid political fighter. According to the Wall Street Journal, Susie Wiles, who led President Trump's presidential run, will become his White House chief of staff when he retakes the presidency next year.


The campaign said on Thursday making her the first woman to hold that role in American history. Remember that time when he wouldn't surround himself with strong women according to Mark Cuban? Yeah, I feel like he's, I feel like she's a woman. I don't know. Just gonna put that out there. Trump said in his statement, Susie Wees just helped me achieve one of the greatest political victories in American history and was an integral part of both my 2016 and 2020 successful campaigns. Susie is tough, smart, innovative, and universally admired and respected. Susie will continue to work tirelessly to make America great again. It's a well deserved and honor to have Susie as the first ever female chief of staff in US history. I have no doubt she'll make our country proud. And again, she keeps her cars real close to the vest. She's incredibly savvy and she is not the type of person who is going to take kindly to people who do not have team Trump's best interests at heart.


So that is an excellent pick by President Trump. Again, she's well respected on pretty much every side of the Republican political spectrum. Now, the question as to how she negotiates in Congress, that one is still open. Usually the chief of staff has a lot of congressional negotiations. The good news for her is that while she doesn't have tons of experience at doing that, because again, she was campaign manager in 2016 and 2020 in part, and she didn't really involve herself in legislative affairs. She will be negotiating with Mike Johnson in the house in the Senate. The Senate leadership battle is still wide open at this point. There's a lot of speculation about who is going to take over as the Senate Majority Leader because Mitch McConnell has announced he's going to step down. There's some rumors that Rick Scott, for example, is, is trying to run for it.


There's more than rumors. He does want the Senate Majority Leadership position. There are some members of the base who are, are very hot on, on Rick Scott, so he's a possibility. John Thon is a very solid possibility. Most of the more established members of the US Senate are probably gonna back soon, or John Corny. Honestly, any of those people will be perfectly capable of negotiating with President Trump and we'll do a fine job in that role. Okay. Meanwhile, president-elect Trump and his senior advisors are privately assembling short lists of candidates for top jobs in the incoming administration. Apparently, Trump's transition team, according to the Wall Street Journal, is being led by co-chair Howard Lutnick, who's of course involved in the campaign. He's overseeing personnel. He's put together spreadsheets with names for the former president to consider among the people who are, who are being considered National Security Advisor.


The names that are coming up are Rich. Richard Grinnell, Rick Grinnell, we all know him. Obviously, he was Trump's former ambassador to Germany and acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick would do an amazing job in that role. Other potential candidates include Keith Kellogg and Octogenarian and retired three Star Army General and former NSA to Vice President Mike Pence, former defense Department official Elbridge Kolby, and Robert O'Brien, who is the last NSA under Donald Trump. Some of the people mentioned for Treasury Secretary include Scott Bessant, key score group founder, as well as billionaire investor, John Paulson, secretary of State. A few of the possibilities mentioned are Senator Bill Hagerty of Tennessee, as well as Senator Marco Rubio of Florida. Both of those would be excellent picks.


Other potential candidates include O'Brien, Grinnell and former Senior State Department official. Brian Hook, who is largely seen as the person compiling lists on who precisely should go into the foreign policy establishment. We'll get to Brian Hook in just a moment because he's been speaking publicly about what the administration's Iran policy is and it is already bearing fruit. They haven't even taken office yet, and action is already happening, happening to bring down conflict in the Middle East. As far as Secretary of Defense, some names that have been thrown out, former Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo Trump did give him a shout out. As you'll recall, Wednesday morning in his victory speech in Florida. Also Republican representative John Ratcliffe, who has served as Trump's DNI, is being put forward as a possible DOD head, or CIA head.


Mike Waltz, a congressman from Florida. He also is being considered as a possible DOD leader, Homeland Security. We're hearing Chad Wolf who'd be great. We're hearing Tom Holman, who would be great. The bottom line is all of these names are good. Legitimately, all of these names would be not just acceptable, but excellent and the markets are picking up on this. Okay? Washington is open for business, as Axios puts it. Mark Andreessen an investor who backed President Trump in this race. He tweeted out this morning that he believes that we are going to be seeing unprecedented economic growth. He says, quote, America is an economic coiled spring. We should be growing at least 4% annually. Ideally six to 8% growth has been brutally suppressed since before I was born.


There's so much to build. The payoff for all Americans will be incredible. That is the mood in the business community. As the Axios reports buckle up, president's elect Trump plans fast action on a business friendly agenda of tax cuts, deregulation, and expanded energy production. Has advisors tell us, by the way, all of this stuff does have a downward effect on inflation because when you have more productivity, that means more supply and that then keeps up with demand and then the prices drop. Deregulation means more investment. It means economic growth. It means more innovation. According to Axios, Trump plans to load his White House and cabinet with business and tech friendly executives and stretch the powers of the presidency to force quick changes behind the scenes.


Trump advisors believe they wasted early opportunities to grow the economy in his first term because they didn't know how to staff. See, this is the nice thing, Trump term two, they know exactly who they have to fire. Trump is gonna take office with a triumvirate. He'll have the house, he'll have the Senate. He's gonna fill his top ranks with actual business leaders. The courts are largely gonna support him. The people picking staff include Elon Musk, mark Andreessen, David Sachs, and Joe Lonsdale. My goodness, what a team that's gonna be. You wanna talk about growing the economy. You wanna talk about a productivity explosion. You wanna talk about people who know how to build businesses and how markets work. You're not gonna do better than that group of people. Honestly. They're all great.


Meanwhile, the other power players are Howard Lutnick, chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald and Linda McMahon, who headed the small business administration During Trump's first term, you're watching a bunch of CEOs come out, basically celebrating Trump's win. Jeff Bezos congratulated him. Obviously, he wasn't the only one. You're starting to see business people get real enthusiastic about what is coming down the pike, and they should be. Meanwhile, some of the supposed regulators, the more extreme regulators, they're gonna be gone. So for example, Gary Gensler, who's been awful, he's the head of the Securities and Exchanges Commission.


He, he's been focused largely on preventing business from making investment. Wall Street executives are happy to see him go. He's going to be tossed out immediately. Some of the possibilities to replace him would be Dan Gallagher, chief Legal Officer at Robinhood and previous SEC Commissioner. Meanwhile, over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is Elizabeth Warren's Orwellian Institution. To crack down on the markets, Trump is gonna install a new leader at the CFPB. One name that has been floated is Todd Zewicki, a law professor at George Mason University, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, FDIC.


The chairman resigned in May. Now, the Trump administration is poised to loosen the reigns somewhat at the FDIC to allow banks to actually do their business. And it is going to be a boom time in American life. Everybody who's in business knows it. Meanwhile, Elon Musk is going to go in there and he's gonna start cutting. According to the Wall Street Journal lessons from the Elon Musk School of Management, shed light on how the billionaire will go about slashing government spending in a new Trump White House. We know, for example, that when Elon Musk took over x, he fired 80% of the workforce. Increasing efficiency is something that Elon Musk is very much familiar with. Now, again, he's not gonna be able to cut trillions of dollars from the budget, but there will be a rare, a rare window of opportunity to pursue spending cuts for sure, and Musk is gonna go through, and a lot of these government contracts were done on a no bid basis.


You could see 'em reopen all of that and bring down costs solely on that basis as well. Meanwhile, federal workers are preparing for costs and they're preparing for the possibility of forced relocation because Donald Trump is talking about taking many of these departments and moving them outside of Washington DC, which is great, gets rid of the entire swamp entirely. So what you would see, presumably is like the Department of Agriculture would move out. You would see other departments moved out of Washington DC Schedule F would strip job protections from many career federal employees and policy roles. So get Ready Trump SCU and the boom is coming as well as the Wall Street Journal says, wall Street has rarely been more excited by an election.


US stocks as capitalization rose by $1.62 trillion on Wednesday, their fifth best one day showing ever following Donald Trump's decisive election victory investors are celebrating, said Jackie Ablin, the Chief Investment Officer at Crescent Capital in Chicago. The enthusiasm is especially heated in a few areas, banks and other financial companies climbed. Investors expect regulatory scrutiny will ease some also expect more deal making. All of this is going to change. All of it is going to be better. I in just one moment, we're gonna be joined by the brand new senator from Montana that is coming momentarily.


What if the wisdom to save our world has been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson brings together nine of the world's deepest thinkers, each with conflicting faith backgrounds. In an effort to unlock the mysteries, this still captivate humanity. From skeptics to believers, scholars to seekers, each brings their unique voice to this contentious conversation about meaning, truth, and the chaos, threatening to consume our world. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these


stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently. Experience the Gospels a DailyWire Plus exclusive series available now. Now, when it comes to foreign policy as well, foreign policy is going to be a very different look already. Team Trump is announcing a maximum pressure campaign against Iran, which of course is the proper strategy against Iran. They're going to dramatically increase sanctions on Iran. They're gonna throttle its oil sales as part of an aggressive strategy to undercut tehran's support of violent media proxies and its nuclear program.


According to people briefed on President Trump's early plans, when he takes office on January 20th, Trump's approach to Iran is likely to be colored by the knowledge that its agents tried to assassinate him and former top national security aids after they left office. Plus, Iran is believing to be seeking revenge for the 2020 Trump drone strike that killed Qem Soleimani, the head of Iran's covert paramilitary operations. People tend to take that tough. People tend to take that stuff personally. He said Mick Mulroy a top Pentagon official for the Middle East in Trump's first term, if he's gonna be hawkish on any particular country designated major adversaries, it is in fact Iran. They're gonna choke off Iran's oil income. They're going to diplomatically isolate Iran. Brian Hook, who oversaw Iran policy at the State Department in Trump's first term, is now in charge of the Trump transition for the State Department, said Thursday, the president-elect had no interest in seeking to overthrow Iran's rulers.


But of course, what he means by that is that the conditions are going to be made ripe for the Iranian people to do what they should do and overthrow Iran's rulers. Here's Brian Hook, again, former top State Department official. He's going to be in charge apparently of not just Iran policy, but staffing of the State Department. That place needs to be cleaned out stem to stern. It is rife with foreign policy dot and Brian Hook means to go in there with a chains on. Just start cutting people. Here's Brian Hook explaining about foreign policy, But in my personal experience, I know that when we deter the Iranian regime, you have the countries that you described who are on the front lines of Iranian aggression, doing everything they can to be a part of that deterring Iran.


President Trump has no interest in regime change. The future of Iran will be decided by the Iranian people. I think we've said that repeatedly over four years. But what President Trump did say in Riyadh was that we will, he would isolate Iran diplomatically and weaken them economically so that they can't fund all of the violence that's going with the Houthis in Yemen, Hamas, Hezbollah, PIJ, in these proxies that run around Iraq and Syria today, all of whom destabilize Israel and our Gulf partners. He of course, is exactly correct about all of that. Now, the an Grover at c Nnn and asked about, well, how are you gonna do the Abraham Accords when the Saudis have said that they want a Palestinian state?


And Brian Hook properly says, Hey, we provided a peace plan when we were in office. It was the Jared Kushner peace plan and it provided a Palestinian state possibility after a bunch of conditions. And we are ready to move forward with that. That's the plan we're gonna use moving forward here. If you look at the, the really important work that Jared Kushner did when he was essentially leading so much of the diplomacy in the Middle East, he put forward a political and economic vision for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians that many Arab governments officially said was a credible good faith effort. And they called for both sides to come to the table. That plan, which Israel endorsed, had a path to a two-state solution.


This war, the October 7th attack by Hamas has really not put anybody in much of a mood to be talking about this subject because obviously Hamas doesn't believe in a two-state solution, nor do they wanna cease fire. And after what Hamas did on October 7th, there are many Israelis right now who are focused on other things, specifically keeping them safe from this kind of evil terrorism that they endured on October 7th. Okay, that is a realistic view of the situation, and let us be real about something. The reason that the Saudi foreign minister has been talking about the Palestinian state so much is because Joe Biden has been talking about the Palestinian state so much is it is not possible for the Saudi Kingdom to be anti Palestinian state more than the Americans.


Well, the reality is, do you think the Saudis want a Palestinian state that will be sponsored, funded giant terror apparatus against Saudi? Because that's, that's who would be fun. Iran would be funding that, that'd be an Iranian proxy state. You think Saudi wants that? You think anyone in the region wants that except for Iran? The answer of course is no. You know how I know that? 'cause Jordan is 70% Palestinian anytime they want, they could have a Palestinian state by holding an election. You know why they won't? Because the minute they do hold an election, every member of the hash of my dynasty will be hanging from a crane. That is the reason. Okay? By the way, the, the Biden administration on their way out there doing precisely what you would think, they've set the world on fire. They did, particularly in the Middle East. They set the world on fire that you can tell that the stark difference between the Trump administration 2.0 and the Biden administration, I mean, it is astonishing.


It's truly amazing. So Trump wins within one day, within one day, Qatar, which is a cutout for the Iranian regime cuts, are sort of plays this weird middle of the road path with regard to Iran, where they take, they, they share oil fields with Irans. They're very friendly with Iran, but they then try to present themselves as negotiators with the West, which is why you'll see Qatar Airways that is advertised in Western stadiums and, and all the rest of this sort of stuff. Well, Qatar, knowing that Trump is coming in, has apparently, according to Con News, which is Israeli's public broadcast system, has now notified Hamas officials staying in Qatar. They're no longer welcome, and they must immediately make preparations to depart. That's all it took was Donald Trump winning.


He didn't have to do anything and Katar was like, oh man, he's gonna come in, he's gonna punish us for, for being friendly with Hamas, isn't he probably should kick these people to the curb. It just shows you what a change the Trump administration is from the Biden administration. What's the Biden administration doing? Well, meanwhile, according to the Washington free beacon, just before Tuesday's presidential election, the Biden Harris administration quietly waived mandatory terrorism sanctions on the embattled Palestinian government. Even as it determined the government's leaders are paying imprisoned terrorists and fomenting violence in breach of American law. The State Department in a non-public notice to Congress determined that the Palestinian Authority and Palestine Liberation Organization are not complying with agreements to curb terrorism against Israel and to end their so-called paid to slave program, which hands money to imprisoned terrorists for killing Jews.


Those violations should trigger American sanctions. But the Biden Harris administration used its executive power to waive the sanctions. So they're removing sanctions from the terror sponsoring Palestine Liberation Organization and Palestinian Authority. The State Department told Congress a blanket denial of visas to PLO members and PA officials to include those who traveled to the US in advance, to advance US goals and objectives is not consistent with US. Government's expressed willingness to partner with the PLO and PA leadership and not coincidentally, it turns out the Biden administration's willingness to humor all of the stupidity and garbage trotted out by Hamas and its media allies has real consequences.


So last night there was a pogrom over in Amsterdam. So while you have complete mentally ill people like Jen Rubin over at the Washington Post declaring that Donald Trump the most pro-ISIS Israel president in American history, who won a giant chunk of Jews in New York, in New Jersey, in Florida, in Pennsylvania, in Michigan, while she declares that he's Hitler, actual little Hitler are running around in the streets of Amsterdam beating up Jews. Okay, that's exactly what happened last night in Amsterdam. So what happened is that there was a soccer match between a soccer team called Maccabi Tel Aviv and Ajax, which is a, which is a national team in Amsterdam, based in Amsterdam.


And on the way in, apparently there are the, some of the Israeli fans were shouting rude things about the, I guess there was some sort of scrum in which Israelis and, and Palestinian advocates were shouting at each other and some Palestinian flags, which had been put out there in order to tick off the Israelis were torn down. None of that's good. What is an actual pogrom is what happened after the match. So after the match, apparently Israelis and Jews walk outta the match. They're not protected by police outside the stadium. And from what I am told by people who are on the ground, there were bands of young radical Muslims at basically every street corner waiting for people to attack them. And so you end up with film like this in Amsterdam, they're literally running after people in the streets and attacking them in the streets of AmCham went on for like an hour and a half with almost no police response.


You can see there a Jewish man presumably being kicked in the street. Where are you going Pacific? Where are you going? You know, where are you going? Come, here come. There was film of, of some of them actually driving cars trying to run down Jews in the streets. Sib Barzani. According to the Wall Street Journal, a fan who attended the game said that he and other Israelis fell to the ground as they tried to escape the attackers. A planned demonstration against the Israeli team had been moved away from the stadium. Protestors still tried to go there and then clashed with police after the game. According to Barzani, his head was stomped on as people chanted free Palestine, one fan was being punched in the face, another one being cut in the face with a key.


I thought I was gonna die. Everyone was running like crazy. People were being thrown into the canals of Amsterdam. People were punching and kicking people, including in Amsterdam, central Dam Square. One clip filmed from inside a car driving on the sidewalk, showed it hitting a pedestrian who rolls over it and onto the ground as voice is heard saying, drive over him. Another video showed a man trying to offer his money to assailant who screamed for the children and free Palestine now. So again, just wonderful behavior here by, by the pro Hamas who have now spread throughout the West. Is it, is it when, when you're running around the streets beating up Jews, that that's what you call it, pogrom. That is, that is legitimately like the definition of a pogrom at this point.


It was so bad that the king of the king of the Netherlands, Willam Alexander called up the Israeli president, Isaac Herzog and apologized. He said, we failed the Jewish community of the Netherlands during World War ii. And last night we failed again. Early this morning, Dutch Prime Minister, Dick Shouf updated the president on all actions being taken and added his strong condemnation of the incidents. Meanwhile, Wilders, who of course has been the big winner of the last election in the Netherlands, he said, I just spoke by phone with Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, and told him of my anger and shame on what happened in Amsterdam. There's no place for antisemitism in Jew, hate in the Netherlands. I will do all I can to protect Jews and stop and expel Islamic radicals.


He also added that this is the consequence of what happens when you allow unchecked, radical Islamic immigration into your country. He says they governed for 10 years and looked the other way for 10 years. We're not allowed to talk about Islam as a source of antisemitism. They did not dare to kick criminals outta the country. And now we have a Jew hunt in Amsterdam. Well, I mean, those are the wages of propaganda that was winked at and nodded at by the Biden administration by a West that decided unfettered immigration from areas that hate the West was a genius idea that softness on terrorism was actually going to be of benefit to the West. That's just some of the wages. Well, all that's about to come to a screeching halt under Trump 2.0 because what the United States does has radical ramifications for the rest of the world.


In just a moment, we'll get to the situation over in the


Senate. It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencers shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor


alrightyy. So meanwhile, the Senate of the United States, one of the big questions was going to be if the Democrats took over, whether they were going to kill the filibuster. And Mitch McConnell came out yesterday and said, listen, we have a system of laws in this country and customs in this country, and we're not gonna kill the filibuster. Remember, these are the people who are supposed to be the threat to the system. We were told democracy is ending according to the left. Well, it seems like when you're in the majority and then you say you're gonna uphold the filibuster, that's, that's a pretty good indicator that perhaps actually democracy is not ending. I think one of the most gratifying results of the Senate becoming Republican, the filibuster will stand.


There won't be any new states admitted that give a partisan advantage to the other side. And we'll quit beating up the Supreme Court every time. We don't like a decision to make. Okay. He is, he is right about that. Again, your institutions of American life are safe. They are safe. This is very good. It means that we are going to have predictable government for the first time in quite a long time because I do not think that the Trump administration has any intentions of overrunning their appointed executive authority under the Constitution. Meanwhile, John Thon, who's a, a real possibility for Senate Majority Leader since Mitch McConnell is stepping down right now, this sort of inside scuttlebutt suggests that it's between Thune who would be good.


I know there are a lot of people out there who are suggesting that he'd be terrible and, and by the way, they're kind of using Mitch McConnell as an example of what a bad majority leader looks like. Hate to break it to you, Mitch McConnell is the most effective senate majority leader in Republican history. Like you, like the Supreme Court the way it is, right? You like what President Trump did during his first term? Almost none of that is possible without Mitch McConnell being an incredibly effective leader. That's not the same thing as as necessarily going on TV a lot and being charismatic. You don't have to be Newt Gingrich to be an effective senate majority leader. You have to wheel, you have to deal, you have to manipulate mean, that's what it is. John Thune is a possibility. John Corny is a possibility. Rick Scott, as I say, is running for it. Here is John Thune yesterday, I think going into it there, you know, if you looked at the polls, obviously it was ev everybody expected a tight race.


But it was a, a very convincing resounding win for President Trump and, and literally up and down the ballot. And we outperformed 2020 in 48 states and across all demographic groups and actually did better in, in 2300 countries or counties, I should say, around the country than we did, you know, four years ago. So this was a, I think an example that the American people have said, enough is enough with the Biden Harris agenda. They're ready for a different direction for the country. He's right. Obviously the scarem mongering that is coming from the news industry is, is truly amazing. So you have a piece from the Washington Post title Trump win complicates biden's lame duck foreign policy.


Well, I mean, his foreign policy is trash, so I would certainly hope so. Meanwhile, the Washington Post says, 50 world leaders meets a strategize on how to deal with Trump. Well, I don't know, maybe they ought to form their own robust foreign policies as opposed to just living off American large. Maybe they should stop cowtowing to say, if they don't wanna kowtow the Russians, don't kowtow to the Russians. If your schmucks had actually done what you were supposed to before the Ukraine war, none of this would've happened. Instead, Germany decided to power its entire economy on unicorn farts in Russian oil. That seems to be the predictable response is, is that Russia feels like it has leverage over over Europe. You know, maybe Donald Trump will force you guys back into the realm of reality.


According to the Washington Post, although they'd been preparing for months for a possible Trump comeback, European policymakers were facing the reality. The continent is nowhere near Trump proof. A realization made more stark this week by the collapse of the coalition government in Germany, Europe's largest economy and political heavyweight, while German politics are effectively paralyzed, and while European economies are struggling, policymakers acknowledge there's only so much leaders on the continent can do to deter Trump from launching a trade war to reduce their dependence on the US security umbrella or to maintain American backing for Ukraine. So maybe they should do it. Them say, I know what a concept, what a concept. By the way, I know many European leaders secretly, quietly, a lot of the European leaders, not, not the big ones who you hear about, you know, the not, not the Emmanuel Macrons, the other European leaders, the ones who actually live under Russian threat.


Many of them are ecstatic that Trump was elected because they think that Joe Biden is a weakling because he is. Well, joining us online is the brand newly elected senator from the state of Montana replacing the executable John Tester. Tim Sheehy joins us on the line. Tim, congrats on your big win. Thanks and thank you for your help up here. You know, for those of you know, Ben came up and did a fantastic event for us in Kalispell on the final weeks of the election. And it was events like that that really helped people crystallize what's at stake because we had to save this country and we did, and from coast to coast, all socioeconomic classes, all racist colors, creeds, a mandate was delivered that America wants to put America first again. And that's what we're gonna do. Yeah. So Tim, obviously you beat tests pretty soundly here.


You ended up flipping the seat by some 60,000 votes. 50, 60,000 votes. You know, in, in a state like Montana that doesn't have a giant population, that is a solid margin. You beat 'em 53 to 45 essentially. Those are big numbers. You know, the state of Montana has been a red state. They, they've been hesitant to kick out John Tester 'cause he'd been masquerading for a long time as, as sort of a populist blue collar guy. And I think that's one of the stories of this election is that people who masquerade got tossed out of office. Yeah, the Democrat party, as I've been saying that the de on the ballot no longer stands for Democrats stands for deception. You know, this campaign ran by the Democrats up and down the ticket from Kamala Harris all the way to the bottom were campaigns of deception. I mean, as you well know, at the same time, Kamala Harris was running commercials that were pro-Israel and places that would help her and pro-Palestine and pro Hamas in places that were not.


You had Bob Casey and John Tester and slacking and all these others running campaigns talking about how they were close to Trump's supported Trump's policies. Meanwhile, their voting record beli that and showed the truth that they have been 100% supporters of the Biden Harris Obama regime. So the, the deception collapse, people were tired of the mainstream media complex. Another podcast where I love Sean Ryan, who's a former seal like me, has a great, and he did a fantastic video in the wake of Joe Rogan's podcast with President Trump three hour marathon where no, no stone was left unturned, where he said, what we just saw was the collapse of the credibility of the legacy media complex that has been manufacturing lies and false narratives that have been manipulating the voters of America for 50 years.


And, and, and like John Thon just said, in that audio clip you played, Americans said, enough is enough. We're tired of narrative. We're tired of, of misconstrued facts. The truth is the truth. And mass illegal migration, unchecked inflation, disastrous foreign policy decisions are bad. They're bad for our businesses, they're bad for our families, they're bad for our communities, and we are going to put our interests first. And as you heard me say at our rally, you know, it's been, it's been a key part of my message. It's not too much to expect for the American people to, to expect from their government that they've elected and that they pay for every day with, with more and more burdensome taxes. It's not too much for them to expect that that government should do what's best for them first, and that has not been what's happened in the last three and a half years, and we're gonna fix it.


Yeah, Tim, one of the thing that, that that has happened is, as you say, people have not put America first. When America is strong, America ends up first and the rest of the world benefits from that. That that is the message of President Trump's first term. I think that's what you're gonna see in his second term as well. The business community is ecstatic. They're over the moon about President Trump being elected. I mean, every business person that I know is just excited means that you're gonna have a stable, solid ground to work upon. One of the big problems under, under Biden and under the Democrats is that they can just rip the carpet right out underneath you. Anytime you are, you are trying to build a business. I mean, they can just destroy your business willy-nilly. Meanwhile, Trump is talking deregulation, the Senate is gonna, is gonna be involved, and I assume making the Trump tax cuts permanent may maybe going even further. You know, it, it's gonna be open.


America's gonna be open for business here. That's exactly right. And the business leaders, a lot of whom have you alluded to, it's kinda like the European leaders, you know, they've been afraid to come out and stick their neck out. Thank God free Elon Musk, making an unequivocal endorsement saying, I'm one of the most successful business leaders in America. And I can tell you without hesitation, without question, without qualification, that Donald Trump and the conservative policies he's champion are good for business, they're good for my employees, and we need to put them in the driver's seat because we've seen in the last three and a half years, which is, it really was a more extreme extension of the Obama policies, you know, from oh eight, you know, through 16, which is anti-business, which is more regulation, which is take your fate and instead of owning it yourself, hand it to the government and hope that they do better.


Take your financial fate, take the fate of your business, take the fate of your family and abdicate it and hand it to government bureaucrats who have no accountability. They have no experience. I mean, look at Lena Khan, who's, who's our FEC chair, who functionally has zero business experience of any kind. She's an academic who wrote a bunch of papers and they've been put her on the bridge of the American economy, the most powerful economy in the history of the world, and she's done terrible, terrible things with it. And, and, and, and, and the number one most important single axiom of the American economy, that frankly is what set America apart since day one. America's magic has never been our government or our military. It's been the fact that we were the first country in history to have been based on the entrepreneurial spirit, the achievements of the individual and, and the unleashing of the power of the individual.


And that's, that's realized through a free market economy and ultimately through small business. And what we've seen is a war on small businesses, a war on ingenuity, a war on hard work. And that's gonna end. Donald Trump is gonna get full support from the Senate. It's very clear that, you know, what the Senate needs to be is not a rubber stand for Donald Trump, but an engine for him, an engine to help him get these things done instead of just responding to his policy desires. We need to be a partner with his White House and with his appointees to ensure that we aren't just clearing the path for a bunch of executive orders that can get undone by the next president. Like we've been seeing these last few administrations. We need to pass laws that enshrine these priorities in law that can't simply be undone by the next administration, like securing the border e enough of this executive order to secure the border back and forth.


We need to pass a law that will withstand judicial review at every, at every step of the way to ensure that our border is secure so we can protect the lives and livelihoods of our pe of our people. Now Tim Shehe, one of the things that's amazing about you, you are an energetic dude. I mean, that is a long campaign and I can sense that you are raring to go, you're gonna get in Congress and as you say, you know, senate needs to be an engine, needs to be moving fast because you know, you never know what the next election is gonna bring, which means you got a two year period to do an enormous amount of things, and I know you're gonna be a leader in doing that. Senator Tim, Senator elect, Tim Sheehy from Montana. Again, congratulations and we'll see you in dc. Thanks, Ben. Let's get it done.


All folks just won the left and the first DEI presidential candidate thought their week couldn't get any worse. Worse. The weekend is here and Am I Racist? Is streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus? Did you hear that? It is important. The only way you can catch Matt Walsh in the box office smash comedy. And now the number one documentary of the decade is with a DailyWire Plus membership. If you're not a member yet, we've got you covered. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code trump for 47% off new annual memberships. I should mention, the new annual membership includes a leftist Tears Tumblr. Yes, you need it. It's been overflowing. And if you, if you're short on leftist tears, this Tumblr is the receptacle. You get that you can, you can drink it while you watch. Am I Racist? We've got everything except to popcorn. So don't wait. Watch Am I Racist this weekend only on DailyWire Plus, go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Trump for 47% off new annual membership.


Okay? Meanwhile, the left in a state of complete meltdown. As you can sense, whenever we are optimistic here on the right, the left is very upset. Listen, I understand if you had misconceptions about Donald Trump, if you think that it's just gonna be the end of the world, I get you being upset. Seriously, like we're making a lot of fun. The people I'm trying to make fun of are not like normal American citizens who may have been misinformed or who may have a different belief system. The people I'm making fun of are the people at the top of the heap. The people I'm making fun of are the people at the top of the economic heap who should know better, who do know better, and who are lying when they say that this is gonna be Hitler. When they say that it's gonna be brown shirts, when they say it's the end of America. None of that is true. And they know it's not true. And you can tell they know that it's not true. Those people, I don't even think that it's, it's o okay to laugh at.


I think it's a duty to laugh at them because if you are a person who's deliberately misinforming the American public, we should laugh at you. And frankly, I think we should encourage you in your downward spiral if that downward spiral means that you lose more. Now, speaking of people who just keep losing joy Reed who is not a repository of joy, she is out there blaming Latinos, of course, because Donald Trump won, according to some Mexico polls, 46% of the entire Latino vote. So that means that Joy Reed, because she's higher on the intersectional hierarchy than Latinos, she gets to say whatever she wants about Latino people. Now, Also, Latino men who, despite the utter disrespect shown by Trump and his promise to deport some of your mixed class mixed status families, most of them voted in a 55% majority to make the deportations happen.


Y'all voted with Stephen Miller and David Duke and against your own sisters and chose Kamala, who chose Kamala Harris with 60% of their votes. So you own everything that happens to your mixed status families and to your wives, sisters, and Abela from here on in, Oh man, just keep going with this. Seriously, just keep going with this. Really keep doubling down on this joy read. I really love it. More identity politics, more blaming Americans. Sonny Hostin joins the crew. She is also blaming Latino men now she says they're sexist. That's the real problem. Latinos in Texas, a dis, a district that's 97% Latino went 75 percentage points for Donald Trump. Why misogyny? It's on the, no, it's on the border.


It's the, the crisis is on their doorstep. So, and they were begging people to care about it for years. We need to take some lessons. That's what that was. The lessons are not knocked. Who's there? Oh my gosh, it's whooping. Oh my goodness. These, these folks. So, oh wow. Meanwhile, former vice chair of the DNC agrees, this is Michael Blake saying that Americans are racist. Just keep doing this, please more. Pour it on. Pour it on. Keep calling Americans racist. Keep calling Latino men sexist. Please do it. Keep just yelling at the American people about how terrible they are for not having elected this absolute nothing burger of a candidate on a terrible agenda that Americans hate. Please keep telling Americans how they're the worst people ever. That's a way to victory. Do it, do it.


Democrats, we have to be very clear of calling them on who they is. Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has a project 2025 agenda that wants to implement that. And anyone who voted for those policies need to be clearly countered on that. When you see what happened on on Tuesday, it was people, in particular, white men and white women who unfortunately decided to not vote for the vice president, yet they elected black women in the Supreme Court in Michigan. Yet we had victories in Ruben Gallegos going in Arizona. Yet we had victories in North Carolina. It was the fear of a black and south Asian woman that we have to speak about. And if we're not clear about race, gender, and class, we are ignoring the truth of what's happening in the country right now.


I mean, can I just point out that white people actually voted for Trump at a lower clip than they voted for him in 2020? That's actually what happened. The only constituency where Trump actually lost ground, he lost one point with white voters in 2024, and then he blew her out. Why? 'cause a bunch of people who weren't supposed to vote for him voted for him. But please keep, keep going with this. We'll get tomorrow on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news, conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


How about Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez? You know, former bartender, she coyote ugly over here. Here she is explaining how it's all misogyny and sexism that is responsible for Kamala Harris's loss. The fact of the matter is, you know, this race may not have been decided by any one individual factor, but misogyny is very, very real in this country as another widely known woman of color in office, you know, I knew that sexism and racism were real, but it was not until I got subjected to a national stage that I actually was shocked at how bad it is.


You know, you grow up with it, but there is something about being on the receiving line or just nationally exposed to millions of eyeballs at once, that you feel that fire hose and you actually understand how deeply ingrained it is. And it is not partisan. It is in, it transcends More to tears more. I require more tears. More. More. Okay, so I, I have some more tears for you. How about Professor and New York Times columnist, Tressie McMillian Kapa urging Dems to double down on identity politics, like on Comedy Central because it's been working so well, they need more of it.


Please be my guest. Please. Keep going. Please. As Donald Trump has proven, what he has proven and the way he is won has proven, is that every voter has an identity. Every voter has an identity. And he tapped into one of the most powerful of American identities. He tapped into white identity, right? Right. And he said, you don't need to be ashamed of this identity. I'm gonna give it a name and I'm gonna make you feel good about it. And you don't have to sacrifice a thing. Donald Trump played identity politics like a fiddle. So when you say that the Democrats lose because we pay identity politics, it simply isn't true. Right? This is about whose identities win when you appeal to them.


That means you should double down on the identities of your base. Oh, please keep doing this. By the way, Trump did not run on identity politics. He ran on the reverse. You guys ran on the idea that everybody's a member of a race or a class. Donald Trump ran on the idea that everybody wants American opportunity and you should leave us the hell alone. That's what he ran on. But again, I just, I I keep the, you know, keep going down this rabbit hole, please. It'll be great. I I think that that'll be excellent. Meanwhile, the, the actual tears are breaking out. Apparently Harvard professors have been canceling class, which is exciting because probably the kids are learning more, not being in class than being in class. According to the Harvard Crimson students awoke to a somber campus following Donald Trump's reelection to the presidency.


Early Wednesday, my heart dropped a little bit. One student said, apparently professors have decided to cancel some classes. They encourage students to process in the aftermath of the election. Adjusting course requirements in kind courses like sociology, 1156, statistics for social sciences and applied math 22, A solving and optimizing as well as several general education courses, including the ancient Greek hero and popular culture in modern China, canceled their classes Wednesday made attendance optional or, or extended assignment deadlines. Man, I, you know, one of the more fun experiences of my life, actually, I remember the 2004 election. I was at Harvard Law School during the 2004 election. I remember that night John Kerry, who was from Massachusetts, of course, he had set up his victory party just a few stops away on the line.


And I remember everybody was prepping for Kerry victory. And then of course he lost. And the next day was just a joy. It was just wonderful. I was walking around campus having voted for George w in 2004, and everybody was so upset. And Dan, all I thought to myself was, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. And, and y'all seem real. You know what? I hope that the people at Harvard continue to, to continue to spiral the toilet. 'cause frankly, my alma mater is not in good shape. Anyway, meanwhile, and I, it is fun to watch the celebs. The celebs are also freaking out over at the New York Times. My goodness. I mean, they, they're, they're gonna need some, some serious opiates over there. The New York Times had all the members of their editorial page talk about the worst version of a Trump administration.


What a nightmare it would be. They, they apparently took it from inside some sort of pantry somewhere without any makeup looking like an outtake from 10 Cloverfield Lane. Here, here is Ezra Klein and the rest of the photogenic crew at the New York Times explaining how everyone will die and the earth will explode in a ball of fire because Donald Trump is gonna win. The worst version of a Donald Trump administration is very, very bad. One that is not only extremist, but also effective in that extremism, Emboldened by a series of Supreme Court rulings, you know, perhaps bolstered by support in both houses of Congress.


You know, Trump will fulfill his promise to be a dictator on day one. He sends troops into neighborhoods like my own, to try to round up undocumented immigrants. That he sets up a network of camps, Mass deportations, it would likely plunge the United States into something like a recession. His tariffs likewise promised to spike prices for most Americans and cause costs that go up dramatically. That Version of Trump could result in abandoning Ukraine to advancing Russian armies, could result in extraordinarily erratic foreign policy in the Middle East. I Mean, Donald Trump often talked on bombing Mexico to deal with drug cartels.


People stopped him from doing that, But there's not gonna be any adults in the room this time. The Worst version of a Trump administration seeks various forms of retribution against Trump's enemies real, and What, what a terrible editorial page they Have truly given to him to harass to Mel and undermine his political opposition. This leads to substantial resistance, mass protest, and also drives his enemies into a cycle of radicalization, intensifying unrest and conflict. And in the process doing profound and S that he's the one who talk about the left here democracy. Basically, when nothing we can do by voting or using our existing, I'm guessing institu will reverse the consolidation of power.


They, I can't believe these people see ending if really manifests in the ways that he and other conservatives have discussed them. And I have a great fear that that's exactly what's going to happen over the next four years. Wow. Well, your fears, you know, I feast upon them. I feast upon them because the things that you're saying are ridiculous, ridiculous. I mean, some of them I hope happen. Frankly, I hope that President Trump makes our enemies fearful. I hope that President Trump restores the constitutional order by firing a bunch of people in the executive branch. But most of that stuff is just you guys, you know, getting high off your own farts in the car. So per perhaps you ought to take a second look at your life right now.


You, you got everything wrong in this election. Maybe you're getting that wrong too. It's, it is funny. They make all these mistakes and then they never actually take in the mistakes that they've made. It's really incredible. Nicole Wallace over on M-S-N-B-C, she's announced that she's deleting her Twitter. Well, don't let the door hit you where the good Lord split you, lady. I have this sort of insatiable interest in every bit of wisdom you can impart. And, and as a journalist, I, I hear you about girding ourselves for this moment. As a human. I deleted Twitter today as an act of self preservation, and because I was no longer able to find the things I was interested in and was seeing a lot of things that I, I'm not Mm, well, a sad story for all of you.


Again, as they, as they shed their tears, Donald Trump is just moving forward. This is an administration that is going to staff up from what I see, the staffing decisions look good. It looks like an administration wants to hit the ground running 'cause Trump's done this before. And again, that I'm unaccustomed to this sort of optimism. I'm, I'm just not used to it. Folks. I'm gonna have to take the weekend to rest up and recover and then come back with my a game. 'cause frankly, I'm short on sleep, but I'm high on life because it was, it was a good week. And hopefully next week we'll be just as good in just a moment. We're gonna get to the resistance. Yes, Democrats are trying to figure out how they resist. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans.


Click that link in the description and join us.