
Folks, there is a worldview that has now become prevalent in the United States and across the west. It is actually evil, not just mistaken, actually evil. I wanna talk about that today because it has consequences for our politics and for Election 2024,


first become a Daily Wire Plus member today. Get instant access to unparalleled election coverage from the most trusted voices in conservative media. Make sure to join us on election night for the best live coverage and insights as the polls close from the entire DW team. Got a lot going on that night, it's gonna be an amazing show and hopefully it'll be a victorious show for Donald Trump. Don't miss a single moment of this historic race with Daily Wire Plus as your election headquarters. Head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and join the fight right now.


So there is a clip that is now going around the internet of Ta Hassi Coates. Ta Hassi Coates is a racial conflagration, is author who believes truly terrible things. He's been given pretty much every award that our stupid society has to offer, that our self-defeating white liberals have to offer. He has, for example, received over the course of his career a wide variety of awards. He was given, for example, a MacArthur Fellowship from the MacArthur Foundation. He won a George Polk Award in 2014 for commentary. He was given a 2015 National Book Award for nonfiction. He is the toast of the town.


Hane Hassi Coates is treated as though he is a moral paragon, a sort of prophet of our times, right? That that is, that is just how he's treated. He's treated by the entire media this way. I mean so much so that if you ask him a difficult question, all of CBS news melts down, which is what happened last week. He was on a show, a reporter asked him a tough question, and that reporter then took it directly in the teeth from the CBS News brass. But what Tahashi Coates believes is actually evil. And It is emblematic of a broader worldview that has now infused large swaths of the Democratic Party. Not every Democrat large swaths of the upper elite of the Democratic party believe exactly what Ta Hassi Coates believes huge swaths of the left in Europe, believe what Ta Hassi Coates believe sat Ta Hassi Coates, just so that you know who he is and the reason why he's important.


Again, this is a person who's considered perhaps the leading intellectual light of the left in the United States for sure. And Ta Hassi Coates, he was questioned, as we say on CBS news because he has a new book out called The Message. And this book, the message is basically just a rabid screed about how evil Israel is. Now, prior to that, he'd used the same exact worldview to talk about how evil the United States is. But the thing that's setting people's hair on fire is what he said in an interview with former alleged comedian Trevor Noah. So here he was justifying the October 7th attacks and saying that were he a Palestinian, he himself might have entered Israel and slaughtered men, women, children engaged in rape.


Who knows? Here's Tanana Hassi Coates explaining, And I haven't said this out loud, but I think about it a lot. Were I 20 years old, born into Gaza, which is a giant open air jail. And what I mean by that is if my father is a fisherman and he goes too far out into T the sea, he might get shot. Yeah. By somebody off of, you know, inside of Israeli boats. If my mother picks the olive trees and she gets too close to the wall, she might be shot. If my little sister has, you know, cancer and she needs treatment because there are no, you know, facilities to do that in Gaza and I don't get the right permits, she might die.


And I grow up under that oppression and that poverty and the wall comes down. And I also strong enough, or even constructed in such a way where I say, this is too far, I don't know that I am. Hmm, okay? And they're sitting there nodding as though he has said something deep. So first of all, put aside the lies. Put aside the idea that Israel is somehow keeping cancer ridden children in Gaza for no reason. There are several dozen hospitals in Gaza. Most of them were used as fronts by Hamas. Billions of dollars flow into the Gaza Strip and they're used entirely by Hamas in order to build up terror facilities. But it is also true that many of the people who were slaughtered in the Gaza envelope by Hamas, where people who literally made it their daily business to drive people with cancer from Gaza to Israeli hospitals.


In fact, Yasir, the leader of Hamas, was in jail and the Israelis treated him for brain cancer, healed him, and then released him when he is talking about people being shot for picking olive trees. No, if you get too close to the no man's land in the border area and you refuse to obey orders, then you are taking risk in your own hand. Put aside all of that. Listen to the simple insanity of what he's saying. He's justifying the massacre of October 7th because they are the quote unquote victims. So Ta, Hassi, Coate spends a lot of time justifying the unjustifiable.


If something else unjustifiable, paying the kinds of money that you are paying to the big phone providers every year when Apple releases the new iPhone, the big carriers play those same old games. Sign your life away for the next two years. Get a free iPhone. Don't fall for that one. With PureTalk, you can get great savings on the new iPhone 16, and you can still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's most dependable 5G network. How would I know? Because I have the new iPhone 16 from PureTalk bottom line, stop falling into the same traps and overpaying for data you're not gonna use with PureTalk for just 35 bucks a month, get a limited talk text and 15 gigs of data plus mobile hotspot on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Here's the best part. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider. That's access to our full library of DW plus movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman Mr. Bertram and Run Hide, fight plus Uncensored ad free daily shows, one year free of our kids platform Bent Key and your very own free leftist tears. Tumblr, the only way you can get this special offer is by going to PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO or call and mention my name, stop overpaying for your cell phone plan right now. Go to PureTalk dot com slash SHAPIRO today, switch to a qualifying plan, get one year free of Daily Wire plus Insider.


Now to understand why this matters for America, you have to understand that this is not about Israel for Ta Hasi codes. It's about something far deeper. And when he is justifying terrorism, what he's really doing is saying that if you are a member of a victim class, a class that he as a self-appointed prophet gets to define. If you are a member of a victim class, you have the right may, perhaps the obligation to engage in full scale violence and terrorism. What Ta Hassi Co says there about gazen civilians crossing the border and engaging in rape, murder, slaughter of children, what he says there could very easily be applied to the slaughter of white Americans under his own worldview, under his own rubric. And he's been very clear about this, he's not exactly hiding the ball.


And this is the amazing thing. There's nothing new here. By the way, John Paul Sarra, who's a ridiculous communist French philosopher who was taken seriously for half a century by nip wit, liberals wrote the exact same thing in his introduction to a book called The Wre of the Earth by Fran's Fanon, in which he suggested that the West should essentially accept violence upon itself from third world peoples in order to expiate its own sins of colonialism. That's what Ta Hassi Coates believes. If you are a member of a victim class, you should be able to do violence to people who are members of the quote unquote victimizer class. And again, anybody who's a member of a quote victim class, according to Ta Hassi Coates has literally no agency. And if you're a member of a victimizer class, according to Ta Hassi Coates, you deserve violence to be done to you and and your children.


And again, this is part of a broader worldview that applies to the United States, and this is the part that's so sick about what's happening in the United States. This worldview has been taken into the bones of the left. This used to be a fringe crazy town worldview. Jean Paul Sartre was not representative of the party of say, Hubert Humphrey in the United States in 1968. Batana Hasi Coates is a lauded, celebrated champagne drenched intellectual in the pages of the Atlantic. He's treated as though he has something important to say. So I wanna trace his ideology a little bit here because then you'll understand that what he's saying about Israel is really not about Israel at all. So he comes out with a book called Between the World and Me.


That book comes out in the year 2015, right in the middle of the racial reckoning, right? Because after all Ferguson happened in 2014, and this is his worldview, Ta Hasi Coates, okay? He says about experiencing his, his big example of experiencing racism in the United States is that one time he was on an elevator and someone said something to his child and this was a telescoping of all America's racist history into an incident on an elevator in New York. Hey, here's what he writes in between the world and me quote, as we came off, you were moving at the doddling speed of a small child. The whole book is written as a letter to his child. As we came off, you were moving at the doddling speed of a small child. A white woman pushed you and said, come on. Many things now happened at once.


There was the reaction of any parent when a stranger lays a hand on the body of his or her child and there was my own insecurity and my ability to protect your black body and more, there was my sense that this woman was pulling rank. I knew for instance, that she would not have pushed a black child out on my part of Flatbush because she would be afraid there and would sense if not know that there would be a penalty for, for such an action. But I was not out on my part of Flatbush and I was not in West Baltimore and I was far from the mecca. The mecca is what he suggests is sort of the racial utopia. I forgot all of that. I was only aware that someone had invoked their right over the body of my son. I turned and spoke to this woman and my words were hot with all of the moments and all of my history. So first of all, the overall purple writing is beyond, but understand the incident that is the supposed inciting incident for his realization about race in America.


He's on an elevator with his child and a white woman is irritated. The kid isn't moving fast enough in New York, a place of the rude, he immediately telescopes all of America's terrible evil racial history into this incident. It never occurs to him that maybe the lady's just rude, never occurs to him that maybe she's in a hurry 'cause she has a reason to be in a hurry. No, it's all, all of America is racist and evil and you can find that out by looking into the eyes of another person and never asking them a question because Ta Hasi Coates as an incredibly rich and celebrated author is a victim. And that white lady in the elevator was a victimizer, a racial victimizer, not just a victimizer of the child by being rude, a victimizer in a class sense.


She's a member of a victimizer class. So what does that mean for Ta Hassi Coates? It means, for example, that he doesn't give a about nine 11, okay? He actually says this in between the world and me, it is beyond. It is beyond comprehension. At this country grants the worldview of people like Ta Hassi Coates, any time of day at all, let alone making this person a celebrated author. He's a moral imbecile, but that's too kind because Imbecility suggests that stupidity lies at the root of this. It's not imbecility, it is malign evil. The the worldview that Ta Hasse Coates expresses. By the way, this is nothing new. I've been saying this for a decade. Everybody else is just catching up. Here is what he, he says about nine 11. This is about, by the way, firefighters and police officers on nine 11 because remember, America is a racialist evil country in which there's a white supremacist class and then victim classes and he's a member of the victim class.


So he talks in his book about nine 11 and he's talking about the firefighters and police officers who returned to Ash, quote, they were not human to me, black, white or whatever. They were menas of nature. They were the fire, the comet, the storm, which could with no justification, shatter my body. Now he uses throughout his writing the term body because he believes I, I assume that if he says body as opposed to, as opposed to me. Now this makes it have more import because now it's all about the physical being of black people or something in, in reality. It is just a, it's just a a cheap way of trying to buy literary cred. But he then explains in an interview with Newark magazine that same year that the death of one particular black person at the hands of police so alienated coats, this is New York magazine, that when he watched nine 11 slightly stoned on the roof of his Brooklyn building, he recalls that he felt nothing at all.


You must always remember coats writes to his child that the sociology, the history, the economics, the graphs, the charts, the regressions all land with great violence upon the body. This is the setting up of a victim class that is then justified in doing literally anything. He feels nothing about nine 11, nothing. Lemme just express something to you. If you feel nothing about nine 11 on nine 11, you should not be in the United States. It is that simple. You do not belong in the West. If you feel nothing about nine 11, the gravest act of evil of my lifetime, you don't deserve to be here. You don't deserve to be living off the fruits of the civilization that you are currently leaching off of, which is what Ta Hassi Coates is. He's a scavenger, he's a leach on body of civilization of Western civilization, and frankly, thinking about Ta, Hassi Coates is not great for my health.


There are a lot of things that in fact are not great for your health. One of them is, God forbid, natural disaster hits and you can't have access to the medicines you need. This is why you need the wellness companies. You know, a bunch of natural disasters lately from Maui fires to Hurricane Helene, hurricane Milton. Those catastrophic disasters are taking out entire towns. So what if you actually don't have the medicine you need? Right? Well, that's why you need to head on over to the Wellness Company because being prepared in advance is your best defense against the unexpected. The wellness company's emergency kits completely remove the gatekeeper. They subside panic by providing you with a personalized mini pharmacy in the convenience of your own home. Bacterial infections, staff bite wounds, UTIs, strep throat, respiratory illnesses, you no longer have to be at the mercy of somebody else to help you. You keep a fire extinguisher handy in case there's a fire. It's probably a good idea to have some basic medicines handy in the event you need them. Same mindset, different product. Getting an emergency kit is fully digital, all from the convenience of your couch. You fill out an intake form, a pharmacist reviews and approves it. You receive the kit in two weeks. The medical board approved guidebook tells you exactly what to do. This is preparedness simplified. Invest in your family's self-managed insurance plan. Go to urgent care kit.com/ben, use promo code Ben save 60 bucks and get free shipping U USA residents only. That's urgent care kit.com/ben to save 60 bucks urgent care kit.com/ben.


In that same book, he talks about his generalized worldview. He talks about slavery reparations. There's an article in 2014 that really sort of exploded him on the scene. It was this terrible article for the Atlantic about slavery reparations, and we were all supposed to pretend that it was deep. It was really, really not deep. It was incredibly stupid. Basically the idea was America is a terrible racial place with a terrible racial history. Therefore, black people deserve reparations. He doesn't explain how that would happen. He doesn't explain the pragmatic method by which you would determine whether someone ought to receive reparations or pay reparations. It was simple. Everything. Tana Hassi coats is simple. Not because he's a simple tin. I don't think that he's a simple tin, right? It's easy to, to attribute simplistic ideas to morons.


I don't think he's a moron. I think that evil constantly masquerades as simplicity in cases like this. So here is what he says about reparations in between the world and me. Quote, in the months before the article was published, I felt that I had it last, discovered the answer to the haunting question of why my people so reliably settled at the bottom of nearly every socioeconomic indicator. The answer was simple there it is very simple. The persistence of our want was matched exactly to the persistence of our plunder. I was blessed with the gift and the gift was not simply the knowledge that they were lying about us, about this country, about themselves. But the proof, right? That, well, that is simple. That is simple. Failure equals victimization, group failure equals group victimization.


Now, the problem for to Hasi Coates is that there are an awful lot of members of groups in the United States and elsewhere who have been historically victimized. One of those groups happens to be the Jews, which as we'll see is one of the reasons he despises Israel while to see it wiped off the planet and justifies October 7th. It turns out that when other victimized groups in history and today succeed, this thwart his entire victim victimizer narrative. When it turns out that people of any race act with agency and overcome his historic obstacles in order to succeed, it violates his entire worldview in which victims have no agency and victimizers are necessarily victorious, which means by the same sort of equation that everybody who is an achiever is in fact a victimizer.


And he makes this clear, fast forward 10 years and you're now in the message. Okay? The message is his new book, the one that we are supposed to treat as though it, it deserves some sort of great moral respect. In this book. He writes, quote, I remember watching World news tonight with my father and deriving from him a docent that the Israelis were white and the Palestinians were black, which is to say that the former were the oppressors and the latter of the oppressed. It's the exact same language, right? Same exact language with reparations nine 11 with with Israel. It's very simple. Victim equals black victimizer equals white Israelis successful, equal white Palestinians. Failure as a group in terms of economic and socioeconomic status equals black.


That's simple. According to Tanha, and there's one other element. Victim means you now get to do whatever you want to do to anyone else. Literally anything. Rape, murder, baby slaughter. You get to do it. You're fully justified. Everything is Nat Turner's rebellion. So he says about Israel court, I don't think I ever in my life felt the glare of racism burns stronger and more intense than in Israel. There are aspects I found familiar, the light-skinned Palestinians who speak of passing the black and Arab Jews whose stories could have been staged in Atlanta instead of Tel Aviv. But for most of my time there I felt like I was outside the crosshairs. The attitude in the hotel, for instance, was less n word. Get out and more what the F are you doing here?


So again, he's just telescoping Jim Crow onto Israel, which is absurd. Since 20% of the Israeli population is Arab, half of Israeli Jews are from Arab countries and therefore not white in any technical sense that matter. He's got the model. Everything has to fit inside the model. Now, why is this important? The reason it's important is because Tahashi codes as a lauded intellectual is not actually just speaking for himself. He's representative of a much broader contingent in the American left, as evidenced by the fact that Trevor Noah is sitting there and nodding at him. So Trevor Noah, who had a show for years on Comedy Central, where I'm not sure he ever told an actual joke, he not only does he sit there and nod at Ta Hassi Coates as he says these truly evil things, he then explains that October 7th is basically like the American Revolution, which is strange since George Washington and the colonials did not in fact travel to Britain, slaughter babies in their crib rape.


Every British woman they could find strange here, the the moral insanity of these people. But again, I hesitate to say insanity because I don't actually think they're insanity. I think they're quite saying they're just evil. Here's Trevor Noah being evil. If you remove every context from everything, then everything could go anywhere. You know what I mean? Right? If you remove America's history and America's J America's this, then it's like, yeah, those people who fought against the British, they were terrorists. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? You can call it like, yeah, the Boston Tea Party. That's terrorism. Okay, so we are now back to one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. This was an argument actually made by people like Michael Moore during the insurgency in Iraq.


This has been a deep rooted part of left-wing ideology for a very long time. That the West is evil. Anyone who attacks the west is then necessarily victimized by the west and good. And here's the thing, it is indistinguishable in many ways from the ideology of somebody like Barack Obama who is actually president of the United States. I read you a quote is a quote from either Tahashi Cos or Barack Obama. You choose quote, I know I have seen the desperation and disorder of the powerless, how it twists the lives of children on the streets of Jakarta or Nairobi. How easily they slip into violence and despair. Hey, he compares those, by the way, to the south side of Chicago. That would be Barack Obama indistinguishable from the words of Ta hasi codes.


You see all those kids in Indonesia or in Kenya, exactly the same south side of Chicago or in the Gaza Strip. These are all members of a victim class. These are all members of a victim class according to Barack Obama. Okay? That ideology is spread throughout the Democratic party and throughout our legacy media, which is why it is now emerging. For example, that apparently 2023 CBS news informed people, informed its own journalists that you should not under any circumstances use the term it terrorism to actually describe what happened on October 7th, literally the day after.


Literally the day after. Okay, quote, this is from CBS news. You wonder why CBS news is treating tahashi Coates with kid gloves because they agree with him. This came email October 8th, 2023, quote, reporting on this weekend's violence in Israel and Gaza requires a closer look at the language we use when describing events. For instance, the US government considers Kamasa terrorist organization, however, suggesting an individual is a terrorist may be inaccurate depending on the facts. There are some who believe the attack by Hamas is a justified retaliation to Israeli occupation of their lands. Others believe this to be an be an unprovoked attack on Israel. And as such, Israel has every right to defend itself. That's an email from CBS news. Who knows? Who knows, perhaps the mass rape, slaughter murder of babies per perhaps that perhaps all of that is just a justified attack.


The language of Ta Hassi Coates, the language of Barack Obama victim victimizer. That's all. That's the entire, entire narrative, and it's something we bought into by Barack Obama. It's something that's bought into by Kamala Harris as well. By the way, back in 20 19, 20 20, she was much clearer about this. Now she's trying to obfuscate, but she came out, if you remember, back in 2019, in favor of slavery, reparations. She said, quote, we had over 200 years of slavery. We had Jim Crow for almost a century. We had legalized discrimination, segregation. We have to recognize that everybody did not start out on an equal footing in this country, and in particular, black people have not. Now this worldview folks is rancid. It is toxic, it is spoiled.


But you know what you can't afford is spoiled meat. You need the best meat. This is why you need good ranchers. Good ranchers is not only an amazing partner on this show. They're huge supporters of the paralyzed veterans of America. Every order supports American farms and American veterans. Good ranchers is focused on what really matters. Delivering top-notch meat from American farms directly to your door, good ranchers. Meat isn't just free from antibiotics, seed oils added hormones. It's a cut above the rest. We're talking 100% American beef, pork and chicken. Get this right now, good ranchers is running a presidential promo. Subscribe to any of their boxes. You get a free add-on for four years. That's right, until the next election. You get extra chicken, beef, bacon, or salmon in every single order. Plus every cut is pre trimmed and vacuum sealed. That means less prep work and more time enjoying your meal with family. With my exclusive coach SHAPIRO, you'll get an additional 25 bucks off your first box and free express shipping. Remember, you're not just choosing dinner, you're choosing to support American farmers and enjoy the best meat this country has to offer. So don't miss out. Use coach SHAPIRO good ranchers.com today to claim this presidential promo worth over 1200 bucks and bring 100% American meat to your family meals until 2028.


You wonder why Kamala Harris was bailing out rioters in 2020. The reason she was bailing out rioters is because in large scale, she de, she agrees there are victim classes in the United States and those victim classes have a right to be revengeful on the civilization that houses them. That's, that is the generalized worldview here. It is hideous, it is evil, it is dangerous. And again, it is not in any way anomalous, okay? It is not an anomaly. What Tanah, Hassi Kko is saying, there are people across America who actually blew it. They largely on our college campuses in the legacy media, in cloister enclaves in New York City and San Francisco and Los Angeles and Chicago.


But that is a very powerful cadre of people who believe that, and it's quite terrible. And And, It is, it is intolerable for a country that hopes at some point for some level of unity, for a country that wishes to defend itself for a civilization that is worth defending. By the way, the aftermath of the Tahashi Coates interview on CBS news, which we've talked about this week, the one where he was, he was questioned by a journalist. The aftermath of that is that CBS news after, after that interview between Tony DaCapo and Coates, they didn't just bring in DaCapo for a struggle session in front of the entire legacy media staff at CBS News.


They then promptly informed all of their journalists, they should stop identifying Jerusalem as being part of Israel, despite the fact that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Because you see, to acknowledge basic facts and truth runs counter, and there are a lot of people today who are saying, well, you know, Taana, Hasse, he just makes a bunch of factual errors in his book. Those are not errors. He's lying. He doesn't care enough to find out whether it's true or not. 'cause fact are a T Remember, if you're a member of the victim class, it's not just that you get to rape, murder, And It. If you are a member of the victim class, according to Tan Hassi Coates, you get to lie. Why wouldn't you? After all, it's just a power game. That worldview is evil with a capital E, and we shouldn't forget it.


There are lots of disagreements we can have in politics, lots of them in the West. We can disagree about tax rates, we can disagree about the role of government in our lives in terms of subsidies and in terms of regulation. We can disagree in terms of foreign policy, who ought to be backed into what extent. Those are all rational conversations. What is not a rational conversation is the assumption that if you are a member of a class, the Ta Hasi Coates deems a victim, you get to participate in evil. And we can tell whether you're a victim in this rubric simply by looking at your level of failure and poverty. That is not a conversation that is a cudgel and huge parts of the left are wielding it today.


Okay? Meanwhile, the Kamala Harris campaign is suffering. They're having a really tough time out there as we'll see in a moment. They're now trotting out Barack Obama in all of his glory to do this routine. The the levels of missteps by this campaign are, are truly incredible at this point. So if you take a look at the swing states right now, right now in the real clear politics, polling average nationally, Harris is up a couple of points. But in the swing states, according to the real clear politics, polling average, Trump now has a slight lead in Pennsylvania, a bigger lead actually in Michigan. He leads in Arizona, he leads in North Carolina, he leads in Georgia. And now remember, all he has to do is win North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, which he's gonna win all three of those. And then he has to pick off one of the blue wall states.


Right now he's leading in at least two and perhaps all three. In fact, there's internal polling that President Trump just released. It was a poll conducted by Tony Fabrizio and John McLaughlin. And It found Trump with leads ranging from one to five percentage points, not only in Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin, but also in Nevada. According to that internal polling, Trump is leading by 3% in Arizona. He's leading by 5% in Georgia. He's leading by one in Michigan. He's leading by three in Nevada, one in North Carolina, one in Pennsylvania, one in Wisconsin. Now, again, these are all within margin of error. It's still a very close election, but it is very obvious that the momentum is with the Republicans at this point. The New York Times is now admitting that Republicans are about to gain control of the Senate, and they are, I mean, they're going to gain control of the Senate because Jim Justice is going to win in West Virginia and Tim Sheehy is gonna win in Montana.


And then it's just a question of how many swing seats Republicans can pick up. So yesterday I spent time campaigning with Bernie Moreno in Ohio. Bernie is going to win that Senate seat over she Brown, who's a terrible senator and has been there longer than I have been alive, picking up taxpayer money. Bernie's a terrific candidate. He's gonna win over there. That's gonna make 52 for the Republicans. Last week I was out campaigning in Wisconsin with Eric Hdy. He's gonna defeat Tammy Baldwin. I believe in that race. How do I know? Well, because the last time there was a Wisconsin Senate race where a Republican was even running close, Ron Johnson was running three to five points behind his opponent and ended up winning that seat. Right now, HDI is running dead. Even with Tammy Baldwin, he's got the momentum. I think he wins that race.


That takes you to 53. And then you have Dave McCormick. Dave McCormick is of course running against Bob Casey and Pennsylvania running a really tight race there. McCormick is a terrific discipline candidate. I think Dave pulls that one out too. We'll be campaigning with him a little bit later on. You know, to me, it's obviously very important that Republicans take the Senate. 'cause again, the Ta Hassi kts Worldview rides strong in the Democratic party and must be defeated. And my hope is that Republicans end up with something like 54 seats.


Well, folks, left's agenda is quite terrible, which is why Republicans need to take the Senate. It's the only healthy solution for the country. But let's talk about healthy solutions for you. It's tough to prioritize health, especially if you're not sure where to start. This is why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. This is a really cool device. It's the world's first IT handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget the one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level with the crazy news cycle. All the travel I've been doing recently, the device is a lifesaver. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a advice, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after a workout or a meal, gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step at improving your health, go to lumen.me/ superhero's. Get 15% off your Lumen, that's LUEN me. Use SHAPIRO for 15% off your purchase of the product, LUME n.me. Use code SHAPIRO for 15% off your purchase of this awesome thing.


But even the New York Times is now admitting that Republicans be poised to take control of the Senate and the latest polling from the New York Times and Ciena College shows Republicans leading by four in Texas. That's Cruz over Allred by eight in Montana, where she's blowing out. John Tester Rick Scott is beating Debbie McCarol Powell by nine points according to this same polling. So it looks very much as though Republicans are, are in control. In the Senate races. There is one race that's sort of weird, and that is the reelection bid of Senator Deb Fisher, a Republican of Nebraska. She's running against an independent named Dan Osborne. And that one is looking a little tighter than it probably should, but Democrats certainly do not have the momentum at this point in time, and they're basically admitting it.


According to Politico, Democrats are deploying prominent black surrogates to Michigan to deliver an urgent plea. Black men, we need you. This is one of the reasons why people like Barack Obama are going back out on the trail. Black turnout for Kamala Harris is not nearly what it was for Barack Obama for a wide variety of reasons, including the fact that Kamala Harris is running a really anti-male campaign. Black males in particular are not warm to it. They see her as what she is an upper crust, coastal elite who has no connection to their lives or their problems. They're correct in this assessment, by the way. Obama is out there campaigning on behalf of Kamala Harris. And I have to say, the way that he talks to black men as though membership, again in the black category, means you inherently have to vote for the other black person, is really pretty insulting.


It really is as though all black people have the same experience in the United States, or the same ideas in the United States. And blackness is not a religion like Jewishness, right? Judaism has a religious component. You can be a black liberal, you can be a black conservative, it's a color of your skin. But according to Barack Obama, you need to vote for Kamala because Kamala is a member of your victim class. We have not yet seen the same kinds of energy and turnout in all quarters of our neighborhoods and communities as we saw when I was running. Now, I also wanna say that that seems to be more pronounced with the brothers.


So if you don't mind just for a second, I'm gonna speak to y'all directly and say that when you have a choice that is this clear, when on the one hand you have somebody who grew up like you knows you went to college with you, understands the struggles and pain and joy that comes from those experiences, Notice that at no point does he actually make an argument that she's gonna make your life better or be a good president of the United States.


He simply says, she's a member of your victim class. If she's a member of your victim class, you better get out there and vote for a member of your victim class. This is why I say Ta Hassi Coates, Barack Obama separated by some of their lingo not particularly separated in terms of their worldview. It turns out that's really offputting. People don't like it very much. It also turns out that, you know what's offputting, the absolute disdain that members of the upper echelon of the Democratic party have for Normies, it really is an amazing thing. They're running a campaign where they need to win a blue wall state. All three of these states are blue collar. All three of these states have probably a higher than average number of say, Catholics, which that's true, certainly for Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. And yet Gretchen Whitmer, who is the awful governor of Michigan, she cut a video yesterday with a, with a podcaster named Liz Plank that if this wasn't what they're going for, I dunno what they're going for.


This is, it is pretty clearly a derogatory reference to communion. I'm not sure how else to read this exactly. There've been some attempts to say this is just a a meme that's going around. But for, for those who are not mesters, I mean, you're talking about it too online, this looks as though Gretchen Whitmer is mocking communion by Liz Plank is on her knees in weird And. It is weird. These people are weird on her knees receiving into her mouth, a Dorito put into her mouth by Gretchen Whitmer, who's wearing a Harris Walls hat. That that a stain for kind of normal people that rolls off the Democratic Party at this point is truly an incredible thing. Here we go.


For those who can't see, it's Liz Plank accepting into her mouth, all La communion, a dorito from com, from Gretchen Whitmer who's wearing a Harris Wall's hat and then nodding into camera. It's like a dom sub weird thing going on is they are so strange and they're not just strange. They have disdain for Americans. True disdain for American. I mean, if you're a Catholic and you watch that, I don't know how else you read that, except that Gretchen Whitmar ain't hot on the Catholics. The, the religious symbolism there, pretty obvious, I think to anyone. Meanwhile, how do you really know that Democrats are in trouble? Tim Walls is out there openly saying they should get rid of the electoral college. When you are in an active race for the presidency and you say, we should dump the electoral college, you're admitting you're losing.


That's what that is. You're admitting that you might win the popular vote and lose the electoral college vote. That's the only reason you wanna dump the electoral college. You wanna change the rules of the game. So here's Tim Walls being made uncomfortable, being asked a tough question about this is how bad journalism has gotten. Apparently the toughest journalist they could find was Michael Strahan, one of the few people to ask a difficult question of a Democrat during this election cycle. I wanna go back to something you said on Tuesday. He said, I think all of us know that electoral college needs to go, but the campaign came out later that night and they said that's not their stance. Yeah, Well, it's not the campaign's position and, and the point I'm trying to make is, is that there's folks that feel every vote must count in every state. And I think the, some of folks feel that's not the case.


Our campaign does that. And the point I'm saying is I'm in five states in two days, we're out there making the case that the campaign's position is clear, that that's not their position. Their position and my position is, is to make sure that everybody understands their vote, no matter what state they're in matters. So that's something that you and I President Harris disagree on. I have spoken about it in the past that she's been very clear on this and, and the campaign and my position is the campaign's position. Yeah, he's up there. He is trying to walk it back. Well, he is a numb skull as he has declared himself. In a second we'll get to Barack Obama, his actual campaign, which apparently is making jokes about Donald Trump and then taking credit for Donald Trump's actual accomplishments. First, a Kamala Harris has raised over $1 billion since she entered the race in late July, which makes her the Theranos of political candidates.


You know, a woman elevated above her actual, above her actual credibility and, and actual accomplishments.


But given lots and lots of money, even seasoned experts are saying that Harris's fundraising is unlike anything we've ever seen. While Democrats are raking in cash to push their radical agenda, the conservative movement is being outspent and silenced. But we are fighting back at The Daily Wire. We're dedicated to preserving free speech, defending conservative values, and exposing the truth. The legacy media will not show you. We've been fighting the culture war with films like Am I, Racist Uncensored ad for daily shows from the most trusted voice in conservative media, hard hitting reporting you won't find anywhere else, but to win, we need your help. We need to join the fight. One way of joining the fight, go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Become a member. Help us stand up against the $1 billion Kamala Harris machine and her legacy media lackeys, which are worth at least several billion other dollars. That's Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe.


Also, this Sunday, we are releasing a brand new episode of the Sunday Special with Vince Everett Ellison. Vince Everett Ellison is a political commentator, author, documentarian on the intersection of American politics, race, and religion. In this episode, we discuss the Democrat's most depraved policies, Donald Trump's appeal to black voters and how humility can be found in religious faith. Here's a little bit of the trailer. Until we teach our children that we have to jettison this silly, ignorant ideology that I can only feel good about myself if I'm loved by white America, and I can only be protected or affirmed if I'm protected and affirmed by my government. We will never go any further. If we can ever get that sizable chunk, about 15% of the black vote away from the Democratic party, we'll take them down forever.


And I believe that black men are not gonna go back to Ms. Harris. Don't miss this awesome episode of the Sunday Special with Vince Everett Ellison. So again, Barack Obama is out on the campaign trail in favor of Kamala Harris. He's trying to convince young black men vote for Kamala Harris. He did that by going to some sort of event and then telling them they need to vote for Kamala Harris because she's black and they're black, so vote for her. They, he also suggested, of course, they might be sexist, and that's the reason they're really not voting for her. That, that if she were a black male, maybe they'd vote for her, but she's a black female and they're misogynist. So we'll see how that works out for him. He also went on the campaign trail and then proceeded to be himself. And I gotta tell you, the, the power of Barack Obama is non-transferrable.


He himself is popular. He has never shown any aptitude for transferring that popularity to anyone who's not named Barack Obama. Which is why over the course of his presidency, he lost a dozen governorships. He lost a ton of Senate seats, he lost an enormous number of house seats and state legislatures all over the country. It turns out that the backlash to Barack Obama did not come in the form of a direct electoral backlash to Obama himself. It came in the form of, you know, a backlash to his entire party. So he's out there being himself And. It's not, I I I don't think it's particularly great for Kamala Harris, frankly. So first he tries to claim Trump's economy as his own. See, he, which is, which is pretty amazing, right? So you can't have it both ways either. Donald Trump's economy sucked and he shouldn't be president or Donald Trump's economy was awesome and he should be President Obama seems to wanna have it both ways.


He seems to want to say that Donald Trump's economy was bad, but also it was great, which is why it actually was not Donald Trump's, it was Barack Obama's try to follow the, the big brain logic here from Barack Obama. The reason some people think, wow, I don't know, I don't remember that economy when he first came in being pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good. 'cause it was my economy. We had had 75 straight months of job growth that I handed over to him. It wasn't something he did. I had spent eight years cleaning up the mess that the Republicans had left me the last time.


Okay? So I, I just wanna get this straight. If that's the case that the next president owns the economy of the last president, so, you know, the last president is responsible for the successes. How do you tout Biden's record? Quick answer me that. So if according Barack Obama, Donald Trump's early economic record is because of, of Barack Obama, then what about Joe Biden touting his economic record? Is that also because of, of Donald Trump? Like how, how does that, how does that work exactly? He's, he's so arrogant and he's so egocentric. It really is quite terrible. And then he told some jokes about how Donald Trump is selling Bibles or something. Again, here's the thing about Barack Obama, if you're gonna do the Donald Trump is a, is a conman because he's selling Bibles, you probably should have some respect for the actual Bible, which they think Barack Obama most certainly does not.


There's not a single aspect of biblical morality that Barack Obama really, truly believes. Constant attempts to, to sell you stuff. Who does that? Selling you gold sneakers and a hundred thousand dollars watch and, and most recently a Trump Bible. Yo, he wants you to buy the word of God. Donald Trump edition got his name right there next, next to Matthew and Luke. I mean, you could not make this stuff up if you saw it on Saturday Night Live.


You'd say, well, no, that's, I mean, that's going too far. No, he's doing that. Well, I mean, at least Donald Trump's fans want to buy the Bible as opposed to fans of Barack Obama who apparently want to discard it entirely. This is a guy who called people who believe in God and the Bible bitter clingers. So yeah, forgive me if I don't take your newfound biblical respect all that seriously. And then of course, Barack Obama, roasted Trump suggesting that he has to change his own diapers because Donald Trump is of course really old, which is weird. 'cause five seconds ago he was saying Joe Biden was the best candidate for president, by the way, Joe Biden's still the president. I remember buying diapers. I I, I remember the first time I went in the store right after Malia was born.


I, I was like, what? That's how much diapers cost. I remember changing diapers. You think Donald Trump ever changed the diaper? No, I almost said that, but I decided I shouldn't say it. He's, he's, God, he's so awful. He's truly so awful.


It is amazing that he was a two term president in the United States, but you know, it was under Barack Obama that the country really started to come apart. In any case, the Biden Harris Walls campaign, it's all, it's all one big blob at this point. They continue to fail on every front and everyone can see that. They continue to fail on every front. It is amazing how Joe Biden, who's currently president to the United States, is looking for someone else to blame on the lackluster performance by FEMA in the face of two separate hurricanes. So Joe Biden is now out there saying that Donald Trump is un-American for how he's talking about Joe Biden's efforts on hurricane relief. Which is weird because I remember the entire Democratic Party suggesting that George W. Bush was a vicious racist during Hurricane Katrina.


Well, we're providing now to make sure people have the emergency relief. They need the dollars just to be able to get a prescription filled, to get a baby formula done. All the things that's seven $50 that you're talking about Mr. Trump and every, all those other people know it's a lie to suggest that's all they're gonna get. That's bizarre. It's bizarre. They gotta stop this it. So, I mean, they're being so damn un-American with the way they're talking about this stuff, but there's gonna be a need for significant amounts of money. We're already underway at trying to calculate what the costs will be because you don't wanna mislead anybody. Wanna make sure all the costs are able to be covered. I wanna hear about people calling each other un-American from this guy, this guy who stood in front of Independence Hall and suggested that all of his political opponents were dire threats to the exact fabric of the United States.


It's incredible. Then of course Joe Biden suggested that the reasons for lack of funding by FEMA with all due speed. That's because Congress needs to allocate more money On FEMA funding. How much time does Congress have to act before FEMA or the SBA run out of money? That's in discussion. Now, I don't want to give you a mislead. You, I think in terms of the SBA is pretty right at the edge right now and I think the Congress should be coming back and moving on emergency needs immediately and they're gonna have to come back after the election as well because this is gonna be a long haul to, for total rebuilding, it's gonna take several billion dollars.


It's not gonna be a matter of just a little bit. Okay, so apparently he needs more money, right? Only one problem. He doesn't actually, it turns out that there's still about $11 billion in FEMA disaster funding that has been allocated. According to Politico, it was the Congress of the United States just last month that actually allocated $20.3 billion for FEMA relief. Okay? FEMA has now spent about $9 billion of that. Well, I mean that leaves by my calculation, you know, like $11 billion you guys have not allocated yet. That's a lot of money. So you might wanna allocate that now Congress can come back in two weeks and refill the fund. That's what Speaker Johnson is saying and he's correct.


Was it a mistake to leave and adjourn the Congress for the campaign trail without a addressing more disaster relief funding given the circumstances that we now find ourselves in? Well, the fact is, I think many people have not fully understood is that we did address it and we did appropriate 20 billion additional dollars to FEMA with early draw down authority. So they're sitting on a giant pile of cash and they haven't used it yet. He is right about that. Of course. Meanwhile, Kamala Harris keeps trying to claim credit for some reason for this hurricane. She keeps trying to insert herself in the process and round of Sandis.


If Florida, he keeps saying, you have nothing to do with anything. Why are you even like, what do you have to do with anything? What are you doing here? The fact of the matter is they put out a story saying I didn't take, I didn't even know she was trying to reach me, but she has no role in this process. And I've been dealing with these storms in Florida under both Trump and Biden. Neither of them ever politicized it. And in fact, all the storms I've dealt with under this administration, although I've worked well with the president, she is never called on in Florida. She has never offered any support. So what she's doing is she's trying to inject herself into this because of her political campaign.


Of course he's right about all that and amazingly it is not working. It is not working. Mainly 'cause she's really bad at this and so is Joe Biden. So this entire administration, the thrill is gone. Folks, obviously election season is heating up.


Well. So are these my facts, candles? They're now available at The, Candle, Club. And just to demonstrate how a candle works, check this out. Maybe. There it is. You see this is called fire and sometimes it lights candles. I dunno why they make me do this. Just to show you how a candle works. I assume you know how a candle works, but still it is indeed a candle. The truth is sweet. This season it smells like butter, scotch, and bourbon. It's delicious. If you're gonna have a political conversation, let up a fax candle to keep it illuminating. Use code fax for 20% off. Go to The Candle Club dot com slash ben. Today.


Joining us on the line is Philip at Patrick Precious metal specialist over at Birch Gold Group. Of course, Birch Gold is the sponsor of the show. Philip, thanks so much for joining the show. Really appreciate it. Thank you for having me. So let's talk about the upcoming election. Obviously if Kamala Harris and Tim Walls were to win their economic plan, it looks like it would lead to a certain level of economic stagnation for certain. What do we actually know about their economic plan? Should've been pretty vague on them That she certainly has, and I think it's been by design. She's mostly been talking in vague abstractions about making the economy fair while floating trial balloons her, her focus groups have come up with. So it is hard to pin down any cogent policy. We only know, I think a handful of things. It means more taxes and a whole lot more spending. So Philip, you know, when you look at that spending, what, what exactly are Kamala Harris's fiscal priorities? I mean, if we keep spending this way, what are the, what are the natural sort of impacts of that? Look, the reality is from what we can see, her proposal is Biden Ons 2.0. Literally she's promising to spend $2 for every dollar Biden wanted to spend. We're talking, you know, Biden wanted a $25,000 in in down payment assistant for first generation home buyers. Kamala wants it for first generation or, or for home buyers. Full stop. First time Biden proposed a $20 billion fund for affordable housing. Kamala wants a $40 billion fund. So in fact, it's literally omics 2.0 as if the issue with bio genomics was that they didn't spend enough. So my question is, why are we targeting successful households rather than reigning in spending? Right? If we're talking about the tax increases that she's proposed, they would generate about $900 billion over the next 10 years. Debt service payments this year alone are gonna cost $950 billion. So I think they're stepping over dollars to pickpocket cents and I don't think it's going to work. Yeah, Philip that, that's a great point and it's, it's a point that really I think people need to take into account is when, when Kamala Harris is talking about increasing taxes, so as to supposedly lower deficits, the reality is that if you actually were interested in lowering deficits or lowering the national debt, the kind of taxes she's talking about simply would not even make a dent in the kinds of deficit and debt that she's talking about. So what you're really doing is you are pursuing policies that are likely to lead to less economic growth, more economic stagnation, and they're not even going to solve the problem of government revenue. It's exactly right. And the tax cuts and all of the tax increases themselves come with consequences. The tax foundation said that they would reduce economic output by 2% and could cost a million jobs. So the elephant in the room is why are we not addressing the absurd spending? That's why we're in the position we are. So, Philip, you know, obviously I've made clear, I'm a big backer of, of the Trump Vance ticket, but if Donald Trump and J Vans take the White House in November, what is the economic outlook there? Look, it's a different proposition. I'd say we are not out of the woods. We've got to remember Biden had matter added as much to the nation's debt in four years as, as Obama did in eight. But it's a better policy, broadly speaking, they want to create a business friendly environment. They want to cut taxes on corporations and not raise income or, or capital gains. One central aspect, and obviously a controversial one is tariffs. 20% tariff on all imported goods, 60% tariff on, on goods from China. Long term, I think these policies are a good idea. It's a strategy to revitalize our manufacturing base, to incentivize the, the purchase of high quality American made products. But there's nowhere around it. It does mean I think, higher prices upfront, right? You know, every target, every Walmart sells goods made in China. But for me it's about longer term prospects, you know, shorter term pain for longer term gain. And I don't think we've had a president willing to do that since Reagan. So, you know, we've got a tough storm to weather no matter what, but I think Trump and Vance will set us up for a brighter future for sure. I'm talking Philip Patrick, precious metal specialist Birch Gold Group. So one of the things that's been happening is that global central banks have been buying record quantities of gold. They obviously are not feeling particularly sanguine about the future of growth because what they're looking at, and I think what everybody's looking at is, if you can't pay off this debt, there's only one way out of that. Really. You're not gonna be able to tax your way outta that. You're just gonna have to inflate. I mean, that's, that's the only way to essentially pay down a debt, is to inflate your dollar. That, as you say, the debt servicing on the American national debt right now that's gonna outpace it. It already outpaces our military budget every year. And It, it's And. It's only gonna grow from here. Yeah, it's, it's absolutely correct. It's unsustainable and, and, and by pushing massive spending, we are showing the world that, you know, we are not valuing our US dollar. If I'm a central bank around the world holding dollars, watching the US spending money like it's going outta fashion, it starts to become a problem. And Central banks have been hedging dollar exposure using gold for the last two and a half years. They've set records for gold purchasing. So central banks around the world are betting against the dollar for the reason that you mentioned. I think there's only one way out of this if we continue down the path of spending. So I think precious metal's important for institutions to hedge dollar exposure, but I think important for individuals as well. Well folks, obviously we here at Daily Web, I've been working with both Birch Gold for a very long time. That's true of my show as well. Text Ben to the number 98. 98 98 for your free info kit today to get started with Birch Gold. Again, that's Ben to the number 98. 98 98. Philip, thanks so much for the time. Really appreciate the insight. Thank you.


All right, folks, coming up, we're gonna jump into the latest economic report. Harris Walls, they say they're actually winning on economics. Is that true? We'll get to that in a moment. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach SHAPIRO. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click the link in the description and join us.