
President Trump's victory tour continues and this is it your final weekend To get 47% off new Daily Wire Plus annual memberships. Get unlimited access to uncensored, to ad free daily shows, groundbreaking documentaries, movies, and series and more. Use code 47 at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe All.


So President Trump's victory tour continues yesterday. He was on Sean Hannity's show in a long discussion with Hannity explaining how he gets things done, why he doesn't doubt himself. Here he was yesterday. The question I have was, at any point did doubt you would be back Here. So it's a great question. It's something I don't think about. I never really thought about it. I don't think about, gee, will I be back? I just do it. I get it done, I get things done. I'm good at getting things done and I set my mind to it. Well, president Trump continued by suggesting he went through four years of hell and he won. Again. This, he's entitled to this, that he, he was put through legitimate hell over the course of this presidential run.


He was indicted a bevy of times on spurious charges. He was nearly shot to death on camera and then he was nearly shot to death again. He's gone through the ringer. He's entitled to the victory door. I went through four years of hell by this scum that we had to deal with. I went through four years of hell. I spent millions of dollars in legal fees and I won. But I did it the hard way. It's really hard to say that they shouldn't have to go through it all. So it is very hard to say that. Okay, so here is the question for President Trump. As I've been saying, we're three days in and President Trump is doing an enormous number of phenomenal things.


We're gonna get to more of them today. The big question for President Trump is are you gonna focus on the future or are you going to focus on the past? Are you gonna focus on the things that matter or are you gonna get distracted by things that really don't? I think this is gonna be a very focused administration. He's come in and he is moving with alacrity, he's moving fast, he's breaking things and all of that is to the good. That focus I think is necessary because when you win, it is very easy To get distracted by the high of being on top. But right now he does have the Democrats down for the count and all he has to do are the 80 20 issues. That's all he has to do. All he has to do are the common sense things that people elected him to do. Well, the good news is, I think President Trump knows this. He says, listen, the Democrats right now when it comes to immigration, why?


Why are they doing this? Well, there's not really a good excuse is there? Here's the thing I ask, why would somebody say that open borders are good where jails and mental institutions from other countries and gang members right off the streets of the toughest cities in the world are being brought to the United States of America and emptied out into our country. Why would anybody that even likes you don't have to love our country, you have to like it. Why would anybody that likes our country? The Democrats allow that to happen. And even now I watch them on television, they're trying to justify it. You can't justify it. The only reason it can be is two reasons. You're stupid and I don't think they're stupid.


I think anybody that cheats that much and that well is not stupid. You're either stupid or you hate the country. Those are the only two reasons. Now, again, it's hard to argue with that what exactly would be the third excuse for why you want the borders open? And President Trump, again honed in with Sean Hannity on the issues that Democrats are getting wrong on the common sense issues. Like for example, boys are not girls, People are learning that they can't govern and that their policies are terrible. I mean, they don't want to see a woman get pummeled by a man in a boxing ring. No, they don't wanna see men in women's sports in other ways. Yeah, they don't want to see men. They don't want to have transgender for everyone. They don't want a a child leave home as a boy and come back two days later as a girl.


A parent doesn't wanna see that. And there are states where that can happen. And all of this is common sense. He says the same thing with regard to taxes. He says, listen, people do not want high taxes. Democrats want to raise their taxes. These are the common sense. Middle of the road positions, again, these are not conservative positions. If you think boys are not girls is a conservative position, or we need borders is a conservative position or higher taxes are unpopular is a conservative position. I urge you to see a mental health specialist. Here's President Trump talking about tax policy. This is the only group of people that wanna raise your tax. They say, we wanna raise your taxes. You know, if they don't work with us on the Trump tax cuts extending that would mean we go back to the taxes.


We got the largest tax cut in history. That would mean the taxes would go up more than any taxes hike in the history of our country. And normally you'd say that's gotta be the easiest negotiation in history because if they did that, how could they ever win an election? But they'll fight us on that. They fight us on things. It's incredible here. I ran into it. They don't use common sense. In my opinion, the Democrats don't use common sense now Again because the left has lost it. They continue to oppose this agenda and this is ushering in a sea change, not just nationally, but internationally. So President Trump spoke yesterday at Davos, right? Davos is the World Economic Forum. According to the Wall Street Journal, president Trump and his allies used the World Economic Forum to offer the global elite a warning he intends to follow through on his America first campaign promises spurning allies in the process if necessary.


He addressed the World Economic Forum virtually and he did not hold back. He was introduced by WF president and CEOA guy named Borgia Brande, who thanked Trump for joining three days into the presidency. Again, things have changed just a little bit around the world of President Trump's victory. Thank you very much, Mr. President, on behalf of all the 3000 participants here in Davos, we really, really underline that joining us the third day in your presidency live taking questions here is so appreciated and we are already ready for receiving you next year in person.


So thank you very much and all the best from Davos. Thank you. What exactly did President Trump have to say? Well, he led off by demolishing the failed Biden administration in front of a room full of people who pretended to like Joe Biden for several years. When I say pretended to like, I mean, if you ever watched any of the international events where Joe Biden appeared next to other international leaders, they could not stand him. They did not want to be around him. He was wandering off into the woods randomly during photo shoots. And when it came to President Trump, they may not have liked President Trump, but at least they respected President Trump. Here's President Trump demolishing Joe Biden in front of the international community. My administration is acting with unprecedented speed to fix the disasters we've inherited from a totally inept group of people and to solve every single crisis facing our country.


This begins with confronting the economic chaos caused by the failed policies of the last administration. Over the past four years, our government racked up $8 trillion in wasteful deficit spending and inflicted nation wrecking energy restrictions, crippling regulations, and hidden taxes like never before. The result is the worst inflation crisis in modern history and sky high interest rates for our citizens. And even throughout the world, food prices and the price of almost every other thing known to mankind went through the roof. President Biden totally lost control of what was going on in our country, but in particular with our high inflation economy and at our border.


And President Trump talked a lot about American domestic policy, the WEF, but all of that was merely the precursor to him turning to international politics. So he started talking about the American economy and he said, listen, America is open for business now. You should invest in the United States of America because we are no longer attempting to exclude people from entering the American marketplace. If they wanna invest in the American marketplace, America is back and open for business. And this week I'm also taking swift action to stop the invasion at our southern border. They allowed people to come in at levels that nobody's ever seen before. It was ridiculous. I decided A and declared to de to to do, and very very importantly, a national emergency on our border immediately halted all entry of illegal border crossers of which there were many and began ly returning the illegal trespasses back to the place from which they came.


That action, as you've probably seen, has already started very strongly. I've deployed active duty, US military and National Guard troops to the border to assist in repelling the invasion. It was really an invasion. Well then he turns to the economy and here he starts making his threats, says, listen, you wanna invest in the United States? We'd love to have your investments in the United States, and if you don't wanna work with us, then get ready for some tariffs. My message to every business in the world is very simple. Come make your product in America and we will give you among the lowest taxes of any nation on earth. We're bringing them down very substantially, even from the original Trump tax cuts.


But if you don't make your product in America, which is your prerogative, then very simply you will have to pay a tariff differing amounts, but a tariff which will direct hundreds of billions of dollars and even trillions of dollars into our treasury to strengthen our economy and pay down debt. Now again, president Trump has a love for tariffs that I think is unjustified by economic knowledge when it comes to how to bring down prices, for example, or make products more innovative. It turns out that comparative advantage is one of the great benefits of living on a planet with a huge number of people who all have a diverse skillset. You know, if you actually pursue President Trump's policy here to its logical endpoint, which is either invest in the United States or we are going to tariff you, you end up with Archy.


Archy is not a particularly useful economic system. It tends to lead to economic stagnation to incredibly high prices. See, it's one thing you, you don't actually have to threaten people to invest in the United States. It turns out the United States recedes extraordinary amounts of investment. Why? Because we're a friendly business environment here in the United States as opposed to so many other countries around the world. If you invest in the United States, we have a robust legal system. We protect private property, you know that your money isn't just gonna get stolen, it's not gonna disappear. The government isn't just gonna nationalize your industry. Our tax rates are very competitive. They need to be made more competitive, and President Trump is focused on that. Our labor regulations are not nearly as onerous as, for example, Europe, right? Those are all great reasons for people to invest in the United States.


If the idea is we're gonna make all those things worse and then we're going to tariff you, if you don't actually come into the United States, you're just gonna end up with more high prices in the United States. Do I think that Trump means this in that way? I don't. I think that what he's really just saying is, look, if you guys have not come into the United States because you have a misimpression that we're gonna be pushed around on the international stage by you, wrong, you are. It's not gonna work that way. President Trump uses tariffs historically as leverage. He used them historically as leverage.


Buying a new mattress sounds great, paying for it, debatable. Hear us out at Mattress Warehouse. We offer 0% interest financing over 2, 3, 4, or five years, and we guarantee you'll pay the lowest price available and we'll keep that promise for a full year after purchase. Go ahead and buy that mattress of your dreams. Mattress Warehouse has you covered. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress warehouse? Visit mattress warehouse.com.


Again, there's an ideological commitment to tariffs, which suggests archy labor regulations being stricter in the United States, artificial restrictions on innovation, artificial restrictions on wages and prices, right? That sort of stuff. And then a threat that if you don't actually do what we want you to do, then we'll tariff you. Right? That I think is bad economic policy. I don't think that's what President Trump is talking about. Again, historically, that is not what he's talked about. What he's talked about instead is the idea that he's going to tariff you if you don't make concessions with regard to some of your own trade barriers or your own subsidies or your own regulatory frameworks. Then he turned to foreign policy and he said, listen, I'm gonna ask the NATO members to increase the defense spending.


Finally, as we restore common sense in America, we're moving quickly to bring back strength and peace and stability abroad. I'm also going to ask all NATO nations to increase defense spending to 5% of GDP, which is what it should have been years ago. Okay, now again, right about this as well. Rick Grinnell, who is a foreign policy advisor to the president, he actually piped in to the WEF and he appeared on screen to slam the former Dutch Prime Minister's stance with regard to Ukraine. Joining nato, mark Ruti had said that the NATO block should ensure that Russia never attacks Ukraine again by allowing Ukraine into nato.


And Grinnell said, hold up. You don't get to do that. You don't get to push the burden on us as the biggest sponsor of NATO unless you also increase your funding of nato. Quote. I think you're gonna run into a big buzz saw in America. If we have the NATO Secretary General talking about adding Ukraine to nato SEC Grinnell. You can't ask the American people to expand the umbrella of NATO when the current members aren't paying their fair share, and that includes the Dutch who need to step up. Now again, Grinnell isn't wrong about that. He's not wrong about that. One of the big problems with regards to Ukraine historically has been the West writing checks. They weren't willing to cash saying to Ukraine, you should try to join the eu. You should try to join nato, you should join the West. And then being unwilling to actually undergo the sacrifice necessary for that to happen, which tends to invite aggression from the Russians, which is precisely what the Russians did.


Now, Russia, for its part, has responded to President Trump's threat of sanctions on them. If they don't come to the table by saying nothing. Kremlin spokesperson to meet through Peskov told the Russian media quote, we do not see any particular new elements here. Peskov added that Trump liked sanctions and used them often during his first presidential term. Peskov said Russia is ready for an equal and careful dialogue with the United States, which we had during Trump's first term. We're waiting for signals that have not yet been received. Now we'll have to see what signals they exactly are looking for. If they're looking for President Trump to just surrender on these issues, I really doubt that is going to happen. Now, meanwhile, in other big moves, president Trump yesterday signed an order to declassify files with regard to J-F-K-R-F-K and MLK assassinations.


Here is President Trump signing that executive order. Lastly, sir, we have an executive order ordering the declassification of files relating to the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. That's a big one, huh? A lot of people are waiting for this for a long, for years, for decades, and everything will be revealed. Okay? Give that to RFKG.


Yes sir. Well, now realistically speaking, is there a lot left that has not been revealed? So there was a release of many of the JFK files in 2022. According to the National Archives and Records Administration, 97% of the roughly 5 million pages in its collection related to the assassination were already public. The president promised during his first administration, he had released the remaining JFK files that included some 3000 documents that had never been made public and 30,000 that had been previously released with redactions, but it turns out he didn't do that. Now, in 1992, Congress had mandated that all assassination documents were supposed to be released within 25 years, which again, I wanna put that number at 2017. Do I think there's gonna be a lot in here?


Do I think in the end you're going To get some sort of great revelation with regards to JF Car? J-F-K-R-F-K or MLK? I really doubt it. I really doubt it because again, the forensic data tend to show that Lee Harvey Oswald was the sole shooter of JFK, that RFK was killed by an assassin named Sirhan Sirhan and that MLK was shot by James Earl Ray you that that tends to be what the evidence shows. Could there be some sort of bombshell lurking there? It's possible. I do think that this is probably gonna be more like GI Geraldo's vault than anything else. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of there there, but why exactly would you not release this stuff? It's good for more to be in the public arena. Meanwhile, on immigration, president Trump is charging ahead the press secretary. She says that the president took historic action, 10 executive orders to secure our homeland.


Here she was. Well, president Trump took historic action on his first day in the Oval Office, signing 10 executive orders to secure our homeland, secure our southern border, and launched the largest mass deportation operation in American history. And in just 33 hours of his signing with his pen, the bus customs and Border Patrol and ICE got immediately to work to deport violent illegal criminals from our country. They have arrested nearly 500 of these individuals in the interior and they will be sent home and those flights are already underway this morning. So President Trump is delivering on his promise immediately to make America safe again.


That is Carolyn Levitt, the White House press secretary explaining Congress for its part has now cleared the Laken Riley Act, and things have shifted so dramatically here that 46 Democrats supported it in the house. That's how dramatically things have shifted on illegal immigration. And that is solely due to Joe Biden. It's not even due to President Trump because Trump was making the same case in 2015. What happened happened is that Joe Biden did the exact obverse, he did the opposite. He let the borders be wide open and Americans were like, Nope, don't like that at all. And that's how the Lake and Riley act happens. The measure directs federal immigration enforcement to detain and deport those without legal status charged with minor theft or shoplifting. Representative Randy Fetra of Iowa app praised the legislation in a speech on the floor of the house ahead of the vote.


Fetra said, I look forward to President Trump signing this bill into law to let immigrants who break our laws know that they're held accountable for their crimes. The Senate, by the way, passed the bill 64 35, which is an overwhelming number. It is beyond filibuster, right? That's a big number. Those are big numbers. And again, that is because Democrats recognize it is politically toxic to oppose common sense alternatives with regard to illegal immigration. The first images, by the way of ice mass deportations show arrests of MS 13 gang member members murder suspects. That is not a giant shock because of course, if you are the administration, the first people you are going to deport are the, are the criminals, those are the people you're gonna focus in on. You are gonna wait to deport the nanny until you've gotten through everybody else because maybe she can make a case for why she ought to be in the country.


But when it comes to MS 13 members, there is no reason in anyone's mind why those people should be in the country. This led to one of the unbelievable clips of the day. This one was out of ice. Boston, a an illegal from an illegal immigrant from Haiti with 17 convictions was filmed being taken away. And here's what he had to say, I, I'm not going back to Haiti. One of those threats is this illegal alien from Haiti. Ice says he's a gang member with 17 criminal convictions in recent years. Trump, you feel me? Yo fighting forever, bro. Thank Obama for everything that he did for me, bro. Yep. Yep.


Well, saying the quiet part out loud right there. Thank Obama for everything he did for me. Tha thank Obama for everything. Thank. Thank you Joe Biden. Yep. Well, I think we know maybe now why Joe Biden wanted an open border. Maybe it turns out that if you wish to craft an entirely new body politic, a great way of doing that is opening the border and then amnestying as many people as possible. Turns out that is an excellent way of doing it. And that guy just said the quiet part out loud,


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Meanwhile, Steven Miller, who of course has been a long time Immigration Hawk, he's the Deputy Chief of Staff for policy and an advisor to Homeland Security. He said we were going to see a massive scale up in enforcement activities. The initial immigration raids have already arrested and removed some of the most vicious criminals in this country, including child pornography cases, homicide cases, sexual assault attacks on children. And this is just the very beginning. In the effort to liberate this country from the migrant criminal threat in the coming days, you're gonna see a massive scale up in enforcement activities all across the country to dismantle these criminal networks. So not only is it going to be ICE engaging these raids, but also they're gonna have support from their law enforcement partners and F-B-I-A-T-F-D-E-A and US Marshals.


We're gonna leverage the full power of federal law enforcement at President Trump's command and direction to save this country from this occupation. Right? He then continued, he suggested, listen, if you try to shelter criminal illegal immigrants, then we are going to charge you criminally. Which of course, this is all common sense. It's all common sense. You're also gonna see, as you mentioned, the Department of Justice pursuing civil and if necessary, criminal charges against anybody who shelters or harbors criminal aliens. That includes individuals in sanctuary cities who are harboring violent and dangerous criminals from federal law enforcement.


The tables have turned and now those who protect criminal aliens are going to face the legal consequences that exist in statute. Now, the Trump administration is apparently weighing sending 10,000 troops to the border and using bases to hold illegal immigrants. That's according to CBS news again. On Wednesday, the White House Press secretary, Carolyn Levitt, told reporters, the president had signed another executive order to deploy 1500 troops to the southern border. There are already 2,500 troops down there, but an internal CBP memo dated January 21st indicates a plan to dispatch about 10,000 soldiers to help the agency's mission at the southern border. Bottom line is this administration is taking illegal immigration incredibly seriously.


Now, meanwhile, a judge, a federal judge, has temporarily blocked President Trump's executive order aiming at ending birthright citizenship. Now, as we discussed a little bit earlier in the week when Trump signed this, this was exactly what was going to happen. This is always going to end up at the Supreme Court level. The President does not really have the ultimate capacity to simply determine who is a citizen and who is not under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution. Now, I think that Trump's interpretation is correct. By the way, I think the rule, it says in the 14th Amendment, born naturalized and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, subject to the jurisdiction thereof, means you're not subject to your foreign citizenship jurisdiction. If you're here illegally, for example, and you have a baby, the baby, if you are a Mexican citizen, you're here illegally.


For example, the baby's a Mexican citizen. That means not subject to the jurisdiction thereof. The baby should not be an American citizen simply because the baby was born here. However, that was always going to end up in the Supreme Court in a written ruling issued on Thursday, US District Judge John Auer entered a temporary restraining order prohibiting the Trump administration from implementing the executive Order. Until he can hear arguments over its legality, the federal government has long recognized a birthright citizenship. The court ruling is one of the first legal hurdles Trump faces as he seeks to deliver on his campaign promise to crack down on illegal immigration. Now, listen, this, I think, smacks of a Trump political win, even if he loses, meaning if this goes to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court rules the other way, Trump can say he tried to do what he could and no act of Congress would've been able to trump the Supreme Court's interpretation of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution without another constitutional amendment.


But as I say, this was always going to end up being adjudicated inside the judiciary. It was never going to be decided by simple EO that was never going to happen. Now meanwhile, in a further list of good news, president Trump is doing things for the pro-life movement that began yesterday and our own senior White House reporter, Mary Margaret Olohan, she was on scene at the White House reporting this. Mary, great to talk to you. Thanks so much, Ben. Great to be here. So tell me about what you've learned about pardons for pro-lifers wrongly imprisoned under Joe Biden's Justice Department. You knew about this a little bit early. Yes. So we were the first to report yesterday morning that Donald Trump was imminently about to pardon the pro-life activists unjustly prosecuted by the Biden DOJ.


And sure enough, several hours later, Donald Trump did exactly that from the Oval Office, signed an executive order pardoning 23 pro-life activists, and of course the Thomas Moore Society, the law firm representing these guys, had to petition Trump to pardon them. They were waiting with breathless anticipation. So as soon as we got the news, they were rejoicing. All these pro-lifers were, many of them were reunited with their families last night. So just really exciting, heartwarming stories and a hopeful sign to a lot of people that Donald Trump is ready to fulfill many campaign promises made on life. Now, Mary Margaret, you've also learned some important news regarding Vice President JD Vance and the March for Life. I spoke at the March for Life a few years ago. Apparently, JD Vance is going to be doing the same.


Yes, we were excited to be the first to report also that JD Vance will be speaking at the March for Life today, the 52nd annual March for Life here in Washington DC where many, many pro-lifers will be gathered to march against abortion. And I'm told this is a really good sign of Vance's attitudes towards life, about the administration's attitudes towards life. Of course, we already know that JD Vance's staunchly pro-life Catholic, but I'm told that this is signaling a strong pro-life, pro pro-family approach from the administration. And Vance is gonna be heading that. Mary Margaret, really appreciate the reporting. Thanks for having me. Now meanwhile, president Trump is making moves on the foreign front as well. Some I think are good and some are a little bit more mixed.


We'll get to all that in just one moment.


First, it's the final weekend To get 47% off your new Daily Wire Plus annual membership, 47% because of course, we are celebrating Donald Trump as the 47th president of the United States. Our celebration will continue, but the deal ends Sunday. All you need to do is head on over to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code 47, you'll lock in 47% off for an entire year of Daily Wire. Plus, the daily shows are original, groundbreaking entertainment, including the number one documentary of The Decade. Am I Racist? And so much more. Every buck you spend goes directly back into the fight to bring you the facts and reshape culture. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code 47 to checkout and let's build the future together.


Okay, meanwhile, president Trump is making some interesting moves in the Middle East. It's hard to sort of read the tea leaves on what exactly he's expecting there. On the one hand, on the good side, president Trump made his very first call as President to any foreign leader to Muhammad bin Salman, who of course is the essentially leader of of Saudi Arabia. MBS is famously somebody who wants to join the Abraham Accords, wants to modernize his nation. He has also pledged a $600 billion investment into the United States. The Crown Prince, according to the Associated Press, he said on Thursday, the Kingdom wants to invest $600 billion in the United States. Over the next four years. Comments that came after President Trump earlier put a price tag on returning to the Kingdom as his first foreign trip.


The comments reported early Thursday by the state run, Saudi press agency came in a phone call with President Trump that Mark Trump's first phone call with a foreign leader since inauguration on Monday. The reason that that is positive is because when it comes to the Middle East, basically you now have four forces that are shaping the Middle East. One is Iran, which has been thoroughly beaten over the course of the last year in terms of all of its proxies. Its proxy forces from Hezbollah to the Houthis to Hamas have basically been downgraded or wiped out. And then you have the Turks. The Turks have been really flexing their muscles in Syria, the takeover of Syria by a terrorist offshoot of Al-Qaeda and Isis.


That really was Turkish, that was Erdogan in Turkey, who basically turned a client of his a terror client of his into the leaders of the new Syria. Then you have the Israelis. The Israelis obviously have defended themselves, quite capably over the course of the last year and a half, destroying most of the battalions of Hamas, destroying thoroughly Hezbollah's military capacity, hitting heso hard actually that Syria fell because Syria was deeply reliant on Hezbollah striking Iran directly taking out its air defenses. And then finally you have the Saudis. And the Saudis have been basically attempting to forge an alliance with the Israelis. And that's always been just, just beyond the horizon. If Donald Trump had been reelected the first time, then that would've been cleared after October 7th in 2023, after the war in Gaza.


Saudi has been wanting To get into the Abraham Accords, particularly because again, Iran is still out there, which is a threat to Saudi Arabia. And Turkey is a threat to Saudi Arabia because Turkey likes to sponsor the Muslim Brotherhood. And the Muslim Brotherhood is a threat to the Saudi monarchy. So President Trump, reaching out to the Saudis is quite a good thing. That is a very, very good move. And being able to secure a massive investment from the Saudis in America is definitely a good thing. He is also demanding that Saudi Arabia and OPEC lower the oil prices. He was a Davos doing just that. Harry was explaining. I'm also going to ask Saudi Arabia and OPEC to bring down the cost of oil. You gotta bring it down, which frankly I'm surprised they didn't do before the election. If the price came down, the Russia, Ukraine War would end immediately.


Right now, the price is high enough that that war will continue. You gotta bring down the oil price. You gotta end that war. Now, that's kind of a fascinating take because again, president Trump was portrayed as somebody who didn't care what happened in Ukraine, bringing down the oil prices, undercuts the Russian market. That's kind of the idea here. Russia is making its money by selling oil at bargain basement prices, and then shipping it through third parties to places, including Europe. The United States has filled in a lot of that gap. If Saudi were to start pumping at a serious rate, then they would be undercutting the Russian oil prices as well. And then Russia would basically be strangled in terms of its own economy. So it's fascinating. He wants more money from Saudi, but lower oil prices.


At the same time, he is reaching out to the Saudis. Well, in Lighter news, the Oscars are upon us, the nominations are out, and they are as absurd as you might believe they were. They are just ridiculous. So first of all, they will be hosted by Conan. Now listen, I think Conan used to be one of the funniest people in America. I'm not so sure he's still got it. I haven't seen anything funny from Conan for years and years and years. He's a safer choice than somebody like a Ricky Dravet, for example. But will he be better than Jimmy Kem? Listen, anybody would be better than Jimmy Kimmel. A bag of Flemming dog crap would be better than Jimmy Kimmel at this point. Then there are the actual nominations and man, are they woken up the joint. Whoa, whoa.


These nominations are the Wst Hollywood nominations for Oscars I've seen since like last year. Like this is wild, but but actually really, really, really like insanely woke. So the number one movie in terms of nominations and close to leading in the all time nominee list is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my entire life. It is called Emelia Perez. It is legitimately a bottom five film. I have seen thousands of films at this point in my life. Emelia Perez is one of the five worst movies I have ever seen. Now, ironically, another best picture winner, the Shape of Water is also in that list. But Amelia Perez is, if anything worse than Shape of Water. If you wish to see a full scale 20 minute review of Amelia Perez.


Head on over to our YouTube page where I actually reviewed it, soup to nuts, went through all the numbers. It's horrifying. It's a musical for those who don't know about a transgender Mexican drug cartel leader who contacts a lawyer, played by Zoe Saldana to help him transition into her, and then ends up in a bizarre, familial situation with his ex-wife, Selena Gomez, who's having an affair with another guy. Well, I mean, she doesn't know she's having an affair. 'cause as far as she knows, her husband's dead, dead. It turns out that her husband isn't dead. He just chopped off the, the, the appendages and it's iMusic.


It's awful, awful, awful.


Are you looking for a better quality meat? Good Ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using Code Daily Wire To get your free bacon, ground beef, seed oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year, plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code, Daily Wire, good Ranchers, American Meat delivered.


Now, it's not just that this has received 13 nominations, almost as many nominations as all about Eve, one of the great films of all time with 14 nominations. It came in. Basically, it's tied for second for the most nominations in Academy Awards. History. History, which is just absurd on every level. One of the nominees is a person named Carla Sophia Gascon. Now Carla Sophia Gascon is a dude and is nominated for best actress. Best actress. This person is a man. This person is a man. This man started transitioning in, I kid you not 2018.


In 2018, this person completed most of quote unquote her gender transition. This person is 52 years old. So this person started becoming a woman in quote unquote her forties, and now is defeat. Listen, ladies, if you wanna demonstrate your first, your full scale inferiority, it seems to me that nominating a man to win best actress is a pretty good way of doing that. By the way, can't sing, not a particularly good actor. Carlos Sophia gets gone, then do anything in the role, really. In fact, the only time Carlos Sophia Gascon is actually convincing is when, quote unquote, she is playing a man at the beginning.


Because guess what, dude, that, that would be a dude. The song El Mall is nominated for best original song, which is ridiculous 'cause it's not a good song at all. It's a terrible film. And of course, the only reason it's being nominated is because it's everything, right? It's everything having to do with Trump. This is all just an anti-Trump Hollywood bleep fit. That's all this is. It's a story about Mexico, which of course Trump thinks is terrible. And it's a story about a man who believes that he is a woman. Okay? The movie's so bad. I mean, honestly, I don't wanna do a re-review of the movie. Go check out my review at YouTube. All I will say is that the entire movie glorifies a man who decides to mutilate himself, abandon his family, and is a drug cartel leader.


And that's the hero of the film. So yeah, it's also, the music is just, it sounds the, the music sounds as though a def and dumb rapper wrote it. That's what it sounds like. And meanwhile, other prominent nominations, Sebastian Stan, has been nominated for best actor in a leading role for The Apprentice, which of course is a movie about Donald Trump. That movie failed at the box office. Nobody really wanted to see it. I, I haven't seen it myself, because frankly, I find it all that interesting. First of all, if you're gonna do a movie about Donald Trump as young man, it can't be a drama. It sort of has to be a comedy. And we all remember Donald Trump as a young man, at least those of us who are older than the age of 20.


Donald Trump's been part of our public life since the 1970s, so I don't know. So he, he gets nominated. That, of course, is just a way of, of slapping Donald Trump. Of course, the other nominees for Best Picture are an Nora, a charming story about a prostitute who falls in love with a Russian Gangland leader's son that, that's an Nora, the Brutalist, which I have not yet seen, but interested to see, which is about a Jewish refugee who comes to the United States and is apparently an amazing architect. And his, his experiences with American capitalism, I'm not sure I'm gonna love the thematic of it, but it is Adrian Brody and Guy Pierce, and seems at least somewhat interesting, a complete unknown, which is the Bob Dylan movie Conclave, which is a horrifying piece of trash conclave.


As I talked about, I didn't even see the movie, I just read the book. When I read the book, I was like, there's no way you're gonna put me through seeing this movie. No way. Spoiler alert, the twist ending in conclave is that the new, the whole thing is about the Pope Dies, and it's the College of Cardinals figuring out who's the new Pope. Spoiler alert, it's the trans lady from from Amelia Perez. It's actually an intersex person. And it turns out that some of the cardinals know this and go along with it because it's too late to reverse it. Which do you even Catholic, bro, that is not a thing. Okay? Dune part two is nominated, but certainly will not win because it's the best movie of the year. So we can't have that. We can't have nice things, so, we'll not, I mean, nobody's even mentioned Dune Part two is a possible winner.


Nobody's even like it. It's, I believe, except for Wicked, the highest, the highest box office on this list. And nobody's even mentioned it. Emelia Perez. I already mentioned a movie called I'm Still Here, which is a foreign film about a person who was disappeared by the Brazilian government in the 1970s, a movie called Nickel Boys, which I'm not sure did anything at the box office and is a a, it's sort of the, the Academy SOP to covering race this year. So again, it's an issue movie based on the Colson Whitehead book about a boys school, racist boys school in the South in the 1960s, a movie called The Substance, which is a body horror film starring Demi Moore as an aging actress who decides to do terrible things in order to assure that basically a doppelganger of her, a young doppelganger of her, can become a star and wicked.


So, terrible list of films. Truly bad list. I mean, really, really, really bad. And to be fair, I've seen four of these films. I believe June two is by far the best of these films, and it will certainly not win for Best Director, Emelia Perez's director won a best director a war slot, which I, I, I don't understand at all. And then you have the directors of an Nora, the brutalist, the substance, and a complete unknown actor, a leading role. You have Adrian Brody for the Brutalist. He's supposed to be terrific Timothy Chalamet for a complete unknown. He's supposed to be terrific. I'm not a big shale ma fan, but he's supposed to be really, really good in this film. Coleman Domingo, as in, in the movie called Sing Sing, which I, I don't, I don't, I've never even heard that movie.


I don't know what that is. Ralph finds in Conclave, meh and Sebastian Stan for The Apprentice. So yeah, again, you have a couple heavy hitters going up against one another in that particular category, actress, in a leading role. The only thing that matters here is that you have a dude who's in this category. First of all, I just wanna know, why does the Academy insist on having separate actor and actress? Because obviously these, these categories mean nothing. You could just combine them, especially since in Hollywood, we're now supposed to say that actresses are actors. You're not supposed to say actress in normal conversation. When you go to Hollywood and you meet an actress, you're supposed to call her an actor because she might be a man or something, because it's a sexist category. So I'm not sure why the Oscars continue at this, except as a form of affirmative action to, I would say, biological women, but it's no longer even relegated to that.


Other nominees include Cynthia Arrivo, who I think was terrific in Wcan, Mikey Madison and Nora, which I haven't seen. To me more, who's supposed to be good in the substance and Fernanda Torres, and I'm still here, which I have not seen when it comes to documentary feature film. The only other issue here is that no other land, which is a wildly anti-Israel piece of propaganda, a prop was nominated, am I racist? The number one documentary of the last decade did not receive a nomination from the Oscars. But again, I don't think that is a complete shock. So there you are, a bunch of trash movies nominated for the highest awards in Hollywood, because that's how all of this works. Alright, coming up, we'll be getting into the media and their failed response to President Trump's winning. Again, if you're not a member, become member.


Use Code Shapiro checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.