
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with distinctive hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel, blue Swift, defy expectations, enjoy our quality responsibly.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up in the nineties, I never thought much about race. Sure you noticed, but never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me being a white, straight, cisgender man. It's the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. That's me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. Can You please leave? I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. If I wanna be an ally, I need to look like one. What is racism? Martin Luther King said not to judge people by the why. Luther King said a lot of stuff.


Is America inherently racist? What the hell is that? The Word inherent is challenging there. America is racist to its bones. All of the So inherently, yeah, The entire system has to burn and I'm not gonna even use save this country. This country's not worth saving. This country is a piece of, Oh, sorry. Sorry. They gonna say I'm racist. Joining Us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. Where are you guys on your anti-racist journeys? So I look around the room and point to who we believe is the most racist person in the room. We wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument.


Would you mind signing it? You will. What do you think about this issue of heteronormativity and how it intersects with the broader structures of racism in society? Oh, They gonna say I'm racist. What's up with white people? What are you doing to decenter your whiteness? Who's making it the center? Why are they doing that? What are you doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman. White boy. White entitlement. White centering white silence. Is There a black person around her? Is a black person right here? Does he not exist? They gonna say I'm racist. Racist. Hi Robin. Hi.


And what's your name? I'm Matt. Matt. Hi Matt. Nice to meet you. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They Gonna say you racist In theaters. No raid. PG 13. Buy tickets No Well folks. Matt Walsh's new movie is out and it is already causing seismic waves throughout the DEI community. We'll get to the biggest story concerning that in one moment. First Tuesday night's debate made it clear that Legacy Media will do literally anything to bury the truth, including just openly side with Kamala Harris. That is why we exist at Daily. Wire Plus gives you unlimited access to the truth With Uncensored daily shows, free from ads or moderators live breaking news coverage and the hard hitting investigative journalism the left doesn't want you to see.


Join the fight today at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. Use code fight for 47% off new Daily Wire plus memberships. The deal is for a very limited time. Join the fight right now. Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe with Code Fight for 47% off. Okay, so Matt Walsh's movie is now in theaters and apparently there are members of the movie theater employee community who are attempting to stop people from actually seeing the film. Matt has been tweeting out all morning threads from Reddit, essentially suggesting that people are going to get in the way of actually allowing people to see the film. Apparently one movie theater employee put out a post saying, I'll be making the transaction as difficult as possible for anyone seeing the Matt Walsh movie.


Another person said, can you take the good seats out of service without anyone noticing? Only sell the creatures that crawl outta the mud to see this thing. The crap seats. So the left doing its best to prevent people from seeing the film even at the lowest levels, but it is not stopping the fallout. So one of the funniest scenes in the film and racist is a scene in which Matt sits down with Robin DeAngelo and it is hysterical. So Robin DeAngelo is the author of a, an incredibly big selling book called White Fragility. So in 2020 during Black Lives Matter, summer Robin DeAngelo became a thing. Her book sold like hotcakes. It was at the top of the New York Times bestseller list for weeks at a time. It sold hundreds of thousands if not millions of copies, and it is complete and utter tripe.


It is an awful piece of trash. In fact, I did about a 40 minute takedown of it on YouTube. You can go check that out right now. Go point by point through her entire trash book. It makes no sense. It is self, it is self-defeating. The entire book conflicts. It it, it is logically incoherent and it happens to be also particularly ugly because the basic idea is that if you are white, then you are inherently sinful and there's no way to escape that sin except for doing the things that Robin De DeAngelo wants you to do politically speaking. So there's a scene in the film where Matt somehow and his producers got Robin DeAngelo to sit down with Matt. Now the premise of Am I Racist is that Matt is effectively a very woke DEI guy and he falls into the philosophy of DEI and chases it all the way down the rabbit hole.


So he actually inhabits that character. It's kind of like a Nathan Fielder movie. He, he inhabits that idea and becomes the DEI guy as he follows it all the way down the rabbit hole. So in this particular scene, I don't wanna give it away because it's one of the best scenes in the film. He's sitting with Robin D'Angelo and let's just say that he manipulates her into doing something so insane on camera that it should be career ending and she knows it, which is presumably why she has now basically deactivated her Twitter account. Now Robin DeAngelo has released a statement slamming Matt Walsh. She vowed in a statement not to watch the film. Here's what she said, quote, back in 2023, I was contacted by a group who claimed to be making a documentary film called Shades of Justice about efforts to address racism in the United States.


They plan to interview anti-racist activists, authors, and thought leaders in service of supporting the cause of racial equality. They offered me between 10 and $20,000 for an interview. I said, let's meet in the middle with $15,000 and agreed to participate. I've since donated that sum to the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. Well, I'm sure that she donated that sum after she found out that she was in the film and realized, oh boy, this is going to be bad. So first of all, kind of weird that she only agreed to be in the film for $15,000 except for the fact that as Matt's movie exposes, this whole thing is a giant grift. Robin DeAngelo has been picking up checks from some of the biggest corporations in America for years to go there and teach absolute horse crap to people, and in exchange she receives the money and the credibility and then she takes those credentials.


Hey, I taught at Google and she moves on to Apple and then she goes and picks up a big sack of cash from Apple. So she took $15,000 to sit down for the documentary Shades of Justice, an anti-racist documentary. When I arrived for the interview says Robin DeAngelo. A few things felt off the grips, would not make eye contact with me. The interviewer who's introduced as Matt appeared to be wearing an ill-fitting wig. So number one, that ma, I like that she puts Matt in quotation marks. That's his name. I know him. We're friendly or someone acquainted, a person who introduced himself as Matt. Well, he didn't introduce himself as, as Jane Matt presented himself as someone new to anti-racist work, also true and seemed earnest, and his questions did not come across as adversarial by the end, however, things got weird.


See, that's the whole point is that when doing something like what Matt did, the whole point of it is what do these people say to each other behind closed doors? And he can't do that if you come into adversarial. So he asked her questions and she couldn't tell what was going on. Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction, but there's hope.


The international Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now, Go to BEN for the fellowship.org. That's BEN for the fellowship.org to make a gift today in the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's BEN for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, BEN for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


Matt asked what I thought says Robin DeAngelo about reparations for black Americans. I said I agreed with reparations, but that it was not my area of expertise. He then pulled up a chair and invited a black crew member who went by BEN to sit with us, took out his wallet and handed BEN some cash. He said that if I believed in reparations, I should also give BEN cash. While some black people have asked white people to engage in reparations by giving directly to individuals, reparations are generally understood as a systemic approach to past and current injustice. The way Matt set this up felt intended to put BEN and I on the spot. Well, there's a problem with this particular statement. BEN happens to be a producer on the film. So it didn't put BEN and you on the spot. It put you on the spot because you're a hypocrite. Because Matt was pushing this on us, I expressed my discomfort and checked in with BEN to make sure he was okay with receiving cash in this way.


BEN reassured me that he was so I went to my wallet and handed him my cash and the interview ended. I was so unsettled. By the way Matt manipulated this last scene. I emailed the contact person who went by the name of Lee Hampton to explain that the scene was not an example of reparations and could mislead viewers. I asked they not use it in the film and shared several resources over viewing legitimate systemic efforts for reparations. He assured me, says Robin DeAngelo, that he understood and that they had not yet decided whether to address reparations. He never again contacted me or answered an email. After reviewing the sequence of events and discussing it with colleagues, I realized they had lied about their agenda and I had been played. I spread the work on Word on my networks. Unfortunately, last month I started receiving hateful and misogynistic emails, some reference The Daily Wire BEN Shapiro's website, which announced the film is indeed being released.


It is not titled Shades of Justice, nor is it meant to support the anti-racist cause. Well, yeah, because you won't speak to anybody who doesn't. It is a Borat style mockumentary titled Am I Racist and designed to humiliate and discredit anti-racist educators and activists. Yes, that's accurate that that's true. Their deception was carefully planned and well funded. The website they had sent me was fake as were their identities. The project title used in the legal waiver, the description of the project, and the last name they gave for Matt the interviewer was in fact Matt Walsh, A far-right provocateur backed by Shapiro and Dey Plus and yes, wearing a wig. The CO CEO of The Daily Wire says Robin DeAngelo has stated court. I can't think of a more appropriate film for the Daily wire's first original theatrical release than Am I Racist What is a Woman change the national conversation on radical gender theory, effectively killing the issue.


And DEI is the next pillar of the woke mind virus that's about to topple. DEI Culture is one of the most toxic plagues in American life. Am I Racist says, Robin DeAngelo is not only about me and I was not the only one who felt for their deception. Sadly, many of those being mocked are women of color. No, no, no. Never mock a woman of color. Never. There's never any reason because in Robin DeAngelo's world, they are sainted. By the way, some of the people who are mocked in the movie include people like Cyro Rao, legitimately one of the worst voices in American public discourse. I have not seen the film, nor do I plan to watch it says Angelo. So I don't know what they've used in my interview or how they've edited it, but if you see the clips or the full film, consider the source Matt Walsh.


So who is Matt Walsh and what is his and his backer's agenda? Luckily he has answered that question without shame time and again, then she quotes, the Southern Poverty Law Center says Shapiro, in Walsh's previous film, lady Ballers is filled with misogyny, racism, and transphobia. Shapiro also sponsored a film denigrating George Floyd. Wait, you wait, you mean that we said that maybe George Floyd wasn't killed by Derek Chauvin, that maybe he died of a drug overdose that was induced by high stress? Wait, you mean like the medical evidence? Or maybe we, maybe we pointed out that George Floyd in fact led a pretty checkered criminal life. No, no, no. This experience as Rob DeAngelo has reinforced for me how critically important it is to do in-depth background research before making yourself vulnerable to people you don't know or believing in sharing what you see online.


They will not prevail in their efforts to stop the work for racial justice. Well, it seems like we prevailed a little since you deactivated your Twitter account. So there is that little awkward for you. And what's hilarious about all of this and and Matt tweeted the status, said Robin DeAngelo has issued a statement denouncing our film. She claims the movie is designed to humiliate and discredit anti-racist educators and activists. She couldn't be more correct in that assessment. Thank you, Robin. My favorite part of this wonderful statement is that she says she noticed my ill fitting wig when we first sat down with me, and yet for some reason she still did the interview. Maybe it was the $15,000 maybe. Maybe 'cause the giant grift. Now Matt also points out this morning that people are very angry at him. He dece, he used methods of deception.


You mean in a mockumentary in which you expose people. So Matt tweeted quote, many on the left are criticizing the tactics we use to make our film. Notice how they make no such criticisms about Bora. The difference is that Borat was meant to embarrass normal working class Americans. Our film Embarrasses, DEI, Grifters academics and upper class liberals, even Nathan Fielder, who I think is hilarious and brilliant, usually uses these kinds of methods to humiliate average people who haven't done anything to deserve the humiliation. The left is fine with that too. With our new film and our last film, we're actually punching up, but somehow we're the unethical ones. Interesting. Of course, that is exactly, exactly right. So Matt's film already doing damage, hilariously enough, the film is gonna be released and it's already in something like 1500 theaters across the country.


It is not reviewed a single time at Rotten Tomatoes. Zero reviews, none. In fact, if you Go to the Rotten Tomatoes page, brought to you by a Fandango, they have a sort of scrolling wheel here that says New and now in theaters. And it lists literally every movie except for Matt's movie. Like Matt's movie's just not there. It's in 1500 theaters. If you Go to this little scrolling wheel here on on Rotten Tomatoes, it ain't there. You would not know. In fact, even if you go down to their new theater releases, it just doesn't appear. Shocker. So they're gonna try to ignore this the same way they tried to ignore What is a Woman. Don't let them ignore it. Go out to the theater.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgages Home Buyers Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval, and Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do, Go to churchill mortgage.com/shaer. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something. Averaging five stars and over a hundred thousand reviews Go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer, ET and seller guar are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. NMLS ID 5 9 1 M ls consumer access.org. Will housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


By the way, Justin Folk, the director of the brand new film, Am I Racist will be stopping by a little bit later on in the show. Okay, meanwhile, Kamala Harris continues to run the Emptiest campaign in modern American history. Now, you've been seeing a lot of headlines about how Kamala Harris is building elite. She's really, really building a lead. Okay? There is only one problem with this particular narrative, which is that the polls basically so far are the same as they were before this particular debate. So before the debate, Kamala Harris was leading by about a point and a half in the real clear politics polling average. And today she's leading by about one and a half in the real clear politics polling average. In fact, the last two polls that have come out that at least are taken partially after the debate are the Reuters Ipsos poll that shows Harris up five and the morning consult poll that shows Harris up five.


There's only one problem with that, which is that if you go back a little bit further, what you see is that the last morning consult poll Harris was up three or four, and in the last Reuters Ipsos poll Harris was up four. So in other words, there's been like a slight uptick for Harris, but nothing like this kind of blowout. She's jumping ahead, surging. The race is utterly changed. In fact, according to CNN's Harry Enton, she actually is still underperforming with younger voters even after the debate, which is kind of shocking. So this is the Democrat versus Trump margin among voters age 18 to 29 or under the age of 30. You go back four years ago at this point, look, Joe Biden had a 28 point advantage, a 28 point advantage over Donald Trump.


Now you look, when Joe Biden dropped out of the race, he was up by just seven points. Now, Kamala Harris has improved on Joe Biden's standing, but look at this, she's only up by 15 points. That is significantly less than Joe Biden was up at this point among the youngest voters in our electorate. So again, these are not amazing numbers. Here's the thing. People widely perceive that Kamala Harris won the debate, but it didn't change anybody's opinion. This is what I was saying yesterday on the show, is that she established that she doesn't always have to be incoherent if she kind of knows what's coming and if she's never thrown off her game by either the moderators or by her opponent. However, nobody has actually changed their opinion about Kamala Harris as a candidate.


Everybody already knows what they think of Trump, but that means that this thing is gonna come down to extremely slim margins in all of the swing states. As I said yesterday, in fact, the Wall Street Journal interviewed a bunch of undecided voters about who won the Trump Harris debate. And what they basically found is that the debate did not shake their previously held motions about Trump and Harris and where they stand on the issues like the economy, immigration or conflict overseas. So for example, Sabrina Champ, age 47, who lives in Arizona in 2020, she wrote in Bernie Sanders in 2024, she's leaning Trump. She says nobody won the debate. She said she baited for him, she baited him, he fell for it. That was disappointing. But as far as Kamala is concerned, I didn't see a lot of policy. Or for example, example, Jessica Malad, age 40 from Pennsylvania.


She voted for Biden in 20 20, 20 24. She's undecided. She said that while she believes that Harris won the debate, she says that she's found herself more drawn to Republicans this election cycle and thinks Trump would be stronger than Harris on some of her priorities, including the need to show strong support for Israel. She said that she didn't know what to do when Trump started talking about eating dogs, but it didn't change her fundamental opinion of how exactly this is going to work. Or Kevin Walsh, who is a self-described Democrat from Pennsylvania, he voted for Trump in 2020, he's gonna vote again for Trump. He says, I don't think Trump did very well. I expected more out of him, but she didn't gimme any information I didn't already have. It was frustrating to me as a voter.


Now again, I think that the, the basic idea here is that if Kamala Harris wishes to win this race, at some point, she's gonna actually have to draw a distinction between herself and Joe Biden, which is something that she is pretty clearly not willing to do. The big distinction between her and Joe Biden is that she's not personally an old 80-year-old white man. That is, that it's the big distinction that's literally all she can do to distinguish herself because on ideology, she refuses to actually create gaps with the current Biden White House because if she did, she'd have to revert back to her positions from 20 19, 20 20. This is perfectly obvious when you hear the Harris campaign talk about this. For example, yesterday, Harris co-chairman Mitch Landro, he said that she helped Joe Biden do all of the things, do that.


That was, that was her big, she, so she's tied at the hip to Joe Biden. She was in the room, she made the decisions. How exactly does she draw to the distinction with an incredibly unpopular president? I think Joe Biden's gonna go down in history as being one of the most consequential presidents in, in the history of America. And she was his vice president and she helped him do all the things that were were done in the, in the Biden time that she was there. And I think that she's proud of that. But nobody should be unclear of the fact that she is our own person. That is the point that she was trying to make to Donald Trump. Okay, well, she can say she's her own person, but what about her makes her her own person? If she's just a fresh coat of paint on the crappy old jalopy, the Democrats have been trotting out for several election cycles at this point, pretending it's a brand new Lamborghini.


This is the problem. And so she's just gonna campaign on vibes. It's just gonna be vibes all the way on in, which is why again, it is up to Donald Trump to define her. He needs to define her. There is no choice but to define her. It's all vibes all the way down. Representative James Clyburn, Democrat from South Carolina, he says, the thing is about Kamala is that people love Kamala. They just love her. What what about her? Well, her, you know, like her, her vibes, Progressives love her. Conservatives respect her. She is the contestable American. Okay? Meanwhile, Kamala Harris on the campaign trail, she has nothing to say about policy at all.


She just keeps sounding exactly like CODOs from the Simpsons. When CODOs takes over a body in, in treehouse of horror and decides to run for president twirling twirling t toward the future, twirling and twirling, here we go. We'll move forward. We'll move forward. Because ours is a fight for the future. And it's a fight for freedom. Freedom, just like when she was a baby freedom, the Fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do.


Okay? So forward to the future as opposed to forward to the past or laterally or perhaps diagonally. Meanwhile, they're trying out Tim Walls, who looks like he got into hunter's cocaine stash. And he is, he's really rocking it on the campaign trail. Thank you. Grand Rapids. He's clapping with a nut. And then, oh my God, what, what is up? Why, why is he like a terrible actor in a, in a musical and he's gonna do jazz hands. Now there, there're the jazz hands. There we go. He's like, well, who's he waving to now? He is like looking up at the sky and pointing to everybody. What in the world is going on with that guy? He's such a weirdo. I'm sorry, is he's a weird guy.


He's just a weird dude. But that's what it's, it's weirdness and vibes and beta male energy and also of course shouting that Donald Trump supporters are the scum of the earth. MSNBC's Joy Reed. Yesterday she head on Eli Mistol, who of course despises Republicans. And they both suggested that the problem in America is not just Trump, of course, who is the fond head of all evil. It is all of his supporters who are similarly evil. Everything he does is Despicable. The reason why it doesn't end his career is because his supporters are just as despicable. All right? Like Trump's whole thing, he's a narcissist, right? And so his whole thing is to have a complete lack of compassion and empathy for everybody else.


It's all about him. That's why he lies about nine 11. It's all about him, him, him, me, me, me. It's, he's probably the least compassionate president we've had in 200 years since Andrew Jackson. And it works for him because his supporters are just as ungenerous and have just as little compassion and empathy for others. So when he is seen out there, essentially as, as you guys have put it, desecrating our national symbols as he, when he is seen out there putting himself above all else, his supporters also want that to be the case. They wanna do that in their own lives. They want, they, that's how they think of themselves. Yeah, and They also, he, he hates the people they hate.


These are just wonderful folks. See, you wanna desecrate national symbols. I love that they sit there after the BLM summer of tearing down statues and talk about desecrating national symbols. It's always very,


it's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brands, silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle-free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They'll do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


So it's a vibes election for Kamala Harris. The problem of course, is that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden are tied at the hip and their policies continue to suck unlike every possible level. So for example, Afghanistan, complete disaster. One of the great frustrations of watching the debate earlier this week was watching as Donald Trump failed to take advantage of opportunities provided for him on a silver platter. Kamala Harris literally said in that debate, she had no rets, no rets whatsoever with regard to Afghanistan. None. That is the biggest opening in world history. Donald Trump should have charged through that thing like an angry bull. He should have said, listen, vice president, you said you have no regrets. How about like the 13 regrets? You know, like the 13 dead American soldiers. I went to their grave sites, you dinged me for going to their grave sites while ignoring their families.


How about the 19 million women? You say you're for women's rights, you say that you actually care. You're super, super compassionate, super empathetic. You care so much about girls and women all over the world. You are perfectly willing to let 19 million women get stuffed into burkas in the basement, forcibly married to men, 20 years their elder, and kept away from every aspect of education and beaten. If they don't comply, you are perfectly willing to do that for your own glorification. Don't, don't lecture me about empathy and compassion. And he would've been totally right. Here's NATO's Jens Stoltenberg who is the head of NATO saying that post NATO Afghanistan is a complete disaster area. Of course it is. Of course it is. Why isn't this like the number one issue in the election?


It should be, it's the most humiliating moment in American foreign policy of my lifetime by far. We can safely say that it's gone 360 back to Taliban 1.0. I mean that is a catastrophe, in fact, yeah, Extremely bad under catastrophe, not least for the people of Afghanistan, in particular women and I, I met many women members of Parliament journalists who begged us to stay. And for many years I promised that we will stay. We were going to leave on a conditions space approach. Yeah. So we were only going to leave when we had the confidence that the African government was able to take over and, and, and, and secure the country.


Meanwhile, Kamala Harris continues to lie about the economic program of President Trump. She said again in her rally yesterday that Goldman Sachs had analyzed their various plans and come up with the idea that her plan would make the economy boom and his economy would crater. Well, Goldman Sachs' CEO last night was like, no, that's not true. We never said that. That report, which was mentioned last night in the debate, came from an independent analyst. And it's, it's interesting Scott, I think a lot more has been made of this than should be. What the report did is it looked at a handful of policy issues that have been put out by both sides and it tried to model their impact on GDP growth. And the reason I say a bigger deal's been made of it is what it showed is the difference between the sets of policies that they put forward was about two tenths of 1%.


I think our clients are trying to look at what's going on from a policy perspective and make judgements. I think this blew up into something that's bigger than what it was intended to be. So in other words, she was lying about all of that because of course she has to lie. She has to lie about Afghanistan, she has to lie about the economy, she has to lie about immigration. You know, all of this stupid talk about whether dogs and cats are being eaten in in Springfield, which again, president Trump, for whatever reason, he tends to glom onto whatever is the memes thing of the day and the memes thing of the day. That debate was all of the grok AI photos of Donald Trump protecting cats and geese and such. And so Trump, it got it in his head as he saw it on tv that they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, eating them in Springfield and it's become kind of a viral TikTok meme and it's pretty funny.


But the reality is that underlying all that is a pretty serious issue in Springfield, Ohio here, for example, is a, a resident of Springfield, Ohio, talking about how there are lots of homeless people on the streets of Springfield, Ohio. None of those people are being given stipends by the federal government so they can get housing. But new Haitian immigrants are The homeless problem. I don't know of a single homeless Haitian in this town because they all got vouchers, but I can show you a whole bunch of people that have been displaced. 'cause I'm that guy, Rob. You know, for 25 years I've worked with the homeless in this community.


Now I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the Bulletin branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bulletin branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all. Bull and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Bull and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bullandbranch.com slash BEN. That's bull and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ BEN for 20% off and free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ BEN for 20% off and free shipping


delivered it is again, these are all major problems and Kamala Harris is ignoring all of them in favor of Jabber about vibes and compassion and the future. Now they're very serious economic problems on the way and Kamala Harris is a deeply unserious person. So for example, we just found out yesterday that interest payments on the national debt have topped $1 trillion this year. According to CNBC, the US government for the first time has now spent more than a trillion dollars on interest payments for $35.3 trillion national debt with the Federal Reserve holding benchmark rates at their highest in 23 years, the government has laid out $1.049 trillion on debt service up 30% for the same period to go and part of a projected $1.158 trillion in payments for the full year.


Subtracting the interest the government earns on its own investments, net interest payments have totaled $843 billion. We are now spending more money paying back our debt, the interest on the debt, we're not paying the actual principle back on the debt. We're spending more money on that than anything in the American budget except for Social security and Medicare that jump in debt. Service costs came as the US budget deficit surged in August engine close to $2 trillion for the full year. Now I want to show you this chart. This is a chart of American interest payments as you, these are interest payments on the debt, what we owe to other countries on the debt. As you can see, if you go all the way back to the fifties, the answer is pretty much nothing. Pretty much nothing. And then it started to climb in the sixties fairly consistently until you hit the, the late 1970s, the mid to late 1970s.


And then the trajectory started to climb even more and it set on this new very, very steep trajectory going from approximately $50 billion all the way up to continuously about $350 billion in about a little before the year 2000. Then the interest payments on the debt started to come down from that late nineties period through the mid two thousands. They started to climb again, fairly precipitously until you hit the 2008 crash. And they kind of bounced around a little bit and then, and then the 2020 pandemic and it's aftermath and they just went line that goes straight up. It's a line that goes straight up. And that is Joe Biden's inflationary policy because we took out more money to spend, which means we have to pay more money back.


And we took it out at exorbitant interest rates because we had to increase the interest rates in order to jack down the inflation. And so what you end up with is a jump from approximately $587 billion in servicing the interest on the national debt in the year 2019 to $1 trillion today, $1 trillion. And that's only gonna continue to grow the amount we owe in terms of our interest. Bill continues to spike. So does the national debt as late as 2014. As late as 2014, the US national debt was $18 trillion. Today the national debt is $35 trillion.


In the course of one decade, we full on doubled the national debt in this country. That is totally unsustainable. And when Kamala Harris says she's gonna solve that by continuing to spend on massive social programs, what she really means is that she's not gonna solve it at all. If she believes she's gonna solve our nation's economic and fiscal problems by taxing rich people, she's out of her mind. There are only two things that can happen here in order to solve this problem. One is massive economic growth and the other is reduction in spending and they have to be combined. The reality is the three biggest items. Notice the military budget is not one of these. The three biggest items that are driving America's national debt and the interest on the national debt are payments on the interest on our national debt, Medicare and Social Security.


Those are the big three and we're not touching any of those until we actually lower our spending. We can outgrow some of our problems, but we can't outgrow all of these problems. Phil Graham and Jody Arrington have a piece in the Wall Street Journal yesterday pointing out that welfare is what is eating the budget. They say ask any budget expert in Washington to explain the ballooning deficit and debt. Social security and Medicare will be high on the list of causes that's wrong. The real driver, the elephant in the room is means-tested social welfare spending, Medicaid food stamps, refundable tax credits, supplemental social security income, temporary assistance for needy families, federal housing subsidies, and almost 100 other programs whose eligibility is limited to those below an income threshold. True Social security and Medicare are a drain on general revenue and will become big fiscal problems if not reformed, but they aren't the major source of our current fiscal crisis because both are financed in large part by dedicated payroll taxes.


Since its inception, social security has bruised cash surplus is 60% of the time. In 2023, social Security payroll taxes funded about 89% of benefits means tested welfare programs. However, totaled $1.6 trillion in 2023. Welfare spending now absorbs an astonishing 73% of Unobligated general revenue. That is total revenue net Social Security and Medical Me Medicare payroll taxes, which are earmarked for those purposes as well as interest on the public debt. It is larger than the claims against Unobligated General Revenue by Social Security, Medicare and Defense combined. So these gigantic welfare payments that Kamala Harris wishes to structure will only exacerbate this problem by leaps and bounds.


So you could see a world where we restructure social security or Medicare, you could see a world where we outgrow even some of our problems, but you're not going to outgrow the problem of continuing to stack debt on top of debt, on top of debt, all in order to pay off particular political constituencies, which is exactly what Kamala Harris wants to do. She's promising free money and then more free money and then after that, even more free money. That is her promise. So if you wanna know whether the the American economy is going to stagnate the answer under Kamala Harris is absolutely yes, she's going to regulate the hell outta business, she's gonna tax it if it ain't dead. And then she's going to spend every dollar she can find on paying off particular political constituencies in the name of equity.


Those are the things she's going to do. Pretending that she is a fiscally responsible actor is absurd. Now both parties are fiscally irresponsible, but one is a lot more fiscally irresponsible than the other when it comes to spending on programs that never sunset and only grow. The Democratic Party has set in place every major social welfare payment in the United States. I know some people celebrate that. That's nothing to celebrate when you're talking about a $35 trillion national debt growing by leaps and bounds every single year. And it'll only get worse under Kamala Harris if you imagine that the economy is a horse and that horse is capable of carrying a certain amount of welfare burden.


We have now stacked in elephants worth of welfare burden on top of the horse. The horse about to collapse In just one second, we'll get to President Trump, who is attempting to fight back in the campaign.


First, as we spoke about earlier today, is the Daily Wire's first ever theatrical release mi racist. It's now playing in over 1500 theaters across the nation. That's correct. 1500 theaters coast to coast. So there's probably a theater near you showing it that a man has been nothing short of shocking to the movie industry. Theaters were selling out during presale, something that barely ever happens. With your help, we're proving Hollywood wrong, taking on the left in their weird agenda with the most outrageous comedy to hit the big screen. Since Borad is important, the only way to see Mi racist is in theaters starting today. Do not wait. Head on over to mi racist.com, type in your city or zip code, grab your tickets and showtimes right now. Let's make this opening weekend impossible to ignore. Get your tickets, fill the seats, help us dominate the box office this weekend.


Also this Sunday we'll be releasing a brand new episode of the Sunday special with historian Neil Ferguson. Neil of course is there to comment on the big interview that Tucker Carlson did with a person named Darrell Cooper with regard to the origins of World War ii, in which Cooper suggested that the big villain was Winston Churchill. Neil has written many books including a book called The Wars of the World, all about World Wars I and two, it's a great investigation into the causes of World War ii, the entire history of World War ii. Fascinating stuff and Neil of course knows pretty much everything on this subject. Here's a bit of the trailer, But it's a a fact that Britain has become a multi-ethnic and multiracial society as the United States is today.


And London is a cos cosmopolitan city the way New York is. These are realities. If your response to these cities is, I wish Hitler had won World War ii, then it seems to me really don't have a a place in a serious discourse about these issues. You've exposed yourself as somebody who would like to be aligned with the genocidal killers of the 1930s and 1940s. Don't miss this incredible episode of the Sunday Special with my friend Neil Ferguson. Folks, we'll get to President Trump's campaign and how he needs to fight back against Kamala Harris in just one second. First, a little bit earlier this week we had the opportunity to sit down with Justin Folk.


He's the director of Matt's brand new movie in theaters today, MI Racist. Here's what it sounded like, folks. I'm here with Justin Folk. He is of course a film producer and director. After working in Hollywood on films like The Matrix Reloaded and Revolutions and the Incredible Hulk, Justin shifted his creative efforts to create films with a cultural impact. He produced and directed the Smash it film. What is a Woman starring our own Matt Walsh. It's one of the most watched documentaries of all time. It's been translated into nearly a dozen languages worldwide. And of course he's now teamed up again with Matt and recently produced and directed the film Am I Racist Sets Release Nationwide in theater. September 13th, 2024. Justin, thanks for stopping by. Thanks for having me. Exciting. So I've seen the film, it's awesome.


Tell me about the genesis of this film. Where did this come from? I mean, it comes on the heels of What is a Woman. You, you mentioned there was a woman there. We had great success in terms of getting a message out there, making a huge cultural impact. So, you know, we didn't wanna get off the train honestly. We, we were like, we have a good thing going here with Matt and our team, awesome team of producers, and we just like, okay, what can we do next and what's the issue that we we can do next? And how are we gonna go about it? We didn't wanna make a sequel per se, so we, we, we knew we had to kind of go bigger than the last film. And so we, we decided, hey, how, how do we do this? How do we go bigger and not make just a What is a Woman part two this, this time on race. So we really kind of got up a bunch of minds in a, in a room and came up with a lot of ideas, some good, some bad, and came out the other side with this idea to take Matt on this journey and sort of do a, you know, if one of a What is a Woman kind of does a zig, this one does a zag, you know, what does woman Matt learns about the issue ultimately goes and kind of fights against it, stands up against it in this, in this movie he does the opposite.


He basically learns about it and becomes one of them and we take things to their logical conclusions. So it was just after what is woman, we decided, hey, let's do this again, but let's, let's go bigger. Let's go bigger this Time. So what's it like working with Matt? I mean he's obviously as, as Jeremy boring puts it sociopathic. I mean, you, you watch him in this film and it's so hard to watch the interaction between him and some of these anti-racist educators and figures who're being paid thousands of dollars to be there. And Matt just keeps like digging deeper and deeper with them and every time you think that there's, he's reached the center of the onion, there's m more layers of him just making it awkward with them. How is it working with Matt? I mean Matt is like four D chess out there.


Like he and, and and you can't read him, right? So don't ever play poker with Matt Walsh, just don't do it because he doesn't show anything. And so he's able to, in those conversations, he's able to kind of move it this way and move it that way almost like a, a cat with a ball of yarn. He can just kind of bat that person around a little bit. You know, the scene with Robin DeAngelo is just a masterful example of, of Matt really knowing where he wants to take it and then finding the path to get there. And so he's a unique talent obviously, to be not just a guy who who who knows about these ideas, but to drop him in a situation like that, that's high pressure and there's no second takes. And for him to just sort of navigate around and just sort of, kind of lead that person around like they're on a leash.


It's, it's, it's, it's amazing to watch. I mean, I, one of the questions that occurs to me, and I'm an executive Bruce around the film, but one of the things that occurs to me watching it, 'cause I've only seen actually like an early product and then the very, very yeah, final form of, of the film. I, when you're doing things like there's a, a grief therapy session for white people and it's unbelievable and Matt is hysterically funny and it, I mean, how, how do you even set up that scenario? Because obviously you have cameras in the room, you have microphones in the room, people know they're on film, I would assume. Yeah. While they're in the room. I mean, it's not like it's a hidden camera thing. Right. And so were you surprised at how much people were, were, were sort of willing to be themselves in front of a camera and mic? I mean, to a certain degree, yes. I mean, our job, my job as a director is to basically create the sandbox for Matt to play in.


And there's a lot of preparation that goes into that. So that involves reaching out to these people, saying to them, Hey, we'd love to film your workshop, your support group workshop. We're doing a film on anti-racism. You guys are an example of sort of anti-racism and, and how, you know, how how that can go. And so we would, you know, get their permission to basically just film a workshop, do their normal thing. We were like, don't, don't change anything you're doing. We just wanna observe. And, and then, you know, just parachuting Matt into the scene as the extra element that kind of, you know, to spice things up. So I'm always surprised when you hear these people in real life say what they have to say. And, and really that's the whole point of the film, right, is to, so to show Americans this is what these people believe, this is what they're pushing on the rest of us.


And we as Americans need to know like, is this really direction, the direction that we wanna take ourselves? And so very important just to show them in their own words. And we didn't take them outta context. We don't edit them outta context, we just show 'em for, for what they truly are, what they truly believe. And we let the chips, you know, basically fall from there for Americans to decide. I Mean it, well one of the things that's really striking there, there's a scene that happens in, in the film where, where Matt actually just goes, goes and talks to kind of normy Americans. He goes to a bar and he goes to an auto shop and, and he just talks with, with normal Americans. And the difference between kind of the normal American who just has a baseline understanding of biblical values, like be kind to your neighbor and treat your neighbor how you would wanna be treated, and the pseudo-intellectual nonsense, the jargon that's just spewed by these people.


It you, it's beautifully juxtaposed. I mean you really see in, in true color kind of the difference between people who are good and people who manipulate for money and for power and for grift. It's amazing. Yeah. And you know, this isn't just a funny movie. It's a very, it's a funny move about a very serious topic. And so it was very important to have that contrast. It was important to have those regular everyday people that live their lives and aren't part of this crazy, crazy division that's taking place. In fact, it's actually the heart and soul of the movie. When people watch the movie, they look at the scene. We, we interviewed a guy named Milton down in New Orleans, and he is the heart and soul of the film. He's just a guy that's that's had a good go here in America.


He loves the country. And Matt sits down with him and Matt asks him kind of these crazy questions coming from the perspective of a, you know, a DEI, you know, race hustler. And he just doesn't buy it. He's, he just starts laughing. He's like, this is crazy. And and we noticed of course, that whether they were black, whether they were white, they basically had the same exact message when Matt talked to them, these regular everyday people. And then when we hold that in contrast to these so-called experts, these people that are pushing this stuff, it, it, it really is astounding, you know, the, the, the chasm that's there. So When you were filming it, what was the scene where you finished filming the scene and you and Matt just sort of like high-fived each other? You're like, man, It was a, it was a couple of those.


There was a couple of those. I will say like the, the workshop scene at the end where, you know, it was a bit of a social experiment. We put these people in a room and Matt is teaching a DEI course based on everything he's sort of learned along the way. So these are all their ideas and we're just showing them to their logical conclusion. But at the end of that scene, we have this scene, I don't wanna give away too many spoilers, but we have this crazy scene with Matt and his uncle, uncle Frank, and we never know how this is going to go. We thought people would walk out of the workshop because they'd be upset with Matt because how he's treat, how he treats his uncle in that scene. But in fact, the opposite happened. They piled on, they piled on to what Matt was doing.


And that was extremely shocking. And I remember when we were done filming that, Matt walks over to me and he just is like, man, that was dark. That was dark. And although a funny scene, it actually kind of points to a very fundamental kind of a deep, deep problem in our society that, that we've gotten this far, that people would be in a situation like that and want to pile on. It just shows you what this all leads To. So yeah, obviously the, these films are a huge process. They're a huge journey. And now at the end of this one, we're taking it to theaters. This is the first time that Daily Wire has ever released a movie in, in theaters. It's gonna be released to at least over 1500 screens last we heard over the weekend, which is an amazing thing for a documentary.


Talk a little bit about like how important that is. You've had movies in theaters before, but nothing like this. It's, it's a beautiful thing and I'm, I'm so proud of everybody, our distributor, SDG and everything they've done. Of course, The, Daily, Wire for, I mean, nobody else would make a movie like this. Daily Wire, I, nobody else would do it. The collaboration with you and Jeremy Boring and everybody on the team to make this happen is, is really amazing thing. And it's not easy, you know, theaters don't usually take movies like this. We had to kind of prove ourselves to do that. They gave us a certain amount of screens and then pre-sales were good, and then we got to expand. But it's huge in terms of culture because people look at movies differently than they do.


No offense, but podcasts and everything else, for sure. Of course, you know, course one's A permanent piece of culture and why is day to day, I mean, and so it's, for us to kind of break into that, into that sphere is, is very important. And to get our message delivered to just reg regular everyday Americans that may be a little bit tuned out on the issues, but to drop this piece of culture in their laps and get them to think about these things is, is so important. And for us to, to be the ones that entertain and make people laugh. So important for us as conservatives to be able to do that. And we haven't always done it Well. Times are changing and I'm, I'm thrilled. I'm, I'm very lucky to be part of that, you know, to be able to be, to do a movie like, like this with Matt and with, with Daily Wire, it's an incredible privilege.


And we just are betting, we are absolutely betting on the fact that people will go out and support this thing that they've, they've been waiting a long time that Hollywood has been shoveling up the DRL for so long, and now here's an opportunity to say, no, this is the type of thing that I wanna support at the box office. So I think it's not just an opportunity for us as storytellers, it's, it's an opportunity for America to go out and be like, this is the kind of thing that I wanna see more of. Well, Justin, it's an amazing piece of work, honestly, like amazing Job by you, amazing job by Matt and, and folks, you really should go see it in the theater. September 13th is available. Bring all your friends because it's best watched in a group. We watched it the other night in a group together, and I gotta say with a crowd, it's hysterically funny. It's really, really, really funny.


You're gonna enjoy it. You're gonna learn a lot from it. Make sure you bring a liberal friend, because they'll learn a lot from it too. Go check it out. That of course is Am I Racist. And you can pre-buy your tickets and Am, I Racist.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumin apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road. I'm doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That Lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a Health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain real time insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health Go to Lumen, do me slash Shapiro get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen.me and use Shapiro for 15% off as you apply.


And meanwhile, president Trump's campaign has said that he's not going to debate anymore. As I suggested, that was probably going to happen. He says he is not gonna debate because why would he, unless the moderators could be agreed upon, there's no reason for him to do it. He did not perform well the other night. The format did not suit him. He was pathologically incapable of pursuing coherent points against her. That is his fault. And the moderators were awful and terrible. No good, very bad. Independently Trump did not do what he needed to do. However, there's still 50 days left of this campaign. And so what that means, he needs to be meticulously pursuing the campaign against her. We're getting some of that. So for example, president Trump has now said that he's going to eliminate taxes on overtime pay if he wins a second term in November.


He said, I'm announcing that as part of our additional tax cuts, we'll end all taxes on overtime. That gives people more of an incentive to work. It gives companies a lot, it's a lot easier to get people. He said, when workers are past 40 hours a week, your overtime hours will be tax free. The Harris campaign then called Trump's proposal, his latest snake oil sales pitch. So it'll be fun when they adopt that plan five minutes from now, presumably, because that's what they do. However, as I say, president Trump's campaign remains somewhat discombobulated. He needs to get on the rails now. So for example, president Trump, he, he's so susceptible to the Meanses. This is why the people who surround him need to be meticulous in their approach.


When they speak with him. There are people who he likes who hang out with him, who are speaking the latest internet memory into his ear. And because that is an echo chamber, it's easy for, for Trump to be too online. So yesterday, for example, Trump at a rally started talking about how Kamala Harris didn't work at McDonald's. Now, we actually don't know whether Kamala Harris ever worked at McDonald's. She says she did. The Washington Free Beacon has tried to dig into that and all the rest. However, is this going to be a key point in the campaign or is this just going to be sort of chum in the waters for the internet types? Like, how about this? How about stick to the issues on a meticulous level? Make her answer for her record. How about that? She's a liar.


She doesn't work at McDonald's. She said she worked at McDonald's, right? Right. She worked at McDonald's and she was working so hard. There's only one problem. She didn't work at McDonald's. She's a liar. Okay, so again, this is, this is really quite useless. I I, I don't see actually the purpose of this. And again, it might be fun for his base. The base is already jazzed. The base is ready to go. I'm gonna vote for him. Many people are already gonna vote for him. We don't need this. What we need is a meticulous attack directed toward the independence in this election. And I know what I'm about to say, kinda shocking to me as well. Marjorie Taylor Greene, the voice of reason in the room.


So there've been a lot of reports that Laura Loomer is hanging around with Trump. Now listen, there are a lot of problems with, with Laura Loomer, ma many, many issues with Laura Loomer, foremost among them. The simple fact is that Laura Loomer is very online, like super duper online means, sure, she says a lot of terrible things. She makes jokes that then Trump has to answer for, but also like this is all a red herring. Don't follow the shiny object in the room. Here's Marjorie Taylor Green speaking. Some semblance of reason here. This is such an important election. I I don't think that she has the experience or, or the right mentality to advise a very Important Why do you think the former, She's getting bad advice or he's getting bad advice from her.


I'm not involved in their conversation, so I can't weigh in on that. But I do know this, that her rhetoric and her tone is, is does not match the base. Does not match. Maga does not match most Republicans I know, and I I'm completely denouncing it. I'm over it. And I would encourage anyone else that matches her statements to stop. She ain't wrong. She ain't wrong. This election is too important to blow it over. Stupidity. It is, which means it's time to recalibrate and time to get back on track. The Trump train needs to be on track if he's going to reenter the White House. All righty guys coming up. We haven't done a mailbag in a while, so that's what we're gonna do. If you're not a member, become member.


Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Make Those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover, say out racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certifications. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones.


So inherently, yes, this Country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around? What? A black person right here. Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never been too careful. They gonna say you racist. IN THEATERS, NOW rated PG 13.