
Well, folks, it was a very hot weekend in the news. President Trump has made some significant gains with regard to the Panama Canal. So President Trump has been issuing a lot of threats over the Panama Canal, which of course was built by the United States back in the early 20th century, late 19th century. And President Trump has wanted to maintain control over the Panama Canal. It was handed over to the Panamanian government by Jimmy Carter, and that final facilitation of transfer happened in the 1990s. Over the course of time, and in the meantime, the Chinese have been using extraordinary power bribery graft in order to take control of two ends of the Panama Canal.


We have here a map of the Panama Canal. The Panama Canal is really important because it cuts down shipping time across the bottom of South America by 27 days. It allows instead all sorts of shipping traffic to be pushed through Panama. It's an amazing thing. I mean, I've been down to Panama. I've seen the Panama Canal in person. It's just locks on both ends. The water level is increased and lowered. In order to facilitate shipping, you have to pay a fee in order to go through if you are a shipper or if you are the US military. Apparently, one of the victories that President Trump has now won is that some of the fees will be gone for US military shipping across the Panama Canal. What you can see in this map, there are two sites on this map that are really important for folks who can't see it.


Panama, of course, is a very narrow bridge of land to spit of land that exists between North America and South America, and the Panama Canal carves across some parts of that spit of land to create a free flowing waterway that goes between the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. Balbo, which is on the Pacific coast of the Panama Canal, is controlled by the Chinese. At least they have a site there that is controlled by the Chinese. They were attempting originally to actually put their embassy on that part of the Panama Canal. A subsidiary of CK Hutchinson Holdings, which is a Chinese run company out of Hong Kong controls that port. They also control the crystal ball port, which is on the Atlantic side of the Panama Canal.


Why is that a concern? Well, the concern was that in case of some sort of serious conflict between the United States and China, the Chinese could use those cutout companies to basically obstruct traffic in the Panama Canal, preventing American warships from being able to transit that at a stretch of one day or two days, as opposed to 27 days is so President Trump said, listen, we're not going to allow the Chinese to effectively control ingress in egress from the Panama Canal. Here's President Trump talking about this yesterday. Secretary of State Rubio is in Panama, Panama right now, and we're talking about the Panama Canal. What they've done is terrible. They violated the agreement. They're not allowed to violate the agreement.


China's running the Panama Canal that was not given to China, that was given to Panama, foolishly, but they violated the agreement and we're gonna take it back or something. Very powerful is going to happen. Okay, so the question is, what is that threat designed to do? So Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, he said in his confirmation hearing that Beijing has the ability to turn the canal into a choke point in a moment of conflict, right? That's what I'm talking about. They could theoretically, for example, sink barges at both ends of the canal and prevent shipping traffic. You remember just a few years ago when the Suez Canal was blocked by one ship that went sideways, that could easily be done at certain choke points in the Panama Canal, which actually does get incredibly, incredibly narrow near the ends, both ends of the Panama Canal.


Over the past two decades, China has developed many economic ties with Panama, including through its Belt and Road initiative. The Chinese Belt and Road Initiative is a giant influence operation in which China, quote unquote gives you things. There are always strings attached. Those strings attached may be surveillance of your country. It may be control over significant national resources. That's what the Belt and Road Initiative is. So the victory that President Trump just won is that Panama has just announced that they will not renew the Belt and Road agreement with China. This makes it the first Latin American nation to leave the Belt and Road Initiative. Panamanian President Jose Molino said his country would not renew its agreement with the Belt and Road Initiative following a visit from Secretary of State Rubio over the weekend. Here is Molino.


A decision that I adopted and communicated to him is Marco Rubio, a memorandum of understanding of the year 2017 On The Road and Road Initiative will not be renewed by my government. We're Gonna study the possibility of whether it can be finished earlier or not, but I think it's his turn in one or two years, the renewal, because it is every three. So this initiative that was signed when it was signed at the time it was signed Will not be renewed by by government. So there are other countries in Latin and South America who are looking at the possibility of joining the Belt and Road Initiative, and they are no longer presumably going to do that, or at least they're going to take very seriously the possibility of not doing that.


Secretary of State Rubio tweeted what I met with Panamanian President Jose Mino and Foreign Minister jpa, to make clear that the United States cannot and will not allow the Chinese Communist Party to continue with its effective and growing control over the Panama Canal area. We also discussed efforts to end the hemisphere's mass migration crisis and ensure fair competition for US firms. This is an unmitigated good and President Trump throwing the United States' weight around with regards to Panama and achieving some quick results that is also apparently happening with regard to Venezuela. According to media, I six Americans were freed from captivity in Venezuela on Friday. As President Trump concluded his second week back in office, the government of President URA Maduro freed them after receiving pressure from the Trump administration. There's been a lot of talk about President Trump and his foreign policy looks like when it comes to the Monroe Doctrine.


He takes that very seriously. The idea that the Western Hemisphere is a United States pond, that of course, has been the stated goal of the United States since the early 19th century. But that is something that is being reinvigorated by the Trump administration. Secretary of State Rubio put out an entire piece in the Wall Street Journal explaining that the United States was gonna be shifting a lot of resources and attention to the Western Hemisphere, which of course makes perfect sense since we have mass migration crises, huge illegal immigration crises that are springing from the lack of American influence in places like Latin and South America. Now, meanwhile, Elon Musk is moving to blow up the US Aid and Development Agency. According to the Wall Street Journal, Elon Musk's allies are moving swiftly to exert control over vast swaths of the US government.


Musk oversaw a successful effort by his representatives to get direct access to a payment system that distributes trillions of dollars to Americans every year. Individuals working for Doge access the US Agency for International Development. Following a clash with security officials, the moves marked the start of a far reaching campaign by Musk to upend the Federal government Agency by agency. According to his allies, the effort prompted outrage from Democrats and some Republicans who said that Musk doesn't have the authority to overturn programs and spending priorities decided by Congress. They also raised concerns about the nature of Musk's operation because of course, he has not been Senate confirmed in any way, shape, or form. Doge had initially been conceived as a sort of advisory outside panel, but Doge instead is actually operating inside the US government in many ways, which of course violates the Senate's advice and consent procedures.


So if we're gonna do this, then it should go through Senate advice. And now, what is Musk doing? Well, some of what Musky is doing is obviously great. He's going through it and he's cutting an enormous amount of waste and fraud in the program. He's shutting down programs that are wildly inefficient. Must said he was on track to cut federal spending by $4 billion a day. He said career treasury officials were routinely making illegal payments. The treasury press office didn't respond on Sunday to a request for comment. Now meanwhile, this is broken out into the open because of controversy over us, A ID. On Saturday, roughly eight, doge representatives sought access to classified systems and floors at the U-S-A-I-D building in downtown Washington. Security officials initially resisted Doge representatives requests.


The security officials, John Vorhees and his deputy were then put on administrative leave for not complying. Now, let's be real about this. The president of the United States is in control of the Treasury Department and U-S-A-I-D. So if the president of the United States decides to quote unquote declassify material he can, he has the summary power to declassify material. As we learned to our great chagrin over the course of the last four years when we had many, many conversations about what the president and could not do in declassifying material, the DOJA representatives were given access to at least the executive secretariat, a nerve center for coordination and communication for the agency's highest levels in the office of the General Counsel, the U, the current USAD official and Senate Democratic Aid said now, U-S-A-I-D is filled with extraordinary draft.


It is a 10,000 person, $40 billion agency. Musk posted on X over the weekend that U-S-A-I-D was a corrupt organization filled with Marxist staffers providing no evidence for his broad sides according to the Wall Street Journal. But it is true that the U-S-A-I-D has given enormous amounts of aid, billions of dollars in aid to foreign organizations, non-governmental organizations, many of whom are dedicated to doing leftwing agile prop work abroad. Now, there is one problem. The problem is that if you actually destroy U-S-A-I-D as a functioning agency rather than going in with a scalpel, then what you actually could be doing unfortunately, is sort of an unintended consequence of breaking things and moving fast is opening the door to things like China's Belt and Road Initiative, okay?


Because if U-S-A-I-D is giving aid and a lot of that aid is crap and should go away, but if it's giving some aid that is good to countries, for example, that are wavering between United States influence and Chinese influence, and then you withdraw, Chinese influence grows. If you don't like the Belt and Road Initiative in Panama, you shouldn't like the Belt and Road Initiative in Africa or in Southeast Asia or in any other place that China is attempting to spread its tentacles. Again, in the world of tech, moving fast, breaking things, blowing things up, having to rebuild them, that's just the way the business is done in the world of government. If you are, for example, a foreign country that is reliant on us, A ID to sort of prop you up and that goes away, do you think you're just gonna sit there and wait for the United States to figure out its bleep?


Or are you just gonna turn to China? China is quite happy about this particular move. One particular account on Twitter, which is, shall we say, very, very Chinese friendly, is celebratory about the death of us. A ID quote, because us A ID isn't really a humanitarian aid agency. It's a covert intelligence arm funding, COOs protest and regime changes. What exactly are some of the things that this person objects to? That U-S-A-I-D opposed the Cuban regime? The Venezuelan regime opposed the Bolivian regime opposed. For example, the Taliban in Afghanistan, that it was a front for counterinsurgency operations. Okay, those are all good things that are in the United States. Interest.


Well, folks, we was an awful lot of money in this country, but there is no reason why you should waste your own money. This is why you should use PureTalk. This country was founded on freedom. Freedom from a country that forced us to buy their overpriced tea and then tried blockading us. We dumped their tea into the ocean. How'd that work out for Great Britain? Well, it's time to throw your overpriced big wireless contract overboard as well. You don't need to pay hundreds of dollars a month just to get a free phone. PureTalk, my cell phone company says no to inflated prices with a qualifying plan of just 45 bucks a month. You can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for $0. And yes, this is for premium service, unlimited talk text, 25 gigs of data and mobile hotspot at a fraction of the price of the big guys. All on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Get your iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy for $0 by visiting PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today. Switching is simple. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to claim your new iPhone or Galaxy with qualifying purchase From PureTalk America's wireless company, I'm using PureTalk myself for years, all of my trusted phone calls happen using PureTalk. They have great coverage, great price, go check 'em out right now. PureTalk dot com slash shapiro claim your new iPhone or Galaxy with qualifying purchase. Again, that's PureTalk, America's Wireless company.


Also, you know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is fun. It could definitely be a little better. And guess what? It can. Let me tell you how to make shooting more safe, more fun, and overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you are missing out. Trust me, once you shoot suppressed, you're never gonna wanna shoot Unsuppressed again. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure you're shooting experiences. Awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer so you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year? Invest in a suppressor, completely upgrade your shooting experience. The best part, silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all the paperwork so you don't have to. With their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started in minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit silencer shop.com/shapiro, turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade that silencer shop.com/shapiro silencer shop is the best way to get a suppressor that silencer shop.com/shapiro.


So China could be like two things can be true at once. As always, as always, and this is I think really important when it comes to the policy of an administration that I support. Many things can be true at once. Policy is complex and shaded. It's not all good and it's not all bad. When it comes to things like U-S-A-I-D, again, going through in targeted precise fashion and nuking programs within U-S-A-I-D that need to die would be a wonderful good, and Doge can do an amazing amount of good there. At the same time, K nuking, the entire agency, for example, could be opening the door to Chinese influence operations in a wide variety of areas all over the globe that the United States is then gonna have to backfill. And that could be a problem because China is fully stalwart about all this stuff.


China will always offer you a check. China is perfectly willing to bribe anyone. China is corrupt. China is tyrannical. The Chinese regime, the CCP regime is evil. Full stop. It is an evil regime. It is not our friend. It is not our friendly competitor. The Chinese regime is an oppressive communist tyranny that steals IP, undercuts American markets and targets all of America's interest for destruction. That is what China does. Okay? So just recognize that we live in a world filled with harsh enemies who are perfectly willing to fill gaps left by the United States. And you may be willing to say, okay, fine, whatever. We leave a gap, China fills it. Do we really care enough? And that's an open question. Depends on the interest. Some interests just aren't worth it. However, we should be at least smart enough to acknowledge that there are effects of a vacuum created by the United States.


That is a rather important thing. Okay, back on the good side of ledger. President Trump is apparently killing aid to South Africa. This, of course, is a good thing because when it comes to South Africa, South Africa has become an increasingly racist state focused on expropriating the property of whites. Now, you can talk about the evils of South African Apartheid, which of course were tremendously evil. And you can also point out that the way to come together after the demise of an apartheid regime would not be Confiscatory policy designed to harm the white people in Africa in racist fashion. That's exactly what the South African government has done. That's what the Zimbabwean government did.


Also, by the way, completely destroying the country in the process, South Africa has pushed forward an expropriation measure signed by the president Cy Za, designed to bring land reform in the public interest, meaning just seize property, presumably from white farmers, disproportionately South Africa, by the way, because it is impoverished itself in ways that it need not because South Africa has pursued a Racialist policy, because South Africa's identity is largely tied up and its sort of anti-colonialism mindset. It has also become a play thing of places like Iran and China, who very often are funneling money in South Africa. President Trump was like, no, we're done with this. We're not cut. We're not gonna give aid to a country that is in racist fashion, seeking to exp appropriate property from white farmers.


You said that you were gonna cut aid from South Africa. Will you plan to cut aid across other African nations? And why South Africa? No, it's only South Africa. Terrible things are happening in South Africa. The leadership is doing some terrible things, horrible things. So that's under investigation right now. We'll make a determination. And until such time as we find out what South Africa's doing, they're taking away land, they're confiscating land, and actually they're doing things that are perhaps far worse than that. He's absolutely right about this. And the fact that it was ignored, Nate forwarded by the Secretary of State under the Biden administration is a tragedy.


South Africa is a deeply corrupt, criminality filled state. It is a V, it is a failing state, and the fact that we've been pouring money into it is a disgrace. So good move by the Trump administration on that. Speaking of other good foreign policy moves now, I think all of the talk about President Trump being in isolation as president, it's kind of weird because what we're seeing so far is definitely not isolationism. President Trump on Saturday announced that he had ordered military airstrikes in Somalia, taking out a senior ISIS attack planner and other terrorists the planner had recruited. According to Fox News, the strikes come just weeks after an isis. In spite terrorist killed 14 people and injured dozens more. After plowing a truck into New Year's year's Eve revelers in New Orleans, Trump said, quote these killers, we found Heidi and caves threatened the United States and our allies.


Trump said the strikes destroyed the caves the terrorists were living in. And quote, did not in any way harm civilians. He said, our military has targeted this ISIS attack planner for years. Biden and his cronies would not quickly enough to get the job done. I did the message to ISIS and all others who would attack Americans is We will find you and we will kill you. This is very, very good. Obviously, secretary of State, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, who of course is excellent, put out a statement saying, I authorized US Africa Command to conduct coordinated airstrikes today targeting isis, Somalia operatives in the Goalless Mountains. Our initial assessment is that the multiple operatives were killed in the airstrikes, no civilians were harmed. This action further degrades ICE's ability to plot and conduct terror attacks threatening US citizens, our partners, and innocent civilians.


He said that strikes should send a clear signal. The US stands ready to find and eliminate terrorists who threaten the country and its allies, even as it carries out robust border protections at home. So again, this sort of isolationist notion that that is what Trump is all about. I have yet to see the evidence of that. Well, meanwhile, the big story of the weekend is that President Trump is going to launch these massive tariffs on Canada and China and Mexico, and the tariffs were basically 25% tariffs blanket on Canadian product, 25% blanket tariffs on Mexican product, 10% blanket tariffs on Chinese product. There were some exceptions for oil that was coming in from Canada. And the big question when it comes to tariffs is whether President Trump is using 'em as leverage or whether he's doing this ideologically. This is always the big question with President Trump, because using them as leverage, he's been quite successful.


There is no one in the business world who is better at leverage than President Trump when it comes to making deals. President Trump loves the leverage and he gets what he wants. He did this just a couple of weeks ago with regard to Columbia, the country, not the university. He threatened them with 25% tariffs and said they would escalate unless they took back illegal immigrants and they immediately caved. Well, it seems as though that may be what is happening as of Monday. Now, president Trump was sending some vague signals here. He was announcing, and he sent a few different signals here. He said, listen, I like tariffs. Tariffs are now, maybe again, the reason that he is talking up tariffs as a policy is because this is a great strategy. When you're playing chicken, you put a brick on the accelerator and you say, listen, I'm perfectly happy to go off this cliff. You wanna go off the cliff? Let's do this thing, man. Let's make it happen.


And so he talks up tariffs as a way of saying, listen, I don't mind. We'll do it. You think we won't do it, we will 100% do it right. This is not a bl. I'm happy and I'd rather do it. And then when he gets what he wants, he can back off the tariffs. That seems to be the strategy he's employing here. Here is President Trump announcing the tariffs. This would've been on Saturday, Mr. President, is there anything China, Canada, and Mexico can do tonight to forestall your implementation of tariffs tomorrow? No, nothing. Not right now. No. Not a negotiating tool. No, it's not. No. It's a pure economic, we have big deficits with, as you know, with all three of 'em. And in one case, they're sending massive amounts of Fentanyl, killing hundreds of thousands of people a year with a fentanyl.


And in the other two cases, they're making it possible for this poison to get in, number one. And number two, we have big deficits and it's something we're doing and we'll, we'll possibly very substantially increase it. We're not, we'll see how it is, but it's, it's a lot of money coming to the United States. As you know, we have about a $200 billion deficit with, with a candidate getting close to $200 billion. It's, they've treated us very unfairly. And I say, why should we be subsidizing Canada? They, you know, it's wonderful. I have so many friends in Canada. It's a great place. Is There a concession you're looking for, sir?


No, we're not looking for a concession. And we'll just see what happens. We'll see what happens. So with Mexico, it's the same thing. We have a $250 billion deficit and we have a lot of people coming into the border. And now we've largely stopped that, but we've stopped that ourselves at at, I think they've done a fantastic job. You've seen the numbers. They've dropped to almost zero. But we've suffered under the past administration for years and years, we've suffered with millions of criminals coming into our country. Criminals, people from jails, from all over the world. They come through Mexico and they come through Canada too. A lot of 'em come through Canada, and a lot of fentanyl comes through Canada and China makes the fentanyl.


You know, China makes the fentanyl, gives it to Mexico, puts it through Canada, puts it through different, different places. Mostly Mexico, but also a lot through Canada. And so all three haven't treated us very well. Okay. So bunch of different things happening here. So President Trump is saying, listen, I love the tariffs. Nothing can make me remove the tariffs. Nothing. Nothing. Okay. And then we found out on Monday morning after the markets immediately dipped at open because they thought maybe these tariffs were permanent, that they were anything but permanent. In fact, president Trump was able to leverage major concessions out of the Mexican government. We'll get more into tariff policy in a moment.


First, start each day off right? Black Rifle coffee helps you wake up each morning feeling dialed in and ready to make the most of your day so you can make the best of your year. Now is your chance to get 20% off your purchase with Code Daily Wire at black rifle coffee.com. Black Rifle Coffee is roasted right here in the United States by a veteran led team of expert roasters who take pride in serving coffee and culture to people who actually love the country. Every purchase you make helps them further their mission to support Veteran and First responder causes everything from getting funding and equipment to first responders to helping veterans get medical care. Black Rifle Coffee has a huge selection of dark roast, light roast everything in between. Take that coffee quiz on their website, get matched with a blend perfectly tailored to your specific taste. Again, a portion of every purchase you make with Black Rifle Coffee goes towards supporting Veteran and First responder causes. Your money goes a long way toward giving back to those who serve our nation. Head on over to black rifle coffee.com right now. Use Code Daily Wire for 20% off America's coffee. My kids get me up real early in the morning. Gotta get ready for the show. Black Rifle Coffee makes it happen for me. Black rifle coffee.com Right now, use Code Daily Wire for 20% off America's coffee.


Also transform your understanding of your body's metabolism with Lumen. A revolutionary device that unveils detailed insights through something as simple as your breath. Lumen is the world first handheld metabolic coach. All you need to do is breathe into it first thing in the morning. You'll know exactly what's happening with your metabolism. Whether they bring fats or carbs based on your measurements, lumen creates a personalized nutrition plan just for you. Well, what's great about Lumen is I can breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so I know exactly what's going on in my body in real time, which is a fantastic feature. Lumen will give you tips based on those readings to keep you on top of your health game. Your metabolism is your body's engine powering everything you do. When you optimize your metabolic health, you can experience improved energy levels, better fitness results, enhanced sleep quality. I've personally found understanding my own metabolism has transformed my approach to health. Take the next step to improving your health. Go to Lumen me slash Shapiro. Get 20% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ SHAPIRO for 20% off your purchase. Thanks to Lumen for sponsoring this episode. That's LUME n.me/ SHAPIRO for 20% off your purchase today and start getting healthier


according to President Trump's truth. Social feed quote, I just spoke with President Claudia Scheinbaum of Mexico. It was a very friendly conversation wherein she agreed to immediately supply 10,000 Mexican soldiers on the border separating Mexico and the United States. These soldiers will be specifically designated to stop the flow of fentanyl and illegal migrants into our country. We further agreed to immediately pause the anticipated tariffs for a one month period during which we'll have negotiations headed by Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, secretary of Treasury, Scott Besant, and Secretary of Commerce, Howard Lutnick, and high level representatives of Mexico. I look forward to participating in those negotiations with President Scheinbaum as we attempt to achieve a deal between our two countries. So remember, president Trump had used his emergency authority to stop fentanyl, illegal immigration in order to make the tariffs happen.


And he's now saying that because Mexico is alleviating the emergency, presumably this is going to be delayed by a month. So a new trade deal can be negotiated. So it was all leverage. So it was not in fact a sort of overall love for tariffs as President Trump saying he likes tariffs overall in order to gain leverage. Meanwhile, he's now starting to make clear exactly what he wants from Canada. He said, quote, Canada doesn't even allow US banks to open or do business there. What's that all about? Many such thing, but it's also a drug war. Hundreds of thousands of people have died in the United States from drugs pouring through the borders of Mexico and Canada. Just spoke to Justin Trudeau will be speaking to him again at 3:00 PM Now, presumably there are other concessions that the Canadians could make that would mean that the tariffs end up being relieved with regard to Canada.


Okay? Which again, all of that is good and fine. Using tariffs as a form of leverage is something President Trump is very good about. It is very, he's very good at it. As overall policy, it should be noted, by the way, tariff policy trade wars are bad and not easy to win, okay? Trade wars tend to impoverish people. Trade wars tend to impoverish. The American consumer in particular here, for example, is a map of what happens with just the auto parts in your car. If a trade war were actually to take place, okay? This is a map of a capacitor's journey through North America. A Michigan circuit board manufacturer buys a capacitor for a company in Colorado, which imported it from Asia. Let's say it came from China. It's a 10% tariff. It goes down to Chio Juarez in Mexico, or it's inserted in a circuit board When it comes back up through the board, that's another 25% tariff.


Then when it goes to Canada, it'd be inserted into a seat, for example, that is another 25% tariff when it comes back down. So you're talking at that point about an aggregated 60% tariff on the product, right? These sorts of things have a major impact on American markets, which is why you saw the stock market take a dump at the very beginning of the day when it looked as though Trump was in principled fashion, pushing tariff policy as sort of a net good to the United States. But again, president Trump, it looks like is doing this as a leverage play. It looks as though President Trump is pushing these tariffs specifically in order to get something out of Canada. That, by the way, was the take of Conrad Black, who's a journalist up in Canada. He said like, what are you guys worried about?


This is about shutting down the border, spending 3% on NATO defense, get some concessions for Trump. It's a big win for him. He gets the victory, he tracks that up and the tariffs go away. The Canadians for their part are getting very militant. Justin Trudeau, who is still Titularly the prime minister of Canada, he announced retaliatory tariffs right away. Tonight I am announcing Canada will be responding to the US trade action with 25% tariffs against $155 billion worth of American goods. This will include immediate tariffs on $30 billion worth of goods as of Tuesday, followed by further tariffs on $125 billion worth of American products in 21 days time to allow Canadian companies and supply chains to seek to find alternatives.


Now, of course, the reality is that that would hurt Canada more than would hurt us. If they tariff American products, then they're, they're taxing their own consumers. But this is what happens in a trade war. You increase your tariffs. The other countries that are being targeted increase their tariffs to retaliate because they say, okay, well, we're not gonna let your goods in our market if you're not letting our goods in your market. And then if this sort of thing were to be carried out over a long period of time, it would be a real problem because China particularly is more than happy. Just as with U-S-A-I-D going away, more than happy to fill that gap with cheap free trade with say Canada or Mexico or the Europeans. The Europeans, by the way, are already setting up for this. The Europeans are already anticipating that President Trump is gonna try taring the Europeans. And so they've been creating more free trade agreements with themselves and presumably also with China.


Okay? But when it comes to playing chicken, president Trump is very, very good at playing Chicken Mexico, sending 10,000 troops to the border, Mexico pledging to stop the flow of fentanyl, right? These are, these are big wins for President Trump. There's no other way to put it. Again, I've said this all along, when it comes to many of the things that Trump does, if you did them in a vacuum without trying to use them as leverage, there would be a major problem. And many of the things that Trump says in order to get those things done are things I disagree with. So for example, you heard him railing against trade deficits, okay? Trade deficits are not a thing. A trade deficit is when you buy a thing from someone else and you gave them money and they gave you the good, you have a trade deficit with your grocery. If we buy a bunch of stuff from Vietnam, that doesn't mean that Vietnam has ripped us off in some way.


The United States can still be the world's leading economy while having a giant trade deficit. And meanwhile, there are a bunch of poor countries that have trade surpluses. That's not the point for President Trump. It's the effect of what he's attempting to do that matters. It is not what he says about the thing apparently that matters. So he gets a win out of the Mexicans, presumably he'll get a win outta the Canadians as well. The United States throwing its weight around, particularly in the Western Hemisphere. I'd like to see what it looks like when the US throws its weight around with regard to say China as well. We're doing a little bit with that 10% tariff on China. I'm hoping that one is more permanent. Meanwhile, Democrats are poorly positioned to take advantage of any of this. We'll get to that in a moment.


First, no matter where you're watching or listening right now, take a second, hit that follow button, it costs you nothing. It makes a massive difference in fighting back against the algorithm that really, really would like for you not to hear this. If you want the full show Uncensored, uninterrupted unshackled from big tech overlords, there's only one way to do that. Become a Daily Wire Plus member. As a member, you get unlimited access to our entire library of premium entertainment, including the Culture shaping documentary. What is a woman in the hilariously offensive box office? Hit mi racist. Go to Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe now and join the fight.


I Meanwhile, the NC remains absolutely out in the wilderness. So the Democratic National Committee had to pick a next chair. Who did they pick? They picked a guy named Ken Martin. Ken Martin says that the Democratic Party is doing just fine. He, in fact, was the leader of the Democratic Party organization in Minnesota. He was a deputy to Tim Waltz, okay? And he basically said, we did amazing. Kamala Harris was amazing. Tim Walls was amazing. He said, the fight right now is against Donald Trump and the billionaires who bought this country. He has, they, they have nothing. They, they have literally nothing. He said, Donald Trump, the Republican Party, this is a new DNC. We're not gonna sit back and not take you on when you fail the American people.


But he had also said that there was nothing wrong with the party quote. We don't call it a postmortem and autopsy. Our party's not dead. It's still kicking, right? What we really need to do is get a handle around what happened last election cycle. We know we lost ground with Latino voters. We know we lost ground with women and younger voters and working class voters. We don't know the how and the why yet. Now we, we kind of know, but you guys keep doing it. Here is some evidence for why that is in fact the case. So Jamie Harrison, who's the outgoing DNC chair, at one point, they had to select the top committee at the DNC, and it has to be gender balanced according to the DNC. And so he announced that they didn't know what to do because they didn't have enough non-gender binary, non-binary gender queer people on their executive board.


Good luck to the Dems man. Wow. Rules specify that when we have a gender non-binary candidate or officer, the non-binary individual is counted as neither male nor female, and the remaining six offices must be gender balanced with the results of the previous four elections. Our elected officers are currently two male and two female. In order to be gender balanced, we must, we must select one male, one female, and one person of any gender, Man.


And why are they losing? Amazing? Who? Wow. Wow. Meanwhile, who are the other candidates for DNC Chair? Well, there's 1D NC chair candidate named Gina Rappa who gave her pitch as to why she should be the chair of the DNC. Hello, Democrats. Hey, I am speaking and I would love your attention. There is a black woman at this podium, and I deserve your attention. Like the 11 people who went before me. Yes, I am speaking. Oh my God. Oh my God. So Ken Martin is the new chair. Congrats guys. But even better is the new DNZ vice chair.


You're not gonna believe it, but it's, it's wonderful. It is the inestimable stupid David Hog. Yes. You remember David Hog, the failed pillow company guy. Remember the guy, the kid who was a, a student at Parkland over here in South Florida during the Parkland shooting, but he became world famous for stumping against guns and shouting about gun control and being a theater kid about all this sort of stuff. Remember this? And then he was admitted to Harvard despite what apparently was a 1270 SAT score. He'd been rejected, I believe. And then he got admitted based on his activism. Meanwhile, Kyle cashew another student in Parkland who'd scored, I believe his 1600 on his SATs was rejected because they uncovered some bad old texts.


Well, now this schmuck has somehow parlayed his apparent victimization at Parkland into the vice chairmanship of the DNC after a career of stupid tweets at Harvard University. Man, oh man, you guys, he's supposed to be, by the way, driving young men back into the arms of the DNC, this one, this one, this stick figure of a human like, oh my God, this really just amazing, amazing stuff. I just wanna point out before we hear his victory speech, and again, he's literally only famous because he was a student at a school where a school shooting took place. That is the only reason. There's no other reason, Hey, here are some of his better tweets over the course of the last few years.


This deeply stupid human quote, those who say defunding of the police doesn't poll well. So we shouldn't talk about it are wrong. It's our job as organizers to talk about what matters and how to stop the police from murdering people and terrorizing communities. We don't follow the polls, we change them. So you've gotta defund the police activist as your vice chair of the DNZ. Here he is on his future hopes for life. Quote, I'm never planning on having kids. I would much rather own a Porsche and have a Portuguese water dog and golden doodle long-term. It's cheaper, better for the environment and we'll never tell you it hates you or ask you to pay for college. Wow. DNC really representing those blue collar working people who go to church. Aren't you right there with this David Hogg?


My goodness. He's like, if Timothy shale me somehow got even more fragile and annoying a tru, truly an amazing, amazing example. David Hogg tweeted February, 2020. Lincoln was a really good president. People got mad at him. So then he tweeted, actually, I was not aware of the scope of how detrimental he was. So many Native American populations. He was really not a good president. Lincoln was not a good president from the vice chair of DN ante. I thank my indigenous peers that brought my attention to Lincoln's atrocities committed against Native Americans. I'm deeply sorry for not acknowledging these crimes that I was unaware of until now. I will do better in the future. David Hog 2020, your new vice chair. How about this one quote, I'm one of the most politically toxic people in the country.


I'm too radical for American politics. No, I'm not running for office. We have enough straight white men in power. He ran for vice chair of the DNC and then was made vice chair of the, the DNC David Hogg. Man. Oh man, these geniuses here. He was with Bill Maher attacking Israel. This is just a few months ago. These, these are the people. I can't imagine why the Democratic Party has an approval rating beneath that of prostate cancer. Do you believe is Israel has a right to be A state? Absolutely. I believe in a two state solution, but what I don't believe is productive, but I don't believe is productive Bill, is when we continuously focus on what these students that are still trying to figure out who the hell they even are a lot of the time and talking about that instead of the people that are actually responsible for these atrocities continuing, whether that is us not having a two state solution or our leaders that failed to meet this moment over and over over.


But if you, if you, I'm glad that my generation knows that what the current course that we've been on of just enabling the government of Ben Vere, the government of Netanyahu that was being protested by the Israeli people leading up to October 7th, just acting like, well, they're not again, they're, they're not Unbelievable. Great job guys. Slow clap for the DNC as always, doing amazing work. Congrats to David Hog. I hope he has a long and unsuccessful tenure as the vice chair of the DNC. You guys are just doing great. Meanwhile, the Grammys were last speaking of people completely disconnected from everyday life, the Grammys. Now, I didn't know they were happening. You didn't know they were happening, but my producers knew they were happening, and so I'm gonna need my producers to join me for this one to help Walk me through what happened at the Grammys when a bunch of people whose music I don't care about and whose names I don't know decided to wear as it turns out, either the most garish stuff imaginable or nothing.


So apparently they were going to lead me through a series of pictures of various artists, most of whom I don't know, and what they wore at the Grammys. So guys, why don't you, why don't you just go for it. Tell me, tell me what you got. Well, I think, I think the first one to start out with is definitely Chapel Rone. Okay. You know, for songs? No, yeah. H-O-T-T-O-G-O. No, you Can take me. Stop, stop that. That's enough of that. Okay. What do you think? Why, why does she look like a terrible painting of Marie Antoinette? If Marie Antoinette was a trans man, why is that what she looks like? I'm Confused. It's giving like Trans Mad Hatter.


Yeah, that I could see that. I could see that. And that's the, the, the, she looks mentally healthy is what I'll say. Right here. She, that's, that's, that's a look right there for those who can't see. She's wearing just a hideously ugly yellow dress and it's got some sort of black straps that, that are holding it up. And then she's wearing a mop on her head and some really overdone makeup. She, she, she seems, she seems well, thank you. Thank you. Chapel Rone. Except I don't care. Okay, next Enough Of that. All right, next. You actually like her. So we got Cynthia Arrivo ya girl. Okay. Cynthia Vo, who's in immensely talented, I dunno what she's wearing here though. It could, it could be worse. But we really wanted you to focus on if you guys could close up on her nails there.


Yeah, I was wondering what's going on with the nails. Check those babies out. I mean, she, she's famous for this, these bizarre nails. Like what's like, in, in her interview, she's got like a wizard hat, like, and then she's got some jewelry going on. How do you type with these? That's always what I wanna know. All right, next up we have Billie Eilish. Bill Eilish. She's a classic. Yeah, She is. Yeah. So what, what a great look. So people are saying that on, on the Twitters, Go to the next photo. Yep. That's funny. He was saying Billy Eilish thumbs on this year's Grammy's red carpet is one of the members of the three blind mice. Yeah, that, that I could, I could see that. All right, Next up my personal favorites, Jaden and Willow Smith. But let's start with Jaden first.


Oh boy. Oh, well, He walked outta the house and he was like, you Know, what are those? You can't see this. Jayden is wearing a house on his head. I'm not even kidding. You think I'm being, you think that that's a joke or that I'm being figurative? I am not. If you're just listening, he's wearing an actual model of a house on his head. His house head. It matches it. I mean, I will say the color scheme matches. I don't understand. Th this is, honestly, this is like my 4-year-old daughter when she makes a house out of a box and just kinda puts it on her head, like what is happening right now? Like the tux is nice. I'm just, it's like the wicked witch of the, the East got hit by a house in the head.


Okay. I would be concerned with him going through any doorways, but he's relatively short, so I don't think he's having any issues. Sucks If you're sitting behind him. Yeah, exactly. That's a hell of a look. Okay. These are all people. But why is the Democratic party failing to connect with people? I don't understand. I mean, isn't this gonna be on your must wear list this season? Okay, next, let's See, Willow. 'cause this is a look What, and there's Willow who's wearing like a bra under a jacket, but none of that's relevant. What's relevant is what's happening with the teeth right there. Ooh, what is that like? Does Willow play hockey in 1977?


That's a, that that is a, that is a, that is a look. Okay, man. Jafar in the Jafar in the prison scene dressed as the old band giving the lamb Aladdin happening over here. All right. Yep. All right. Okay. Next is Lady Gaga. Unfortunately, she's not dressed in meat, but Yeah, I feel like Lady Gaga's really toned it down, you know, like, she, she really has like, she's just going as like Wednesday Adams now. But I'm just wondering like, what happened to the old lady Gaga, the one who'd show up in a bubble or in a meat dress, or, I think she's coming back. Oh, you think she's coming back? Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think Old Lady Gaga is on her way back. Well, She probably is. I mean, she, I think this is preliminary stages. I mean, she's tried the acting thing and it worked out for her pretty well.


But I, I may maybe she's, maybe she has to get back into the shock. It, like, there's only a couple of trajectories for these pop stars as they age out. One is that you become a, an, an elderly matron who can act and you move into that realm, which is, would be the smart move. And the other is your Madonna. And you're still twerking on stage at the age of 92. All Right, next is, let's see, Chrissy, Tegan. All right, moving on to naked people. Oh, Chrissy, Tegan. Wow. What a charmer. Chrissy, Tegan is so naked person, attacked by jellyfish Is What I'm getting here and kind of pained look of, of smiling. Like again, there's so many dead eyes at the Grammy.


So many people who are deeply unhappy. That's, yeah. Imagine this is your life. I mean, I guess she's real rich, but who cares? I mean, that can't be a, a particularly happy person. And speaking of unhappy people, dun dun, Kanye West, who I've been reliably informed, is a deeply religious Christian by all the best sources. This is what a deeply religious Christian would do, would be to try out his wife fully naked at the Grammys before being arrested for indecent exposure. I'm Gonna say this is not legal. That is not legal. And also he is a horrifying person. Before she met Kanye, was this her normal mode of, of dress? No, definitely not.


No. And then he Styles her and then the, the way he styles her is by apparently just trotting out his wife completely naked, which makes him a complete piece of, I'm sorry, that makes you a complete piece. There's no other way to put that. He's a complete piece if you like. The disrespect to women is disgusting. Disgusting. He's a terrible person. Like, forget about what he says. Look what he does. Look what he does to this woman. Yeah. If you see that too, and I understand she consent, it doesn't matter. Consent is not the only standard of treating people decently. If somebody consents to you beating the shit out of them, you still shouldn't be out of them. He's a terrible person. Let's Move To performance. Okay? Time for some performances. Doing a nine hour review of the Grammys here. Time for some performances we have apparently Charlie XCX, who doesn't know how to do Roman numerals.


That is not how you do Roman numerals, okay? But Charlie XCX showed up and did something that approximated singing Happening. Hey, It just people banging on stage. That guy, And now I making out this, by the way, this is also old. Remember that time when it used to be transgressive? Now it's just old. This is like old when Madonna did in 1993 Bring back Britney with the snake, Right? I honestly, honest to God, like nothing has changed. It's all just like, what? Here's the the thing. It's boring. It's boring because once you've transgressed all the rules, there's nothing left to transgress.


Yeah, it's boring. You know what the new transgressive is? Getting married and having children in a church, right? Like, like and going to church with your family, like, that's transgressive. Like normie is transgressive. This is not transgressive. It's just boring, okay? Meanwhile, there was more politics. So Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars showed up without unfortunately sexy red and apparently were dressed like in the background, like the, like the Osmonds from 1975. But then they showed up to talk about, I don't know, politics or something. Great. Wanna hear from these schmucks Trans people are not invisible trans people.


I think the problem is that they were very not invisible actually during last election. Music is love. Thank you. Oh boy. Okay, well, you know, keep going with this. See how it works out for you. Alicia Keys showed up, apparently dressed as Xerxes and, and explained the DEI is not a threat. It's a blessing. It's a magical, magical blessing. You, you're saying the quiet part out loud lady. I mean like, if that's the way that Hollywood views DEI, we can understand why all the art is terrible. This is not the time to shut down. Whoa. The diversity of voices that's In big grease. We've seen on this stage talented, hardworking people from different backgrounds with different points of view, and it changes the game.


DEI is not a threat. It's a gift. And everybody's cheering that man wins. Leonidas gonna show up and fight off Xerxes over here, and a hell of an outfit. DEI is not a threat. It's a gift. Fine, you do it then. Okay, the rest of us will just do merit over here. How about that? Meanwhile, speaking of terrible hosts, Trevor Noah was the host, which the fact that he's still working is, I think we need to deport him. President Trump wins a third term if he deports Trevor Noah and Noah joked about it, by the way. But we can make this joke a reality. If we try hard enough, gang, we're Gonna make tonight's special. We're gonna try and have some fun and we could do something different, right? I, I don't know if you know this, there's, there's been a few changes in Washington, so I, I'm gonna enjoy tonight because this may be my last time I get to host anything in this country.


Well, I, I can only hope is he here on some sort of talent visa, because I figure if he's on an oh one, then that is a completely misapplied oh one. I'm all for deporting many of the Hollywood people who are here on, on talent visas. Right? He also suggested he, he was, he was very angry about the tariffs, of course, because he understands tariff policy. I'm sure. Here we go. Yesterday Beyonce announced her new tour. Yes, everyone saw that. I will say though, Beyonce, this tariffs, we can't afford a new tour, right? Maple Sher is about to be $50. Okay? Now speaking of, speaking of Beyonce, Beyonce also showed up. She won some sort of award Album of the Year.


She won an album of the year for this. Oh, no, no, this actually backtrack. Sorry. This was when she won. I believe it was, it was for one of her songs. It was a country album. She won Best. That's What country, best Country album. That's what it was. Beyonce Won Best Country album. Yeah. That's why she won into the whole genres not a code. No, I mean, not, not be, I'm not saying that because like, she can't do Country. I'm doing it because her country album sucks. Yeah. And, and like, it's really bad. It seems like the other country artists were pretty pissed too. I mean, they should be pissed because her, her album's terrible. Like, it's one of the few things they actually know about in the Grammys. I've listened to a couple songs on it and it's garbage. It's truly bad. Like Beyonce's a really talented person, like Cynthia Revo talented, like very, very talented and used to be able to actually show off for Pipe Sing.


Okay, here we go. I think sometimes genre is a cold word to keep us in our place as artists, and I just wanna encourage people to do what they're passionate about and to say, stay persistent. Well, you know, that that's the thing that, wow, wow, she's making country terrible again. So that's, that's exciting guys. Thank you so much for torturing me and the audience with that. I really, really appreciate it. That was, that was just great folks. Believe it or not, there's even more to today's show. We haven't even gotten to the immigration plans of the administration, which we'll get to in a moment. Hopefully it involves deporting pretty much everybody at the Grammys.


If you're not a member, become member use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.