
Well folks, before we jump into the news, just wanna say Happy Veterans Day and thank you obviously to everyone who has served in uniform in the United States military, and you're all making a sacrifice and you have made sacrifices. None of the rest of us made. We owe you our undying gratitude, particularly on Veterans Day. So once again, thank you so much for fighting for this country, for defending this country, for making everything we have possible. Alrighty folks, we have winning on the menu. We'll get to all the latest Trump wins in a moment.


First Mi racist, smashed records in theaters as the decade's Number one documentary now it's streaming only at DailyWire plus with exclusive extras. You wanna see it all. A DailyWire plus membership is your ticket. Sign up at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Trump to get 47% off a new annual membership.


Alright, so we have two big Trump wins right off the bat. So Trump has now tapped Tom Holman as his new borders are. Tom Holman is of course, the former acting ice chief in a social media post late on Sunday, Trump said that Tom Holman would be quote, in charge of all deportation of illegal aliens back to their country of origin. He said, I've known Tom for a long time. There's nobody better at policing and controlling our borders. Likewise, Tom Holman will be in charge of all deportation of illegal aliens back to their country of origin. Congratulations to Tom. I have no doubt he will do a fantastic and long awaited job. So here is just your reminder that Tom Holman is somebody who really stands up for the principles of a closed border and for legal immigration. Here is Tom Holman, for example, facing down 60 minutes over some of the deportation issues back in the day.


We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year. I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families? Of course there's families can be deported together. Okay, so if you thought that Trump was not serious about deporting a large number of people, he's serious about deporting a large number O of people. Tom Holman is the most serious person for borders are that we've seen in generations in the United States.


Here, for example, is Tom Holman facing down the venerable intellect. Alexander Ocasio-Cortez in Congress just a few years back. Mr. Holman, your name is on this. Is this correct? Yes. I signed that memo. So you are the author of the Family Separation Policy. I am not the author of this memo. You're not the author, but you signed the memo. Yes. A zero. A zero tolerance memo. So you provided the official recommendation to Secretary Nielsen on family for the United States to pursue family separation. I gave Secretary Nielsen numerous recommendations on how to secure the border and save lives. But it says here that you re, you gave her numerous options, but the recommendation was option three, family separation.


What I'm saying, this is not the only paper where we given the secretary numerous options to secure the border and save lives. And so the recommendation of the many that you recommended, you recommended family separation. I recommended zero tolerance, Which includes family separation, The same as is where every US citizen parent gets arrested when they're with a child. Zero tolerance was interpreted as the policy that separated children from their, If I get arrested for DUI and I have a young child in the car, I'm gonna be separated. When I was a police officer in New York and I arrested a father for domestic violence, I separated that father, Mr. Holman. With all due respect, legal asylees are not charged with any crime.


When you're in the country illegally, it's violation. Eight, United States Code 1325 Seeking asylum is legal. If you wanna seek asylum, you go through the port of entry, do it the legal way. So that guy is the new border, our get ready gang, get ready. Trump was not joking when he was talking about closing the border and taking seriously the issue of illegal immigration. That was not, Trump's only announced pick over the weekend. He also announced at least ST would be his choice for the UN ambassador role. That's a great job. I mean, honestly, if you have to pick any job in American government, UN ambassador is a fantastic job because that is a job where you have a very nice apartment in New York City and then you go over to the un, which is a repository of all human scum and you yell at dictators all day. It's a pretty phenomenal job.


Elise Nik happens to be an excellent candidate for this position. You'll recall her standing up to anti-Semitism on college campuses just a few months ago. Here she was versus a bunch of university heads asking them whether in fact was anti-Semitic to allow chance like from the river to the Sea Palestine will be free calling for the elimination of the state of Israel. Here was Stefanik just a few months back. I will ask you one more time. Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Harvard's rules of bullying and harassment? Yes or no? Anti-Semitic rhetoric when it, And is it antisemitic rhetoric, Anti-Semitic rhetoric when it crosses into conduct that amounts to bullying, harassment, intimidation that is actionable conduct and we do take action.


So the answer is yes. That calling for the genocide of Jews violates Harvard Code of Conduct. Correct. Again, it depends on the context. It does not depend on the context. The answer is yes, and this is why you should resign. These are unacceptable answers. Across the board. Clouding gay of Harvard, who was the person on the other side of that clip, she ended up losing her job over it. Also, thanks to the intervention of Chris Ruffo who uncovered a bunch of plagiarism, which gave Harvard the excuse to boot her out the door. So these are all excellent picks. Now, Trump did come out and he said that Mike Pompeo, who's his former Secretary of State, and Nikki Haley, his former UN ambassador, would not be part of the administration.


There's a lot of speculation. This means a sea change from Trump foreign policy one. Okay, let me make very clear, 75 million people voted for Donald Trump's foreign policy. That is what they voted for. They did not vote for a completely different foreign policy that radically shifts how Trump, Trump did foreign policy in term one. The best thing about Trump won was his foreign policy. The reason that Pompeo and Haley aren't in is because they personally pissed off Trump. Let's be clear about this. Nikki Haley ran against Donald Trump and proceeded to say a bunch of very not nice things about Donald Trump. And so Trump wasn't gonna have her in the administration anyway. Mike Pompeo, of course, had been questioned after January 6th, and he had said some things that presumably Donald Trump did not like very much after January 6th. And then he also suggested after the Mar-a-Lago raid that that might have been legally appropriate.


And so there are some serious questions about sort of the personal relationship between Mike Pompeo and Donald Trump. But anybody who is seeking to shift that into Donald Trump is now going to pursue, say, pap Buchanan's foreign policy. I'm not seeing the indicators of that from any of the people who are currently being talked about for high positions in the administration. In fact, bill Haggerty, who is being discussed as the possible Secretary of Defense or possible Secretary of State, he was on the national TV shows. Haggerty is, you know, I would say more conciliatory on the Ukraine issue than some people who are more hawkish like I am. But Haggerty points out that when it comes even to issues like Ukraine, Trump will find a way to get that done because Trump does not want the United States or its allies to lose in that exchange.


Here was Bill Haggerty talking about Trump and Ukraine. So Hungary's Prime Minister has said that Donald Trump has told him he will cut off support to Ukraine. You are saying here, I think in the new Congress, there will be no more aid to Ukraine. I've certainly not voted for any aid. I know you haven't, and I think President Trump will Find is that the mandate? President Trump will find a way to deal with this. I'm not gonna get ahead of him. I'm certain that he's going to, to find a way to navigate this that's in the interest of the American people and we'll stop the carnage. Look. So what's happened in Ukraine is terrible. People are dying. They continue to Die. Yes. Again, that's a very Trumpy foreign policy, right? He's gonna move toward stopping this. He's gonna do so without increasing the amounts of AIDS to Ukraine in any market way. But it's also true that both JD V and President Trump have suggested that in the absence of any sort of agreement, the United States can't just let Vladimir Putin walk into Kyiv.


Haggerty also pointed out that we are seeing sea changes in the Middle East. As soon as Trump was elected, as soon as Trump was elected, Qatar decided that they were going to expel Hamas terrorists from their country. Now, those Hamas terrorists are probably gonna end up in Turkey and it would behoove the United States and its allies in Europe to make Turkey pick whether it likes Kamas or whether it likes being a member of nato. But here is Bill Haggerty talking about the environment in the Middle East shifting because Donald Trump is president, which is clearly and obviously true. I think what we've seen just break out again in the past 70 plus hours since President Trump won the election, Hamas is now looking for total peace. So I think the environment has totally changed. What do you mean? Oh, they've announced that they'd like to see peace. They'd like to see peace in Gaza.


Let's see where that means you Believe that you believe that there will be a hostage deal negotiated under President Trump. I'd like To see what, I'd like to see what Hamas means by this statement, but it seems that the entire environment is shifting right now. Yeah, because they see new leadership coming in and I'm, I'm encouraged by that and I think we'll have new opportunities to, again, president Trump was able to deliver peace. Yeah, through strength. I think that's on the way and I, I'm optimistic what it might lead To that is correct. Obviously peace through strength is Trump's byword. I mean, he was on this show a couple of weeks before the election and he rejected the sort of neo isolationism in favor of peace through strength. That is what 75 million people voted for. By the way, even on Ukraine, the Washington Post is reporting. President's elect Trump spoke with Russian president Vladimir Putin on Thursday, the first phone conversation between the two men since Trump won the election during the call, which Trump took from Mar-a-Lago, he advised the Russian president not to escalate the war in Ukraine and reminded him of Washington's sizable military presence in Europe.


Again, this is, this is not a surprise. Trump has said this stuff openly, pretending that he hasn't is really, really silly. The two men discussed the goal of peace on the European continent. Trump expressed an interest in follow-up conversations to discuss the resolution, resolution of Ukraine's War. Soon the call, which had not been previously reported comes Amid general uncertainty about how Trump will reset the world's diplomatic chess board. Here's what's gonna happen. Trump is going to use the credible threat of force in order to ramp down conflict around the world. That is the thing that is going to happen. Okay? So just get ready for it because that's precisely what is going to happen. As the Wall Street Journal points out, the US hasn't been feared enough overseas during the Biden administration, according to Trump's advisors, by showcasing American economic and military, might the second Trump presidency should bring peace or at a minimum and prevent further escalation.


In Ukraine, the Middle East and beyond. Trump's former national security advisor, Robert O'Brien, who has also been discussed as a possible Secretary of Defense or National Security advisor, or Secretary of State, says it's going to be returned to peace through strength, deterrence is going to be restored. American adversaries understand that the things they've gotten away with over the last four years will not be tolerated any further.


What if the answers to life's most profound questions have been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson gathers nine brilliant minds from renowned scholars to vocal skeptics and an effort to unlock the mysteries of the Bible that still captivate humanity from ancient wisdom to modern day doubt. Each bring their unique voice to this contentious conversation about faith, truth, and the growing chaos that threatens to tear our world apart. Join them as Peterson guides. This unprecedented exploration of hist history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently.


So again, this administration is, shipping is shaping up beautifully at this point. What people voted for is what they're going to get. Donald Trump made promises those promises are going to be fulfilled and those promises involve, for example, actual peace breaking out throughout the world because of the credible threat of the use of military force. And because President Trump is willing to build a big, beautiful military and because Donald Trump is not shy about leveraging those credible threats in order to achieve peace in the world. That was the story of Trump won. It's the reason again, 75 million people voted for him. That would be the reason not for a radical shift in foreign policy that looks more like Joe Biden than like Donald Trump. Donald Trump is a very clear and consistent Trump policy.


Okay, the the Trump doctrine, if there, if there were to be one is don't cross that line or we will punch you in the face. That is the Trump doctrine and that is a great doctrine. That is an excellent doctrine. And meanwhile, a late breaking scandal. The DailyWire is reporting Leaf Le Mayhue is the reporter on this. This is a huge story. The entire mainstream media picked up on it and then basically plagiarized the story. This originally came from Leaf over a DailyWire. He says, quote, A federal disaster relief official ordered workers to bypass the homes of Donald Trump's supporters as they survey damage caused by Hurricane Milton in Florida. According to internal correspondence obtained by the DailyWire and confirmed by multiple federal employees. Now, lemme just repeat that again.


FEMA officials told workers not to help people who had Donald Trump signs on their front lawn. Basically if their homes were damaged by Hurricane Melton In Florida, a FEMA supervisor told workers in message to quote, avoid homes advertising Trump as they canvassed Lake Placid, Florida to identify residents who could qualify for federal aid. That supervisor's name is Marni Washington. The supervisor relayed this message both verbally and in a group chat used by the relief team. Multiple government employees told the DailyWire, apparently the government employees told DailyWire at least 20 homes with Trump signs or flags were skipped from the end of October and into November. Due to the guidance, meaning they were not given the opportunity to qualify for FEMA assistance.


Images shared with the DailyWire show houses were skipped over by workers who wrote in the government system messages such as Trump sign, no entry per leadership. That's absurd, insane and un-American. That's crazy. First of all, you're in the state of Florida. An awful lot of people here voted for Donald Trump. An awful lot of people here like Donald Trump, Trump flags are everywhere. I live down here. Okay, Trump, this is, this is Trump country. You know, I'm talking about MAGA country. Florida is MAGA country. So the fact that FEMA officials were telling their lower downs to avoid going to houses with, say, a Trump sign or a Trump flag to allow people to apply for FEMA aid if their home had been damaged is the most un-American trash I've heard of in recent memory.


According to the DailyWire, it is unclear whether the same guidance was issued elsewhere in the country. The employees were part of a Department of Homeland security surge capacity for steam, meaning they volunteered from other DHS agencies to help an understaffed fema as it dealt with a second major hurricane in a span of just a few weeks, one of the employees said, quote, I know they're short-staffed. I thought we could go help and make a difference. When it got there, we were told to discriminate against people. It's almost unbelievable to think somebody in the federal government would think that's okay. The employee said, quote, I volunteered to help disaster victims not discriminate against them. It didn't matter if people were black, white, Hispanic for Trump, for Harris, everyone deserves the same amount of help. Now, again, this also came amidst complaints about the response to Hurricane Helene in rural areas across the country in Tennessee, in North Carolina.


According to the DailyWire, the, the FEMA agents ordered not to help houses with Trump. Signs were operating in Highlands County, a deep red area located in South central Florida that backed Trump 70 to 30 on Tuesday. It was with tornadoes, torrential wind and rain and flooding. When Hurricane Milton hit back in October in the chat, this particular FEMA employee said it would be best practice to avoid Holmes advertising Trump. No explanation was given for the guidance. That also included recommendations like telling workers to quote, practice deescalation and preventative measures, and to avoid high salt diets and coffee. Now again, this is insane. Apparently the chat was just filled with pictures of homes with Trump flags saying, quote, per leadership, no stop Trump flag.


One team member wrote in a complaint filed to DHS about the guidance, quote, if they had damage or lost power for over 36 hours. It was my duty to inform them of benefits to which they're entitled through fema. Washington is the disaster survivor assistance crew leader for a Highland County should not respond to multiple phone calls or an email seeking comments on the guidance. Fema, by the way, did acknowledge that this happened. Chad Hershey, Washington's FEMA supervisor told DailyWire, the agency is looking into the situation. We are aware of it. We're taking proper action in this situation currently, after publication of the story, a FEMA spokesperson told the DailyWire it was deeply disturbed and horrified by the employee's actions, and that has taken extreme actions to correct the situation. While we believe this is an isolated incident, the spokesperson said, we have taken measures to remove the employee from their role and are investigating the matter to prevent this from happening ever again.


The employee who issued this guidance had no authority and was given no direction to tell teams to avoid these homes. And we are reaching out to the people who may not have been reached as a result of this incident. It is a matter that we take extremely seriously. We are doing everything we can to make sure all survivors receive support from fema. To date, we've helped over 365,000 households impacted by both hurricanes Helene and Milton in the state of Florida. Were horrified this took place. We have taken extreme actions to correct this situation, and apparently Washington was fired by about October 30th. Apparently, Washington had started walking back the instructions about skipping Trump supporters' homes, according to one of the federal employees, the relief worker said Washington denied homes were being skipped after meeting with other female administrators. So this person also lied about all of this totally insane story here, for example, is one hurricane worker named Adam Smith blasting the culture of fears in salvage operations in in Florida with FEMA blasting the culture of fear at fema.


I want first to get your reaction when you heard this news about FEMA and avoiding what appears to be some 20 homes in Florida. Well, to to say I'm to say that I was surprised would, would, would be a lie. I don't necessarily wanna demean or, or, or demonize every FEMA employee or worker that's out there. I think there are a lot of them that have a good heart that want to help people. The question that it leads me to is to ask the question of what sort of culture has been established in order for, you know, female personnel on the ground or leadership for that matter, to provide this sort of instruction to FEMA personnel that wanna provide help.


And more so, you know, I had an interaction with local FEMA officials as well, and they wanted to help people, help people. And what was the interesting thing was is it was stated that, Hey, we can't have our fingerprints on this. Which I, I think it leads back to the actual question, which is what sort of culture and what sort of fear is there in place at some of the lower levels of FEMA personnel where they're afraid they're gonna lose their job if they don't speak up against actions that are blatantly not aligned with what the, the, the organization is supposed to be doing. When we talk about the deep state here, that is what we were talking about. You're talking about low level and mid-level employees who are changing the policies of the United States government in order to benefit particular sides of the aisle. It is horrible and it is ugly. The oversight committee is going to be grilling the FEMA chief over the directive to skip Trump homes.


That's what the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability announced on Saturday. They'll be holding a hearing to investigate fema after our DailyWire report committee Chairman James Comer sent a letter to FEMA administrator Deanne Criswell asking she show up to testify before lawmakers. November 19th. Comer wrote this hearing will address FEMA's response to recent major natural disasters, including hurricane's lien in Milton and permit members to investigate recent reports. A FEMA official instructed relief workers to bypass hurricane impacted homes, displaying campaign signs for President Trump. Governor Ron DeSantis for his part, this happened in his state. He put out a tweet saying, quote, the blatant weaponization of government bipartisan activists in the federal bureaucracy is yet another reason why the Biden Harris administration is in its final days. At my direction, the division of emergency management is launching an investigation into the federal government's targeted discrimination of Floridians who support Donald Trump.


New leadership is on the way in dc I'm optimistic that these partisan bureaucrats will be fired again. One of them already has been fired. But this is just another example of how a gigantic, huge, enormous centralized bureaucracy in the United States leads to the possibility of serious sin. It's a real problem. Meanwhile, the media demonstrating what they are, so this story is, is quite insane. After our DailyWire story went viral, NBC news reporter Mirna al Sharif, former formerly of CNN, completely ripped off the report and then completely effed up the report as well. Because apparently, according to Brent Scher, who is one of our editors over here, he points out this story for NBC News is painfully lazy and bad notes that a FEMA employee was fired, but then acts like it's a complete mystery would actually happen.


No idea who did what, what they did. Only mainstream outlet not to link to the actual story. And then Myrna Al Sharif texted back, tweeted back quote, sorry, Brent, sure are your feelings hurt? Because I didn't link to the DW story. Stay mad that that prompted other people to pile on her. So Ari said, why are you acting like this? You've presented a weirdly truncated version of the story. You shouldn't be proud of the fact that people turning to you would learn a lot less than those turning to other outlets in the long term. That's bad for NBC and bad for the truth. And Myrna Al Sharif said, oh look, it's trolled final boss. I know you guys get off at making bleep up online to suit your agenda, but that's not my game. I get my info from official sources. I'll leave the alternative methods to you guys have fun. And Soro replied, I addressed you politely without insult, even at left of center outlets.


I promise that you won't get far acting like this in response to criticism. And then she wrote back, good, don't address me ever at all. You are not fit to criticize me. Bye. Steve Guest tweeted at her admitted, you're being a hack and this reporter for NBC News Tweet back the hack is Your mama. I I wait, I, I'm sorry. Thi this is a reporter for NBC news. I can't imagine why your credibility's in the toilet. You rip off a story that we report first at DailyWire. You completely botch the story and then when you're called on it, you do your mama jokes. One person tweeted at her quote, you absolutely lack the journalistic bonafides to look up anyone's mom. You dumb f grow up. And then she wrote back, you first dumb I the what?


What in the what DailyWire is. Mary Margaret Olohan called on al Sharif to log off and she wrote back you first babes. Then of course she did log off, so she, she deleted her Twitter account. So solid stuff there from NBC News. Again, I cannot imagine why more and more Americans are are signing off when it comes to the left wing media. Man, they're bad at their job. We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news, conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9 Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Meanwhile, on the left side of the aisle, they're still coming to grips with the fact that President Donald Trump will be reentering office in January. The panic is palpable among a certain class of people on the left. CNN, bill Wier, who is one of the alarmists with regard to climate change. He's written entire books about how basically he has changed his life and he's not sure he could have babies in this terrible world in which climate change is going to be pre. So Bill Weir was on CNN claiming basically the Earth is going to burn to a crisp because of Donald Trump. Take a look at this temperature chart, Sarah, this year, 2024, according to Copernicus, the European Space Union will shatter all records being the warmest ever. And it's the first year where we've blown past the 1.5 degrees Celsius or three degrees Fahrenheit limit of the, of the Paris Climate Accords.


Every country in the world says we're gonna try to hold the line at 1.5 and now we are here just as maybe the most notorious climate denier in history takes power once again. Again, the these people, they're so, let's be clear, the United States' emissions have been dropping. It is China and India. They continue to skyrocket and no matter how much the United States destroys its own economy on behalf of people like Bill Weir, it ain't gonna be enough. The freakout is everywhere. It is, it is everywhere. The New York Times has a hilarious piece today. Title A sex strike is a losing strategy for American women. So apparently there are a bunch of left wing women who are now declaring a sexist strike, which I mean, I hate to break it to you ladies, but you might not have had a choice in the matter depending on exactly who you are anyway.


But according to this opinion, staff editor for the New York Times, quote, no dating men, no sex with men, no heterosexual marriage and no childbirth. These are the four principles of South Korea's four B movement. A radical feminist movement that gained popularity in 2019 in response to sexism, hidden camera pornography and intimate partner violence after Donald Trump's victory. Some American women have sought out the movement, but it would be a mistake for women in the United States to adopt its principles which risk alienating those who would be our allies while ensuring little actually changes about our reality. Some American women are already devising plans to apply used menstrual pads to trucks with MAGA stickers and undergo voluntary hysterectomy surgery. TikTok and Instagram reels related to the four B movement gained millions of views this week.


Google searches spiked in the US on Wednesday, most notably in Democratic states. Yeah, good. Good luck with this ladies. Seriously, good luck with by the way, I have a recommendation. In fact, I I, I hope that people all over the spectrum would, would take this recommendation. Everyone should go on a sex strike until they get married and then enter a committed relationship and have children. We could call it traditional values. It'd be great. And you wouldn't be having sex with people who disagree with you about values. You wouldn't be having sex with randos in the first place. It might be awesome. You should try. It might help society actually, or you can continue to pretend that you're acting out less Estrada or something. Meanwhile, over at the DOJ, they're freaking out. According to Politico, A collective sense of dread has, again, the leftist here, they're just overflowing here.


A collective sense of dread has taken hold at the Department of Justice, which drew Donald Trump's rage like no other part of the federal government during his campaign. By the way, why would that have been, why did DOJ draw his rage? Could it have beco? Could have been because they launched three cases against him while he was president of the United States, like the former president of the United May. Maybe that would be the reason, I don't know, just putting it out there, maybe it's that the DOJ kept targeting him over absolute nonsense with cases that certainly did not meet legal scrutiny. Maybe that's why he was pissed. I don't know. I love it when they declare that Donald Trump just sort of, he's like random Hulk. He just randomly goes Hulk on the DOJ. Maybe if you hadn't targeted him over say classified documents, maybe if you hadn't targeted him over January 6th and all of the rest of it, maybe then he wouldn't be so mad at you.


But now he's mad at you and you kind of deserve it. Some career attorneys at DOJ are already considering heading for the exits rather than sticking around to find out whether threats from Trump and his allies are real or campaign bluster. Those threats range from mass firings of deep state lawyers to expelling special counsel Jack Smith from the country. Everyone I've talked to mostly lawyers are losing their minds, said 1D OJ attorney. The fear is that career leadership and career employees everywhere are either going to leave or they're going to be driven out. Well, I mean, we can always dream. We can always hope. So again, it is, it is amazing to watch people freak out. Like they, they're basically saying our ability to watchdog the person we work for is going to be hampered if he comes into office.


So there are a lot of, there's a lot of speculation about who precisely is going to be heading up the DOJ who will be the attorney general pick. Remember, this is a, a Senate approved position. It's worth noting at this point by the way, that in the Senate, because Republicans are likely to end with 53 votes in the Senate, there are three senators in particular who may not green light everything that Trump does in terms of cabinet picks, right? You do have Susan Collins up in Maine, you do have Lisa Murkowski out in Alaska, and you still have Senator MIT Romney in Utah that takes the Republican majority down to 50. So all you have to do is peel off one more and suddenly Trump doesn't have the votes, necessarily confirm his nominees. So, you know, this is a, this is a major issue and it does depend who Trump nominates with all of that said, do I think that Donald Trump is gonna select somebody for ag who's going to like expel Jack Smith from the country?


No, I really don't. All of this hysteria is so overwrought. It really is. And we got a lot of this pre-election people saying, well, no, that now that Donald Trump has alienated all of his former staff and colleagues, it'll only be the dregs who will staff up. That's not what I'm seeing. Tom Holman doesn't look like the dregs to me. Neither does El Lee Han. In fact, the vast majority of people who are being mentioned for the Trump administration look like pretty good folks to me. Actually. Meanwhile, the other aspect of hysteria is denial. It's fun to watch Democrats just deny what's going on all around, all around. Nancy Pelosi is still blaming Joe Biden, of course, she's blaming Joe Biden for Kamala Harris's law. She can't blame herself. She's the one who ousted Joe Biden in favor of Kamala Harris, who then proceeded to lose to Donald Trump.


Here's Nancy Pelosi over the weekend. The fact is she did a great job with the time constraint that she had. Had the president gotten out sooner, there may have been other candidates in the race. Kamala, I think still would've won, but she may have been stronger having taken her case to the public sooner. Should there have been an open primary though? Well see. We thought that there would be a, you know, there it was. The anticipation was that, that if there, if the president were to step aside, that there would be an open primary. And as I say, Kamala may have, I think she would've done well in that and been stronger going forward.


But we, we don't know that that didn't happen. We live with what happened. And because the president endorsed Kamala Harris immediately, that really made it almost impossible to have a primary at that time. I love this. So Pelosi is not just blaming Biden for not leaving soon enough. She's now blaming Biden for endorsing Kamala Harris, which is something large swaths of the Democratic Party Upper echelon wanted because it meant that the Democratic party snapped into place with a billion dollars behind her and then she proceeded to blow it. By the way, speaking of blowing through money, there is a report from Fox News that Kamala Harris paid Oprah Winfrey's Harpo Productions a million dollars on October 15th.


Winfrey appeared throughout the campaign. She did a star-studded town hall for the vice president in September. She also appeared at Harris's final rally in Philadelphia. And apparently again, a million dollars was paid. Not only that, the Washington Examiner, which is actually, they, they do amazing reporting in the Washington Examiner. They're revealing that the campaign spent big on the call her daddy podcast. Remember that one? That's supposed to be the big winner for Kamala, where she went and she sent with the, she sat with the, the oral sex lady to talk about all of her views on politics. Apparently the campaign spent money on that. They spent six figures building a set for Harris's appearance on the popular call her daddy podcast. By the way, I'm looking at that set that don't cost six figures.


I'm sorry. Like we have sets all over the place here at DailyWire next time. Take a competitive bid lady and my goodness, look at this set. It's like a wall that says call her daddy and some photos stacked up in the back. That's like the whole set. I could make this set my se I'm, I'm, I'm no jack of all trades when it comes to handiwork. I could make this set myself for under $20,000. I mean, I'm looking at that set. That's ridiculous. But of course she was supposed to be amazing at this and, and then it turns out she was not. And yet people still can't believe she lost Charlamagne The God again, I I think that if you botch an election this badly, then the, then the description, the God ought to be removed from your name.


Charlamagne says Kamala Harris ran a great campaign, which is weird 'cause she lost Donald Trump. I noticed. Have you talked to her since the loss? No, I haven't, but IIII can't wait to What are you gonna tell her? I'm gonna tell her I love her. I value her. I, I appreciate her and, you know, whatever she plans to do moving forward, I'm gonna always support her and I'm gonna say what I've, you know, been saying on the radio and on my podcast, that she has nothing to be ashamed about, you know, keep you, you, you, you, you, she ran a great campaign and only had a hundred days to do it. Nobody thought she could even do, you know what it is that she did? Like, you know, the first day getting all the delegates in line, you know, raising the money that that, that she raised, you know, digging the campaign out of a hole to where they were neck and neck on election day and she inspired a lot of people.


Yeah. So she, she, she inspired so many people that she ended up losing pretty much everywhere and winning fewer votes than Joe Biden pretty much everywhere. My favorite part of this particular interview on a BC news with John Carl is where Charlamagne, the God again, his appellation, the God ought to be removed because apparently his, his omniscience is, is clearly in question here. He's told that Donald Trump won one third of minority votes and he can't believe it. His head basically explodes live on camera. What do you make of the, the, the demographics here? I mean, Trump got one out of every three voters of color. No. Yeah, One outta three, 3%. Really? Yeah.


When you say color, you mean like black, brown, everything? Oh, well, I think that, you know, people have different issues that they care about, and I think that there's nobody out there that's a single issue voter. I think some of this is a backlash to race and gender and identity politics, but man, most people, they just care about keeping food on they on they table and keeping a roof over their head. And I think sometimes people forget about that. I think that they forget about, you know, the working class. And I, for whatever reason, Donald Trump speaks to the grievances of the working class in a real way. Oh man, I love that. I love that shock. That shock is just great. Alrighty, in just a moment, we are going to get to an incipient backlash among Democrats.


First, Am I Racist, became the biggest documentary of the decade in theaters. It is now streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus if you watched Mi Racist in Theaters, thank you and congratulations. You're now part of history, but there's more to see including a deleted scene with Matt Walsh as his beloved children's book character, Johnny the Walrus Plus behind the scenes footage where Matt reveals how he pulled off the biggest troll in history against the left. And yes, unfortunately for them it was all very real. The only way to watch anti-racist and get access to this exclusive content is with a DailyWire Plus membership. If you're not a member yet, now's the time to join. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Trump for 47% off a new annual membership.


Well, folks, reality may be settling in certain parts of the Democratic Party, and it's interesting to see the Democratic Party go through these sort of spasms. They're fighting one another, they're sort of the more reasonable half of the party. And then there are the identity politics, nut jobs, and they're all in a big scrum with one another. Right now, Donna Brazil, who used to be a member of Team Clinton, she says, listen, we need some introspection here. We blew it obviously, And the truth is we should put it all on a table and have a great introspection as to what happened, what happened in New Jersey. When Chris and I were sitting there on election night and I'm looking at Chris like, Hey, what's going on? What was going on in Minnesota? What was going on? Of course in Massachusetts and Rhode, which Was, Trump was doing better in all these Blue places.


Trump improved not just his numbers in the battleground, which we were talking about on election night, three to four points. He also improved in inner cities. He improved in outer suburbs. So it looks like Trump ran the 50 state strategy that the Democrats used to talk about. Okay, So I mean, the thing they should be doing obviously is moderating, and you're starting to see a few of them say exactly this Fareed Zakaria, he ripped into the Kamala Harris campaign for their illiberal positions and also their legal cases against Trump are, are they starting to see reality? By the way, that'd be good for the country now, as somebody who wants to see Republicans continue to win, because I have not yet tired of the winning, it would be good for there to be another party that's not insane in the country. That would be awesome actually. Here's Fareed Zakaria.


Lofa turned Trump from being a loser into a victim, and as his indictments grew, his campaign contribution surged and his poll numbers solidified. The final error is a more diffuse one. The dominance of identity politics on the left, which made it push for all kinds of DEI policies that largely came out of the urban academic bubble, but alienated in many mainstream voters. There's an irony in claiming to be prot by insisting that people use the term Latinx only to discover that Latinos themselves think the word is weird. This kind of obsession made Democrats view people too much through their ethnic or racial or gender identity, and it made them miss, for example, that working class Latinos were moving toward Trump, perhaps because they were socially conservative or liked his macho rhetoric or even agreed with his hard line stance on immigration.


One of Trump's most effective ads on trans issues had a tagline. Kamala is for they them, president Trump is for you. The problem is much deeper than simply one about nouns and pronouns. The entire focus on identity has morphed into something deeply illiberal, judging people by the color of their skin rather than the content of their character. I mean, that is Fareed Zakaria speaking actual common sense. Now, there are some other members of the Democratic Party who are pushing this as well. They're saying they need to stop focusing on the racial issues and start focusing on the economic issues. Obviously, Bernie Sanders is the one who's leading the way on this. He believes that if you just toss out some warmed over socialism that that will win the next election. Again, the reality is that if Democrats wish to win, what they need to do is go back to Bill Clinton's 1992 playbook.


Bill Clinton is the last sort of traditional democratic politician to win. Barack Obama was not a traditional democratic politician. He ran in 2008 as a great unifier. He ignored every issue and then he somehow was able to, to draw a victory out in 2012, despite being fairly widely unpopular and Democrats have been trying to duplicate 2012 ever since to their own great failure. What they really should be trying to do is re-embrace the sort of principles of Bill Clinton, which is centrism on economics, centrism on the border, centrism on foreign policy, and Bill Clinton was famous for triangulating. That's the thing they should be pursuing. They shouldn't be going all the way to the Bernie Sanders progressive left. When it comes to economics, that is not a substitute for the sort of race centrism of the modern democratic left here is Bernie though, trying to push the idea that if you run as a communist, you'll win Bottom line.


If you're an average working person out there, do you really think that the Democratic Party is going to the mats taking on powerful special interest and fighting for you? I think the overwhelming answer is no, and that is what has got to change. Okay? But by the way, Nancy Pelosi is not wrong. When she then comes back at Bernie Sanders and she roasts him saying, listen, you say that we abandoned the working classic. Where are you getting that? The fact is, is that what we do, what our purpose is in the Democratic Party is for America's working families. So, so why did voters, if you pursue it, what, what did what? Go ask Bernie Sanders. He, Bernie Sanders has not won. Let me, with all due respect, and I have a great deal of respect for him, for what he stands for, but I don't respect him saying that the Democratic Party has abandoned the working class families.


That's where we are. And there are a lot of Democrats right now who are basically saying that if we just run as economic populace, that's a cure all. I don't think that works. I think that because the underlying sort of tension of economic populism for the left is that you are being victimized by a greater system and that thus government must step into the breach and fill every gap. I don't think most Americans are up with that. I really don't. I think most Americans want very simple things. They wanna be able to keep the wealth that they make. Most Americans would like to be able to build generational wealth.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect their gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


Most Americans are not satisfied with a government handout or government paycheck that Bernie Sanders wants to give them. Most Americans want to build the American dream, they wanna have their hands involved in that building, and that means that they want to be able to actually build a life for themselves. That's the American dream. Bernie Sander doesn't believe in the American dream. He believes stagnation through redistribution. That's what Bernie believes. So on an economic side, I don't think that that's gonna work. What's certainly not gonna work is doubling down on identity politics. And again, you can see the, the sort of radical break that's happening inside the Democratic party right now. Medi Hassan, who, when he's not spending time over the weekend justifying pogroms in Amsterdam, he was tweeting out good job, white men and women pointing out that white men and women voted overwhelmingly for President Trump.


He apparently seems to ignore the fact that Latino men voted 50 47 for Harris, which is an astonishing statistic by the way that he, he, he tweets out, it's all about race. John Favreau over at PO Save America tweeted back to him. Do you think that this is in any way helpful or illuminating? You know, who elected Trump? Everyone who voted for him, regardless of race, gender, ethnicity, age or background. You know, who didn't, everyone who voted for Kamala Harris, we gotta stop blaming entire groups of people based on their identity. That's part of how he got here in the first place, which is, I mean, honestly clap, you know, applause for, for John Favreau, who's part of the intersectional crew back when he was on Team Obama, some people are starting, but they can't get away from it. They can't actually cut that part out of their own base. This is the problem.


They're now in sort of a, a death grip sort of a a in a death embrace with the intersectional racial left. So Bernie Sanders, who was out there one second ago saying, we need to re-embrace economic populism also can't just disown the wokeness. The Democratic Party must continue to stand up against all forms of bigotry and Democrats should hold their head high in saying, we led the fight for women's rights and to protect the woman's constitutional right for abortion. We led the fight for civil rights for gay rights. That is something we should be proud of. But it's not either or, Chris, this is the problem. You can do both.


You could say that I'm for raising the minimum wage to a living wage guarantee healthcare for all people expanding social security, and by the way, I also support a woman's right to control her own body, et cetera. It's not either or. It's going forward in both directions. Okay? Again, he's, he's doubling down on the wokeness too. This, by the way, was the kiss of death for Bernie. Bernie tried to run his woke candidate in 2020 against Joe Biden and it didn't work because he couldn't outwork Joe Biden on the racial side. I mean, and, and Democrats are still finding this out. So Seth Moton, who's one of the few reasonable Democrats in Congress, Seth Moulton, he had said publicly that, you know, maybe boys shouldn't be playing against girls in sports.


In an interview at the New York Times, he said, Democrats spend way too much time trying not to offend anyone, rather than being brutally honest about the challenges many Americans face. I have two little girls, I don't want them getting run over on a playing field by a male or formerly male athlete, but as a Democrat, I'm supposed to be afraid to say that. And then he said, I stand firmly in my belief for the need for competitive women's sports, but limits on the participation of those with the unfair physical advantages that come with being born male. I'm also a strong supporter of the Civil rights all Americans, including transgender rights. Okay? But this led to a, a massive, a massive blowback. So Democrats were very angry at him. Salem City councilor Kyle Davis called for molten to resign. Meanwhile, Massachusetts State representative Manny Cruz, suggested that molten stance was quote, a betrayal.


Massachusetts State Senator Jamie Eldridge condemned the post and said, do not abandon our values. So you're starting to see, again, this battle does not happen without some pain. Here is Seth Moten saying, listen, the fact that there's Democrats who are fighting me on this underscores exactly why we got act. The point is that the backlash I've received proves my point that we can't even have these discussions as a party. I mean, the chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party wouldn't even return my phone call, and we've gotta be able to have these debates, but instead we have a wing of our party that shames us, that tries to cancel people who even bring up these difficult topics and frankly, shames voters.


This is the same group of people who told us to defund the police, who told us that there wasn't a problem at the southern border who told us that inflation was transient, whatever that means, and who told us that Biden was just fine and they're out of touch with voters. If we just listen to voters on all of these issues, they were telling us the truth. I mean, that is exactly right. That's exactly what, again, this process in the Democratic Party will bear a better democratic party. Again, as a Republican, I'm perfectly happy if they continue to kind of spiral into the dust, but I would prefer that there be two not insane parties in the United States that would actually be good. Alrighty, guys, coming up, we'll get into who will lead the resistance on behalf of the Democrats.


If you're not a member, become member Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.