
Inauguration Day, January 20th. Watch it with us. Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavin, and Jeremy Boring. Live from dc. Donald Trump's historic second term officially begins. Coverage starts at 8:30 AM Eastern Watch, live on Daily Wire Plus Folks Monday. History is in the making. The Daily Wire will be live from DC as Donald Trump takes his oath of office. Watch it all live and celebrate the 47th President with 47% off your membership. Use code 47 at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe and join us live.


Well, nature is healing. Things are beginning to change. Donald Trump will be taking, as we mentioned, his oath of office in just days. In order for Donald Trump to take office first, Joe Biden has to go on his way out. Joe Biden is attempting to constrain President Trump as he comes in. According to the New York Times, in the final days of his term, president Biden has issued a series of policy decisions intended to cement his agenda, and in some cases make it harder for Presidents elect Donald J. Trump to put in place his own. And this is always the danger of an outgoing administration, particularly one as venal and corrupt and terrible. As Joe Biden's administration, Joe Biden is going to end up as a footnote in history, the guy who ushered Donald Trump back into the White House, the 11th hour decisions, many of them executive actions according to the New York Times, include measures on environmental justice, which is to say banning fracking and limiting drilling off the coast.


Prison reform meaning jailbreak, immigration, foreign relations, some are intended to preserve Biden's legacy. Others are last ditch efforts to expand his approach. What does that mean? Well, he's attempted to announce a ban, a new oil and gas drilling across more than 625 million acres of US coastal waters. President Trump has promised to reverse all of that. Biden is creating two national monuments in California that are not really about creating national monuments. They're intended to prevent mining and drilling that would cover 848,000 acres of desert and mountainous land in the state that no human will ever visit unless they were actually going to, you know, increase the energy production of the United States. The Biden administration announced that they would remove Cuba from a list of spa state sponsors of terrorism in an attempt to box Donald Trump.


In, of course, president Biden commuted the sentences of pretty much everybody on federal death row unless they killed particular protected classes of people, which apparently does not include small children. The president also issued sweeping rules earlier this week to govern how AI chips and models can be shared with foreign countries. The president said that he would cancel student loans for more than 150,000 borrowers, which is a thing that he doesn't actually have the ability to do. And the Supreme Court said he could not in fact do. The administration issued sweeping extensions of deportation protections for hundreds of thousands of people to prevent President Trump from actually moving those people out of the country. And of course, president Biden signed a piece of legislation that gives full social security benefits to some public sector retirees who are currently receiving them at reduced level, and he's attempting to shield people from being fired by the incoming President Trump.


Meanwhile, Joe Biden is desperately attempting to shore up his legacy by crapping all over Kamala Harris, his vice president, and apparently they're very mad at one another. According to the Wall Street Journal, vice President Kamala Harris has told close allies and family members, she's disappointed in President Biden's recent contention, he would've won the 2024 election. So it wasn't enough for him to be pushed aside. Now she wants him to admit that he would've lost anyway and that it was a good move for him to be pushed aside, which is pretty amazing considering that again, he was shiv directly in the guts by everybody around him. It was a true Julius Caesar assassination moment in American politics that we all got to watch as it unfolded.


And Kamala Harris wants Joe Biden to acquiesce in his political euthanasia. Harris, according to the Wall Street Journal, has been reluctant to distance herself from Biden or criticize him throughout her vice presidency, even as several top Democrats pushed her to break from the unpopular President Harris refused. Yes, it was all about her support for the man that she had just destroyed. Asked if he thought he could have defeated Trump earlier this month. Biden said quote, it's presumptuous to say that, but I think yes, based on the polling. Now, in reality that's not true. But of course this infighting was bound to break out. Of course that was going to happen. Nothing new there. Meanwhile, Kain Jean-Pierre World's worst press secretary, we are seeing the last of her. Thank God, thank God. Well, she says, don't worry guys, it'll take time to see Joe Biden's impact.


I mean, that's true. The garbage policies that he planted in the heart of American democracy are gonna take a while to come to fruition, and they're going to be completely damaging. The vast overspending, the changes to procurement systems, the way that environmental regulations have been done, all those things will take time to fully materialize. Donald Trump is gonna try to reverse as many of those as possible. But Kain Jean Pierre, she's out there saying, don't worry, Joe Biden will be seen as a historic president. How does he reconcile this gap between what he views as achieve as achievements, infrastructure, investments, job growth, climate initiatives, and the perception that he's failed to deliver? The American people have gone through a lot in these four years, and so we understand that it's going to take a little bit of time for them, for folks to, to see the impact that this administration has had.


But there are facts. There are, there's data out there to show that the work that this president has done, building an economy from the bottom out, middle out has been, has mattered. Yeah, not so much. Not so much. It'll, it'll be great to see the end of her because she is just absolutely awful. And here's the thing. By the time Joe Biden left office, people don't like him across the spectrum, moderates don't like him because he wasn't moderate. The left doesn't like him because they are nuts. Just absolutely nuts. Antoni Blinken, the outgoing Secretary of State, was giving his outgoing statement, his sort of de mall and a bunch of far left pro kamas reporters showed up to harass Tony Blinken as though Tony Blinken had been some sort of stalwart pro Israel ally throughout the current Gaza war In our democracy, Reporters in Gaza were on the receiving end of your bombs.


Why did you keep the bombs flowing when we had a deal? I'm happy. Address questions. We All knew we had a deal. Everyone in this room knows we had a deal, Tony, and he kept the bombs Rolling. I'm happy to address questions when we get a chance. Thank you. Based order on the mantle of your commitment, designers. Did You wanna finish? You know, he richly deserves it. It's his own fault. It was this administration that decided to allow pro kamas propaganda into the press room. It was their decision to do that, and they receive the outcome that they so richly deserve, which is to be booted out of office and be hated by the very people that they were attempting to parlay with. Meanwhile, president Trump is entering the White House with more positive sentiment than he has ever had in his entire political career, including his first term. According to a new CNN poll conducted by SSRS, Trump continues to see majority approval for his handling of the transition.


55% approval, which is a very, very high percent, 56% expect President Trump to do a good job in his second term, which by the way, is an amazing number, almost six in 10. Americans expect Donald Trump to do a good job in his second term that that's including moderates and Democrats and everybody else. Why? Because as it turns out, Donald Trump is a pragmatist. He's utilitarian. All he cares about is the winning. And so even people who may not agree with many of his conservative policies are interested in a country that actually functions, again, a country that actually has a booming economy and a strong foreign policy. Opinions of Trump personally are closely split between favorable 46% and unfavorable 48%.


Those are his best numbers since just after the 2016 election. However, the numbers on personal approval matter a lot less than the number on. Do you think he will be a successful president? That is a big number. 56%. 56% say they believe economic conditions in the country will be very or somewhat good a year from now. 52% say the country more generally will be better off four years from now. By the way, 31% of Democrats believe the economy is gonna be somewhat or very good a year from now. And so do 54% of independence. That is an amazing increase for President Trump. He is coming in with a honeymoon. And if Congress does the things it is supposed to do, then we are going to see this boomlet turn into an actual boom on behalf of President Trump.


And you can feel, you can, you can feel the mood changing in the country. Now, the addition of Elon Musk, sort of the Republican side of the aisle has been an imagistic boon in extraordinary ways. Yesterday, for example, the super heavy booster was caught again by the so-called chopsticks. So Musk is doing things with te with technology. They're just cool. You know what? It's, it's cool to be American. It's cool to live in a country that makes this sort of thing possible. It's cool to live in a country where a guy who comes to America with pretty much no money can build himself into the richest person on earth. Making companies that create electric cars and rockets that are reusable and can be caught from midair that are 20 stories high.


Here's some of the footage yesterday. I mean, again, maybe I'm like a little kid with this stuff. That's fine. I think most people are. It's just cool. It's just cool. And it gives you a feeling of optimism about the country to see this sort of thing and know by the way, that Elon Musk is going to be participating in trying to move toward governmental efficiency. That is a very, very good thing. Here's some of the video from yesterday Booster now hovering as it aligns with the tower for Catch Booster coming in down to get ready for that boom down To three edges, and here come the chopsticks and they're going to catch the booster in midair Booster ready, And you can hear everybody cheering.


I mean, that's super cool. It's really cool. Now, 30 years from now, people will pretend that it never happened and that it was all a conspiracy theory, but it is in fact really, really, really cool. And again, you can feel nature beginning to heal. The FBI in December closed their DEI office that is in anticipation of President Trump doing the same. According to Fox News, the agency told Fox News digital quote, in recent weeks, the FBI took steps to close the Office of Diversity and Inclusion effective by December, 2024. The agency did not specify why it had closed the office, but the obvious answer is President Trump was gonna come in and close it anyway. DEI practices are on their way out the door as well. They should be. You're feeling it.


As Doge moves toward cutting all sorts of DEI programs, according to the Washington Post, doge is going to be identifying hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars in spending on diversity, equity, and inclusion that they're going to identify as possibilities for cuts. Again, according to the Washington Post, they're considering a 19 page report from the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty that identified more than $120 billion annually. And what it said was diversity, equity, and inclusion spending and doja is gonna target that for cutting, and that is going to be excellent as well. Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online.


Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business easier. Call visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank. Corporate America is beginning to conform to the new reality as well. It should. Google, for example, is not going to be doing what the EU wants it to do and adding fact checks to YouTube videos. Well, that's because the EU wishes to crack down on free speech. The EU is not a friend to free dissemination of opinion.


Google has never included fact checking as part of his content moderation practices. But the EU was pushing super hard. And if Joe Biden had been reelected, you can guarantee that Google would've moved in that direction. 'cause Biden was very friendly toward the EU policy. But now, in a letter written to Nate Nicole, the deputy director General under content and technology arm at the European Commission, Google's global affairs President Kent Walker, said The fact-checking integration required by the commission's new disinformation coded practice, quote simply isn't appropriate or effective for our services and said, Google will not commit to it that matters because all of the fact-checkers have been historically far left wing propaganda outfits that are designed to quash the speech of people who disagree. Instead, Walker is moving toward, he says, Google is moving toward a sort of community notes program just like X, which is correct.


That is the way it ought to be done. Meanwhile, mark Zuckerberg over at Meta is not just changing policy with regard to opening up a free speech, allowing people to say things, allowing people to see things. He is also apparently going to start actually operating meta like the business it originally was. He's going to cut low performers faster. According to the Washington Post, it's a move that will lead to thousands of job cuts in a layoff that could affect 5% of the company. He's decided to raise the bar on performance management. Zuckerberg said, this is gonna be an intense year. I wanna make sure we have the best people on our team. Meta confirm these policies will lead to way dramatic staff cut. And again, that one of the reasons for that is because they're going to cut a lot of the DEI dead weight wash.


That's what's gonna happen. Meanwhile, even companies like Starbucks are feeling the ability to actually do business. Again. Starbucks is now going to require people visiting its coffee shops to buy something in order to stay or use its bathrooms. That sounds like a small change, but the reality is Starbucks tried this a few years ago. The left wing blowback was so strong. They then said that homeless people could basically walk into their bathrooms and shower, and now they realize, Hey, wait a second. Maybe the cultural tides have turned. And we don't actually have to allow people to loiter in our stores. Business is very often led by culture. And culture leads politics as well. All of this is very good. You could feel a lot of this optimism yesterday in the hearing for Scott Besant, the Treasury Secretary nominee for President Trump.


Scott Besson suggested it's time to change our attitude about the economy. It's time for agro pro-growth attitude, Productive investment that grows the economy must be prioritized over wasteful spending that drives inflation. As we begin, 2025, Americans are barreling towards an economic crisis. A year end, if Congress fails to act, Americans will face the largest tax increase in history, a crushing 4 trillion tax hike. We must make permanent the 2017 tax 2017 tax Cuts and Jobs Act and implement new pro-growth policies to reduce the tax burden on American manufacturers, service workers and seniors.


So again, all of this is good, and you can feel the optimism in the business community. By the way, again, I'm the co-owner of a fairly large business in the United States. I know business owners ranging from the right to the left. Everybody, even the people who didn't vote for Trump, are very optimistic about the state of the economy, about the realization that this government is not going to be attempting to quash American innovation. That was always the feeling under Joe Biden. Joe Biden's closing message was, innovators in our economy are forming an oligarchy to control you. Says the man who spent 50 years in American politics at the top of a governmental oligarchy designed to control you. And now business owners are saying, you know what we're no, the answer is no. Scott Bessant actually had a fascinating exchange with the Extricable evil.


Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders truly like his perspectives are evil. He's a bad person. Bernie Sanders, he is, he's a total leech. He has been a leech for his entire adult life. This is a man so ridiculous that he was effectively kicked out of a commune for failing to do work back in his twenties. He's a deadbeat who failed to pay child support for his own child back when he was in Vermont. And Bernie Sanders is a scuz bucket. He is awful. And he happens to be a pathetically rich socialist with his own Lakehouse Dacia. In any case, he decided that he was going to go after Scott Besson and ask about the so-called oligarchy by, by citing people like Elon Musk, and listen to Besson's answer here.


Do you think that when so few people have so much wealth and so much economic and political power, that that is an oligarchic forms of society? Well, I I, I wouldn't note that the President Biden gave the presidential medal freedom to two people who I think would qualify for his oligarchs. So I, This is not a condemnation of any one individual. I'm just asking you would so few people have so much wealth and power, But, but Do you think that that is an oligarchic form of society? Senator? I I think it depends on the, the, the ability to move up and down the, no, That's not really dancer.


I mean, even if you had that mobility, no matter who those individuals might be, Okay, that's an insane perspective from Bernie Sanders. It doesn't matter if you can become a billionaire. It's an oligarchic. Billionaires exist. That's asinine. And Bess was like, no, that's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. Because of course it is ridiculous. It is a scavenger mentality. Bernie Sanders has never produced a damn thing one day in his entire life. He's a career loser. He's a loser who has been made into a famous person by a bunch of people who have a zero sum mentality when it comes to how the economy ought to work and how human life ought to work. Bernie Sanders has never hired a human. He has never run a business. Bernie Sanders has never been a person who has developed any sense of personal success.


He's never produced anything for anyone except for himself and the people who he supposedly gets to vote for him. And there he is declaring that any form of society in which some people are able to get rich is an oligarchy while he himself has a lakehouse. What a pathetic. And you know what? We're done with that. We're done with that as a country, I hope permanently. I doubt it, but at least for the moment, we are very much done with that. Besson wasn't done roasting senators, by the way, yesterday. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, who has just made an ass of himself in every one of these hearings. He decided to ask Scott Bess about an article in The Economist and, and suggest that Beson hadn't read it, it didn't go well for him. I actually asked you personally to read this Economist magazine article.


I don't think it's complicated Note, Senator Whitehouse, you gave it to me in your office and I I did read it. Good. Alright, so we're ahead of you. So I'm I, I just wanna make sure I Will point out to my children, behind me doing your homework's important. It Is important, and thank you for doing that. I think you're the first person in the nominations hearing who's actually done the reading that has been proposed. Oh, white House, what, what a clown he is. Now, there are some problems on the horizon. Those problems are things that unfortunately both parties are going to ignore. So there are some problems that are handleable. One of those problems is the extension of the Trump tax cuts. If the Trump tax cuts were to expire this year, that would be awful for business. It'd be a radical increase in taxation that would lead to job loss, to lack of innovation, to lack of productivity.


Here is Beston talking about that yesterday in front of his confirmation hearing. As we begin, 2025, Americans are barreling towards an economic crisis at year end, if Congress fails to act, Americans will face the largest tax increase in history, a crushing 4 trillion tax hike. Okay? But that is actually solvable. That is something that actually can be solved for by a Republican Congress extending the tax cuts. That is going to happen. That is the number one priority for the Trump administration. But there are other problems that are on the horizon. And here is where, again, I have a problem with both parties. This is not a single party problem, and that is the spending. So Besson says, listen, we don't have a revenue problem in this country.


We have a spending problem in this country. That is obviously, obviously true. We do not have a revenue problem in the United States of America. We have a spending problem that historically, for the past 40 or 50 years revenues, federal government revenues have averaged about 17 to 17.5% of GDP. Yeah. And spending has been slightly over that leading us to a three point a half percent budget deficit, which is manageable because we have roughly 3.8% nominal growth. 1.8% real growth, 2% inflation today, as you stated, and to be clear, this is one of the things that got me out from behind my desk and my quiet life in this campaign was the thought that this spending is out of control.


We are spending about 24 20 5% of GDP. So as you said, 6.8 to 7% deficit. We have never seen this before when it is not a recession or not a war, Okay? So here is the big problem. However, if you think that spending L levels are about to drop dramatically, I don't think that's the case because the American people don't want the spending to drop dramatically. We, like every other developed Western country, are going to spend our way into some form of actual economic problem. We are, we are going to spend our way into austerity measures eventually because we refuse to take the measures that would actually be necessary.


Are you Looking for a better quality meat? Good Ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed, oil free chicken nuggets, or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code, Daily Wire, good ranchers, American Meat delivered.


So at the same time, best Essence is saying, we don't have a revenue problem. We have a spending problem. He's also saying, we're not gonna touch Social Security and Medicare. Listen, I get it. I get that. That is the actual politically viable thing to say about entitlement programs. The reality of course, is that entitlement programs are gonna get solved by neither party because any time anybody tries to do something about it, that person ends up on the wrong side of the American people. I'm old enough to remember when George W. Bush, in the aftermath of his reelection proposed Social Security privatization, which just would've meant that you would've been taxed for Social Security and would've gone into a savings account that would actually have been invested in the stock market. Okay? If that had happened, if you had taken that money and invested it in the Dow Jones Industrial average in 2005, the Dow Jones Industrial average in 2005, just to be clear about why George Dalby Bush was right on this, but nobody will do it again.


The Dow Jones Industrial average in 2005 was 10,600. Today, the Dow Jones Industrial average is 43,000. 43,000. You've quadrupled the amount of money in those Social security savings account if you had just put it in the Dow Jones Industrial average when George W. Bush wanted to do so, but nobody was willing to touch it. 'cause everyone's afraid of the issue that includes Republicans and Democrats. Here's best in saying we're not gonna touch Social Security or Medicare. I want to emphasize that President Trump has said that Social Security and Medicare, they will not be touched. And I believe, But I'm saying touch in a positive way, not cut benefits, not raise taxes, indeed increase benefits and take that 25% cut off the table just to make that Clear.


No, no, I, I understand. And so those, those would not be touched Again. And I think that that Trump knows politically what is palatable and what is not. But let's be real about this. Spending levels ain't gonna radically decrease any time in the near future, which is the reason why President Trump wants an elimination of the debt limit. And now I'm not in favor of eliminating the debt limit. I think that it is very good that Congress actually has to consider raising the debt limit. So there can be an actual negotiation over not increasing spending in particular areas. Although I will say that Congress always goes to the easiest area to cut, which is the area they shouldn't cut, which is defense. They always go to defense and pretend it's easier to cut defense than it is to restructure some of the entitlement programs, which is a mistake.


However, president Trump is calling for an increase in the debt limit. My guess is that he will get it Once President Trump takes office. And if I'm confirmed, if he wants to eliminate the debt limit, I will work with him and you on that. Yeah. Like this is really, you know, again, I don't think great policy, but the reality is that we are about to enter a boom time because tax are going to remain low, regulation is going to be reduced. Innovators and businesses know what is coming predictable. Low regulation societies are the ones that actually have extraordinary economic growth. And we're about to see that in the United States. Other nominees for President Trump had their hearings yesterday that included Doug Bergham over at the Department of the Interior, who's made himself sort of a cult figure after running a SATA campaign for president.


Here is the Governor of North Dakota, Doug Bergham, who is going to be the new Secretary of the Interior. I do want to begin with gratitude, as I always do, with a special thank you to my friend, Senator Hovan. Senator Kramer, not just for their kind words this morning, but their incredible service to the country and to North Dakota over their lifetimes. And Senator Lee, as you acknowledge, I'm deeply grateful for the support of all of of my friends, my family, especially our three kids, and my amazing, courageous former First Lady and my wife, Catherine Bergham, who's joining me here today. It's certainly an honor to have been nominated by President Trump to serve as the 55th Secretary of the Interior.


Meanwhile, Lee Zelin, the former congressperson from New York, who ran for governor of New York that may have saved Republican Congress a couple of years back because he outperformed against Kath Ogle. He was asked by the executable Senator Sanders about China and our perspective on China. He's going to be the head of the EPA. And he says, listen, China's an adversary. Why are we pretending they're our friends? Are you, and hopefully your colleagues, if you are confirm prepared to work with China to try to lower carbon emissions SE Senator on many different issues. It is important not just to be working with nations that we are the strongest aligned with, but to also be in communication with and engaged in dialogue with countries that might be considered competitors and also our greatest adversaries.


And Right now, China is a, is an adversary in many respects. He is right about that. And this is why I'm very confused about the varying perspectives on the right about TikTok. TikTok is a Chinese app. It is run by, by Dance. By Dance is a subsidiary of the Chinese government. They're gathering data on Americans. They are spreading via social media algorithm, mental poison to Americans. And the way that you can tell this is that the version of TikTok that Chinese people see is totally different. You're not gonna see attempts at Transgendering the children in China. You're gonna see that all over TikTok today. Chinese government propaganda is going out on TikTok at an alarming rate on every issue from economics to foreign policy.


Okay? China runs the out, listen, I'm speaking to somebody who has 3 million followers, almost 3 million followers over at TikTok, and something like 60 million likes over at TikTok. So this is not coming from a small account at TikTok. TikTok is a Chinese owned app that is designed as a psyop on the American people. And yet somehow there's been this attempt, whether through solidarity with many of China's actual policies or out of a misguided belief, that somehow if the American government doesn't like Chinese ownership of TikTok, that means the American government is attempting to censor information to, to the idea that TikTok ought to be banned unless it's divested, its Chinese ownership.


Again, no one is suggesting that TikTok, if it were not owned by the Chinese, ought to be banned. No one is suggesting that right, left or center. So far as I'm aware, I'm not calling for any of the other social media mechanisms to be shuttered. In fact, I want them to broaden the amount of speech they allow. I've been fighting for that literally my entire career, and it's been a major issue for my company. The Daily Wire TikTok, however, is a Chinese app. It is Chinese owned. It is a Chinese propaganda tool. This is perfectly clear from all available data. And yet you're seeing some bizarre folks on the Right now saying that if TikTok is shut down, they're going to go and join other Chinese apps, okay? Geniuses, I mean, I suppose if you would like the Chinese to, you know, actually be able to face track you, which is apparently one of the things that these apps are doing, they're not just, they're not just tracking your data, they're tracking literally everything about you.


This is crazy Towns. What, what is the possible logic? So one bizarrely awful account, a person named Kim Iverson. So we had just download the Shall Hong Shoe app. Banning TikTok is gonna completely, massively backfire. This app is showing Americans a completely different view of China. It's obvious China is the new world. Well, I, I guess you guys aren't being hijacked or anything by, by the Chinese. I, I guess that's not happening. And what, what would possess you, this is, this is legitimately like you read a bunch of Walter Duranti propaganda about the Soviet Union in 1932, and then it turns out that Walter Durante is basically having his prostitutes and booze paid for by the Soviet government. And that comes out and you're like, you know what?


In retaliation for that coming out, I'm now going to subscribe to Pravda and give them all my personal information. What the hell? Like, seriously what the Chinese, by the way, this is hilarious. The Chinese are actively attempting to ban American users from being able to reach the Chinese on their new Chinese apps. So Beijing sensors are getting very upset. They're getting very upset because as it turns out, the Americans who are joining all these apps, they don't want the Americans to actually be able to access Chinese viewers via these new apps. They want to ban them. They don't want anything American in their country. They don't want any of our culture in their country.


What they do wanna do is track everything you are doing. And what I, I failed to understand, maybe there is no logic. Maybe it's all just reactionary nonsense. Red Note, which is one of these apps, is again, doing extraordinary technological tracking of all of its users on behalf of the Chinese government. So, I mean, I guess if you wanna give them your data, that's your problem. Just understand the Chinese government is going to have all of the data that is on your phone if you give it to them. According to the New York Times, man, Ali spent the past five years building one of the hottest commodities on the internet. A group of people who reliably watch her videos on TikTok. She built an audience of nearly 10,000 followers with videos of herself vacuuming her house in Wisconsin, while her youngest daughter napped in a carrier on her back.


A video of Ms. Lee dancing and doing the issues has been watched more than 1 million times since November. Now with the Supreme Court, soon to rule on a case that could determine whether TikTok could be banned in the United States over national security concerns, Ms. Lee and other Americans looking for alternatives are downloading she Hong Shu a social media app popular in China, and little known outside the country, how funny would it be if they banned TikTok and we all just move over to this Chinese app she wrote on Monday on TikTok encouraging her followers to join her. Oh, goodness gracious people. Seriously, I, I'm not getting it. Why do you want the Chinese to have your information? Why you should be pushing for the actual bill that Congress pushed through to be implemented so that TikTok remains a feature of American life, but is not owned and run by the Chinese.


By the way, this is not just a critique of the left. This is a critique of a pretty much everybody who is pushing this nonsense. So Dave Portnoy, who generally I enjoy, the owner of Barstool Sports, he does a lot of great things. Dave Portnoy, when he is doing his, the other day, he did something awesome. He walked into a pizza shop and the pizza shop needed like 60 grand to keep operating. He liked the pizza. They were very nice to him. So he gave him 60 grand. Like Dave does some really great stuff. I don't know what he's talking about here via TikTok. The TikTok thing, I've already talked about this, the ban. I don't think there's any way we lose TikTok. If we lose TikTok. First of all, I don't even think they can really ban TikTok. Like I think it'll still work. From what I've seen, you just can't, like new people can't find it. Maybe I'm wrong, whatever the view is, government bans, TikTok, it is just more proof than go about the American people at all.


Like they have no clue what's going on. They're detached from reality. The amount of people, businesses, creators, individ, whatever you wanna say who earn a living through TikTok, they have no clue. So just to strip these people their livelihoods overnight, because why, the only thing I can come up with, you're afraid China could use it for like disinformation, control the algorithm, show people what they see. Listen again, if people are too dumb to check where they're getting information that is important in the first place. Like what the US government doesn't do disinformation, it's not on met, it's not on there. There's fake everywhere you go. If you have half a noodle up here, you gotta check what you're doing, do your research.


If you're just getting on a random TikTok dance, then you're a moron and whatever. I don't care about you. So again, I don't think there's any shot. I think the backlash will be too huge. Too many people losing their livelihoods. Too many people, companies losing marketing. I just don't see any way. Why are you blaming America for that? America offered TikTok an alternative sell. Sell your algorithm just divest of your Chinese ownership. That's it. Instead, apparently the Trump administration is having the head of TikTok, a person named Xou to sit among the president-elect high profile guests during the inaugural. Now listen, I understand that a lot of TikTok stars who are fans of President Trump, again, I have a lot of followers on TikTok. I'm a big backer of President Trump, and I think that this administration is gonna be great.


But the reason people are animated about TikTok has nothing to do with quote unquote censorship. It has to do with the Chinese government running the thing. It it's, it's pretty wild. Okay? In a moment, we'll get to some better news and some worse news.


First Monday is the big day. The Daily Wire will be live from DC to bring you every moment. As Donald Trump is sworn as the 47th president of the United States. We're not just covering history, we're delivering it straight to you live and uncensored. Because 47 is the magic number we're celebrating with 47% off new Daily Wire Plus annual memberships. We're tossing in a free $20 gift for joining the fight with Daily Wire. Plus you get all our shows uncensored in ad free, along with unlimited access to exclusive movies, documentaries, and series that are literally reshaping the culture. Don't miss it. Use code 47 at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe for 47% off your new membership today.


Okay, meanwhile, some good news for Republicans in the Senate. Brian Kemp is apparently looking at running it for Senate against John Ossoff. John Ossoff will lose that race. The polls Right now show Kemp up 46 to 40 Right now. Ossoff is leading some of the other Republicans who are being nominated. I think that that is just because of the, the amount of notoriety that Ossoff has had in the state of Georgia. I think that those races would not be 10 point races in favor of John Ossoff. Kemp should run and he should win. Meanwhile, Marco Rubio's Senate replacement has been named in the state of Florida. That would be the Florida Attorney General Ashley Moody, who is named by Governor Ron DeSantis to replace Rubio, who's going to be the Secretary of State. Moody is an excellent pick.


She's been an excellent attorney general in the state of Florida to replace her governor DeSantis named his chief of staff, James Meyer, who will also be an excellent ag. So again, the Republican Party is pretty stacked top to bottom, and the Senate constituency has a chance at getting bigger because there are a bunch of Democrats who are in red states. And if Republicans actually run people who are good, they are going to win those particular states. Meanwhile, the UK has now announced a rapid review into the scale of the child sexual abuse, grooming gangs in an attempt to avoid the blowback from Elon Musk, naming and shaming members of the UK government, Britain's government on Thursday, according to the New York Times, bow to pressure and announce new investigations into child sexual exploitation and abuse.


Speaking in Parliament, Yvette Cooper, the home secretary, said she had commissioned a rapid three month audit into the current scale and nature of gang based exploitation across the country that would examine data on the ethnicity of perpetrators. She also said the government would support and help fund up to five local inquiries into the issue of so-called grooming gangs. Apparently there's going to be, I've heard a sort of grooming gang lottery in which they determine almost by lottery, which cities are audited for grooming gangs. So it will not in fact be a nationwide audit of the grooming gang scandal, which is one of the great coverups in all of Western history. Grooming gangs represent a fraction of the total number of recorded cases of child sexual abuse in England and Wales as the New York Times attempting to cover for the fact that yes, child sexual abuse exists in pretty much every race in pretty much every culture.


But when you have organized gangs of men of one particular race and culture who are engaged in anything that is a different thing. They are organized, they are gangs. It is a different thing. While the London Mayor City Con was actually asked about grooming gangs in London, and he pretended he never heard of the issue. I asked you this question last week and you found every which way. But not to answer it, just how many grooming gangs have we got in London? Avoid a misunderstanding. Can she define what she means by that? Yes. If you look at what's gone on in Rodham, in where there are people taking young girls, grooming them for sex, that is what I'm talking about.


Well, we know in London there are issues about exploitation of young people, but they're not as defined by the member in her definition of what those types of gangs are. So are you saying we haven't got the same sort of gangs that are in Rodham, Bradford and lots of other places in the country, just fully Misunderstanding. What does she mean by that? You know full Well, what I mean by that, it's all over the television. You know exactly what I mean by that, Right? What he's trying to do is bait her into saying, these are Pakistani men who are gathering together to exploit white girls, which is the actual truth. And then if she says that he's gonna call her an Islamophobe, right? That is the stupid game that City Kah is playing.


I think those days are over. And if the government insists like city Kah on insisting that these gangs don't exist for purposes of political correctness and promoting the law, the multiculturalism is the strength of a country rather than assimilation into Western values, then I think the Labor Party is doomed for failure in Britain and that will be quite well deserved. Joining us online is Senator Tim Sheehy. He's a brand new senator, one of the excellent senators added to the Republican roster. I had the privilege of campaigning with Senator Sheehy in Montana during the last election cycle. I wanted to have him on to talk about what's going on in DC plus what's going on in California because he founded Bridger Aerospace, which was an aerial firefighting and wildfire management company. Senator Sheehy, great to see you on the program as an actual sworn in Senator.


Yeah, it's great to be here. Thanks for all your support. So let's talk about, you know, what you are expecting next week, the inauguration. What, what is the first job of the Senate as the new administration begins? Well, the first job is really what we're already doing, which is pretty, pretty incredible. That Leader Thune got us on an aggressive schedule, which is get Trump's nominees confirmed, get them in place so we can be operational moving forward on the agenda. And I think we've got 12, we've already had 12 hearings and appointments go through this week alone through committee. And, and that's fantastic. That's an awesome pace. I mean, the president's not even sworn in yet, and we're already making incredible progress towards getting his cabinet confirmed and in place. So, so that's the top priority. That's what we have to focus on because to get all the trickle down effects of, you know, the America First agenda, which won decisively in November, we have to get the executive agencies turned over and ready to execute on that day one.


So that's what we're doing. So obviously you were on the panel that was questioning Pete Hegseth as the possible Secretary of Defense. I think that he's gonna fly through with, with flying colors, given his performance, which I think was excellent. I wanna get your opinion. You had a, a pretty colorful exchange with, with Pete about the, the number of genders, about, about, you know, the, the sort of military specs on various operational systems and, and all the rest. What did you think of Pete's performance? How do you think his vote's gonna go? He did a fantastic job. He, he really did. And listen, I mean, it's, the confirmation here is the advising consent role is very important. So I don't think any of us expect this to be easy. No one expects these hearings to, Hey, we just walk on through, but they're supposed to be tough. We gotta ask tough questions. But, you know, there's tough questions, then there's just smear, smear crap.


And that's what we saw with Pete. Same thing we saw with Brett Kavanaugh, Clarence Thomas A. Long time ago. I mean, this is the Democrats tactic is if they don't want someone to get the job, they just smear 'em. You know, they did my campaign, they do it to these nominees and, and we don't need that. I I have no problem with that. Them asking tough, pointed questions about the ability of this person to do the job, you know, what they're doing is just trying to smear his character and make him look bad. But he held up fantastically well. He did a great job pairing with these ridiculous attacks away and staying focused on his message, which he did. And I agree with you. I think he's gonna be just fine. So Senator Sheehy, one of the big questions going forward is gonna be sort of the strategy of the Senate in terms of getting President Trump's agenda through, obviously while we won a big victory, we, meaning conservatives won a big victory over the course of the election cycle that only resulted in a 53 seat majority in the Senate, which means you really can't lose a lot of, a lot of votes on any sort of bill, which means also that the filibuster comes into play.


Reconciliation means probably there's only one or two big bills that get passed this year. How do you think that plays out? No, I think you're right. I mean, it's obviously not a 60 seat majority. We always knew we were not gonna have that. So I mean, we're gonna have to compromise The Senate's built that way. So I I I think we all wish we could just say, damn the torpedoes, do what we want. That, that's just not the way, that's not the way it works. And for good reason, the, the framers designed it that way and, and I'm a constitutionalist and respect that deeply. So, you know, there's certain things we're gonna be able to get done through reconciliation and, and hopefully make the tax cuts and job act permanent. A handful of other things, obviously, border legislation. The, the, the good news about border legislation is it's been such an abject disaster that, like you saw with Lake and Rally Act, I mean, there's been a lot of democrats realizing, you know, I need to be behind this.


Not, not only do I need to be, I should be because this is a crisis we have to fix. So I, I think that really the key things that, that folks are gonna be focused on, like the border, like getting the economy sorted out, I think we can actually probably pass those with Democrat support. But you're right, you know, after that it's gonna get a lot tougher. The Senator, she also wanted to ask you about the California wildfires. Given your history in, in aerial firefighting, wildfire management, you've been watching this disaster unfolding in California, you know, being on the inside of the industry, having founded a very successful company in that industry. What is the thing that Americans don't know about firefighting that, that maybe they need to know to understand what policy scripts were made in California? Well, there's no national standard for wildfire response time or, or ability.


You know, if, if you dial 9 1 1 where you're sitting Right now, NFPA, the National Fire Protection Association mandates that there'll be a, a, a fire truck and a fire crew at your house in about five minutes. That that's a national standard. And that was founded after, after the great fires of the 19th century, the great Chicago Fire, Kansas City, when entire cities would burn down, these firestorms folks came out of the ashes, those and realized we can't keep letting our cities burn to the ground. We need to come up with a, with a way, with a code to build buildings, to respond to fires and to create fire departments that can promptly respond to fires. And as a result of that adoption of those codes, you know, structure firefighter and civilian deaths have dropped over 80% in the last few decades because we focus on response time and having firefighters and aircraft ready to go.


You go to wildfire, there is no requirement nationally to respond to a wildfire in a certain amount of time. None. And what happens is, you know, imagine in your community there, if, if, if there hadn't been a fire in a week and the mayor said, you know what? We haven't had a fire, a house fire in a week, we're gonna fire the firefighters, sell the fire engines and rent out the fire station. 'cause obviously there hasn't been a fire. We don't need 'em. That's what we do with our wildland firefighting community. We lay off our firefighters, we don't pay them like the professionals they are, we send the airplanes and the helicopters home. And then when a fire starts, like in LA like in Texas last, last spring, like in New Jersey and November, we are not ready to launch on these incidents in the same fashion that we would for structure fire. So we need to adopt far more aggressive national codes.


And of course, as we're seeing in California environmental policies as well intentioned as they may be, have consequences. And when you decide that you're gonna prioritize an endangered species spotted owl, you know, the smelt fish that Eurasian snail fish, whatever the hell you want to, you know, list today, when you prioritize that over the safety of your communities, there are impacts. And now we're seeing what those impacts are. So I I, I think it's a wake up call. I wrote an op-ed in December, and I hate to be right on something like this, but I wrote an op-ed in December that literally and many of us have been, I wrote a book called Mudslingers where all the proceeds go to wildland firefighters, but it talked about this exact scenario that we are not ready for the big one. It's coming. And America's gonna have a very rough wake up call when they realize we cannot fight wildfire at the level we need to.


Lahaina Maui was burned off the map. A hundred people killed a year and a half ago. You know, obviously we're watching LA Burn today, tech said the largest fire in their history last year, we're not ready for this. And, and you know, this is America first Ben is when people say, well, you know, you know, America first is machismo, nationalist isolation. It's like, no, not at all. What America first means is it's not too much for our people to ask that our government will put their interests first. America first means common sense that the first role of government is to keep their people safe. Safety. That's it. And when you can't protect people from fire and the whole city's engulfing a firestorm, something's gotta change. Well, that's Senator Tim Sheehy, again, amazing addition to the United States Senate Senator, congratulations on becoming a sworn senator and we're looking forward to seeing what you do in DC Alright, thanks Ben.


Keep going. Appreciate it. Well, Meanwhile, the world of Hollywood has been rift torn apart by a brand new controversy. This is the controversy between a human named Justin Baldoni and another human named Blake Lively. Now you've probably heard of Blake Lively because she's an actress who's married to Ryan Reynolds. Justin Baldoni is significantly less famous, but they did make a movie together called It Ends With Us. The log line for that film is quote, when a woman's First Love suddenly reenters her life, her relationship with a charming but abusive neurosurgeon is upended and she realizes she must learn to rely in her own strength to make an impossible choice for her future. So it sounds totally awful. I of course have not seen a film like that because I have testicles so that that's, that's not a man movie that that is, that is a movie that is made for, in any case, this film became the subject of a thousand think pieces and two massive lawsuits because as it turns out, Blake Lively and Justin Baldoni were the stars of the film.


And Baldon directed it. They didn't get along. Apparently, rumors of a Feud began during their promotional tour in August, 2024. There was speculation that Blake Lively had actually brought in her husband, Ryan Reynolds to help take over creative control of the film. And Baldoni wasn't showing up at press events. And then Baldoni hired Johnny Depp's, crisis Management, n PR professional, a person named Melissa Nathan to represent him. Lively herself, was doing some kind of strange things during her press tour. She was criticized for her tone deaf approach to the movie, which is supposedly a fairly serious movie about abuse and, and all the rest here, for example, she was, she was doing a, a strange interview, But for people who see this movie who relate to the topics of this movie on a deeply personal level, they're really gonna want to talk to you.


This movie is gonna affect people and they're gonna want to tell you about their lives. So if someone understands the themes of this movie comes across you in public and, and they wanna really talk to you, what's the best way for them to be able to talk to you about this? How would you recommend they go about it? Like asking For like, my address or my phone number or like my location share, or I could just location share you and then we could, That's weird. He's literally asking, what would you say to somebody who was talking about abuse and she's like, you want my phone number? Like, what is happening Right now? And then apparently a, an interview with a journalist named Kirsty Flaw resurfaced from 2016 in which she was being very, very weird with her co-star from a movie called Cafe Society, which was a Woody Allen film.


First of all, congrats on your little bump. Congrats on your little bump. What about my bump? You've got two nice ones. And these, they are kind of bumps, aren't they? No, not bumps. The lovely lady lumps. Check it Out. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Are you like the movie? Are you a Woody Allen fan? I love Most of his movies. And this one was so like visually amazing. Yeah, it's gorgeous. Did you guys love wearing those kind of clothes that you Yeah, Yeah. And you know, working in digital, no One wants to talk about the clothes, but I wonder if they would ask the men about the clothes. I would, I love Jesse's suits and he has some be that's What I'm saying, his his wardrobe was beautiful.


I know everybody. Cory's wardrobe Of course, so Great. Those high-waisted pants. He's so great. I would wish men more high-waisted pants like that. I, that still Me the father with his, with his his tank top and bed. It's so good. Like it's just like catch could feel it table cloth. Look at the interview. The was like, what's happening Right now? Start spaghetti. I Didn't notice that. That is, there's so much warmth of everything, you know, man, They're weird. Yeah. It's not just the women that, that have the clothes but security piece have the conversation, but it's like every detail with everybody. Yeah, it's so it was amazing to look At. Okay, so I mean, first world of Hollywood actresses are very largely weird. I'm just gonna put that out there. Also, I didn't realize that Parker Poy had done a movie since Coyote Ugly.


Right? I didn't realized that she was still a working actress in any case. In December, Blake Lively filed a legal complaint against B'S Wayfair studio. She claimed sexual harassment, retaliation, failure to investigate or prevent harassment, aiding and abetting harassment, breach of contract, intentional infliction of emotional distress negligence, false light invasion of privacy interference with prospective economic advantage. And Lively had set forth a list of 30 HR related demands from Met Baldon and his production company. Those demands included no more showing nude videos and images to Lively or her employees, no mentions of Baldon. He's pornography addiction or discussions of personal sexual encounters. No more inquiries about lively religious beliefs or weight and all intimate scenes to be highly choreographed in advance.


Well, as we will explore in a moment, many of these accusations are taken wildly out of context. And because you hear that initially you're gonna be sympathetic to the actress who's accusing and director of of that sort of activity. But it turns out not too much. Well, she then apparently went to the New York Times and the New York Times did a giant propaganda piece on her behalf, talking about how dare Justin Baldoni defend himself with the PR campaign. The New York Times says quote, she claimed Baldon had improvised unwanted kissing and discussed his sex life, including encounters in which he said he may not have received consent. Mr. Heath, the producer Jamie Heath, had shown her a video of his wife naked, she said, and he had watched Ms. Lively in her trailer when she was topless and having body makeup removed despite her asking him to look away.


She said both men repeatedly entered her makeup trailer uninvited while she was undressed, including when she was breastfeeding. And then the hit piece had a bunch of text messages and emails between Balone and his PR team. Balone ended up being dropped by from William Morris Agency, which one the biggest to agencies in the world. Lively claimed that she missed hosting SNL because of the Balone smear campaign. And then Baldoni is now counter suing. He sued the New York Times for $250 million. He claims that Ryan Reynolds aggressively berated him Lively, then sued Baldoni officially. And yesterday Baldoni sued Lively and Reynolds for $400 million.


While joining us online to discuss the details of this salacious story is my friend Megan Kelly, journalist and host of the Megan Kelly Show. Okay, Megan, so I need you to walk me through the Blake Lively Justin Baldoni scandal here, because I'll be frank with you, until my producers put this on my agenda, I literally had no idea this was happening because I've not seen a movie with either of these people. I think maybe ever. So explain, yeah. Okay, here's, here's the top line. It's a dispute between two Hollywood actors that's, you know, on every one of the tabloid magazines, et cetera. And effectively what I think has happened here, and the reason I think people are interested, interested in this is because she has made herself into the new Amber Heard and he is the new Johnny Depp. That's what's caught people's attention.


She had a round of negative publicity when this movie she did. It ends with us about domestic violence across from which she starred from Justin Bald who was the male actor lead and was also the director and producer of the movie. So they starred and it came out, she suffered through a round of somewhat negative press because as often happens when these stars drop a movie, people start digging around for other interviews of them, et cetera. And it was just sort of a course of, well, like she seems like kind of a jerk. Wow. She's like kind of a bully. She's rather mean and to people who are less powerful than she is, less well-known than she is. And so on. Let's not forget, she's married to Ryan Reynolds, who's one of the biggest stars in the world. He, his famed dwarfs. But the point is she's a part of a part of a power couple and whatever it kind of passed it, it was over, but like a lot of thin skinned Hollywood types, she couldn't stand the fact that it was still lingering in any way out there.


And she decided to file a, a complaint with a California human rights division. But that was really, I believe, and, and it is alleged by Justin's lawyers now just to set up so that she could give the New York Times cover to do a huge hit piece on him, an attempted rehab of her saying, oh, that wasn't an organic round of bad press. Really, it was Justin Bald and his PR team trying to hurt her. And the reason he allegedly did this is because she'd accused him during the filming of the movie of sexual harassment. So she's a me too victim, he's a villain. And all the negative press you saw about her was AstroTurf. Okay? That was her opening shot. Well, Justin Bald did a very smart thing and he hired Brian Friedman, my lawyer, who represented me in my fight with NBC.


And let me tell you, you could ask for no better. He knows how to fight and he, he will find where all your bodies are buried, you know, on the other side. And there are a lot of bodies for Blake Lively. So he's first filed a defamation lawsuit against the New York Times for their totally irresponsible report about this matter in which they made a mistake. So egregious mistakes, I mean, but intentional errors, you could argue about this a case that showed, for example, a text showing how Justin and his PR team were out to smear poor innocent Blake conspiring saying, look, I look at this article in the Daily Mail saying she's terrible and she's about to be canceled. And the other PR hack writes back, you're that good?


And the first PR hack writes, yeah, can you believe me? This is part of their evidence against the evil Justin team. And then Brian Friedman and his lawyer in, in his legal complaint against the Times shows you the whole text exchange, which the Times had we presume in which they use a sarcasm emoji. And the woman saying, I did it spec explicitly says, except I didn't do it. And they're lamenting that they, you know, they didn't do it, but everybody's going to think that they did do it, but they didn't. That's one piece of it. Now, in this lawsuit that he just filed, again, this is a second lawsuit by Brian Friedman on behalf of Justin. This is against Blake Brian Reynolds and their PR hack.


And what they're alleging is that they had nothing to do with that negative round of press that Blake suffered last summer, that it was organic, but that they did have internal PR meetings about what they might have to do because this woman, Leslie Sloan, who works for the Ryan and Blake was dropping hit piece after hit piece on Justin and that Blake had spent the entire prior year trying to rest control of this movie away from Justin Baldon. It was his film, he was the director, he's the producer, he is the one who found the book and got the idea for it. And she was such a brat that she wanted to control every scene, wanted to see all the dailies, wanted to do her own cut, and did her own cut of the movie.


All this is very unusual for just an actress in the film, even if she's the lead. And that she's now tried to turn this whole thing into a PR victory for her to, to get past what appears to be the fact that she is an egotistical bully. So what about the, the sexual harassment allegations? So when he first read those, I read that New York Times piece and the allegations, just the way the Times reported them seemed pretty bad. It was like, oh, he's showing her, one of the producers is showing her naked pictures of his wife. He's talking about pornography now, all, all that they, they walked in on her while she was breastfeeding, even though she'd said not to. But it turns out that on like any level of examination, a huge percentage of this seems to fall apart. Correct? Yes. So Brian Friedman in that first lawsuit against the Times produced the text messages and I've seen them all.


And it shows that, take the two that you alleged, the alleged pornography that they subjected Poor Blake Lively to, was by Justin's business partner who is a producer of the film from Wayfair, that's the name of their company, who she has a birth scene in the movie and he showed her a still shot from his wife's delivery of their child, which I've also seen, you can't see any R rated parts at all. It's actually a really lovely artistic photo of a husband with his arms around his wife in a bathtub and the baby on top of the wife. There's no va, there's nothing, right? It's like, it's not pornography by any stretch of the imagination.


But Poor Blake was subjected to this picture, which is just an example of how she loves to play the victim. And then the one about, oh, he burst on in on me un uninvited when I was breastfeeding my child that she says we should run lines together. He's like, anytime. And she's like, come on over, I'm breastfeeding the baby in the trailer, but come on over. So it's like it's written there, black and white, she invited him in and a lot of women are comfortable having someone around when they breastfeed. So it's not so weird, especially out in Hollywood for him to assume, yeah, I guess she's fine with this. 'cause she did let him in. Ryan Reynolds comes off terribly. He had them over to their penthouse in New York and Taylor Swift was believed to be there, according to this latest complaint.


Who's Blake Lively's? BFFs, BFF. And, and what they allege is that they blacked out a lot of names, but we think it's Taylor that the three of them sat there and they berated Justin for, you know, things that were going on in the set that they didn't like. They took control of the script. Blake, personally with Ryan's help rewrote scenes, again, not, not within the purview of an actress. And that after that they have text messages in which Blake tells Justin, this is in the latest lawsuit. You know, I know you've never watched Game of Thrones, but when you get around to watching it, you'll realize I'm Kaisei and these are my dragons, and I have the best dragons in the business.


Right? Ryan Reynolds and Taylor Swift. Now what they're alleging is that, let's face it, none of us has ever heard of Justin Baldoni before this whole thing. I mean, who the hell is he? I guess he's in some small thing I never saw, but that she's saying f with me and we'll crush you. My dragons and I, the biggest movie star, one of them in the planet, the biggest pop star in the planet. And I will hurt you unless I get my way. So her sexual, all allegations have fallen apart. And her, I was not really a bully, I was just targeted. Allegations have fallen apart and now he's going full Johnny Depp on her to show that she was the bully. She was the one harassing him.


And this guy who had, you know, comparatively very little power was forced now to come out and tell the truth about Blake Lively. So, I mean, this is all more fascinating than I thought it would be, to be honest with you. And, and I have to say that the, the blowback to Ryan Reynolds, I think is gonna be pretty severe because his whole image is this cool guy who's very easy to, to get along with friends with everybody, jokey, jokey. But if it turns out that he's standing sort of in the wings of the shadows ready to go after anybody who crosses Blake Lively's bizarre machinations that that's not a great look for him. No. And by the way, good look to Blake Lively in getting hired again because all of her diva antics are coming out and the way she behaves behind the scenes. And now this with the lawsuit and the the New York Times thing, 'cause she's now filed against him as well.


So it's, it's, it's a terrible move by her and them PR wise. But Ryan Reynolds, one of the things he allegedly exploded on Justin Baldon over was alleged fat shaming of Blake because I guess when she was shooting this movie, she was postpartum and she was trying to get back into shape. Well now they've produced the text messages, Baldon and team in this latest lawsuit against her saying, showing Justin being like, don't worry about any of that. We can shoot any scenes that require, you know, exposure toward the end of the movie when you know you feel better about things, this is the last thing you should have to worry about. I got you right. The, the alleged fat shaming that Ryan Reynolds went off on him over, that's all over her lawsuit that he's been excoriated for in the press.


The left wing press was when he went to the train, it was either his trainer or her trainer, or the trainer on the set and he asked how much Blake weighs and that it was like, how dare he, right? How dare turns out Justin Baldon, this has been documented, has serious disc issues and was actually in the hospital for like two months after this film wrapped because of his disc issues and was worried because he had to pick her up in a scene like, you know, officer in a gentleman style. And he was very concerned about his discs. He didn't wanna go to her and be like, Hey, how much do you weigh? 'cause no man wants to do that.


So he goes to the trainer to say, can you let me know? He didn't give two. He's, you see the text with him and Blake being like, please don't worry about this at all. I got you. It's just the picture they're painting of him is so gross. It's another amber Johnny situation in my opinion. Wow. That is a, that is a wild story and I appreciate you sharing all those details with me that I certainly would not have read on my own.


Megan Kelly, did I get you? You got me. You got me. I'm, I'm interested in this now, which is why you have to listen to the Megan Kelly show. Everybody go tune over to Megan Show. She has a great job with all the issues, including this one. Megan, really appreciate the time and congratulations on next week. Next week will be awesome. Inauguration week. You got big plans. Oh Wow. Congratulations to us All. Yeah. Really? Yeah. I can't wait. It's gonna be a big one and God bless. 'cause I think those executive orders we're gonna get before he even finishes the inaugural ceremony, are gonna have us celebrating, cheering, and then gonna start changing the country immediately. Your mouth to God's ears. Appreciate it Megan. Good to see you. See you my friend.


Alrighty, folks coming up, the Supreme Court has in fact upheld the ban on TikTok. If you're not a member, become member. Use Code Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.