
Got a ton coming up for you on today's show. It is a mega show today, president Trump throws Vladimir Zelensky, the leader of Ukraine outta the White House. After a nuclear meltdown of a press conference, the rest of the world reacts and we examine whether there is a new Trump doctrine or whether Zelenskyy simply blew it. Against to all that first tomorrow night, Daily Wire backstage returns live for President Donald Trump's address to Congress. We are covering it all. Do not miss the exclusive pre-show at eight 30 PM Eastern, followed by the full address completely uninterrupted. And when he is done, we're back with breakdown of what it all means. Watch with us tomorrow night at Daily Wire Plus. Okay, so before I get to the actual nuclear meltdown of a press conference, and we're gonna go through the whole press conference because I think that it is a disservice to all involved for us to simply focus on the moment where everything went out.


This is a long press conference. It was a nearly 50 minute press conference, and I wanna go through everything that led up to the press conference because it sort of explains where everybody is. President Trump, vice President Vance, Vladimir Zelensky, the president of Ukraine, and how we got to the nuclear meltdown. I want to remind you what a wise man wrote in October of 2022. Quote, Henry Kissinger has been publicly excoriated for suggesting that the off ramp to this conflict will be territorial concessions by Ukraine to Russia, a repeat of the Moscow Peace Treaty that was signed after the Soviet invasion of Finland in 1941. But he may be correct, particularly if the West is unwilling to bear the full economic and military cost of a larger war with Russia.


In the end, it may be that the least bad scenario is about simply preventing the worst case scenario. That wise man, of course, was yours. Truly, I have been arguing since mid 2022 that the off ramp in Ukraine involved territorial concessions to Russia, Don Bassa and Crimea in return for security guarantees that would ensure no renewal of Russian War in Ukraine. That has been the clear off ramp for legitimately almost three years at this point. And so my view when it comes to the war in Ukraine is whatever gets us to that durable off ramp is good, and whatever gets in the way of that durable off ramp is bad. That's all. By the way, that also happens to be the policy of the Trump administration, which is seeking an off ramp that would in fact not allow Vladimir Putin to waltz Kyiv, but also acknowledges that the likelihood of Ukraine winning back Toba and Crimea is basically zero and has been since 2014.


So that was the predicate to the big meeting that was supposed to happen on Friday. So on Friday, president of Ukraine of Vladimir Zelensky was supposed to arrive in the United States and go to the White House, and he was supposed to sign a minerals deal. Now, there was an immediate conflict between what both parties wanted from this President Trump. He wanted the, the minerals deal because number one, he believes that the United States ought to be repaid for its investment in other countries. This has been a longstanding belief of President Trump's that when we get involved in foreign policy, there ought to be sort of a clear return to the United States. Whether we're talking about defending Kuwait from Saddam Hussein, or whether we're talking about paying to defend Ukraine from Russia, there should be some sort of return to the American taxpayer. Otherwise, in President Trump's beliefs, we are getting screwed.


Okay? That that has been a longstanding Trumpian position. But there is something else going on here, and this is made clear. During the press conference, president Trump always saw the economic minerals deal as a sort of foot in the door to prevent a Russian invasion. Because if the United States has workers in Ukraine who are, for example, mining raw rare earth's minerals, and then the Russians invade the United States is immediately dragged in. And President Trump is not wrong about this. In fact, for centuries, this has been a western way of, of making war, is that if there is in fact say the British East India company that gets involved in trade in a far-flung place, and then they're attacked by the local government, that does actually dredge up the problem of perhaps the British Empire getting directly militarily involved.


And so you don't wanna screw with the British East India company. That is almost how President Trump is seeing the rare earth's minerals deal. That, that that is, that is what he's doing right there. Meanwhile, Zelensky is saying, I can't go back to my people and say that I signed a, a minerals deal or anything else without security guarantees. If the final settlement does not involve actual explicit security guarantees, I can't actually go back to my people with that. Which by the way, is one of the reasons I've also been suggesting for years that the United States might have to go over zelensky, he's head in order to negotiate the end of this war and then cram it down on him. They might have to, the United States might have to go to Russia and say, listen, we know the outline of the deal. You may not like it. We may not like it. Zelensky may not like it, but again, outline of the deal, Don Bestin Crimea remain in Russian hands.


There are in fact security guarantees to the Ukrainians, and that's the best it's going to get. Okay? So entering this meeting, all President Trump wanted was a grip and grin. All he wanted was for Zelensky to show up, and Trump would shake his hand and there would be a sort of implicit understanding that almost became explicit during this meeting that the rare Earth Minerals deal was a sort of trigger force for the United States providing security guarantees. And Trump comes very close to saying that several times in the actual meeting, Zelensky comes in with another agenda. And as you'll see, it's probably because he was prepped by Democrats. Apparently. He, he comes in and he wants President Trump in the room to say that he's going to give a security guarantee a thing that President Trump does not want to do because again, from, from President Trump's perspective, the United States should not have to provide that security guarantee.


Basically, Europe should have to provide that security guarantee. So that is the setup right here. Now, beyond that, there's personal dislike between these two leaders. So Vladimir Zelensky does not like President Trump. He's angry at President Trump. He believes that President Trump and Vice President Vance do not like him, that they've said nasty things about him, which is true that they have said things that are untrue about the Ukraine, Russia war in terms of casting moral aspersions, that Ukraine that are unearned while going easy on Vladimir Putin, there's a case to be made that that's true as well. That Trump Vance case is, Zelensky is being intransigent because he wants my moral condemnation. But moral condemnation don't get the job done. The thing that gets the job done is whatever gets us to that off-ramp. So if that means that we have to sort of massage Putin in public relations in order to get him to the table, then we'll do that.


Right? That is another one of these conflicts that's happening. And by the way, Vladimir Zelensky, people forget this because of course he has been a very famous world leader since the outbreak of the 2022 War. Zelensky was an actor, he's an egomaniac. Zelensky likes being on camera. He made his money on camera. There's all sorts of footage of him wandering around the internet when he was a comedian doing bizarre things, body humor kind of stuff. That's who Zelensky is. So he's quite performative, like very performative. And guess what? So is President Trump. And so as it turns out is Vice President Vance. Okay? So that's the setup, okay? The powder peg, powder keg is right there. Now, it didn't have to go sideways, it didn't, Zelensky could have come in, could have done the gripping grin, could have gotten the win, could have walked out, and that would've been enough.


But Zelensky really blows it. I mean, he really, really blows it Here, I will say of the three people in the room, the adult in the room is Trump, by far. It's not close. Zelensky comes in, he's very aggressive. He is in fact rude to President Trump. He's a little rude to JD Vance, JD Vance. I do not think Acquits himself well in this particular exchange. I know there are people on the right who think that that JD Vance handled himself beautifully here. I think that JD Vance actually threw a couple of hand grenades into the middle of the conversation because there may in fact be some foreign policy differences between Vance's view of the United States in the world and Trump's view of the United States in the world that may be emerging. It's kinda an interesting conversation.


We'll, we'll save for a little later in the show. What are the ramifications of all of this? Which direction does the world go after this blowup of meeting? Okay, now I wanna get into the actual meeting. So as you can see, the interpersonal dynamics are already set from the very beginning for things to be pretty contentious. When Vladimir Zelensky shows up at the White House, he is wearing a sort of military jumpsuit. And now this has been a sort of bugaboo for many people on the right, for a long time. As Zelensky wears. What, what Trump has called a costume. Why does he wear a suit now? Would it have behooved zelensky to wear a suit for Trump? Absolutely. What's the downside? I understand that Zelensky is trying to keep his country's spirits up, but it seems to me that if he had shown up in a suit, had a great meeting with Trump and walked out, that would've been a pretty good boost for the Ukrainian soldiers on the front lines.


Is it really more important that he shows up in the jumpsuit as some sort of, you know, slap in the face at Trump? Again, this setup leads one, to believe that one of the things that Zelensky is doing here is he's recognizing tacitly that the United States is out of the Ukraine business. And what he's actually trying to do, perhaps strategically, is blow up the meeting in order to get the EU to, to step in and try and provide some sort of aid that the United States is unwilling to provide. If that's the case, then Zelensky actually got something that he wanted out of this whole situation. But you can see right from the get go, there's some antagonism right at the outset, Dressed, ready, pretty shut. He's all dressed up today. Okay? He says he's all dressed up today, right?


And, and Zelensky can see is a little bit ticked off by this. Obviously they're huge size differential. Zelensky is not a big man, and Trump is a very large human being. Okay? Then they finally sit down in and, and they are, and they have this conversation. So we're, again, we're gonna go through this in detail because this is, I think, one of the most fascinating and probably historic conversations we have ever seen publicly between a president of the United States and a and a foreign leader. And we should recognize that conversations like this have wide ranging ramifications in terms of future policy. For example, the Iraq War was largely begun, the original Iraq war, the Gulf War might have started because of a stray comment from a low level State Department staffer who sort of implied that if Saddam Hussein had walked into Kuwait, the United States might not actually do anything about it, right?


So that her name was April Glassby. And the State Department had told Saddam Hussein that Washington had no special defense or security commitments to Kuwait. And at that point, Saddam took that seriously and he walked into Kuwait. Okay? So stray comments, certainly big blow ups like this can have some pretty radical ramifications for how foreign policy is conducted in the same way that the Russian invasion of Ukraine probably has to do what the United States pulling out of Afghanistan, ignominiously in disgrace. In the same way comments that are made on the public stage can have extraordinarily powerful ramifications for the future of foreign policy. That's why we're gonna go through this in such detail. All of us could have pretty radical ramifications for Ukraine, for the United States as well.


We'll get into that first.


This country was founded on freedom. Freedom from a country that forced us to buy their overpriced tea and then tried blockading us when we dumped their tea into the ocean. How'd that work out for you? Great Britain? Well, it's time to throw your overpriced big wireless contract overboard as well. You don't need to pay a hundred bucks a month just to get a free phone. PureTalk, my cell phone company says no. To inflated prices with a qualifying plan, you can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for $0. And yes, this is for premium service on America's most dependable 5G network. Get your iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy for $0 with a qualifying plan by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. You can make the switch in as little as 10 minutes, no hassle, no gimmicks, just honest to goodness, wireless priced right. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro To claim your new iPhone or Galaxy with qualifying purchase from PureTalk America's wireless company. Visit PureTalk dot com slash shapiro for details. I've been using PureTalk myself for years at this point. All my business phone calls are via PureTalk. They are great. You can do the same excellent coverage, better price PureTalk dot com slash shapiro and claim that new iPhone or Galaxy with qualifying purchase.


Also, the IRS is ramping up its enforcement efforts in 2025 with April 15th, approaching time is now running out. If you're facing back taxes or unfiled returns, delaying action only compounds the problem. Everyday way makes your tax situation more difficult to resolve. Do not let another tax deadline pass you by while taking immediate action is crucial. Attempting to deal with the IRS alone could be a costly mistake. And this is where tax network USA's expertise becomes invaluable. What sets them apart? Well, unlike other tax resolution firms tax network, USA maintains privileged access to the IRS through their preferred direct channels. This means they know exactly which agents can help resolve your case effectively. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 10 million bucks, their team of attorneys and negotiators bring proven strategies to settle your tax issues favorably. With over $1 billion in tax debt already resolved, they have the experience and expertise to handle your situation. Talk with one of their strategists today, it's free. Stop the threatening letters, stop looking over your shoulder. Protect yourself from property, seizures, and bank levees. Do not let the IRS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit TN usa.com/shapiro. April 15th is just around the corner. Act now before the IRS act first.


So when this starts, president Trump is actually quite warmed up to Vladimir Zelensky here he was. He's right at the outset. Thank you very much. It's an honor to have President Zelensky of Ukraine and we've been working very hard, very close. So we've actually known each other for a long time. We've been dealing with each other for a long time, and very well. We had little negotiation spat, but that worked out great, I think for, for both countries, I think for the world actually, beyond both countries. And we have something that is a, a very fair deal and we look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging and working and getting some of the rare earth.


But it means we're gonna be inside. And it's, it's a big commitment from the United States and we appreciate working with you very much. And we will continue to do that. We have had some very good discussions with Russia. I spoke with President Putin, and we're gonna try and bring this to a close. It's something that you want and that he wants. We have to negotiate a deal. But we've started the confines of a deal and I think something can happen. So you can see from zelensky body language, he's immediately on his guard, right? He's already very nervous. He, he's, he's clearly not liking what he's hearing from Trump. But what Trump is saying here is extremely good for Zelensky, right?


Zelensky came in oriented against Trump from the beginning. And you can see what Trump is saying here is he's looking for some sort of win, right? That's all he says. Right from the beginning. We had a negotiation spa and that worked out great and we're looking forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging, working, getting some of the rare earth. But it means we're gonna be inside. And it's big commitment from the United States. What is he saying there? What President Trump is saying there is, we look forward to getting boots on the ground, digging things. And once we're there, it's sort of a tacit security guarantee. Now, Zelensky comes out, firing Zelensky comes out and he's like, I want a security guarantee in the room. Okay? Which again, you, you understand why he wants it. He's the president of Ukraine. He does not want another negotiation that ends within two years, the Russians coming back in.


However, these are negotiations that you save for the back room. This is not stuff that you do in the front room. Why is he negotiating in the room with President Trump isn't rejecting a security guarantee outright here? Trump has said nothing about a security guarantee it Zelensky who starts pushing him right out the gate. Thank you so much, Mr. President, thank you for invitation. And really, I hope that this document, first document will be first step to real security guarantees for Ukraine. Our people, our children are really count on it. And of course, we count that America will not stop. Support really, for us is very important to support and to continue it. I want to discuss it with details for them during our conversation, and of course the infrastructure or security guarantees.


'cause for today, I understand what Europe is ready to do. And of course, I want to discuss with you what United States will be ready to do. And I really count on your strong position to stop Putin. And, and you said that enough with the war. I think that is very important, Ben, to say these wars to put in at the very beginning, at the very beginning war, because he's a killer and terrorist. But I hope that together we can stop him. But for us, it's very important to, you know, to save our country, our values, our freedom and democracy. And of course, no compromises with the killer about our territories, but it'll be later.


Okay? Now here's the thing. Trump could blow up him at this point, but you're two minutes deep into the meeting. So what does Trump do? But like an adult president Trump sits there, he listens to Zelensky and he doesn't blow it up. He understands what Zelensky is saying. Zelensky is saying, I don't wanna make any compromises. Putin's a killer. I want security guarantees. I wanna work the Europeans into this. Or he's having a negotiation in the room in front of the press. So Zelensky is the one who starts this whole thing. And for 40 minutes, Trump allows him to do it. Why? Because that's what an adult does when an adult does, is he says, listen, I understand that you're, you got a rant for the cameras, you gotta do your thing for the camera. I get it. I totally get it. And in the back room, we're gonna negotiate what this actually looks like and, and listen to how, listen to how sober President Trump is here. I mean, it is an amazing thing.


Now for, for the guy who's supposed to be the one flying off the handle in this meeting, it is not Trump who flies off the handle. It is Zelensky and then Vance who flies off the handle. So here is President Trump. I think once we make the agreement, that's gonna be 95% of it, it's, they're not gonna go back to fighting. I've spoken with President Putin, and I think, I mean, I feel very strong. I've known him for a long time, and I feel very strongly that they're very serious about it. And we'll make a deal. And when the deal is made, I don't think we talk about security. Everyone's talking about the other day, all they talked about was security. I said, let, let me make the deal first. I have to make the deal first. Okay? So what is he saying again?


He's saying the same thing when it comes to the economy. He's gonna make the deal first, and that is going to be the lever that allows for security guarantees, right? That, that is what he's saying. Okay? This continues, this clip five. So a reporter asks Zelensky if he feels like the United States is on the side of Ukraine at the moment, and President Trump's like, what are you even asking that for? I mean, clearly we are, I'm here with him. I'm signing a rare earth's minerals agreement with him. Like right now, Do you feel like the US is on your side, the, the president, the president Trump is on your side at this, at this moment.


What do you think He wants to know? Do you think? That sort of a stupid question. I guess, I guess we wouldn't be here if I wasn't given, but I think that, I think that the United States on our side from the very beginning of occupation, and I think that President Trump on our side, and, and of course, and not who I'm sure that United States president will not stop support. This is crucial for us. Okay? So again, that zelensky pushing. So Trump says, of course in mind, decide what we're gonna sign an agreement all Trump wants from this meeting is to get outta there with the rare earth minerals deal that is going to provide the lever for a broader American commitment or tacit American commitment to the security of Ukraine.


That's what this is. And Zelensky keeps pushing because he feels like publicly he needs to push. I don't know if he thought that he was gonna get Trump to cave in the room or something, or if this is all virtue signaling for the cameras, or if he feels he needs to say this for his own people at home. Or if this was all a, a sort of design to blow up the meeting in order to get the Europeans to step in. I'm not sure what Zelensky strategy here was. All I know it's a very, very bad strategy. So President Trump, again, being very sober about all of this and for to talk about how Trump was the one who, who, who was combative in this. He really was not. For 40 minutes, he sat there. Well, Zelensky effectively attempted to negotiate a deal in the room. And here's President Trump talking about compromise. I think you're gonna have to always make compromises.


You can't do any deals without compromises. So certainly he's gonna have to make some compromises, but hopefully they won't be as big as some people think you're going to have to make. That's all, it's all we can do. I'm here as a, as an arbitrator, as a mediator to a certain extent between two parties that have been very hostile. Now you can see a fundamental difference between Trump and Zelensky here. Zelensky thinks that the United States is full fledged on the side of Ukraine in terms of this negotiation, meaning they should, like Biden just pour into aid without any sort of end, without any sort of designs to end the war. And Trump says, listen, I gotta broker a deal. I want the deal. Now we'll talk about the ramifications of the meeting and how, actually, one of the things that the Trump administration might think about doing and President Trump had said during that campaign pretty clearly is state of Vladimir Putin, listen, we want a deal.


You know, we want a deal. We've been very obvious about how we want a deal. I've been giving you all sorts of props in public. If you don't make a deal, then we're gonna ratchet up support because we can't just let you win by default. Right? But that's not actually the approach that Trump is taking, and that's arguable. But again, in the meeting so far, Trump is the person who's being mature and Zelensky is the person, as I say, over and over again, you can hear him being combative. This is for 40 minutes. You know, one of these sort of hot moments happened when one of the reporters is a guy from One America News Network. I believe this reporter happens to be dating Marjorie Taylor Green, the congresswoman from Georgia, and asks Zelensky about wearing a suit. Do you ever, why don't you wear a suit?


Why Don't you wear a suit? You're the highest level in this country's office and you refuse to wear a suit, just want you own a suit. You problems. I I, a lot of Americans have problems with not Respect office, really? I don't have such office. I will wear a costume after this war will finish. Okay? Yes. Maybe one. Maybe something like this. Maybe something like yours. Yes, that'd be great. Maybe some, something better. I don't, I don't know. We'll see. Maybe something cheaper than, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Well, there was a sartorial spat inside the Oval Office and you know, it's kind of fun to cover that sort of stuff. But there are other things I love about working in the news industry as well.


Every day I get to connect with millions of listeners, share breaking stories, and work with incredible talent who are just as passionate about politics as I am. If you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who love it the way that you do. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all your roles? ZipRecruiter, right now you can try it for free@ziprecruiter.com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site employers prefer most based on G two and their powerful matching technology. Works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or waste money. Hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the very first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address and try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. ZipRecruiter is indeed the smartest way to hire. Go check them out right now. ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. There's a reason we've been using it here at Daily Wire for years. Ourselves ziprecruiter.com/ Daily Wire.


Also, lemme tell you something, I never realized how bad my old mattress was until I got the Helix mattress. You know the feeling where you wake up and your back is hurting? Well, that was me a lot. Don't even get me started on the old mattress, turning into a heat trap at night. Since switching on over to Helix, I wake up feeling ready to take on my busiest days in the craziest headlines. And here's what makes Helix different. They don't believe in one size fits all sleep solutions. Instead, they use their sleep quiz to match you with a custom mattress based on your body type and sleep preferences. Whether you sleep hot, you need extra support for your back, or you share your bed with a restless partner, Helix has a perfect match for you. There's tons of great options. My option, a firmer mattress, breathable, that's what I needed. I'm sleeping better. You can do the same. Right now, Helix is offering an incredible March madness deal. Visit Helix sleep.com/ben and get 20% offsite wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ben for 20% offsite wide. Again, just visit Helix sleep.com/ben for this exclusive offer. It's Helix sleep.com/ben, get 20% off, start sleeping better today. Stop going to those big mattress stores and just lying down on the mattress. And then buying whatever you know you've laid on for, for five minutes. Instead, go to Helix sleep.com/ben, get a mattress made just for you.


Okay, now back to sort of the real issue of the day. President Trump is asked about security agreements. And again, he's saying the thing over and over. He's basically offering Zelensky and off ramp. Like, here's the rare earth mineral deal, let's sign it. We're on side. That that is the, that is the way we get involved. Here he is. I don't want to talk about security yet because I wanna get the deal done. You know, you fall into the same trap like everybody else a million times, you said over and over, I wanna get the deal done. Security is so easy. That's about 2% of the problem. I'm not worried about security, I'm worried about getting the deal done. The security is the easy part. Security is very nice. Everybody stops shooting. And now will Europe put people there? I know France is going to, I know the UK is going to, I know other countries are going to, and they happen to be right next door.


We haven't committed, but we could conceivably, you know, we have security in a different form. Okay? He's right there giving Zelensky what he wants. This is where Zelensky should say, okay, great, Mr. President, we'll talk about this pie ENC closed doors. And he doesn't, right? Trump said these words, quote, we haven't committed, but we could conceivably, you know, we have security in a different form. He's giving Zelensky what he wants. He's giving him the excuse. But Zelensky can't take the W, he can't take the W. So Zelensky keeps pushing. Yeah. So please about security guarantees and about just his fire. We can't just speak about his fire and speak and speak. It'll not work justice.


Why will not never work? Because I'm like a president. I have, I have this experience. And not only me, Ukraine, before, before my presidency from the 2014, Putin broken 25 times. 25 times he broke his own signature 25 times he broken his fire. Okay? So again, you can see Zelensky is is saying that Putin can't be trusted. This is why we need secure. And again, I don't think that Zelensky is wrong about this per se, but why is he negotiating all of this in? He's not gonna get what he wants in the room. And so President Trump is asked about nato. And again, I think one of the things that the people want to attribute to Trump is that he wants to rewrite all the bargains of the, of the world.


And there are people inside the Republican party who clearly wanna do this, okay? But I'm not sure that that is what President Trump wants. There's been a lot of talk about Trump, for example, pulling out of nato, some loose talk. Elon Musk suggested that over the weekend be a, I think a terrible move. There's been a lot of talk about President Trump basically ripping up the idea that America guarantees the freedom of the seas and sort of conceding the far East to China and all the rest of this kind of stuff. And we'll get into that in a little bit. But here's President Trump projecting that outright. He's asked about nato, he's asked about Poland, he's asked about the Baltics, and here's what he says. I'm very committed to Poland. I think Poland has really stepped up and done a great job for nato. They, as you know, they paid more than they had to. They are one of the finest groups of people I've ever known.


I'm very committed to Poland. What about Baltics? Poland's in a tough neighborhood. You know, what about Baltic? The Baltics, The Baltics, they got a lot of it. It's a tough neighborhood too. But we're committed. We're gonna be very committed and we're committed to nato. But NATO has to step up and the Europeans have to step up more than they have. And I wanna see them equalize because they are in for far less than we're in. And they should be at least equal. Okay? So again, this is President Trump actually saying the piece through strength thing, right? We want to be in nato, everybody's gotta pay their pay up, pay, pay their fair share. Nothing here is radical. Nothing here is particularly polarizing in what President Trump is saying.


Okay? And then Zelensky, he continues to push. This is the theme. The theme is that for the first 40 minutes, as Zelensky pushes and Trump is pretty passive, Trump does not push back too hard. Here's Zelensky talking about Russia's intentions on the Baltics, on on Poland. And by the way, he's not wrong that Russia obviously is revist, that that Russia would love to split apart NATO by invading, say LA via Lithuania Estonia if NATO weren't there, okay? But Trump just committed to a continued NATO funding in in those places. Here's Zelensky. And also it's about the need. Yes, between, like the President said, you have big nice ocean, yes, between us, but if we will not stay, Russia will go further to Baltics and to Poland by the way.


But first to the Baltics, it's understandable for them because they've been, they've been in the USSR, you know, they, they've been one of the republics of the USSR. And Putin wants to bring them back to his empire. It's a fact. And when he will go there, if we will not stay, you'll fight your American soldiers. It doesn't matter. Do you have ocean or not? Your soldiers will fight. Okay? Now, president Trump could fire back on him right here. He could say, well, that's not true. You know, why would American soldiers have to fight in the Baltics? He doesn't fight back on this because President Trump is actually not talking about surrendering all of Eastern Europe to Vladimir Putin. Like all of his critics claim that he is.


And then Trump is asked about why he has not said mean words about Putin. And this is Trump's perspective. If I say mean words about Putin, does that get us to a deal? Or does it get us to a deal? Here's President Trump. Well, if it didn't align myself with both of them, you'd never have a deal. You want me to say really terrible things about Putin and then say, hi Vladimir, how are we doing on the deal? It doesn't work that way. I'm not aligned with Putin. I'm not aligned with anybody. I'm aligned with the United States of America and for the good of the world, I'm aligned with the world and I wanna get this thing over with. You see the hatred he's got for Putin, it's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hate.


He's got tremendous hatred and I understand that. But I can tell you the other side isn't exactly in love with, you know him either. So it's not a question of alignment Again, Trump is just saying, I wanna get to a deal. Right? Okay. Now the meeting could have ended anytime in here. Here's where it started to go sideways, like really sideways. And again, it's very tense. You can see the tension Zelensky, iss tense. He's leaning toward Trump, almost aggressively throughout this meeting. Trump is kind of sitting back, kind of taking it like an adult. And the adult in the room was Trump in this meeting. He, it just that, that is the reality. Okay? So it, JD Vance jumps in. So JD hasn't said anything this entire time.


And the vice president of the United States is sitting there. Now, in my belief, the vice presidents of the United States should have been attempting to facilitate the end of this meeting. Okay? Everything that needs to be said has now been said. He should have. And, and Trump should have, and everybody should. And Zelensky should, it would've been everybody's interest to say, okay guys, now we, we've taken 45 minutes of questions, we're gonna go in the back room, we're gonna talk, and then we're gonna do a signing ceremony, right? So here's what happens. Vance decides he needs to jump in and he needs to defend President Trump. And again, I know this is Vice President Vance's sort of typical role as Bulldog for Trump. I get it, that's fine. But it does set off a conflagration. So here is Vance.


And again, what, what, what he says right here I is not particularly controversial, but Zelensky decides that he's going to go after Vance. Now the reality is that whatever relationships Zelensky has with Trump, his relationship with Vance is terrible. His relationship with Vance is terrible. 'cause Vance has openly said he does not care if Russia just eats up. Ukraine just doesn't care because Vance associates with a number of public figures who say some of the wildest things about Ukraine, it is possible to say, and some of the most pro potent things that is possible to say. And, and I'm sure Zelensky knows this, and so Zelensky takes offense, I think at the fact that he's even in the room with Vance. That's Zelensky fault. It is. But Vance then escalates. So you'll see we're gonna break this down.


Okay? This is the critical clip from the meeting. It's several minutes. We're going to stop and start it so we can analyze what exactly happens here. Here is Vice President Vance jumping into defend President Trump over the accusation that somehow because he wants to negotiate an end to the war, that this makes him pro Putin. I, I wanna respond to this. So look, for four years in the United States of America, we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin. And then Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country. The path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy. We tried the pathway of Joe Biden, of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States' words mattered more than the President of the United States' actions.


What makes America a good country? Is America engaging in diplomacy. That's what President Trump is doing. Can I Ask you, okay, stop it right there for a second. Okay, so, so what Vance says there is totally inarguable, okay? The vice president, he, he doesn't think he's about to get into a fight with, with Zelensky. Zelensky jumps in and starts fighting with Vance again. There's some people who think that Vance set up. I don't think that's right. If you hear what Vice President Vance says right there, not only does he rip on Biden, but he literally says the words Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country. Now there's been controversy for two weeks over whether this administration is willing to admit that Putin started the war. That is Vance himself saying that Putin invaded the country and destroyed a large chunk of it.


Okay? So this is not Vance attempting to start a firefight. Zelensky jumps in and starts arguing with Vans and I, I'm not sure what was going through Zelensky. He's head right here. Honestly, it could be that he was planning some sort of conflagration to get European support. Again, it could be that he's trying to signal to the folks back home. It could be he just doesn't like JD Vance. Okay? But this thing breaks into like a wild nuclear meltdown here, here is Zelensky going after vans. Sure, yeah, yeah. Okay. So he occupied it, our parts, big parts of Ukraine, parts of East and Crimea. So he occupied it on 2014.


So during a lot of years, I'm not speaking about just Biden, but those time was Obama, then President Obama, then President Trump, then President Biden. Now the President Trump and God bless now President Trump will stop him. But during 2014, nobody stopped him. He just occupied and took, he killed people. You know what the contact line? 20 15, 20 14. 20 14, 20. No, 2014. Yeah. Yeah. So he killed was I was not here. Yeah, but that's exactly right. Yes. But during 2014 till 2022, yeah. The, was the situation the same that people are been dying on the contact line.


Nobody stopped him. You know that we had conversations with him, a lot of conversation, my bilateral conversation and we signed with him, me, like a new president in 2019. I signed with him the deal. I signed with him Macron and Merkel. We signed Ceasefire. Ceasefire. All of them told me that he will never go. We signed him. Guest contract. Guest contract, yes. But after that he broken the ceasefire. He killed our people and he didn't exchange prisoners. We signed the exchange of prisons, but he didn't do it.


What kind of diplomacy jd, you are speaking about. What? What do you, what do you, what do you mean? I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy. You can pause it right here. Okay. So you'll hear Vance's response. So Vance's first sentence in response to Zelensky is the correct response. And that should been the end of the meeting. You should have said, you know, president Zelensky, I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that will actually end this war properly. We're gonna have these discussions behind closed door. Instead, vice President Vance takes the opportunity to throw two grenades. One is directed at President Trump and one is directed at Zelensky. The one that is clearly directed at President Trump is that he mentions, as you will see, Zelensky going to Pennsylvania in the final days of the campaign and walking around Pennsylvania with Josh Shapiro.


That is clearly directed at Trump. Okay? The reason he's mentioning that is to piss Trump off because that is like a red flag in front of a bull. If you mention that Zelensky, which again was an idiot move, a foolish move. I commented on the time that Zelensky went to Pennsylvania and campaigned with Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, who was campaigning for Kamala Harris in the LA in the last stages of the campaign. If you mention that in front of Trump, Trump is going to get enraged. He's also gonna get enraged because Vance says out loud what Trump has probably been thinking, Trump's like, I've been contained this whole time. And Vance says, you're being really, really disrespectful, okay? If you say to Trump, this man is being disrespectful and loved Joe Biden, that is like a red flag in front of a bull. Meanwhile, he then says to zelensky a thing that no leader can sit there and hear, which is you're losing the war.


You're having to forcibly conscript people, right? Which is an accusation about, you know, the inhumanity of the Ukrainian regime that frankly Vance didn't use with regards to say Vladimir Putin, who has kidnapped apparently tens of thousands of Ukrainian children and then taken them back to Russia for ification and all of this. So you can hear this, this is, this is the part. So Zelensky started it and then JD just pours the fuel on the fire, like really pours the fuel on the fire. Here we go. I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes, But if you are not Strong, Mr. Mr. President with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems.


You should be thanking the president for bring it into this conflict. Have You ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have? I have been to, yeah, Come once. I have actually, I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour. Mr. President are, do you disagree that you've had problems? What? Bringing people into your military, we have. And do you think that it's respectful? I'll Answer to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to, trying to prevent the destruction of your country. A lot of, a lot of questions. Let's start from the beginning. Sure. First of all, during the war, everybody has problems, even you. But you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you will feel it in the future.


God bless You. You don't know that. God bless, God bless. You'll not have the war. Don't tell us what we're gonna feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we are gonna feel. I'm not Telling you I'm Not. You're not position to dictate that's, remember this, I'm not. You're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel you. We are gonna feel very good. You'll feel influenced. We are gonna feel very good and very strong telling. You'll feel influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad from position from, and it happens to be right bad from The very beginning of the war. You're Not in a good position. I was. You don't have the cards right now with us. You start having cards. I'm not playing cards right now. You don't. You're playing cards. I'm serious, Mr.


I'm serious. You're gambling with the lives of millions of people. You think you are gambling with World War iii. What you speaking about, you're gambling with World War iii and what you're doing is very disre disrespectful to the country, this country. I'm with no respect to your country. Far more than a lot of people said I respect should have have You said thank you once? A lot of times, no. In This Today you said thank you. Even today you Went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America, about, and the president who's trying to save your country. Please, you think that if you will speak very loudly about the war, you can.


He's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly. Your country's in big trouble. Can I ask? No, no. You've done a lot of talking. Your country is in big trouble. I know you're not winning. I know you're not winning this. I you have a damn good chance of coming out. Okay, because of us, Mr. President, we are staying in our country staying strong from the very beginning of the war. We've been alone and we are thankful. I said thanks. You haven't been alone in this cabinet. Been in this Cabinet. We gave you through the said stupid president, $350 billion. You voted for your president. We military equipment. You and you men are brave, but they had to use our military. What if you didn't have our military equipment you invited me to and you didn't have our military equipment.


This war would've been over in two weeks In three days. I heard it from Putin in three days. This is something maybe less in two weeks. Of course, Yes. It's gonna be a very hard thing to do business like this. I tell you, just Say thank you. I said a lot of time thank except that there, except to American people, except That there are disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media. When you're wrong, we know that you're Wrong. But you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on out here. I think it's very important. That's why I kept this going so long. You have to be thankful you don't have the cards. I'm thankful you're buried there. You, your people are dying. I can't tell you you're running low on soldiers.


Listen, don't don't place. You're running low on soldiers. It would be a damn good thing. And then you then you tell us, I don't want a ceasefire. I don't want a ceasefire. I want to go and I wanted this. I look if you could get a ceasefire right now, I'd tell you you'd take it. So the bullets stop flying and you meant stop getting killed. Of course, of course we want to stop the war. But I said, but you're saying you don't want a ceasefire. But I said to you, I want a ceasefire with guarantees because you'll get a ceasefire faster than a degree. Ask. Okay? So Zelensky is so obviously spoiling for a fight. He's so obviously spoiling for a fight and JD pushes back on him in a way that is designed to blow up the entire thing. The people who wanted the fight in this meeting are zelensky on the one side who clearly was spoiling for a fight from pretty much the first moment.


And then jd, when he gets his chance, the vice president of the United States, when he gets his chance, he immediately throws two grenades again, one designed to piss off Trump and one designed to piss off Zelensky and Zelensky who's been spoiling for a fight the whole time, jumps on that grenade with his chest, I mean, jumps on that grenade. And then he gets into a fight, fight with Trump in the Oval Office and then Trump. Predictably the fallout is that President Trump says, well we don't, you know, get out. Trump throws him outta the Oval Office and then he releases a statement on truth social quote. We had a very meaningful meeting in the White House today. Much was Lauren that could never be understood without conversation under such fire and pressure. It's amazing what comes out through a motion. I've determined that President Zelensky is not ready for peace if America is involved because he feels our involvement gives him a big advantage in negotiation.


I don't want advantage, I want peace. He disrespected the United States of America and his cherish Strobel office. He can come back when he is ready for peace. Okay, so what is the actual impact of all of that? Now again, the reality is that the end of the war, as I say from the very beginning, the end of the war is Russia ends up with control of Donbass and Crimea. Security guarantees are issued by Europe. There's some tacit American support of those security guarantees. In all likelihood, whatever accelerates the process toward that is good. Whatever decelerates the progress toward that is bad. Did this whole tete accelerate the progress toward that? So many things can be true at once. One, I think Trump was the adult in the room pretty much his entire time. Two Zelensky came in spoiling for a fight and as we'll examine in just a moment, that's probably because he was talking with many of the wrong people in the United States and also possibly because he's strategizing for European support.


Three Vice President Vance definitely escalated this. You can hear it in the exchange. It is Zelensky who's pushing Trump and Vance, but it is Vance who decides to get incredibly personal and, and I think that that may have something to do with Vance's own views on foreign policy. Which again, I don't know how well those match up with President Trump's generalized worldview on foreign policy. Even if they cross over with regards to their perspectives on Zelensky, Zelensky then made the war. Again. This is either brutal incompetence by Zelensky or an attempt to essentially drive support for Ukraine from the Europeans via hatred of Trump. It may be that could easily be that. So Zelensky goes on, B Brett bear that same evening and here is Zelensky over and over and over refusing to apologize to the President.


So I'm not hearing from you, Mr. President, a thought that you owe the president an apology. No, I respect president and I respect American people. And if, I don't know if I, I think that we have to be very open and very honest and I'm not sure that we did something bad. I think maybe sometimes some, some, some things we have to discuss out of out of media. Okay, so did any of this like change the underlying dynamics of the deal? Maybe not, but the perceptions from other players say Russia and China are going to matter. So Russia put out a statement saying that the United States' sudden shift in foreign policy largely aligns with its own position.


Kremlin spokesman, Dimitri Pesco said quote, the new administration is rapidly changing all foreign policy configurations. This largely aligns with our vision. There's a long way to go because a lot of damage has been done to the whole complex of bilateral relations. But if the political will of the two leaders, president Putin and President Trump is maintained this path could be quick and successful. And of course they then insulted Vladimir Zelensky throughout all of this. So one of the big questions that we're gonna have to answer here is whether this meeting is symptomatic of a broader American foreign policy shift, or whether it is reflective of bad political calculations by Vladimir Zelensky. Whether it is reflective of specific designs in Ukraine but doesn't have implications for say, NATO or the far East.


That is the big question that comes out of all of this. And we'll get to that in just one moment. First, tomorrow night, folks, nine PM Eastern President Donald Trump addresses Congress a moment. This big demands coverage like never before. That's exactly what we are bringing you for the first time ever, Matt Walsh and I will be live from DC at the President's speech as history unfolds. It all starts with our exclusive pre-show at eight 30 PM Eastern on Daily Wire Plus setting the stage for President Trump's address. Then watch Trump's speech with us live as we bring you the kind of real time analysis you won't get anywhere else. And don't go anywhere after it's backstage live, breaking down every major moment in real time. This is the coverage you won't find on legacy media. Watch it all exclusively at Daily Wire Plus. Okay, so the Republican reaction to this was to condemn Zelensky quite proper to Lindsey Graham.


There's no bigger backer in Congress of the Ukraine involvement by the Americans. Then Senator Lindsey Graham, he said that Zelensky probably should resign over all of this because he's now blown out his level of support with Americans. This absolute utter disaster. The question for me is, is he redeemable in the eyes of Americans? Most Americans witnessing what they saw today would not want Zelensky to be their business partner. And Zelensky felt like he needed to debate Trump in the Oval Office. JD was awesome. This is a missed opportunity. And the question for me, for the Ukrainian people, I don't know if Zelensky can ever get you to where you want to go with the United States.


Either he dramatically changes or you need to get somebody new. Okay, so Speaker of the House of Mike Johnson repeated that Ja, that that general sentiment suggesting that this on CNN as well as NBC, that that we know Vladimir Putin is gonna be trusted. We're not abandoning Ukraine, but Zelensky is a disaster area. I think Vladimir Putin is a, an old school communist, a former KGB agent, and he's not to be trusted and he is dangerous. No, they're not abandoning Ukraine. I was with the president a day before that meeting and he was excited about this mineral rights deal. He, he believed it and we all believed it to be in the best interest of both countries.


We understand that he's a dangerous adversary and he is the one that provoked the war. Well, something has to change. E either he needs to come to his senses and come back to the table in gratitude or someone else needs to lead the country to do that. Okay? So again, this has been the sort of general Republican response to all of this. Se Secretary of State, Marco Rubio said something similar. He said, listen, we're not trying to undermine Ukraine, we're trying to get to a negotiated end here. And you know, you can preen and you can posture, but the negotiated end kind of looks the same no matter how you slice it. And we need to figure out is there a way to get them to stop the war? And the only way you're going to do that is to get Russians engaged in negotiations, something the Europeans weren't able, haven't been able to do the Biden administration wasn't able to do or didn't even try.


That's the goal here. It's that simple. Can we try to sit with them and figure out whether there's anything, what are the Russians demands? What under what conditions would the Russians be willing to stop this war? And as I said, we don't know what those are, 'cause we haven't talked to them in three years. That's the singular goal here, is to try to bring about an end of this conflict. And it begins by getting them to the table. Okay? Howard Lutnick, who's the Commerce Secretary, repeated this. He says, listen, Zelensky came in here and wanted to make a, a make believe bargain that wasn't on the table. What was he doing? That's why the president called it World War iii. You gambling with World War iii? We're not gonna give you security guarantees while you're at war with Russia. It's just ridiculous. His requests were ridiculous.


They were not reasonable. The President let it go for a while, you know, was very, he was there to make peace. Our president is there to make peace, as he said, end the death. And Zelinsky was not there to make peace. He was there to strike some sort of make believe bargain that he had in his mind. And eventually that just ran its course. Okay? And then Scott Bessant, who's the treasury secretary, said something similar. He says, listen, the whole point of getting to an economic deal is to get to a peace deal. I mean, this is like the, this is what Trump was saying in the room. Again. Trump was the adult. It is impossible to have an economic deal without a peace deal.


Theon for an economic deal is that Ukrainian leadership wants a peace deal. I thought this Was a building block towards getting to a, well, It, it was supposed to be, but President Zelensky came into the oval on Friday. There were, there were three things that were gonna be done. There was gonna be a press conference, there was gonna be a private lunch with 16 of us. And as you could see from Dan CNOs, the post on his ex account, we were already set up to sign, right, to sign the deal. So it's unclear now, president Zelensky has thrown off the sequencing, And, and this is right, by the way, again, the, this is not just from the United States, the British Ambassador to the United States again, and Peter Mandelson, he said that that was the whole point.


The whole point of the rare Earth mineral deal was to set up the possibility of a peace deal that would then include some security guarantees. And yes, I do think it would be a good idea if you signed the economic and commercial deal put forward by the United States. And the reason I say that is quite apart from the economic gain that Ukraine will derive from that. It will also give the United States a stake in Ukraine's future. It will mean that US commercial interests US individuals, citizens will be on the ground there. And that will be an even greater added incentive for the US to protect the u the Ukraine in future.


Make sure that war does not ensue again. Okay. By the way, you know, who agrees with all this? Donald Trump. Donald Trump agrees with all of this. So yesterday, president Trump went to truth social and he posted a quote from some dude named Michael McCune, who I've never heard of. And here's the quote he posted, quote, now, Zelensky will have no choice but to back down and accept Trump's terms. But here's the genius part. Trump is actually protecting Ukraine without dragging us into war. By negotiating a mineral drill, Trump ensures that Americans will be involved in Ukraine's mining industry. This prevents Russia from launching an invasion. Because attacking Ukraine would mean endangering American lives something that would force the US to respond. Trump played both sides like a master chess player. In the end, Zelensky will have no choice but to concede, because without us support, Ukraine cannot win a prolonged war against Russia.


And once US companies have mining operations in Ukraine, Putin will be unable to attack without triggering massive international consequences. Don't underestimate Donald Trump in this game of chess. He's 10 moves ahead of everyone. Okay? So that's what Trump was trying to do. Trump was trying to give Zelensky the W, and Zelensky wouldn't take the W. So why did this go so wrong? Well, one reason apparently is because according to Michael Goodwin writing at the New York Post, Zelensky decided that he was gonna take his hints and his advisory opinions from Democrats. Quote, before meeting President Trump, Zelensky met with anti-Trump Democrats who advised him to reject the terms of the mineral deal the President was offering. According to Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut, quote, just finished a meeting with President Zelensky here in Washington.


He confirmed the Ukrainian people will not support a F peace agreement where Putin gets everything he wants. And there are no security arrangements for Ukraine. The meeting, as the world now knows, went quickly off the rails and end with Trump angrily ejecting the arrogant ingrate from the White House. But apparently again, the goal here for Democrats was to basically sink the deal. So Chris Murphy, who had advised Zelensky before the meeting, again, he's a hardcore Democrat who'd loved to run for president Senator from Connecticut. Here he was now suggesting that Trump was a Putin accolade for the failure of the meeting. So in other words, Murphy sent Zelensky to get absolutely creamed in that meeting. And then he turns around and says that Trump is working for Putin. It is absolutely shameful what is happening right now.


The White House has become an arm of the Kremlin every single day. You hear from the National Security Advisor, from the President of the United States, from his entire national security team, Kremlin talking points for the last week. The White House has been pretending as if Ukraine started this war. That's essentially saying that Poland invaded Germany at the beginning of World War ii. So Murphy set this whole thing up to fail, presumably, or at least he was involved in it. Okay, so what is the actual outcome of all of this? Well, first of all, you have the idiot protestor. So a bunch of protestors showed up. The Van's family was supposed to go skiing and people showed up for miles around to yell at JD Vans.


They had to go to secure locations. This kinda stuff is gross. Really, really gross. Here is, here's what that looked like. Yeah, Yeah. You can hear people screaming at at various cars. They're just trying to go skiing for the weekend. So that, that's just absolutely delightful. What are the actual impact from all of this? Well, on the one hand, it could be that Europe finally steps up and Trump actually gets what he wants out of this, that Europe decides that they are going to actually fill the gap. According to the Wall Street Journal, the UK and France said they would lead a European effort to 4G Ukraine peace plan to present to President Trump as they sought to patch up differences between Kiev and Washington.


Following Friday's, white House clash, British Prime Minister Kiir Starr hosted nearly 20 allies in London on Sunday, said the progress had been made in building a coalition of the willing, which would commit military assets, including troops on the ground to secure any eventual peace. He said more countries would need to come on board if Europe is to build a force that would actually deter Russian aggression in Ukraine. Well, I mean, that's what Trump has been calling for all the way. And it's very weird to hear the Europeans suddenly doing the stuff that Trump actually wants them to do. Like for example, spend on defense and commit to com to defending their own continent. Here is Ursula Derland, she's the head of the EU suggesting weirdly enough peace through strength. We had a very good and frank discussion.


Basic, we've discussed everything that is around peace through strength. And of course, security guarantees are of utmost importance for Ukraine. But we need comprehensive security guarantees. This includes that we have to put Ukraine in the position of strength, that it has the means to fortify and protect itself from the economic survival to the military resilience. Now again, maybe this was Zelensky play. Maybe Zelensky play was alienate Trump knowing that Trump doesn't like him very much, and then play up to the Europeans and get what we want from the Europeans. There's some problems with that, namely that the United States' material is way better than the Europeans material.


And the other problem of course is can you trust the Europeans given the fact that the Europeans have a long history of being absolute suckers when it comes to being taken in by foreign dictators? I mean, it is worth noting at this point that during this war, during this actual honest to God, war EU imports of Russian oil surpassed the financial aid they sent to Ukraine. So in other words, they paid the Russians more than they sent to the Ukrainians, which just shows you their levels of commitment. But perhaps reality starting to set in for the Europeans, the Polish Prime Minister, Donald Tusk, he said, of course, Europe should step up. It's bizarre for Europe to ask the United States to be the one that actually fills the gap, the Parad, Because ladies and gentlemen, there's paradox and someone who's already overlooked it.


Just listen to this. 500 million Europeans are asking 300 million Americans to defend them against 140 million Russians. I wanna repeat these words. If you know how to count, count on yourself. Start relying on yourself, not in isolation of full awareness of your own potential. Europe, If there's something we lack today, it's not economic or demographic power, but the belief there, were truly a global force. Now again, there's a reason why President Trump likes the Polish. Because again, they're saying the correct thing right here.


Even the UK's cure. Starmer of course, is a left wing socialist type. He says, we'll put boots on the ground and in the air to preserve any peace deal. Not every nation will feel able to contribute, but that can't mean that we sit back Instead those willing will intensify planning. Now with real urgency, the UK is prepared to back this with boots on the ground and planes in the air together with others. Europe must do the heavy lifting. Okay? So again, Trump seems to be getting what he wants here. Europe steps up, they do the heavy lifting, probably Zelensky has to come back and sign some sort of deal with the United States and the deal gets cut.


In which case, good job, everybody goes home happy.


Are you looking for a better quality meat? Good ranchers delivers 100% American beef, chicken, and wild caught seafood straight to your door. Every cut is steakhouse grade with no antibiotics or hormones. Subscribe now using code Daily Wire to get your free bacon, ground beef, seed oil free chicken nuggets or salmon in every order for an entire year plus $40 off. That's good. ranchers.com promo code, Daily Wire, good ranchers, American meat delivered.


The reason that there's a lot of heartburn that is happening around this meeting is not really to do with Ukraine, okay? It really isn't to do with Ukraine. The question is whether there is a resetting of the world order that is happening right now. Now, a reset from the sort of bizarre vision of the Obama Biden era would certainly be an order, because the leading from behind America should not actually engage in peace through strength. The United States should essentially allow America's enemies to walk all over America's friends, and then every so often throw some half-hearted support to America's friends that we would bloviate on, on a sort of Wilsonian moral level without actually filling that gap that is ending and the the era of sort of hard power is returning. But the question really is whether the Trump administration, the what the Trump doctrine is.


Now, I've said before on this show, because President Trump told me on this show that the Trump doctrine is peace through strength. That America stronger in the world is better, that America with strong allies is in fact better. But there's an open question because it turns out that there are members of the Trump administration who don't necessarily believe all of that. So the Wall Street Journal has an editorial this morning saying with his first week's back in office, especially after Friday's, oval Office brawling with Ukraine's president, it's clear President Trump has designed for a new world order. Perhaps he could share, share this vision with the country when he addresses Congress on Tuesday. The conventional view of Mr. Trump is that he's above all transactional. He wants deals at home and abroad that he can sell his great successes. But the way his second term is unfolding, this may undersell his ambition.


Mr. Trump's strategy seems to be moving toward that of Tucker Carlson and JD Vance who view America is in decline and no longer able to lead or defend the West. Okay? Now that is the question, right? That's the question. The question is whether he is interested in hammering traditionally US friends like Canada and Mexico in violation of his own US MCA trade deal, or whether he's interested in sort of seeding control of Taiwan to China. He says, Trump hasn't articulate this. This is the U, the Wall Street Journal editorial board. Trump hasn't articulated this. Some of the intellectuals surrounding him have Elbridge Colby, not Elbridge. Colby nominated for the chief strategy post of the Pentagon, has argued the US must leave Europe and the Middle East of their own devices to focus on the Asia Pacific.


But Colby has also said South Korea might have to fend for itself. And he said in a letter to us last year, Taiwan isn't itself of existential importance to America. Mr. Vance is the most vigorous promoter of the abandoned Ukraine strategy. Arguing the war with Russia is a little more than an ethnic dispute. Ross Duat of the New York Times, who is sort of the clarifier for JD Vance says the vice president and president are merely quote, stripping away foreign policy illusions. So this is the question, right? The question is whether what we are looking at is America withdrawing from the world, seeding the far East to China, allowing America's allies to basically run on their own in those areas. And if they get invaded or taken over Taiwan, South Korea, while that's their business, whether Eastern Europe will be left open to the predations of the Russians, whether the Middle East will basically be left up for grabs between Turkey, Iran, Saudi, the Israelis, and what that will look like.


What does it look like in America withdrawing from the world? So that's sort of the open question. After the Trump Ukraine meeting, is this symptomatic of a broader foreign policy shift away from America being the world's hegemonic leader, and toward the idea that we're gonna retreat from the world behind our oceans and then assume that everything will be okay. Now, I don't know that that's the case. I, in fact, I think that's probably not the case because the truth is there are a lot of conflicting signals. It seems to me that if you look at the Russia, Ukraine situation in isolation, what you are seeing is President Trump trying to get to a deal through any means that he can. I may not agree with the means, by the way. I may think that the best approach to Vladimir Putin is to say, listen, you can see we're making every possible signal. We're saying it openly. We want a deal. We wanna get to a deal.


That deal will keep you Don Bassen, Crimea. That deal will not allow to invade the rest of Ukraine. That's the deal. And if we don't get that deal, then we're gonna pour resources into Ukraine. We're gonna hit you so hard. 'cause again, that is how Trump typically negotiates. So it's kind of weird. He is not doing that here, right? Typically, the way that Trump negotiates is Columbia does something we don't like. We threaten to increase our tariffs on Columbia to 50%. And the next day they gave President Trump has no problem throwing his weight around. And the sort of strange notion that we have to throw our weight around with Ukraine predominantly, and that Russia is actually the conciliatory party here. What are the signs of Russian conciliation? If we saw those, I might be on board with that. I'm waiting to see those still. It seems to me that what actually happened in terms of real politic is that Russia now feels emboldened if you're a Vladimir Putin, don't you?


Poor troops across that border as soon as possible. And you now know that Zelensky and Trump don't get along. That the United States is not fond of Zelensky. They don't like how he's handling it. That the Europeans for all of their big talk aren't gonna do much in the moment. Wouldn't you try to push as hard as you can, because that is the Russian strategy is to push where there's mush. I mean, the, the, the war may have been lengthened by this meeting, not shortened by this meeting. I don't know. We'll see how it works out. But the real question is overall American approach toward foreign policy. So I wanna talk for a second about why in general, America's involvement in the world matters for America. Here's some stuff that you're not gonna hear me say. I'm not gonna talk about democracy. I'm not gonna talk about Wilsonian values. I'm not gonna talk about the spreading of free speech and the blessings of liberty.


All that stuff is super nice. It's great if we can get it terrific. But that is not at the center of America's interest. You know, it's at the center of America's interest, a thriving America. That's what the Center of America's interest is. This is the difference between quote unquote neocons. You know, people who in the two thousands were suggesting we needed to spread democracy all over the world, and people who are real politic aficionados, you know, people who will and, and in the, let's be real, after the Iraq War, everybody is now in the real politic category. There are very few Wilsonian thinkers who think that it's the job of the United States to spread democracy everywhere in the world. That's it. That that rhetoric has been blown up. It is it, it's why it was so irritating when Joe Biden used to use it. 'cause it was stupid. Okay? But let's be clear, America's national interest does in fact rely on a strong America abroad.


Because here's the thing with us being the world's hedge fund comes enormous economic benefit to the American people. So for example, if you think that we can continue to fund our unbelievably onerous welfare state via debt, if we are not the leading power on earth, you got another thing coming that is not the way this works. We sell our debt trillions of dollars of debt every single year abroad. The question is, why does the rest of the world buy American debt? And there are several reasons. One, they think that we'll repay them. And this has several elements. One, we are economically strong. Well, part of America's economic strength is not in fact archy overpriced products. One of America's economic strengths is that we are not a highly regulated society, unlike much of Europe, our tax structure is better than that of Europe in many ways, particularly for business.


We are more globally competitive. Our economic strength relies yes on globalization. I know that that word has has taken on weird connotations. All that means is that when we trade with other countries, that's actually typically very good for the United States. It makes better products and services at a cheaper price. Our innovation tends to win. Our economic strength is the reason that people buy our debt because they figure we're the best bet on the block. Two foreign policy strength, which undergirds that economic strength. This is something people don't like to talk about, but the reality is that free trade, for example, isn't something that just randomly happens. It happens because the United States Navy is guarding all the shipping lanes on planet Earth. It is the United States that ensures the Rait to maloca where a huge percentage of world trade goes is open.


The reason that there are so many countries that are willing to buy our debt is because the United States is involved with those countries in ways that include security. In fact, as we'll talk about in a moment, one of the reasons that the United States dollar is the world's global reserve currency is because of our foreign policy strength. And then finally, lack of viable alternatives, right? Because we occupy so much space on planet earth, that means there is no alternative to investing in the United States. Whatcha gonna invest in China? China's a debt driven society. You're gonna go invest in the u, the eu. The EU is the most non-innovative society in the developed world by far. Okay, second, why does the rest of the world buy American debt? Because they want fungible assets that translate into dollars.


So for example, foreign banks will buy American bonds. Why do they buy American bonds? That's debt. Because they can then easily exchange those bonds for dollars. And people need dollars because dollars are the world's reserve currency. What does that mean? That that dollars are the world's reserve currency? You hear that all the time. This is a huge thing that the dollar is the world's reserve currency. That means an enormous percentage of trade all around the world, not involving the United States, happens via the dollar. So for example, if for example, the Indians wanna trade with the Chinese, they both translate to dollars. They don't just go rupe to yuan. Instead they both translate to dollars. And it's true all over the world. If you wanna trade a Euro for a, for a ruble for decades until the current sanctions, both the EU and Russia would translate that into dollars and then trade with each other using dollars.


So banks around the world will exchange these foreign currency into dollars, and then they'll trade those dollars for other forms of dollars. Other currency. So according to the Brookings Institute, 54% of all global trade invoices are done purely in dollars. And then even the ones that are not done in dollars, the foreign exchange happens in dollars. 88% of all foreign exchange transactions happens in dollars. And there you are talking about tens of trillions of dollars every single year. And this has huge benefits for the United States because when people buy our debt, because they want access to the dollar, it funds our welfare state. Where do you think who's, who's paying for that? Ain't you? It ain't taxpayers. It's debt. It injects capital into our markets. If there's lots of dollars wandering around abroad, those dollars have to go somewhere.


And it turns out a lot of those dollars go into our capital markets, our stock market. It also because we have such enormous leverage in global markets, allows us to use economic weaponry like sanctions against Iran, or to increase tariffs against our enemies. It gives us leverage in foreign policy. So what keeps the United States dollar as the world's reserve currency? Well, there are a few factors. One, stability of the currency. And that requires stability in the country, right? That means economic growth in the United States. Two, availability of the dollars, right? If the United States is really stable, but we trade with a currency you can't get elsewhere. No one's, no one's gonna use that as a reserve currency. So that means that trade, that means that global involvement matters an awful lot. Now here's an example.


The reason the US originally became the world's reserve currency is because in 1971, the US ended something called the Bretton Woods Agreement. The Bretton Woods Agreement was an agreement that was signed in 1944, very end of World War ii, in which the United States, basically all, we pegged our currency to gold. So the price of gold and then all other currency pegged themselves to the United States dollars. Okay? In 1950s and 1960s, the United States wildly overspent. We spent way too much money on our welfare programs and we'd started to bankrupt ourselves. So what happened is massive gold outflows, what people were doing is they were showing up at the central banks in the United States, and they were saying, we wanna trade our US dollars for gold. And so Nixon said, we're not going to be dependent on gold anymore.


We stopped pegging the US dollar to gold. So that should have completely debased the dollar, right? Because now what is it pegged to? Well, instead, Nixon pegged it to the full faith and credit of the United States, right? Look at your dollar bill. That's essentially what it says. So how did we ensure that people would trust the dollar? Well, one of the ways is we created something called the Petrodollar system. So we went to Saudi Arabia, which is at the time with opec, the dominant oil trading firm on planet Earth. And we said that they should only use dollars for transactions involving oil. So if you wanted to buy oil from Saudi, you couldn't use ruble, you couldn't use the yuan, you had to use a dollar. What did Saudi get? In exchange, we would provide military protection, economic aid, and security guarantees to Saudi. And so again, foreign policy matters an awful lot for domestic economic policy.


For how? For how we spend for the value of the dollar. What factors undermine the dollar? Is the world's reserve currency? Well, number one, foreign policy weakness. If we retreat, and it turns out people don't want dollars as much, they do not see us as a good bet, they also are going to move away from the dollar and start embracing more local forms of currency. Every time we use economic weaponry, for example, it's effects diminish. So this is why peace through strength matters, peace through strength is a deterrent. You don't wanna have to use economic or military weaponry you spend on your military. So no one wants to screw with you and then you don't have to, for example, levy enormous sanctions on the Russians, right? If we had had a peace through strength policy before Russia invaded Ukraine, then Russia wouldn't invade in Ukraine.


And then we wouldn't have had to put giant sanctions on them. And then the Russians wouldn't have moved into a full on ropy relationship with the Chinese and then they wouldn't have moved away from the dollar, which has led to a broader de dollarization. Other factors, domestic overspending. If we spend too much money on our welfare programs, this makes us way more dependent on foreign purchases of our debt. If we withdraw from world markets in trade, that makes dollars way less available. And if there is chaos in the markets in general, if for example, the free trade lanes start to break up, if the US Navy retreats, there is now pressure for regional trading blocks to stop using the dollar as the reserve currency. So what would actually happen if we lose that status? Why is all this important to you?


One massive increase in borrowing costs. So the national debt, we can no longer pay that off. We can no longer sell more of it. That means radically increased taxes at home or radically increased inflation, or both? Both two currency depreciation and inflation. Because if less people are buying the dollar globally, the price of the dollar goes down. If there's less demand and the supply remains the same, the price of the dollar goes down. So that means all your prices go up. It means less foreign investment in US financial markets. So your stock prices drop as well. The availability of capital to start businesses drops pretty dramatically as well. And of course, we lose our ability to use economics as leverage, right? Can no longer use sanctions because obviously if you're trying to cut somebody off from the use of the dollar and they're not using the dollar anymore, no matter, okay, what?


So all this is materializing in real time, okay? As the United States retreats from the world, as the United States loses its relative power, it's not absolute power, it's relative power. As that happens, things start to get worse. Here is a chart of the United States dollar as the world's reserve currency. And as you can see this from the IMF, as you can see, the US dollar share of foreign reserves has dropped from somewhere around 72% in 2000. All the way down to if you're, if you're adjusting for interest rates and exchange rates all the way down to about 56%, that is a massive decrease in the US dollar is a share of foreign reserves. That is a problem.


It's something that we should be looking to fix. The only way to fix that is with productivity at home. A strong and healthy market here at home cuts to our national debt, cuts to our welfare state. And yes, a continued presence abroad that ensures a stable world and global situa. Again, that is not for the good of other countries. That is for the good of you. That is the good for me, that is good for American citizens. At no point during this little disquisition have I mentioned the following words, democracy, liberalism, free speech, sexual orientation. I've not mentioned any of those things. And when you're talking about clear real politic interests, that is why it matters how the United States orients itself to the world. And if China goes after Taiwan or goes after the Taiwan straits, that's gonna have massive knock on effects for American citizens.


Not just in terms of the semiconductors at TSMC, but in terms of the breakup of the global trade system, of the free market of American power and its perception abroad. And yeah, that's gonna cost you, it's gonna cost all of us. It doesn't require an invasion of the United States. We have big oceans, thank God, in order for the United States to suffer. Because the United States, it turns out that when you dismantle a global hedgemon by the, like the United States, that doesn't tend to be amazing for the global Hedgemon. Well, meanwhile, as it turns out, other things were happening on planet earth that were not important at all. That would be the Oscars last night. So this may be the first you heard of the Oscars, because no one watched any of the movies. We reviewed all of them on Friday, and it turns out the only two that did any box office at all were wicked and Dune part two.


And neither one really did particularly well last night. The Oscars itself was semi apolitical except for one bizarre statement in support of Hamas that happened when a documentary that was all about the evils of the Israelis. You know, like a year and not even a year and a half after the mass murder of Jews on October 7th and the continued holding of hostages in the Gaza Strip, these, these schmucks got up a person named Basil Ara, Rachel z Al, and Yuval Abraham. It's not too hard, by the way, to find a left wing Jew to join along with people who wish to slaughter Jews in order to rip on Israel. Actually not all that difficult to task. So there's a movie, a documentary called No Other Land, which earned approximately one 28th of am I racist, I believe, at the box office.


And, and these guys got up to talk about how Israel was the problem in the Middle East. You know, the week after Palestinians held a giant ceremony celebrating the strangle, the strangulation murder of two toddlers before returning their dead bodies to the Israelis. But you know, Hollywood's gonna be Hollywood. About two months ago, I became a father and my hope to my daughter that she will not have to live the, the same life I'm living now. Always feeling, always, always feeling settler's, violence, home demolitions and forest spill displacement that my community, me RTA, is living and facing every day under the Israeli occupation, no other land.


Fl reflect the harsh reality that we have been enduring for decades and still resist as we call on the war to stake serious actions, to stop the injustice and to stop the ethnic cleansing of Palestinian people. The atrocious destruction of Gaza and its people which must end the Israeli hostages, brutally taken in the crime of October 7th, which must be freed. When I look at basal, I see my brother, but we are unequal. We live in a regime where I am free under civilian law. And basal is under military laws that destroy his life and he cannot control. There is a different path, a political solution without ethnic supremacy, with national rights for both of our people.


And I have to say as I'm here, the foreign policy in this country is helping to block this path. And you know, These people are high on their own supply. Why, how needles in the schmuck anymore, honest to God, these, these just disgusting, true, truly disgusting. Get up there and stand for Hamas. Let's be real about this. The Palestinian authority pays terrorists. That's what they literally do. Hamas is a dominant force inside the West Bank. Hamas continues to occupy the Gaza Strip. The Palestinians are by and large supportive of terrorism against Israelis in which to exterminate the state of Israel. The the reason that there is a quote unquote military occupation of these areas and not, you know, domestic home rule by the PA is because every time Israel attempts to withdraw from these areas, terrorists take them over and use them as bases for terrorist attacks.


The reason for checkpoints is because of terrorist attacks. The, the reason that Israel has to maintain a military presence in these areas and put its own people in harm's way is because of Palestinian terrorism. And extermination is hatred for Jews. So yeah, for sure, you definitely should give a, a best documentary award to, to this sort of propaganda on behalf of terrorism in the year and a half after the worst terrorist attack on Jews since World War ii. Just, just vile stuff, but, you know, leave it to the academy. Okay? Meanwhile, there, there were some good things that happened during the show. And the best moment came when Karen Culkin was given an award for a, a movie called A Real Pain. He won best supporting actor. And his speech was really, really charming.


He, he basically suggested that he got his wife pregnant for the fourth time. It was very funny, About a year ago, I was on a stage like this and I very stupidly publicly said that I won a third kid from her because she said if I won the award, I would, she would give me the kid. It turns out she said that. 'cause she didn't think I was gonna win. But after, and people came up to her and were like, you know, really annoying her, I think, I think it got to her. But anyway, after the show, we're walking through a parking lot, she's holding Emmy, we're trying to find our car. Emily, you were there. So you're a witness. And she goes, oh God, I did say that. I guess I owe you a third kid. And I turned to her and I said, really? I want four. And she turned to me.


I swear to God this happened. It was just over a year ago. She said, I will give you four when you win an Oscar. I held my hand out, she shook it, and I have not brought it up once until just now. You remember that, honey? You do. Okay then I just have this to say to you, jazz, love of my life, Eve, little faith, no pressure. I love you. I'm really sorry I did this again. And let's get cracking on those kids. What do you say? That's great, that's charming and wonderful and and hilarious and good for Karen Culkin. Seriously. Like the best thing I've seen at the Oscars in years is, is that particular moment.


And then there are some low moments. Like for example, every prostitute in America has to be thanked. So the movie that one best picture is an Nora. An Nora is the story of a sex worker, which means a prostitute who cynically marries a half moron, 18-year-old Russian oligarch son. And then it turns out that the romance doesn't exactly work and she's sad. That's the whole movie. Hope you enjoyed it. Well, the guy who won Best director and best picture for it was a guy named Sean Baker. And he felt the necessity to thank the prostitutes. Let's do it. I want to thank the sex worker community. They have, they have shared their stories, they have shared their life experience with me over the years.


My deepest respect, thank you. I share this with you. Mm mm Deep respect, deep respect for people who sell their body for money. The whole movie, by the way, is a repudiation of that. The reason she's sad at the end is 'cause she has to go back to being a sex worker. And that sucks. That's the, that it is amazing to me how people in Hollywood will make movies with very clear conservative messages at the end. And they don't even realize the movie they just made. Mikey Madison won Best actress over, apparently Demi Moore. So I guess that the plot of the Oscars was just the plot of the substance, where the young better looking young woman apparently wins the Oscar over the older woman. Whoops. Anyway, here is Mikey Madison also thanking the prostitutes of America.


I also just want to, again, recognize and honor the sex worker community. I will, yes, I'll continue to support and be an ally. All of the incredible people, the women that I've had the privilege of meeting from that community has been one of the highlights of this incredible, of this entire incredible experience. It's true there is, there is no, no more incredible experience than, than hanging out with the prostitutes. Okay? Also, Darrell Hannah showed up to show support for Ukraine. Now, I do find it hilarious that Hollywood has decided that this is the same Hollywood that will stand for Hamas, will also show support for Ukraine, which is interesting.


I I have a feeling it has less to do with their support of Ukraine than the fact that Trump does not sufficiently support Ukraine in their view. It's all oppositional. Here is Darrell Hanner, Darrel Hanna doing her routine Father Ukraine. Okay, well, you saved Ukraine, great job. Also, Adrian Brody won best actor for, again, playing a veteran of the Holocaust. So that he, he played a very similar part when he won for the pianist. And now he won again for the brutalist. And I have to say it is pretty incredible that he tried to call it antisemitism.


But Hollywood is so perverse that he can't just call out antisemitism in a movie about antisemitism. He also has to call out racism and all the rest of it. Like you, you, in Hollywood, the way that it works is you can't say antisemitism without saying also racism, sexism and homophobia is like a formula. And if you, if you don't say the magical incantation, then they smite you. Here, here is Adrian Brody. I'm here once again to represent the lingering traumas and the repercussions of war and systematic oppression and of antisemitism and racism and of othering.


Yep. There, it's, and I believe that, I pray for a healthier and a happier and a more inclusive world. And I believe if the past can teach us anything, it's a reminder to not let hate go unchecked. And it is always, it's always the same crap from Hollywood. It can never be a specific maity. It always has to be racism, sex, ry homophobia. And if you don't say 'em all at the same time, then obviously it's because you don't like black people enough or something like that. Speaking of black people, apparently we have to have a standing ovation anytime a black person wins any award for the first time. So we're, we're getting low on the list.


You know, we've had a black president, we've had a black secretary of state, we've had a black vice president, we've had best actors who are black best actresses, who are black best directors, who are black. And so now we've reached the point where we need standing ovations for the first black man's win best costume design. When we get down to best key grip, and I guess we'll still be doing standing ovations for this, as though, you know, black Americans could never win costume design until this very moment. Here we go. I'm the first black man to receive A Costume design Award. Huge award, Huge. Broke that glass ceiling.


So proud of This. That was the, that was the remaining glass ceiling. Guys. We, we beat racism. Thank you Everyone in the UK for all of your beautiful work. I could not have done this without you Until this very moment, until this very moment when a black man finally became the first black man to win best costume design. I thought that racism really was gonna triumph in America. But now that Paul Taswell has become the first black man to win best costume design, I gotta say, whew, man. We, we, I, I think we're there guys. I think finally we're there. Okay. That was the whole Oscars basically. Conan O'Brien was fine. He didn't do anything particularly shocking or, or wonderful. Hey, he wasn't as annoying as some of the other hosts. He wasn't Jimmy Kimmel or something. Maybe one of the best moments for Conan was joking with Adam Sandler, who showed up in shorts and his t-shirt.


Basically For such a prestigious night, it's important that everyone is properly dressed. Okay? You're dressed well. Adam, Go in. What's up my brother? What's Going on? Matt? Adam, what are you wearing? What? What are you doing right now? I'm asking you what you're wearing. Nobody even thought about what I was wearing till you brought it up. You're dressed like a guy playing video poker at 2:00 AM Adam, You know what? God, I like the way I look because I'm a good person.


I don't care about what I wear or what I don't wear. Did my, my snazzy gym shorts and fluffy sweatshirt offend you so much that you had to mock me in front of my pants. Okay. I'm sorry. Okay. So I, some people like this. I, I've been reliably informed. I, I, I've never been a fan of it. I'm saying this so far. I just, that, that is what it is. Well, that was your Oscar's review. It was lackluster as wore. Virtually all the movies this year. Hopefully we'll do better next year. Already. Guys coming up, Andrew Klavin joins the show to analyze Nora, the film that one best picture at the Oscars last night, as well as some of the other pictures that were nominated at first. However, you have to be a Daily Wire subscriber.


If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.