
Mike Tarico here with some of the 2024 team USA athletes. What's your message for the team of tomorrow To young athletes? Never forget why you started doing it in the first place. You have To pursue something that you're passionate about, Win, lose, or draw. I'm always gonna be the one having a smile on my face, finding Joy and why you do it keeps you doing it. Be authentic, be you, and have fun. Joy is powering team USA during the Olympic and Paralympic games. Comcast is proud to be bringing that inspiration home for the team of tomorrow.


Well, listen, I know you didn't stay up to watch Joe Biden last night. Joe Biden didn't stay up to watch Joe Biden last night, but you know, who did election wire live every night during the D nnc 7:45 PM Central time tonight, they'll be joined by Carolyn Downey and Steven L. Miller to analyze all the goings on at the Democratic National Convention. So last night was Joe Biden's funeral, and it had to be awkward for him. Many people have had the fantasy over the course of their lifetime that they would be present and sort of alive observing their own funeral. They would get to see all the orations about what a wonderful person they were. Very few people get to actually give their own eulogy at their own funeral. And Joe Biden did that last night. The overriding feeling that you get from watching the DNC is these people are so pathetically fake.


It is so fake. So last night was supposed to be a unifying tribute night to Joe Biden as they shuffle him off his moral coil. And in fact, Joe Biden showed up to give a speech, and then they literally put him on a plane and they shoved him off. They said, get the hell out of here. And they sent him to California. Now remember, that guy is still the president until January, so I have no idea who's running the country. You have no idea who's running the country apparently. It simply doesn't matter who's running the country at this point. But the idea was that he was gonna speak in prime time. They were gonna give him his gold watch. They were gonna give him big round of applause for his wondrous leadership after having stabbed his candidacy to death and left it bleeding out on the floor. They were going to talk about what a wonderful president he had been.


It would be a night of warm feelings and hot flowing tears, and it would just be an emotional, resonant, incredible night when he quote unquote passed the torch. And what it actually was, what it actually was, was the sad spectacle of an old man being shoved off a cliff and being forced to celebrate as he himself was shoved off the cliff. It's like the main character in darkness at noon sitting there in the cell after having confessed to his crimes on behalf of the Communist Party. That is basically what happened to Joe Biden last night. He had to embrace the party at last and feel the joy, and then they packed him off into an icebox and they shipped him off by train to California where he is on vacation again. But it is again, that feeling of fakery that pervades this entire enterprise.


Understand, the American people are unhappy with the direction of the country right now. There's not a single poll in America that shows fewer than two thirds of Americans thinking America is moving in the wrong direction. Democrats are in charge of the government. They're in charge of the White House. They're in charge of the Senate. So if you believe that the country is moving in the wrong direction and two thirds of you do, maybe you might want to consider why that is. And so when you have a country that is very unhappy about the economy, very unhappy about our foreign policy, very unhappy about the elitism of the critical race theory Democrats, the intersectional Democrats, the people who tell you a boy can be a girl and vice versa, and simultaneously tell you that if you speak differently, you ought to be ousted from public life.


If you're feeling bad about any of that stuff, does it work that they are slapping a Kamala Harris happy face sticker on this bag of crap? That is their policy proposals. Does that make you feel any better? The entire thing is phony. The entire thing is fake from soup to nuts. Last night, it was all phony. It was all fake up to and including Joe Biden's speech. At the very end, the entire celebration was supposed to culminate in Joe Biden, giving a warm speech about Kamala Harris and about how he was a heroic figure. Cincinnatus retiring to his farm, George Washington giving up command and all of the rest of this, and instead they shoved him off beyond prime time.


You understand? He started speaking last night at 11:30 PM 11:30 PM He started speaking last night. It was really, really, really late. He spoke for 48 minutes beginning at 11:30 PM And that's in the Battleground states, right? That's in Michigan, that's in Pennsylvania, that's in Georgia. All those states are on Eastern time. So it was a fitting culmination. The Democrats tried to pretend that it was about Joe Biden, and it really wasn't. It was about shoving Joe Biden off the cliff as fast as possible. It's not me saying that that's Politico, which is a left wing organization saying that quote, as the Democratic National Convention Program rolled on and on and on last night, we got a text midway through from a veteran Democrat who'd been involved in many previous conventions.


I think these guys have a big scheduling problem. This person told us, noting that at the rate things were going, president Biden would not address the crowd until well after 11:00 PM Eastern. So they realize the universe runs on East Coast time. The answer is they absolutely do. It felt a little too on the nose at Huffington Post, Igor Boic with an unpopular president first forced out of office by party bosses. He wasn't forced, forced out of office. He was forced out the nomination. If they had forced him out of office, that might've made some sense. The terrible president, they kept him in office. They kept his moldering corpse in the White House in the Oval Office. They could wheel him around weak Weekended Bernie style into meetings, and they could manipulate his face hole into making sound and then roll him back into his coffin every so often, all the way until January.


But they forced him out of his nomination and then forced him to deliver his big self eulogy. His big, I give it up for the party speech after prime time when everyone was already asleep. Paul Gu and Nate Silver said, quote, you've gotta be pretty naive to think the prolonged DNC tonight is for any reason other than diminishing biden's visibility. That, of course, is exactly right. That is exactly right. And we'll get to Joe Biden's speech, which was in fact a complete debacle. It was a debacle. It was him battling the teleprompter. It was him telling lie after lie, it was the worst of Joe Biden, which is the reason they got rid of him. Now, understand, it doesn't matter what the face of the clock says at the Democratic Party. It just matters what the machinery, the workings of the clock are.


They switched out the face of the clock for a different face of the clock. It is the same exact machinery underneath Joe. Biden was always a machine politician. Kamala Harris is a machine politician. He can swap out the face, doesn't matter. It's the same exact machine, but you're supposed to feel the fakery. So the question is, how gullible are you? That is the question for 2024. Just how gullible are you? Are you gonna be taken in by all of the sloganeering about Donald Trump being a threat to democracy? And how Donald Trump is, is such a deep and abiding and terrible figure in American public life that you can just keep going with these crappy policies that have wrecked America. Fiscally are setting us on a path to economic ruin, have set the world on fire in terms of foreign policy, have opened the door to Russia and to China and to Iran.


Are are you that gullible? Are you gullible enough to believe what they are selling? Because it is a sales pitch and it is a bad sales pitch at that. So the question of 2024, how gullible are you?


Well, if you're not that gullible, maybe you should change your cell phone service. There's only one cell phone company that gives you free premium access to the media you actually care about. It's PureTalk. This might be the best offer PureTalk has ever come out with. Listen to this. When you switch your cell phone service to PureTalk on a qualifying plan, you'll get a free one year Insider subscription to Daily Wire Plus. That's right. Take advantage of unlimited talk, unlimited text, 15 gigs of data and mobile hotspot on America's most dependable 5G network for just 35 5 bucks a month. And you'll get one year free of Daily Wire Plus, which is a great deal. The Daily Wire Plus Insider plan gets you access to our entire library of movies, series and documentaries, including Lady Ballers. What is a Woman, Mr. Bertram run, hide, fight and more. Plus, you get all our daily shows uncensored and ad free. The only way you can get this special offer is by going to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. I've been telling you to stop over paying for your cell phone plan for a very long time. If you haven't yet made the switch to PureTalk, now would be the time. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro today, switch to a qualifying plan. Get one year free of Daily Wire Plus Insider. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash Shapiro today. Don't be as gullible as all those people at the DNC last night. Go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro.


The sales pitch, of course, begins with fake joy. Joy, judge. Joy, joy, joy. And it really is like renin stimpy, happy, happy, joy, joy. They like that. Got got the brain machine on you forcing you to believe. And there's something peculiarly sinister about people telling you that there's just joy everywhere. It's just joy. It's joy. You feel the joy. Feel the joy. It is one thing to say, vote for our candidate, our candidates better than the other candidate. It's another thing to say there's a lot of democratic enthusiasm for their candidate because now they're excited that Joe Biden is out. It is another thing entirely to pretend that Kamala Harris, one of the most scripted, manufactured non-genuine politicians in American history, is a representative of joy that the awful awkward cackle that she unleashes upon being asked a difficult question.


By the way, we are now on Wait for it. Wait for it. Day 31 of her answering zero difficult questions, day 31, a full month in days. You know, every time she asked a tough question, she unleashes the cackle. We're supposed to believe that that cackle is not a cackle. It is not an awkward laugh. All it really is, is an expression of her inner child. She, like Peter Pan, is youth. She's joy. She has a little bird breaking free from the egg. That is who Kamala Harris really is. And she's not just joy. You should feel the joy. And if you don't feel the joy, it's 'cause you're bad. It's 'cause you're mean. It's 'cause you're cruel. Maybe a little racist. That's why you don't feel the joy. Do you feel the joy yet?


Do you feel it? Do you feel it? Do you feel it? That's that is the Democratic Party platform at this point. Here is Joy Reed certainly one of the least joyous people in American public life, suggesting that she just, she's in the convention room and she feels the joy. Nicole Wallace has this smile plastered on as though she fell into the toxic waste vat that the Joker fell into. And, and here are these two representatives of sheer unadulterated joy, talking about the joy that is Kamala Harris. I'm gonna sum up what I have felt since we landed Nicole in this wonderful, beautiful city, exuberance, joy.


Thank God I I have not. And we were just talking about this a little while ago. I have not seen so many Democrats laugh, smile, oh, sing. I mean, there is a song in the air. I can hear me behind me, but there's like a little bit of music playing. Oh man. People are literally dancing to the tunes in their own head, literally dancing. I think Democrats today, they feel a kind of joy, joy of say it over a kind of Belief Joy that I personally have not seen in what? Like eight years. Oh my God, so much, so much joy. Insane levels of joy. Do you feel the joy you, if you don't feel the joy right now? Love it. Live it.


Be the joy God. Do feel the joy? Feel it. Do you feel it? Feel the joy. Feel it, feel it. Feel the joy is joyous. You feel it. This is their campaign. Now. It feels a little fake, feels a little forced. It's not just Joy Reed, of course, it's Kamala Harris who trotted out on night one. It's kind of unusual. She showed up at the very beginning of the convention to get a big round of applause after having won zero primary votes ever, after having taken her boss and shoved him out a third story window like Vladimir Putin here. She was showing up to talk about how she sees the beauty of the nation. Oh my. Oh wow. Do you feel the joy? Do you feel it? Do you feel the joy? Because she can slogan it up a little more. She can give you some more pap if you'd like.


Here we go. I see the beauty About Great nation on The nasal Style. People from every corner of our country, oh, every hands and every walk of life are here united by our shared vision for the future of our country. And this November we will come together and declare with one voice as one people, we are moving forward. We are moving forward, not back. Okay? Honestly, there are many irritating slogans in American politics. We are moving forward is really stupid. It's really irritating.


How precisely would you move back? How do you have a time machine? How forward to the future? It's Kodo and Kang. Now we will go forward into the future. Spiraling upward, never downward. And what if you buy this? You are stupid. I'm not saying if you vote for Kamala Harris, you're stupid. Maybe you have reasons of your own. If you buy this crap, if you pretend it's about the joy and the moving of the forward and all of this kind of stuff, it's because you are a rube. You're a sucker, and they're playing you like a fiddle question. How stupid do you have to be? Do not see through all this.


Also, you have to be kind of dumb to not diversify between the stock markets, mood swings and unemployment numbers that make you wanna pull your hair out. We are on some kind of weird financial rollercoaster here. And then there's the national debt. Well, how can you protect your hard earned money from this economic circus? I've been telling you about Masterworks for years now. Now you might be saying, Ben, are you seriously talking about art investing? I am. That is the thing I'm doing here is why Bluechip, Contemporary Art has had almost zero correlation with the stock market for the last 28 years while it's experiencing a slowdown at the moment. Long term, the price appreciation has actually outpaced the s and PI know, kind of shocking, right? Look, I've been talking about Masterworks for years because they keep delivering results. They've had 23 successful exits with over $60 million in net proceeds. Going back to investors. You don't need to be a bere wearing espresso sipping art coner to get in on this. You don't even need to invest millions of dollars. Thousands of my listeners have already jumped on board. So here's what you should do. Go to masterworks.com/ben, that's masterworks.com/ben, or just scan that QR code on your screen if you're watching. Past results are not indicative of future performance. And do not include unsold works. All investing involves risks. I'm not an investor with masterworks. See, important regulation a disclosures@masterworks.com slash cd.


How dumb do you have to be? Not to be able to see through this? Truly, truly, it's astonishing if you can't see through this kind of stuff. Meanwhile, you have Tim Walls, who is, man Tim Walls is a phony. My goodness. Him, he knows he's on camera. And so he's bouncing around out there like he's taking a bunch of crystal meth or something. He's bouncing around. He's so excited to be there. Tim Walls ho ho. He's like a squirrel out there, just, just looking around. Watch this. It's, it's a, oh my God, these people. These people, I can't. The most unusual circumstances, oh, where are we looking in residential history? Hold on, hold On. Governor, his wife Look watching proceedings from the floor out the floor at the convention right now.


Oh my gosh. Can't see. Can't see. I don't understand. Is he a 4-year-old child? And there's a six foot person in front of him? Like he's literally only a vice presidential box. Who, who? Who Got these people? And then his crazy, his crazy smile at every available opportunity. It's a little much, guys. It's a little much. Meanwhile, we, we did get some details about Kamala Harris. So for example, we got Eleni Kki, who you've never heard of. She's the California Lieutenant Governor. That's the reason you've never heard of her talking about how she is so friendly with Kamala Harris. And Kamala Harris is, she is the embodiment of joy. In fact, she'll even call you on her birthday and sing to you.


'cause she's just got this song in her heart. If You're lucky enough to be her friend, she calls you on her birthday and sometimes she sings to you. Oh, that sounds awful. That sounds perfectly awful. By the way, who calls other people on their own birthday to sing to them? Is that a thing you do? Seems weird. No, I, I might call you on your birthday to sing to you, but what I call you on my birthday to sing. Imagine picking up that phone. You're like, who? It's Kamala happy birthday to me. Oh my God.


But feel the joy. Feel the joy. And if there's one representative of joy in the history of American politics, you know who it is. It's Hillary Clinton. Oh yes. She is here with the joy, a lady for whom smiling looks as painful as the rack. Here she was at the DNC last night. She says, something is happening in America. Something. Something is happening in America. Oh my gosh, what is it? You can feel it. Bill is feeling it. Something we, oh, we're not talking about somebody else And dreamed of for a long time. Oh my gosh. You're feeling it. You're feeling, by the way, it's gotta suck to be Hillary Clinton, right?


You lost to Donald Trump and now you're having your first woman president title, possibly stolen by Kamala Harris, whose accomplishments number zero. Again, that's gotta be a little sad if you're Hillary Clinton. But don't worry, she's gonna force the joy because the joy will be enjoyed. Joy is the joy. Here's Hillary telling you about all the joy she feels in the cockles of her tiny heart. Progress is possible, but not guaranteed. We have to fight for it and never, ever give up. There is always a choice. Do we push forward or pull back, come together as we the people or split into us versus them?


Yeah. She's not oppositional. That's the choice we face in this election. Joy in unity and joy in unity. And then the mask slips, and then they say what they actually think, which is, this is all about how much they hate Donald Trump and how much they kinda hate the American people. 'cause the American people are a bunch of rubes suckers, bitter clingers. This is what they've thought since the days of Barack Obama, long before the days of a Democratic party, they gave a crap about blue collar workers long over the days of a Democratic party that thought, Hey, maybe people who go to church are generally good people. Those are long over. This is the day of the Raptor Democratic Party. This is the day of the elitist democratic party that cares only about a cadre of elite people and their dependents. This is, this is what the Democratic party has become.


They're bitter, they're angry. It has nothing to do with joy in everything to do with revenge on Donald Trump, particularly here is Hillary letting it slip. Here's the mask slipping. She was speaking, of course, and the crowd started chanting, lock him up. Now, typically, Hillary and other Democrats have made a show of pretending that they, they actually don't want Donald Trump locked up Despite. The fact that they have now activated every weapon of the justice system against Donald Trump repeatedly here she was nodding along as they shouted, lock him up. He made his own kind of history. The first person to run for president with 34 felony convictions As Vice president.


As vice president. Kamala sat in the situation room There. She's nodding along to lock him up, which is what they really want in the end, isn't it? They don't give a crap about the country or its direction. They want their revenge. They can taste it. It's so sweet. Raphael Warnock, the senator from Georgia, who is only a senator, because Donald Trump idiotically suggested that voters in Georgia not actually go and vote in a Senate race in 2021. Thus making Raphael Warnock a senator rather than say Kelly Loeffler or David Perdue. In any case, Raphael Warnock, he, he made clear what he wants, which is Donald Trump is a plague on the American republic.


Remember, Donald Trump was nearly shot in the head like six weeks ago by people who believe this kind of stuff. Here's Raphael Warnock heating up at that temperature. Donald Trump's America is the America of January 6th. People who have no vision traffic in division, he does not know how to lead us. And so he wants to divide US America. Make no mistake, Donald Trump is a plague on the American conscience.


He is a press, he is a clear and present threat to the precious covenant. We share with one another. That's what they actually care about. And by the way, the DNC is not hiding the ball. They on a full ad on how Donald Trump was guilty of crimes. And Kamala Harris, well, she's a prosecutor instead of, Hey, the system of justice, the wheels turn slow, but they grind finely. Instead of any of that, it's Kamala Harris is going to personally prosecute Donald Trump and put him in jail. This is what they're here for. This is what they want In the criminal justice system. The people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups. The police who investigate crime, and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders.


This is the story of Donald Trump his entire life. Trump has believed he's above the law that no one would ever dare hold him accountable. He lies. He rips off workers. He sexually abuses women. And when You're a star, they let you do it. You can do Anything. He cheats in business. He cheated on his wife with a porn star. I Mean, Doug Ock cheated. He says that The American people wouldn't find out during an election, This ran at the DNC Criminal justice system. Ordinary Americans have had the courage to find him accountable. Time and time again, guilty. Guilty, guilty. Donald Trump, guilty on all 34 felony counts.


For The first time in history, we have a convicted felon running for president. And to take on this case, we need a president who has spent her life prosecuting perpetrators like Donald Trump. I mean, it's crazy. Tried Overturning. Georgia's free and fair Election. Okay, lemme stop it there. But this is what the campaign's about, right? It's not about the joy, it's about the revenge. That's what they want. They cannot deal with the fact that Donald Trump was ever president. He cannot be president again, and they want revenge.


Well, folks, it is not about joy. It's about revenge for these people. And as we'll discuss a little bit later, I mean, honestly, you kinda hope that Joe Biden has a a life insurance policy, which is what you should have a life insurance policy. Policy genius helps you get the life insurance you need fast, so you can get on with your life, you know, before they ship you out to California. As the country's leading online insurance marketplace, PolicyGenius gives you peace of mind knowing if something were to happen to you, your family could cover their expenses while getting back on their feet. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars in coverage. Some options are 100% online, and let you avoid those unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius has licensed award-winning agents and technology that make it easy to compare life insurance quotes from America's top insurers, and then find the lowest price their team of licensed experts is on hand to help you through the process. Even if you already have a life insurance policy through work, it might not offer enough protection for your family's needs. It might not follow you if you leave your job. PolicyGenius works for you, not the insurance companies. That means they don't have the incentive to recommend one insurer over another. Don't put off life insurance. Make it easy with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro or click that link in the description, Get your free life insurance quote. See how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro. Again, policygenius.com/shapiro to get started.


So fake joy is what they're proposing. What they actually want is bloody minded revenge. Hey, that's one piece of the fake puzzle. Then you have their fake populism. So the Democrats are still trying to pretend that they're the party of the blue collar worker. Sure. They're facilitating mass illegal immigration, which undercuts the wage base. Sure, they're pressing forward with the unionization scheme that actually harms the little guy. Sure, they're pressing forward with a set of tax and spend policies that bankrupt the economy and lead to 40 year highs in inflation. But they are populous. And if you are, if you listen to them, they are the most populous populous ever populist. They care about the American people. Here, for example, is fake populist Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, who's a socialist, who drove some 20,000 jobs out of New York by targeting Amazon, but who has spent her entire career bopping around Brooklyn doing Instagram photos and demonstrating how much she cares about the working people by living in one of the nicer apartments in Washington DC and accomplishing zero things.


I see a leader who understands. I see a leader with a real commitment to a better future for working family. It's time to get into rhythm here. Here we go. She's gonna start bopping in a second In Chicago. We have to help her win because we know that Donald Trump would sell this country for a dollar if it meant lining his own pockets at greasing the palms of his Wall Street friends. Oh yeah. Can you feel it? Okay. So I mean, really, some people were very into this, by the way. Some people were like, wow, what an order. What an order. Yeah, like a third grade.


I'll give you free candy at recess election. What an order. Come on, bopping around. We're, we're such a country of children if we take this seriously, but apparently there are a lot of children out there. The crowd started chanting a OC because the future of the Democratic party is in fact antisemitic socialism. Thank you Kamala Harris. And for, Oh, good Lord. If this is the future of the country, well then we are screwed beyond all measure. Thank you. Thank you. What a ridiculous party. And what a ridiculous human being.


By the way, sad news for a OC that a couple of her compatriots lost in primaries because it turns out many Americans do not actually like this agenda. She'll never win a statewide primary in New York because she's too radical. But the Democratic party base, they love her. They love her. Is she a populist a OC? Is she really? How about Dick Durbin? Senator from Illinois? He a populist, he says that Donald Trump won't have a pay raise for you because of his tax cuts. You know where I noticed that wages have degraded radically under you, under your administration, under the Biden administration and the tutelage of morons, like Dick Durban Want a pay raise. Too bad. The boss just gave himself one so there's nothing left for you. Oh, wow. That has some stirring oratory right there. How about a state senator?


As they trotted out for some odd reason, a state senator named Mallory MCM from Michigan to bring out, she's doing now, we're now doing prop comedy. She brought out a watermelon and smashed it like Gallagher. Oh, no, no, no. She'd bring out a giant project 2025 book that doesn't exist in reality. She had her staff manufacture it so she could slam it down on the podium. Problem is, it's bigger than she is. Hello, I'm Michigan State Senator Mallory mcm.


And this, this is Project 2025. Oh man. So you got the fake populism. Yeah, the the, these are the people of the common man, right? The, by the way, no one represents the common man worse than Kamala Harris. No one. Kamala Harris is an intersectional elitist. She grew up in Berkeley, the son of two professors. Then she moved to Montreal for her childhood. She has never worked a serious job One day in her life, she hasn't. She worked as a low level DA and then she immediately started sleeping with Willie Brown and elevated her way through California politics.


That is her story. And then she was elevated to the vice presidency, obviously, by a president of the United States or presidential candidate who was seeking an intersectional representative, his vp. That's her story. Literally no one


has less of a common person experience than Kamala Harris. And she doesn't know about your problems. And she certainly doesn't know about my problems. My problems involve not getting enough sleep or would if I did not use my Helix sleep mattress. Here's the thing, I'm pretty busy all day and I can't keep up with that day if I don't get a good night's sleep. So I really appreciate that Helix Sleep Mattress Helix harnesses years of mattress expertise and offers a truly elevated sleep experience. The Helix Elite Collection includes six different mattress models, each tailored for specific sleep positions and firmness preferences. If you're nervous about buying a mattress online, you really don't have to be. Helix has a sleep quiz, the matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress. Because why would you buy a mattress made for somebody else? I took that Helix quiz as matched with the firm, but Breathable Mattress. I love it. My wife loves it. We're big Helix fans at the Shapiro household. Helix has a 10 year warranty and try it out for a hundred nights risk free. They'll even pick it up for you if you don't love it, but you will Helix financing options and flexible payment plans. Make it so a great night's sleep is never far away. For a limited time Helix is offering up to 25% off all mattress orders plus two free pillows For our listeners, just head on over to helix sleep.com/ben. That's helix sleep.com/ben. It's their best offer, yet it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts right now. Again, that's helix sleep.com/ben.


No one represents the common man worse than Kamala Harris. I think a lot of this is gonna backlash, by the way. I don't, I don't think it's gonna work. And And everybody knows this. The, the Democratic National Convention. This is the party of the common man, right? The common American, like the blue collar American. That's what they say. Well, it's weird then because the Democratic National Convention kicked off with an introduction reminding delegates that the convention was held on land that was forcibly removed from indigenous tribes. Prairie Band, Potawatomi Nation Tribal Council, vice Chairman, Zach Pam, and Tribal Council Secretary Lori Milkier, took the stage at the start of the convention where they welcomed the Democratic Party to their ancestral homelands. Here we are together on our ancestral homelands of the Prairie Band, Potawatomi Nation, and our sister Potawatomi nations.


We also honor the spirit of other tribal nations who traveled westward to this beautiful area. Welcome to the 2024 Democratic National Convention. To our homelands. This land has and always will carry enormous importance to its original stewards, our ancestors in our present day communities. And then they talk about how people were forcibly removed from these communities. This is all part of the settler colonialist theory that animates the Democratic Party. The idea being that western civilization is strange and therefore bad, and that all the land that Americans currently live on actually belongs to the indigenous peoples from a couple of thousand years ago. Nevermind that the story of human migration is a story of population movement and tribal warfare and all the rest.


The Democratic party starts from the premise that America was wrongly founded. That's what the Democratic National Convention starts from. The premise that Chicago is actually not an American city. It is stolen land from the indigenous. Does that sound like a blue collar pitch to you? How about the the Z NNC platform? So finally, the Democrats have written a platform. Now it's a little awkward, a little awkward 'cause it turns out that the original platform they tried to release was chalk filled with Joe Biden's name talking about his accomplishments. So I guess nobody had time to edit. So they just stuck it out there and they're like, oh, whoops. We, we didn't mean Joe Biden, we meant Kamala Harris, because of course they had to steal the nomination from him, which is what they did. But what exactly is in her new platform?


Here are just a few of the promises. Healthcare should be a right in America, not a privilege. So nationalized healthcare, they're talking about fighting to protect and expand the Affordable Care Act. But the reality is what they really want is a public option. They want to expand traditional Medicare coverage to include dental, vision and hearing services. Universal preschool for four year olds guarantee affordable quality childcare to millions of working families for less than $10 a day per child, which is not possible without trillions of dollars in expenditures. America's first full national paid family and medical leave program, they want to essentially put in place universal basic income. They want to double funding to repair and expand active transportation and public transit. There's tons of stuff codifying national abortion protection, spending more on environmental justice and climate change.


It is all just the democratic machine. Does any of that sound like that is in touch with the concerns of everyday Americans who can't afford groceries right now? I didn't think so. So we have fake joy, which is actually about revenge. We have fake populism, which is really about intersectional elitist crap, and we have fake courage. So the fake courage was of course, members of the Democratic codery suggesting that they are really courageous for stepping out front. Like for example, the coach of the Golden State Warrior, Steve Kerr. So Steve Kerr is brought out for some odd reason, and he says that speaking outcomes with risks, well, as we'll discuss in a moment, he's not willing to take the actual risks of speaking out in a risky way if you believe that in American public life speaking at the DNC is an actual risk yet.


Sure, sure. Steve, I know very well that speaking out about politics these days comes with risks. I can see the shut up and whistle tweets being fired off as we speak, but I knew as soon as I was asked that it was too important as an American citizen not to speak up in an election of this magnitude. Wow, what a, what a brave, courageous fellow that Steve Kerr is. My goodness. I mean, probably so courageous that for example, if he was asked about Chinese human rights abuses and say the NBA had a lot of money riding on its relationship with China, he would probably speak out, wouldn't he? Wouldn't he wouldn't.


He Obviously, the big story in the league right now is, you know, Darrell Morris' tweet and everything going on with China. Do you have any thoughts on that situation? Actually, I don't. I mean's a really, it's a really bizarre international story and a lot of us are, you know, don't know what to make of it. So it's, it's something I'm reading about and just like everybody is, but I'm not gonna comment for the Now that's courage. That's courage. By which I mean, what a coward. Seriously, what a, and that is the story of the Democratic Party. Look how courageous we are.


We are so courageous. Also, we are gonna run screaming from the pro kamas wing of the Democratic party. So just yesterday, Josh Shapiro, who should have been the vice presidential nominee for the Democrats, there's only one problem, he's a Jew. And they couldn't have that. Ain't no Jews getting on that Democratic party ticket because after all, they got too many people who love Hamas in the Democratic party base. Here. Was Josh Shapiro being a coward and running away from that question? No. How dare you. Kamala Harris never said to me anything about me being a Jew. Yeah, no Bleep Sherlock. You thinks she was gonna come out and say, Hey dude, you're a Jew. No way. That's why he wasn't selected though. So here's Josh Shapiro doing the bidding of the Democratic Party. Of course, coward. Now, let me also be very clear here.


anti-Semitism played absolutely no role in my dialogue with the vice President. Absolutely not. Yeah, it is also true that antisemitism is present in our commonwealth, in our country, and in some areas within our party, and we have to stand up and speak out against that. Cool. When, what? Wanna name a name, how about naming a name Josh? Or are you too much of a coward for that? I can Han Omar, Rashida tb. Kamala Harris', entire foreign policy team. She met with the mayor of Dearborn in secret, who's a full scale October 7th celebrator. But Ja j Ja god, the the cowardice, the absolute cowardice of this party.


Truthfully, the cowardice. So the protestors were outside. These are the people to whom the Democratic party is kowtowing. They were attacking law enforcement yesterday. They showed up at the DNC as per their predictions. Here were some of the protesters who were attacking law enforcement outside the DNC yesterday. We had people deploy pepper gas toward our officers, throw water on 'em, throw water, bottles, sticks, things of that nature. And they were continuously trying to take down the fence. And our officers responded as professionally as we trained them. Okay, and here are some of the protestors actually breaking through the gates. I don't know. Why do they need a wall? Why, why? Why can't they just have open arms for their own constituents? Why do they need a wall? Walls are bad. Why?


That's terrible here. They're breaking through those gates while waving Palestinian flags. The wies for wiess, for kamas over here to confront the police. Of course, when they were done with that, they decided to set up their latest 10 ada. So they set up like a tent city in Chicago. Of course, of course, because why not? They're complete, useless people to whom the Democratic party is kowtowing. Here they are wearing the terrorist headscarves, the Tofias, and the Palestinian flag, and all the rest of them at a local park.


Here are some of the anti-Israel protestors calling Jews, pigs. You know, these kind of people, good people as we'll. See, Joe Biden coward extraordinaire actually said that they have a point. You're at the wrong event. I just wanna show that there's, you know, pro Zionists out there. I don't want, you know, Tomala to think that because you guys are the loudest part of the party, that you're the majority because That we're not the majority. I hope not. You think pig races, Zionists are the majority. I mean, I would think supporting one to cheese out of, do you think you think pig Pig racist? Zionists are the majority. I do not consider Myself pig pig racist, Z pig or racist. I'm a proud Zionist. You're a Pi Zionist Pig racist Zionist. This is who the protesters are as we'll see the Democratic party kowtows to these people.


So we've got fake joy. That means revenge. You've got fake populism that actually means elitism. And we have fake courage that actually means absolute sheer cowardness. And this is before we get to the fake sacrifice. So the biggest story of the night was the fake sacrifice of Joe Biden, in which they said that he was self-sacrificial, by which they mean they tied him up and threw him on a burning pire. We'll get to that momentarily first. If you've already been to mi racist.com and purchased your tickets for opening weekend September 13th, thank you. We're also getting messages from people saying their local theater isn't yet showing Am, I Racist. Well, here's how to fix that. Every single ticket sold right now in theaters already carrying the movie, helps push it into more theaters across the country. It's basic economics. If they see that people wanna see it, they put it in the theaters.


Matt Walsh. and the same group of white guys who absolutely dismantled leftist gender theory and What is a Woman are back this time. They're taking on the weird world of DEI. What he's uncovered is both laugh out loud, funny, and of course enraging. The response to the movie has been phenomenal so far. We can't afford to slow down. If you've got mi racist playing in a theater near you, please head on over to mi racist.com, buy your advanced tickets today. This is how we get this movie into as many theaters across America as possible. Okay, so we had the fake joy that was actually a revenge. And then we had the fake populism that was actually elitism. And then we had the fake courage that is actually cowardice. And finally we got to the main part of the show. And that was the fake sacrifice. Do you understand that Joe Biden is the most self-sacrificial man ever Hold the office of the presidency.


I mean, that is a man who has put his life on the line for public service and enriching his family for 50 years and being super duper corrupt and not wanting to leave it. And then they actually actually like shoved him into the back room. They put him in the Al Doll Matilda Chokey in there until he basically cried uncle. And then they said, okay, fine, we'll cath you up if you actually give up the nomination. But it was sacrifice. Lemme tell you, it was sacrifice. So you wonder why they got rid of Joe Biden. One reason is that Joe Biden has no idea what in the hell is going on. Here's a live shot of Joe Biden in the convention hall last night when he first arrived. Not great Bob. This is a live shot of President Joe Biden inside the convention hall. Wow.


It must be scary to constantly To get a sense of the room, to look at the crowd as she be. It's kind of randomly staring in a much Fuller capacity tonight. Now the order of the program, as she does her testing This extent, she's looking around. You can just see the grim reaper around it. He's like hiding behind this person, hiding behind that person. And Joe Biden. She's like, my goodness. And so things are going amazing. So Kamala Harris let it off. She said, you know, look at the sacrifice. It's time to pay tribute to the best president in the history of the United States, who I totally shiv directly in the gut and stole his nomination. And now I want him to leave and go to California and sleep it off on a beach until January. 'cause man, that guy's terrible. But he's amazing and sacrificial.


He's so amazing and so sacrificial. I'm gonna come out here and we're all gonna pretend that we love this old man. We love that guy. We love him so much. We love him so much, man, I can't wait till he dies. I love him so much. Here's Kamala Harris And I wanna kick us off by celebrating our incredible president, Joe Biden, Who I killed Who'll be speaking later tonight. Joe, thank you for your historic leadership, for your lifetime of service to our nation and for all you will continue to do. We are forever grateful to you all. He'll continue to do well.


The time grows short, Joe, it's gotta feel horrible to beat Joe Biden, honestly, like he deserves it. And this is my going theory of politics for the last, I don't know, 15 years, is that everyone in the end gets what they deserve. Everyone gets what they deserve. Hillary Clinton, she ran for 24 years trying to be president of the United States. And then she was, she was touted, she was the person. And then she lost to Donald Trump, a first timer who she had once endorsed for running for president on the Republican side of the aisle. She had exactly what she deserved. Barack Obama, who spent eight long years believing that he was the chosen one, a messianic figure in American politics, and that no one like Donald Trump would ever be president of the United States. And then he had to hand the keys to the White House to Donald Trump, Joe Biden, who spent his entire career only wanting to be loved, only wanting to be feted, only wanting to be celebrated.


And now they're shuffling him off and they cannot wait to get rid of him. And he has to sit there and then he has to eulogize himself. Honest to God, it's kind of awful and kind of delicious at the exact same time. So yesterday he was hanging around the DNC and somebody said, are you ready to pass the torch? And let's just say there were some internal struggles going on. Are You ready to pass the court? Yes sir. I'm, I'm, I'm by I am. He means I absolutely am. Not the entire Democratic Party are in on the act. So they're all going to pretend that he gave this up voluntarily. That he wasn't forced to put either his brain or his signature on the piece of paper, which of course is eminently untrue. The donors cut off all the money. Nancy Pelosi went to him and said, we are not going to provide you any level of support in this presidential run.


If you continue, Chuck Schumer said the same thing. He was forced out. Everyone knows he was forced out. It is publicly reported that he was forced out. In fact, as we will see, Nancy Pelosi basically admitted he was forced out. But they all are going to lie to you. They're gonna gaslight you. They're going to fib. Because remember, it's about the joy and the unity, the joy and unity of killing the old man. So you can replace him with a fresh face. Here is Chuck Schumer acting as if Joe Biden gave this thing up voluntarily. And man, this is why folks, if you believe these people you deserve whatever comes down the road politically, you deserve whatever comes next. What do you hope to hear from your friend President Joe Biden tonight? Well, what a great patriot. What an amazing Man, great patriot. He always said his number one goal was to stop Donald Trump because of Donald Trump's danger to our democracy.


And he actually, when he decided not to run, he showed what a great American he was. And what an unselfish, wonderful man he is. I've known him for 45 years. It didn't surprise me. It didn't surprise you. Are you kidding? You tried to force him out. He was clinging to that cliff by his fingernails, and you were stomping on his hand. You like, oh, what, what a self sacrifice. Ugh. Can you believe the level of sacrifice that it took for us to disembowel him? And then as he was bleeding out, he gave it up. And then we were like, wow, that was an amazing sacrifice. Joe, here's Hillary Clinton doing the same thing last night. He brought dignity, decency, and confidence back to the White House.


I like the past tense right there. 'cause he's not politically alive. And he showed what it means to be a true patriot. Thank you Joe Biden for your lifetime of service and leadership. Man, good for Joe Biden. He committed political suicide by shooting himself in the head eight times in the back of the head, and then stabbing himself in the back 27 times. Politically speaking. Wow, what an un what a what an unselfish act of total political, voluntary suicide by both shooting and hanging himself politically. Like really, truly amazing stuff there.


God, these people are such liars. They're such liars. They did it right in front of you. They did it right in front of you. This is the OJ Simpson, if I did it, of American politics. Like they're there with the bloody gloves on their hands. Like, well man, Nicole sure committed suicide. It was real awkward to be there. But let me tell you, I mean, sure my hands were on her throat and I was like stabbing her at the time. But let me tell you my, like, it was crazy. It was a crazy suicidal situation. Oh my God. Okay, so finally they trot out the Biden family and the Biden family has to try to make it clear that they did. They, they wanted this, they wanted, they did. They wanted It. It's so bad. They really want, they didn't want this.


And this is really pathetic. It's really, really pathetic. So Dr. Joe Biden, the actual president of the United States, she had to go out there and, you know, points for the, for the Communist party level, fey to the party. Truly, it is an amazing thing. As I said earlier in the week, it's 1984 is the very end of the book. And finally, they have learned to love Big Brother. They've finally come into consonance with the will of the party. And that's the important thing. So Joe comes out and she endorses Kamala Harris. Now, very few people in America hate Kamala Harris more than Joe Biden. It's been widely reported. Joe Biden despises Kamala Harris, actually for a good reason. It's like the only thing I agree with. Joe Biden on Joe. Biden thinks that Kamala Harris is terrible because she had suggested that Joe Biden was a racist, and that Joe Biden would've tried to stop her from going to a desegregated school when he was a kid by not endorsing force busing and all this.


So Kamala is hated by Joe, but Joe has to go out there and hand the baton to a person. She despises Joe. And I know Kamala, we have seen her courage, her determination, and her leadership up close. Kamala and Tim, you will win. And then she says, you know, the reason why Joe stepped down is 'cause he dug deep into his soul. Oh, is that I I was, I was pretty sure that it was the knife dug deep into his innards. Here we go. And weeks ago when I saw him dig deep into his soul goodness and decide to no longer seek reelection and endorse Kamala Harris.


Wow. That's what happened, guys. I mean, sure you watched it happen in real time, but it never happened. It never happened. Okay, so then Ashley Biden, one of Biden's kids comes out. At least they didn't have Hunter speak, that would've been really weird. But they had Ashley come out and speak and say that he's the most consequential leader ever in the history of the American Republic. Yes, in in reverse order of importance, it goes Abraham Lincoln who held the union together, George Washington, who founded the Union, and number two, and coming in at number one is the really, really old guy who won a fluke election, proceeded to blow 40 year inflation into the economy, set the world on fire, and then be forced into retirement by his own party. 'cause he was such a terrible candidate.


So consequential here is Ashley Biden. Dad always told me that I was no better than anybody else and nobody was better than me. He taught me that everyone deserves a fair shot and that we shouldn't leave anyone behind. That's what you learn from a fighter who has been underestimated his entire life. When I look at Dad, I see grace, strength, and humility. I see one of the most consequential leaders ever in history. Ever, ever. It's like Winston Churchill and Joe Biden. Listen, it could have been worse. She could have read sections of her diary or something up there.


Okay, we're gonna get to Joe Biden's awful speech last night. So he comes on air at 11:30 PM Eastern Time. If they could have pushed him to November 6th, they would have, they were like, we don't want anyone seeing this guy. We don't want him, we don't want him here. We don't want him seen. Which is why immediately afterward, they shoveled him back into the crypt and then took that crypt and shoved it into the belly of Air Force One and shipped him off to California. So finally onto Joe. See we're doing this, I don't know, 45, 47 minutes into this show at this point. But that's nothing because they forced Joe Biden, he start speaking at 11:30 PM Now remember Joe Biden's daily schedule is he is shut down by 8:00 PM So by the time they got to 11:30 PM Joe Biden was physically dead, they had to put him in the back room and take out the shock paddles and made the shock him back into life.


And he went out there looking like that. And it was not great, Bob. It was really, really not great. So he comes out and the crowd starts chanting, thank you Joe. And what they mean by thank you, Joe, is thank you so much for leaving. Thank you so much for going away. Here we go. That was my daughter. Yeah, it was. How about your granddaughter? You still don't acknowledge her. So that's, that's, yeah. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you Joe for leaving. Thank you. Thank you for going away Away. He has never been more popular than when he never been more popular than when he gave it up.


He's a hysterical person. I I I love that. I do love it. I I love that they're all like, thank you Joe for going away. Thank you Joe for going and dying somewhere. Not here. Get out. It, it's pretty great. It's pretty great by the way. I'm, I'm totally gonna do that at dinner parties. Like, if I want someone to leave, I'm just gonna walk up to em and be like, thank you Bob. Be like, for what? Like for, thank you Bob. Thank you. Bob. Is Alex shoving. It's just amazing. It's just, and it's what he so richly deserves. What a what a corrupt, terrible person. Hey. So in his speech, he suggests democracy has prevailed by democracy has prevailed. He means that he won every single primary vote and then he was shoved out of his nomination for a lady who won zero primary votes, which is how we do democracy, typically is where there's no voting, obviously.


And where you're just to plant one candidate for another. Sounds like democracy has triumph, Joe, A grateful heart. Oh, I stand before you now on this August night to report that democracy has prevailed. Yeah. By showing, showing me the door. By Democracy, we love it. Democracy has delivered. No one voted for Hama. Democracy must be preserved. And then he started rehashing his terrible Philadelphia speech in which he declared that half the country were traitors to the country. Then he started bragging about his record and he was like, we did an amazing job. Which is why You can't wait to open this trap door underneath me and feed me the crocodiles.


Ah, I made a commitment to you that I be a president for all Americans. Yeah. Fail Whether you voted for me or not. We have done that. Studies show the major bills we have passed, actually delivered more to red states than blue because the job of the president is delivered to all of America. Okay? It'll be okay too. 'cause of you, and I'm not exaggerating, because of you, we've had one of the most extraordinary four years of progress ever.


Period. Well, that's why you are going to lose to Donald Trump until they legitimately offed you. Okay? But it wouldn't be a complete Joe Biden speech without recapitulating. The very fine people hoax. Okay? This has been debunked now by everyone including Snopes. This lie that Donald Trump said back in 2017 that there were very fine people not on both sides of the Confederate statue controversy. Very fine people who are white supremacists. Donald Trump never said that. He condemned the neo-Nazis. He condemned the white supremacists. They've been running on this crap ever since. But what's amazing about this particular speech is that Joe Biden recapitulates the very fine people hoax, and in almost the next breath, he then says that the neo-Nazi pro kamas outside have a great point.


The anti-Semite, they're inside the house they're calling from within the Democratic party house here, here is, here is here's Joe Biden once again doing the very fine people hoax. Senator was asked what he thought had happened. Donald Trump said, and I quote, there are very fine people on both sides. My God, Mar, that's what he said. He's lying. That is not what he said. That Is what he said and what he meant. He, he's, he's a liar. It's not true. But you know who just said that? There are very fine people on both sides. Joe Biden, and here he's talking about the terrorist group, Hamas. And he's talking about the Israelis. He's talking about the people who are setting up 10 to Faah outside the convention center and calling for Hamas and Hezbollah actual terrorist groups to win, and who are calling Jews, pigs.


Those people have a point, says Joe Biden. By the way, this was not in his script. It was not in his script. He literally went off script to say this Few days ago. I put forward a proposal that brought us closer to doing that than we've done since October 7th. We're working around the clock, my Secretary of State to prevent a wider war and reunite hostages to their families and surge humanitarian health and food assistance into Gaza now to, in the civilian suffering of the Palestinian people. And finally, finally, finally deliver a cease firing in this war, Pounding the podium end this war.


Kamas is rejecting the cease fire. Kamas is stealing the humanitarian aid, but he has to please the kamas. Those pro those protestors out in the street. They have a point. A lot of innocent people are being killed. And both sides, What a trashy human being, truly trashy. At no point does he say, and the Palestinians who are being killed. That's because Hamas launched the worst terror attack on Jews since World War II refuses to surrender and is currently holding babies hostage. You wanna talk about somebody who does a very fine people on both sides. You Joe Biden because his party is filled with either morally corrupt human beings or cowards, or both truly pathetic stuff.


He spoke for 48 minutes last night, just kept going and going. The ongoing battle of Joe Biden with the teleprompter that continued, he committed last night to strengthening illegal immigration, which is exciting. Kalin, I are committed to strengthening legal immigration. I, I'm, I'm glad that he's ready to strengthen illegal immigration. That's great. So he went on and on and on and on. He broke after midnight. It was quite terrible. And then he left out because Democrats don't want to see him ever again. Ever, ever again. Now he's still the sitting president of the United States. That's the part that's hilarious. Somebody should ask Kamala Harris why she thinks that Joe Biden is fit to be president of the United States. She is the vice president of the United States. She could invoke the 25th Amendment at any time. She could take over his office.


She will not do so. Why does she believe that the protestors have a very fine point? What does she believe? No one's ever gonna ask her that question. We're on day 31 of nobody asking her that question. But again, it's all lies top to bottom. Thoroughgoing lies, lies and lies and more lies. And it was perfectly obvious to anyone who has half a brain. The whole, he's a self-sacrificial man, just leaving on his own time. It, it's a lie. It's not true. He's not leaving because he wants to leave. He's leaving because he was forced out is point. Chris Wallace made correctly last night. The word that everybody is using to describe tonight is bittersweet. It's just bitter. The fact of the matter, I'm not saying Joe, Biden is bitter, but you know, it's like you've been thrown out a window and as you're falling, you go, gee, it's nice out here.


No, he got thrown out of, of a window and, and basically he was forced, you know, there's gonna be a lot of talk tonight about how generous it was of him to, and, and, and selfless of him. He was basically forced out by Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries. That is right. Nancy Pelosi basically admitted as much last night. She was on CNN. And she's like, well, I mean, I didn't force him out, but I kind of forced him out kinda a little bit. But he's very historic, very, very historic. And that's why, why he had to die. Have you talked to him? Is my Only question. I think what I have to do, right? He made the decision for the country. My concern was not about the president, it was about his campaign.


Hmm. She forced him out. Oh, how sad. Oh, how sad. Okay, so Joe, Biden gets what he deserves. He gets shoved off the stage unceremoniously. But the bigger story is the lies and the lies are gonna continue all this week. They're gonna continue all this week and for the rest of the campaign. So are you dumb enough to believe them? Or are you going to see through the foe joy and actually take a look at what is happening in the world? At some point, perhaps it might behoove people to think, what would a Kamala Harris presidency look like? That seems to me the most important question in this election cycle already coming up. We'll get into a quick preview of what's happening night two of the awful DNC. If you're not a member, become member.


Use Coach Shapiro. Checkout for two months for Ann, all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Those Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper. Undercover, racist. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certifications. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this field, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument.


America is racist to its bones. So inherently, yes, This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? They don't say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. Just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. They gonna sell you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


I am one of many Americans who bought a gun within the last year. Well, I get to the range as much as I can. I usually go with my wife and sometimes we put it off because the guns are really loud for her and sometimes the recoil is a lot for her. And sometimes the recoil can be uncomfortable. Fortunately, this doesn't have to be the case. There's a single accessory that will make going to the range a lot more enjoyable. Silencers make shooting significantly quieter and cut out a lot of that recoil and concussion. But obtaining a silencer can be a pain in the neck. There's a ton of paperwork and red tape involved. Fortunately, my friends over at Silencer Shop are here to help. They make getting silencers super simple. Silencer Shop has helped more American gun owners get suppressors than anyone else because they make the process so much easier than anyone else. They offer the largest selection of top brand silencers and their dedicated team will help you find the perfect fit for your firearm. They handle the hard part. They'll help you submit all your paperwork. You can get your suppressor from the comfort of your home@silencershop.com slash shapiro. These guys really know what they're doing. They're huge advocates of your Second Amendment rights. Silencer Shop doesn't just support your Second Amendment rights. They fight for them. They spend a lot of time and money aggressively lobbying, fighting lawsuits, and supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation across the nation. You gotta check 'em out. Go to silencer shop.com/shapiro. Let Silencer shop help you make your guns better. That silencer shop.com/shapiro


Our. friends over at Legacy Box offer a simple and safe solution for digitizing all your memories. Do, you know where that old box of home movies is. Have you checked to make sure it isn't in an environment that's too hot or too damp? All of that old media breaks down over time, and if not preserved, will be lost forever. But with legacy boxes save your tape sale. you can easily access those memories and protect them forever for only $9. a tape The process is Simple Load, Legacy Box with your old tapes, films, and pictures, and then their team professionally digitizes everything by hand Right here in the USA. You'll get everything back on a thumb drive or cloud ready to watch, along with your originals, With Legacy Box, you don't have to worry about your grandparents' wedding photos getting destroyed in storage or that videotape of your child's first haircut. Getting Overheated Legacy Box allows you to store all those precious memories for generations to come. Don't let the summers heat age your videotapes and film reels or fade your photos. Visit Legacybox dot com slash DailyWire to shop their $9 tape sale. That's Legacybox dot com slash DailyWire to unlock this incredible offer.