Amazon (0s):
With Prime, you can get all your last minute gifts from luxury perfume for your mar to a nose, hair trimmer, for par to matching outfits with your Chihuahua to karaoke machines. For your La Lalas Fast delivery on last minute gifts, it's on prime.

Daily Wire (16s):
Alrighty folks. You saw it here. Donald Trump pulled off the greatest comeback in the history of politics. Sealing him is the 47th President of the United States of America. There has never been a better time to join us as we fight the left and build the future. Join us right now at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe with code Trump for 47% off. Hey, what other code would we use?

1 (36s):
So I'm gonna start today's show by just saying Bar Hashem. Okay? For those who don't speak Hebrew, that just means thank God, blessed is God because truly, thank you God. Seriously. Thank you God. The country's gonna be way better off. The world is gonna be way better off. And see, hears the thing God spared Donald Trump's life during this election cycle. Now, look, I know a lot of our listeners may not be big on the God. They may not believe in God, but I have to say it sometimes is pretty damn difficult not to see his hand moving in history. And God's hand was clearly on Donald Trump when Donald Trump turned his head 20 degrees and avoided having his brains blown out live on national television.

1 (1m 17s):
And here's the thing. God spared Donald Trump's life for a reason. I don't know God's reasons. You don't know God's reasons, but he's making his hand pretty damned apparent to anyone who is willing to watch. Now listen, I'll admit it. I have questioned some of God's writing decisions on this particular season of Trump. We had not won, but two assassination attempts. The feeble and elderly president actually going like Brain dead live on national tv, the replacement candidate being a professional five star word salad chef, her picking not the popular democratic governor of a swing state, but a nut job who has a clear physical relationship with Gumby Tony Hinchcliffe eating the Dougs Peanut. Seriously, God, what's going on with the writing this season?

1 (1m 57s):
It's like the last season of Game of Thrones. But boy, oh boy, can God stick the landing season finale of Trump, season eight. Unbelievable. So good, 10 out of 10 would watch again, will download for the plane, best season of Trump ever. But I actually wanna talk seriously about the meaning of this election. And let's begin with the man who won this election and is the 47th President of the United States. Donald John Trump. Last night on the air, I got into an interesting discussion with Skeletor impersonator, Andrew Klavin. The conversation was about Trump and what made him different from other Republicans.

1 (2m 37s):
Donald Trump, as I pointed out, has actually run this race as a moderate Republican positionally. He's been to the left of Mitt Romney on a wide variety of issues. So it wasn't that Trump is super different in terms of policy. He's not some sort of throwback to a rock rib conservatism. That's not actually what happened here. What makes Donald Trump different is that he, as a human, was built for this moment. Now, there have been a lot of biblical comparisons for President Trump. Many people point out that King David had some pretty serious personal flaws, but he was beloved of God. He also happened to write Psalms, but I have a biblical comparison, I think is better, Noah. So in the book of Genesis, the flood is coming and God finds a man who can build an arc. A man who is as God puts it in the Bible, Sadik Tam.

1 (3m 21s):
So I get a little Hebrew lingo for you there. That means a righteous man complete in his generation, like full in his generation. Now, commentators on the Bible argue over what this means. If you say that he was good, and if he was full in his generation, does that mean he was especially good 'cause he was in a bad generation? Or is it The other thing, what many commentators say that Noah, in any other generation would've been a normie? He'd just been a normal person. But in this generation, he was built for his time. It was a bad generation, and he was a complete man, A man in full for his time. That's Donald Trump. Donald Trump is built for this time. Donald Trump has absorbed more punishment than any politician in modern history. No exaggeration, not close twice, impeached four times indicted, find tens of millions of dollars for nonsense, almost shot in the head, then almost shot in the head again.

1 (4m 14s):
And listen, we all know what the iconic image of Donald Trump is, the one that's gonna go down in the history books. It is not going to be him McDonald's, as awesome as that was, or him driving the garbage truck, as hilarious as that was, or the mugshot, or even him coming down the golden escalator. It is this particular photo, I want you to look at this particular photo. This photo is everything. This is why Donald Trump is the most important man of our age. Because what this photo is, is courage in the face of danger. It is defiance in the face of assault. It is the American flag floating in the background. Cheesy onic, patriotic symbol of the world's most kick country. That's Donald Trump. He's ish tamim. He was built for this time.

1 (4m 56s):
He was built for a time when America has to stare down its enemies abroad and tell them that, as Trump once said to me, we might have to bomb outta them. But also a time when Hardnosed business negotiations can yield international peace, which is what happened last time. He was built for a time when America has to choose between a future of economic dynamism and innovation or one of stagnation and decline. He was built for a time in which America had to choose between the power of treating each other as individuals. And I gotta tell you, I've seen Donald Trump do it. No one treats people as individuals more than Donald Trump, really truly no one on earth or treating people as members of oppressor or oppressed classes. Yes, Donald Trump has tons of flaws, tons of, so did Noah check out the chapters that happened right after the flood gets a little weird.

1 (5m 39s):
But when the flood is coming, you need a man who bucks the strictures of a corrupt generation and builds the boat. And Donald Trump builds the boat. America's not only gonna survive the storms, America is going to rebuild once the waters recede. And the waters are now. Thank you, God, beginning to recede these times. This generation requires a middle finger. Donald Trump is and always was, that middle finger. Donald Trump has compared himself to a lot of different presidents, Washington and Jackson and Lincoln, and McKinley. The man he actually most represents is another New Yorker, A gist, self-confident, bordering on pompous, audacious President Teddy Roosevelt, who was tr who said this in 1910. Quote, it is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.

1 (6m 24s):
The credit belongs to the man who's actually in the arena, whose faces marred by dust and sweat and blood who strives valiantly, who airs, who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming. But who does actually strive to do the deeds? Who knows great enthusiasms of the great devotions who spends himself in a worthy cause, who at the best knows in the end, the triumph of high achievement. And who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor to defeat. That's Donald Trump. Now, let's flip the coin. Let's turn to the person who lost this race, Kamala Harris. Here's the thing about Kamala Harris, nothing, literally nothing.

1 (7m 6s):
She was not joy. She was not brat. She was not a good candidate. She was not intelligent, she was not articulate, she was nothing. She has always been nothing. She has never won a single vote in her entire career outside the blue, blue, blue state of California. She has never truly been subjected to the rigors of a serious public examination. She is just a hologram. She's a creation of a party machinery. She's an empty vessel. And here's the thing that was totally apparent. Every single time she opened her mouth, no amount of celebrity glitter could cover up that innate emptiness, which means that Kamala Harris losing isn't about Kamala. And no, it's not really about Joe Biden either that corpse in the Oval Office.

1 (7m 49s):
It's about the entire corrupt machine to which Donald Trump and the American people just threw out a double barrelled FU. So let's talk about that machine for a moment. That machine says that it rude America is inherently racist, sexist, homophobic, Islamophobic, that cities burning is just part of the bargain of coming to grips with our own innate evil. As Tim Walls and his wife said that smelling the tires is just part of being an American. That what America needs is an Intifada revolution. That the story of America is one of a corrupt and evil nation requiring the harsh hand of liberal elites at the top of government to correct them into the harness of of equity. This machine that says that American innovation is bad, it's a problem because it's exploitative.

1 (8m 31s):
And that the job of the government is to create equality of outcome, to relieve people of the burden of responsibility and virtue. And instead, hand out some government checks that families are little torture chambers filled with nasty hackneyed values. And that churches are repositories of cruelty rather than community. That every human being is basically in the end, just a set of free floating feelings. And it's the job of a cloistered elite to legitimize those feelings such that boys can even be girls through the grace of government. And your kids have to be taught that the machine that says that American power on the world stage is somehow bad for the world, and that our enemies basically have it right? The machine that touts the virtue of spoiled brats on college campuses who shout about the evils of America, well, tweeting from their iPhones, the machine that manufactures narratives that are lies overtly false through the most powerful media mechanisms in human history, and then unsatisfied when you won't listen to them, tries to crack down on those who disagree.

1 (9m 24s):
The machine that lies to you and lies to you and lies to you about the economy, about foreign policy, about Joe Biden, about Kamala Harris, about social policy, about America, about the nature of reality itself. Because if you'll by the lie, then maybe you'll go along with the program that was the machine that lost last night. That machine is ugly, it is hideous, and it deserves to die. And last night, that machine died. That's what election 2024 was about. In the end, it was about a return to wait for it. Normalcy. You feel more normal this morning. You know, a couple of weeks ago I did a debate with Sam Harris about Trump versus Kamala. And Sam kept saying over and over and over that Donald Trump wasn't normal, and somehow Kamala was, and I'm sure Sam meant it.

1 (10m 8s):
What he meant by that is that Trump says weird things and exaggerates and bloviate and bss. But what I said to Sam was this, when people say they want a return to normality, they don't mean politics as usual. Because for most people in this era, politics as usual is snafu situation, normal, all effed up. What Americans are looking for is actual true normalcy. They wanna take care of their families, they wanna build wealth, they wanna go to church, they wanna get along with their fellow Americans, and they want to dream of big things together. You know what they like? They like football and they like marriage, and they like kids, and they like Elon Musk's rockets, and they like truckers and they like church bakeoffs. They want normal.

1 (10m 49s):
And they've been put in the midst of a flood generation where nothing is normal, where corruption fills the earth. The only thing that has come to seem normal is that when the water levels rise slowly enough, it feels as though you've always been in water up to your neck. But that's not normal. We want normal. This election was the revenge of normal. Donald Trump is the instrument of that revenge. So is JD Vance. So are Elon and Joe Rogan. And yes, we here at the DailyWire, we want normal because normal is the American dream. And sometimes you know what? It takes a man with a golden escalator and a wild hairdo and a cartoonish speaking cadence and more personal courage and toughness.

1 (11m 31s):
And yes, patriotism. I know patriotism, yes. The American flag. Yes, apple pie. Yes. Motherhood than any of his enemies to make normal, to make America great again.

Churchill Mortgage (11m 44s):
Okay, in just one second, we're gonna break down how everything went in this election because boy oh boy, we'll get to more on this in a second. But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory, and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news, conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. And mls, ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1 7 4 9, Mallory Lane, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.

1 (12m 59s):
So let's talk first about the data. So here is the election map as it currently stands, the election map as it currently stands. As you can see, this election map does not show Arizona or Nevada in Trump's category, but Trump has those locked up. It also does not show Michigan in Trump's category. Trump has that locked up as well, okay? Which means that Donald TRUMP WINS the election, and it is not a particularly close election In the end by the electoral college vote, he's also going to win the popular vote. So yesterday, not to tout my own clairvoyance, but my map looks exactly like the actual map, except I went a little further and said, he wins New Hampshire. He didn't win New Hampshire, he won everything else.

1 (13m 39s):
I said he was going to win. He's going to finish up this election title with 312 electoral votes compared to Democrats 2 26. But that's not actually the chart of the evening. The chart of the evening is this one courtesy of the New York Times, okay? This is what they call the red shift map. Okay? The red shift map from the New York Times is the most stunning electoral map that I have seen in any election in recent memory. Look at this map, okay? The red arrow means counties in which it went more Republican than in 2020 versus counties where it went more Democrat than in 2020. Do you see this? The entire country went more red, the entire country.

1 (14m 22s):
This was a radical rebuke of Biden Harris. It was a radical rebuke of the Democratic Party, A brutal radical rebuke. And it's in every single category in the New York Times, breaks it down by counties type urban counties, okay? Trump, urban areas. Those counties, Trump shifted toward Trump by 5.2 points. Suburban shifted toward Trump, 4.3 points less than 50% white shifted to Trump. Toward Trump by 6.9 points, over 25% Hispanic shift to Trump by almost 10 points. Okay? Hispanics are the big they, they are the big story of the election.

1 (15m 4s):
Just we're talking demographically, we're gonna look at the exit polls in just a moment. They are shocking. Large population, young age, 18 to 34 shifts to Trump, 5.6 points, large age, 65 plus population shifts toward Trump, 4.9 points. You cannot find a single area in 2020 that Joe Biden won, where she did better than he did. She underperformed Joe Biden radically. Not a little radically. Okay? Meanwhile, if you take a look at the exit polling, I'm looking at the exit polling right now. The exit polling here is astounding.

1 (15m 44s):
Truly astounding. Okay? So the exit polling, this is from NBC News, the breakdown of the key states, okay? These are, this is across the key states and not nationally. This is just the key states. It's an aggregation of the swing states across it. It includes Ohio, it includes Texas. Okay? So here is the breakdown down men. 54, 44 Trump women. 54. 44 Kamala. So an absolutely even gender split white voters, 55, 43 for Trump, black voters, 86, 12 for Kamala Harris. That's not a good number for her. She needed to be.

1 (16m 24s):
Well, up into the nineties, what happened? Well, as you'll see in a moment, the answer was black men happened to her Hispanic Latino. And this one just boggles the minds. It boggles the minds. You know why? Because again, Democrats think of people as members of ethnic groups. They do not think of them as individuals with hopes, dreams, and aspirations. I spent a couple nights, right before the election, I was with Ted Cruz in the Rio Grande Valley, totally Hispanic area of the country, okay? And those people, you know what they wanted? A closed border. You know what they wanted? They wanted opportunity, a pathway to make wealth, you know, what they wanted for their churches to be left alone. During this election cycle, I traveled all over the damn place. I went to Ohio with Bernie Moreno.

1 (17m 4s):
I went to Texas with Ted Cruz. I went to Wisconsin with Eric hdi. I went to Pennsylvania with, with Dave McCormick. I went to Nevada with Sam Brown. I was all over the place and truly all over the place. And you know what I found? What I found is that Americans of all creeds, ethnicities, colors, you know what they wanted? The same things. The American dream. That's what they wanted. When I went to northern Ohio, super white, northern Ohio with Bernie Moreno, they wanted exactly the same things as super Hispanic Rio Grande Valley. When I was campaigning with Ted Cruz, Hispanic Latino votes, 53, 45, Kamala Harris, 45% of Latino votes to Donald Trump exit polling from Michigan last night showed Donald Trump outright winning Hispanic voters in the state of Michigan, 60 to 35.

1 (17m 55s):
Those are insane numbers. They're insane numbers. Why? Because it turns out, once again, once again, and for all people who sort of suggest that America is demographically destined for particular shores, that is not true. The American dream can be true in every heart, so long as people Americanize. And turns out, we have a really good history in this country of Americanizing. People who come here legally, we do. Asian Americans went for Kamala Harris, 56 to 38 and other, it's about 3%, 53 to 43. By the way, for those who are wondering about the Jewish vote, the Jewish vote is gonna clock in around 40% for Donald Trump. That is the biggest number for Jews, for Republicans, since Ronald Reagan in 1980, after the horrific Carter administration.

1 (18m 38s):
How about by sex? By race, white men, 59 39 for Donald Trump. White women, 52, 47 for Donald Trump, black men, 78, 20 for Kamala, 20% of black men in key states voted for Donald Trump. That is a massive ground shift. Latino men, a majority of Latino men, voted for Donald Trump, 54 to 44. Not a little majority, a big majority. 37% of Latino women voted for Donald Trump. How about younger voters? Voters 18 to 29 in the key states. According to NBC News, 42% of them voted for Donald Trump compared to only 55% of them for Kamala Harris.

1 (19m 23s):
And as for voters in the 65 Rover category, they basically split 'em down the middle. So the idea that the future definitely belongs to Democrats, not seeing a lot of evidence of that at this point, age by gender, young men, men 18 to 29, 49, 47, Harris dead, even basically, even women, 18 to 29, she won 63% of those women. But 36% voted in favor of Donald Trump. This is the broadest, most diverse coalition Republicans have had in my lifetime. And that is not just because Donald Trump's unique character, although he certainly is. That is because the Democrats are off their meds and they've been off their meds for quite a while.

1 (20m 5s):
And that is perfectly obvious. You wanna know how you get a reaction like this by going off your damned meds. That's how you go that that's how you get this. You get so high on your own Obama era supply that you cannot connect with the American people anymore. You've just lost it. Now, the Wall Street Journal had a breakdown of some of the biggest points here. Hey, again, when it comes to the Senate races, McCormick is, is going to prevail over Bob Casey. Eric Huffy is still locked in a super tight battle with Tammy Baldwin in Wisconsin. Unclear who wins there. Mike Rogers locked in a super tight battle in Michigan with Alyssa Lakin. Elise Lakin rather, Bernie Moreno has beaten she brown in Ohio.

1 (20m 45s):
Tim Sheehy has beaten John Tester in Montana. And Sam Brown looks like he's got the advantage against Jackie Rosen in Nevada. That means that Republicans are very, very likely to end the evening with somewhere between 53 and 54 seats minimum. Okay? That is a durable Senate majority in this day and age. Okay? This is a, it's a sweeping victory for Donald Trump. It's a sweeping victory for the Republican party. And so now we have to get into the real winners and losers of this election cycle, because there are some big winners and there is some big losers. So big winners of the election cycle, obviously President Trump, obviously President Trump.

1 (21m 25s):
And we talked to the top about President Trump can't say enough about him in terms of his personal durability, in terms of what he's willing to go through. And in terms of his unique appeal to the American body politic, it turns out that being incredibly famous and incredibly popular before he run for president is a real asset. And Donald Trump has a unique thing, which is he's always Donald Trump. Donald Trump is he's, he's not. He's not ever not Donald Trump. I've seen Donald Trump in multiple, I've seen him meet hostage families. I've seen him meet donors. I've seen Donald Trump on stage. I've seen him off stage. I've seen him in private meetings. I've seen him public meetings. Donald Trump is the same everywhere. He is perfectly authentic. And he authentically the 47th president of the United States. Thank God, other big winners last night got a shout one out to my man, Joe Biden.

1 (22m 10s):
Slow clap from my boy, Joe Biden. Woo. Joe Biden, somewhere. He's walking down a beach into wane to meet up with Donald Trump. Because here's the reality. Ain't nobody in America who wanted Kamala Harris to lose more than Joseph Robinette Biden. He wanted Kamala Harris to go down in flames. He's getting his final dream, Joe Biden, right now.

3 (22m 35s):
What if the answers to life's most profound questions have been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson gathers nine brilliant minds from renowned scholars to vocal skeptics in an effort to unlock the mysteries of the Bible that still captivate humanity from ancient wisdom to modern day doubt. Each bring their unique voice to this contentious conversation about faith, truth, and the growing chaos that threatens to tear our world apart. Join them as Peterson guides, this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential texts. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently.

1 (23m 21s):
Okay? So back to our winners and losers. Big winner number one, obviously President Trump, big winner. Number two, Joe Biden. That dude had himself the best evening last night. Because here's your story. If you're Joe Biden, you're the only person who's ever beat Donald Trump. You are. You beat Donald Trump in 2020, and then they said you needed to leave. You were too old, you had to go. So they shiv you in the middle of the night and tossed your body off the back of the train. And there you are, lying, bleeding, and you are whispering to Barack Obama. She's too flawed.

4 (23m 48s):
She's gonna lose. We should have stuck with,

1 (23m 53s):
But it was too late. It was too late. And so if you are Joe Biden, your greatest wish was for Kamala Harris to lose. You wanted her to lose. Now, I'm not saying that purposefully, Joe Biden called Half American's garbage, just so she'd lose. But it is a little weird. See, the thing is, if Joe Biden is just the guy who is a transitional president to Kamala Harris, then she is the historic first female president, and he's just a white guy between Barack Obama and Kamala Harris. That's how history treats him. But if he's the only person who is able to stand up to the scourge of Donald Trump, and then he was unfairly deposed after his historic presidency by a cabal of backstabbing insurrectionists, then he gets to be a victim the rest of his life.

1 (24m 33s):
He gets to keep claiming he would've beaten Trump no matter what, even clearly, if he, if he would not have. So Joe Biden big winner last night. So clap. Yeah, cheers. Applause for Joe Biden. Really, really well done. I don't think it was a coincidence that Jill Biden wore a red suit to vote yesterday. Another big winner last night. Elon Musk. Okay, so you know what I think of Elon. I think Elon is great. I think Elon is not only a historic figure. I think he's a world historic figure. His optimism about technology, about the nature of human beings, about the necessity for more human beings, about innovation, about entrepreneurship is awesome. It's just awesome stuff. It's great. And Elon Musk put everything on the line here because the Democrats were already making noises.

1 (25m 15s):
His head was on the chopping block. If Donald Trump lost, and everyone knew it, Rachel Maddow was calling for him to lose all government contracts, despite the fact that he's still running the only truly efficient space program in the world right now. You know, they, they were talking about going after starlink, Elon Musk as a point of principle, he didn't have to do this. He's the richest man on earth. He didn't have to do anything, put himself out there on behalf of Donald Trump, freed up free speech on X by buying it, simply 'cause he was pissed off at a joke that that the Babylon B was banned for. And then he proceeded to sink millions of his own dollars into a get out the vote effort on behalf of Donald Trump. He wins.

1 (25m 55s):
He wins. Big Elon American hero, other winners, Joe Rogan, okay, Joe Rogan, and frankly, my entire alternative media industry. So listen, Joe is the granddaddy of saw when it comes to the podcasting industry. Joe Rogan not only endorsed Donald Trump, him having on Donald Trump and JD Vance in the late stages of the campaign, reminded people that these are authentic humans. And it's Kamala Harris' fault that she couldn't go on Joe Rogan. That is totally her fault. You wanna know why you couldn't reach over to Bros Kamala? The reason that you couldn't reach out to Bros is because it turns out you wouldn't even talk to bros. You don't understand bros. But Joe Rogan does. And he was ashamed for this, and he was hit with whips and scourges for the great sin of talking to the bros.

1 (26m 36s):
And guess what? The bros had their revenge last night. And I like Joe personally, I'm friends with Joe personally. Joe has stood up to a lot of bull crap over the course of the last five, 10 years. Congratulations to Joe Rogan, who put himself out there when he didn't have to. And congratulations to us as an extension. All of us in the Conservative, don't wanna pat ourselves on the back, but some of us work pretty damned hard in this election cycle against the Kamala Harris Democratic Party machine. Some of us saying hundreds of thousands of our own dollars into, say, flying across the country to campaign with various Republican Senate candidates. And then spent pretty much every working hour trying to figure out ways to ensure that they would not regain power after inauguration day.

1 (27m 17s):
And so, you know, the alternative media worked. We countered the narrative. We did it. And frankly, you should subscribe because we did that. I mean, you should join us. I know you already, many of you already are. I know you are fighting too. Other winners, the Trump machine, you know, shout out to Susie Wiles, Chris Las Avita, Charlie Kirk, Don Jr. The whole Trump team. A lot of people were skeptical. Sometimes I was skeptical because you know, from the outside, sometimes it looks like chaos. When you win, you win. And I gotta say, this was a much more disciplined Trump campaign than 2020 way, way, way more disciplined. And when it comes to, you know, people like Scott Presler, turning people out, you know, making sure that that people actually get to the polls, you know, congrats to all those folks.

1 (28m 1s):
Okay, now time for our big Losers of the Evening. So, big losers of the evening, obviously Kamala Harris, man, oh man, was the empty vessel. Shattered. Kamala Harris was never joy. She was never brat, she was never nothing. She was terrible in her first iteration as progressive senator running for president. She was terrible in her second iteration as vice president. And she was awful in her third iteration as presidential candidate. She's toast. She'll not be missed. No one's gonna remember her. No one cares about her. People can't wait for her to get outta here fast enough, Joe Biden may have been right. It would better off leaving the dead old man in place just to avoid what just happened. Okay, big loser. Number two, Barack Obama.

1 (28m 42s):
Barack Obama has been the shadow government of the Democratic Party since he left office. It's been his people in the Biden administration. It was Barack Obama who backed Joe Biden in the 2020 race. It was Barack Obama who helped pick Kamala Harris for VP in the 2020 race. It was Barack Obama who put his thumb on the scale in favor of Kamala Harris to replace Joe Biden. It was Barack and Michelle Obama who are out campaigning and lecturing black men that they must be a bunch of sexists if they didn't vote for Kamala Harris. And as it turns out, Barack Obama is capable of generating popularity for one person and one person only. His name is Barack Obama. Other than that Barack Obama, who tore apart the country for his own personal glorification in 2012, and what I felt was the most ugly election of my lifetime, truly ripping apart a person who is of good character like MIT Romney, just to gain power and ripping apart the country in the process, Barack Obama has been chastised by the American people twice by Donald Trump, and he deserves it.

1 (29m 34s):
No one could more richly deserve it than Barack Obama, who sees at least half the country as bitter clingers who clinging to God and guns and xenophobia because they disagree with him up there on Mount Olympus at Jack, yeah. Other losers, the big universities. So you decided you wanted to define policy for an entire political party. How's that working out for you gang? It turns out that if you let all the moronic college students and administrators at Columbia University dictate your party platform, people don't like it very much. In fact, the only demographic that Kamala Harris did well with were college educated white women. That was pretty much it. That was like the whole thing. That's the only place where she seemed to overperform major education gap.

1 (30m 15s):
That is not because smarter people voted for Kamala. That is because more indoctrinated people voted for Kamala Harris, people who speak the lingo, who are part of the virtue signaling club. But here is the problem that does not confer wisdom. As my friend Dennis Prager likes to say, the major universities have been churning out good little apparatus for a very long time. Good little activists and the federal government's been subsidizing them. Joe Biden was trying to subsidize them to the tunes of tens of billions of dollars. And, and I'd just like to point out at this point, you followed the universities down that primrose path to hell. You deserve every bit of this Democratic party and universities, you know what's coming. You know what's coming under Donald Trump. There ain't gonna be no student loan bailout. There're gonna be investigations into your violations of the Civil Rights Act.

1 (30m 56s):
There're gonna be investigations into your violations of the equal protection clause. Get ready. It's coming. And there should be. You've been violating them willy-nilly for decades. Finally, finally, the biggest losers of all are friends over in the legacy media. You mucks, you truly, every narrative you trotted out was a fail. Your credibility is in the toilet. It is irre recoverable. It is broken beyond all recognition. You did it, not us. All we did is we pointed out what you were doing. You did it yourselves. We didn't even have to do it. You did it. You tried out narrative. But Donald Trump was Hitler and it was nonsense. It's always been nonsense.

1 (31m 37s):
You know what Hitler doesn't do? Go for an October 7th event with me to the grave of Rabbi aka Mendel schon to meet with hostage families. That's not what Hitler does. That is, you know what Hitler doesn't do when 45% of the Hispanic vote. That's not something that Hitler tends to do. You schmucks you saying that, that Joe Biden was perfectly well, and anybody who doubted it was engaging in cheap fakes then proclaiming that Kamala Harris was brats and joy and that Tim Walls wasn't some weirdo goofball people saying that JD Vans the most normy higher office candidate since Mitt Romney is somehow an emissary of Bizarreness.

1 (32m 17s):
While you tried out Sam Briton, a man who dresses up as a woman and steals luggage as your example of what American masculinity ought to look like. You idiots. You've destroyed yourselves. And the only thing that you could think to do was not change your direction. The only thing you could think to do was to then try to cudgel social media into doing your bidding. Well, guess what? It ain't gonna work. It's over. It's o you, Don. Don't get me wrong. The New York Times will still exist. The Washington, these places will continue to exist. There are institutions, but, but your credibility gone toast. Goodbye. See you later. Irre recoverable. Unless you change directions, unless you figure it out on just a second, I'm gonna get to Donald Trump's victory speech.

1 (33m 1s):
And you know what that means? It's beginning around here to smell, actually smell like victory.

Daily Wire (33m 8s):
Behold this here, he smells like victory. The Churchill, we like Winston Churchill here at the DailyWire. This right here is the DailyWire Churchill smells like victory candle. Behold, behold, in the great words of Winston Churchill, victory at all costs victory in spite of all terror. Victory, however long and hard the road may be for without victory, there is no survival. Yes, this, this candle was my idea. I do love Winston Churchill. And also I love victory. Not tired of winning yet, not tired of it in the slightest lighting, a candle, a votive candle for Kamala Harris'. Hopes and dreams. At this point in time, this new candle, which smells like heaven, is available exclusively on the candle club with 20% off right now in honor of this historic victory. You see that V right there? The V for victory. Oh yeah. Go to the candle club.com to shop my collection today. That does smell delightful.

The Daily Wire (34m 11s):
Also, you may have heard last night some things happened. Donald Trump pulled off the greatest political comeback in his story, becoming the 47th president of the United States of America. We told you we'd cover the election from start to finish, and we delivered. Boy did we deliver. But more importantly, you delivered, you showed up to vote, you did the thing, guys, you, America, you did the thing. You made your voice heard. You made this victory possible. Listen, we have big battles ahead, but we've proven time and time and time again, just like last night, when we fight, we win. If you're not a member yet, now is the moment. Join the fight, join us. It's been awesome so far. It's getting even better. It's just going, it's getting better from here. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code Trump for 47% off. Yes, that's right. Code Trump for 47% off. 47% off for our 47th president of the United States. Yeah, they, we. Yeah. Don't miss out. Join us at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe with code Trump,

1 (35m 9s):
speaking of which, Trump came out very late last night, and, and he gave his victory speech. It was like two o'clock in the morning, central times like three o'clock in the morning. Eastern time is when he actually gave the speech. And it was delightful. It was delightful. I mean, he, he, he gets out there and the, and one of the first things he says is what I've said here today. God spared his life for a reason. That is so, it's just true. It's just true. I'm sorry you can't watch that video. I said it the day it happened. You can't watch the video of him turn his head this much and the bullet graze his ear and not think this man's life is being spared for a reason. It just is. Here's Trump saying it.

5 (35m 47s):
Many people have told me that God spared my life for a reason. And that reason was to save our country and to restore America to greatness. And now we are going to fulfill that mission together. We're gonna fulfill that mission.

1 (36m 9s):
Love it, love it, love it, love it. Okay then Donald Trump said he has an unprecedented and powerful mandate. And that is true. This is, this is the first rep. He's gonna win the popular vote, guys. That means he's the first Republican president to win the popular vote and the electoral college since George W. Bush in 2004, which is now 20 years ago. Here's Donald Trump.

5 (36m 30s):
I hope that you're gonna be looking back someday and say, that was one of the truly important moments of my life when I voted for this group of people beyond the president, this group of great people. America has given us an unprecedented and powerful mandate. We have taken back control of the Senate. Wow, that's good.

1 (36m 60s):
So good. Hey, Donald Trump then said a couple of things that I, I I particularly loved. And, and honestly, it was all, it was all wonderful. It was all joyous. It last night was just a great night. It was just a great night. So President Trump went out of his way. The, the crowd started chanting for Elon, which they should. 'cause again, I'm a fan boy. Elon's awesome. So Trump praises Elon and he says something that's so important, like it's a throwaway line, but it's not a throwaway line at all. Here was Trump praising Elon Musk.

5 (37m 27s):
You have something called starlink. Is that right? Yes, I do. What the hell is it? He said it's a communication system that's very good. And I said, Elon, they need it really, really badly in North Carolina. Can you get it? He had that there so fast. It was incredible. So, and it was great. It saved a lot of lives. He saved a lot of lives. But he's a character. He is a special guy. He is a super genius. We have to protect our geniuses. We don't have that many of them. We have to protect our super geniuses.

1 (37m 57s):
We have to protect our geniuses. Okay? It's a throw away funny line. It's not a throwaway funny line. You know who creates innovation? The real innovation. People who are smart people who innovate, and a country worth its all does have to protect those people. It does have to incentivize those people. Otherwise, you get what's called a brain drain because it turns out smart people can leave. This is what China's currently facing. China has to enforce basically a crackdown on anybody who's smart in the country. So they don't just get the hell out when Trump says, we need to incentivize, we need to protect our geniuses. He is right. That is a good thing, an actively good thing. You want a thriving economy. You want innovation for the future. You want better and cooler stuff. Protect your geniuses. Okay? Then there was this, so Donald Trump, obviously RFK Junior signed on to the Trump campaign and it made some difference because, you know, the margins are big enough in, in many of these states.

1 (38m 45s):
But it's not like Trump won by 800,000 votes in, in Pennsylvania. He's gonna end up winning the state by 120, 140,000 votes. So it makes a big difference. But he's talking to RFK and he likes a lot of RFKs agenda. Make America healthy again and all that. But then he drops this because here's the thing, Trump is practical. Trump likes to win. He does not like to lose. So here he was saying to RFK, don't touch the oil buddy. Don't touch it. Don't go there,

5 (39m 9s):
Bobby. Leave the oil to me. We have more liquid gold oil and gas. We have more liquid gold in any country in the world, more than Saudi Arabia. We have more than Russia. Bobby, stay away from the liquid gold. Other than that, go have a good time, Bobby.

1 (39m 32s):
Love it. Love it. Okay, so Kamala Harris has yet to concede. Last night it was obvious she had lost. It was perfectly obvious, right? I had declared in the studio that she had lost about midnight, about midnight. It was perfectly obvious central time that she had lost the election because Pennsylvania was trending away from her. Michigan was trending away from her, Wisconsin was trending away from her. There was no real path. It was over. Well, it got to about two 30 in the morning and she still had not conceded. In fact, as we are, as we are speaking right now, she still has not actually conceded the race officially. Cedric Richmond, her co-chair, actually got out there last night and told everybody to go home.

8 (40m 10s):
We still have votes to count. We still have states that have not been called yet. We will continue overnight to fight to make sure that every vote is counted, that every voice has spoken. So you won't hear from the vice president tonight, but you will hear from her tomorrow. She will be back here tomorrow to address not only the U family, not only to address her supporters, but to address the nation.

1 (40m 47s):
Okay? So she sends out Cedric Richmond, she runs away, she's deep in the wine by now. Obviously, I would just like you to imagine the media hysteria, if the same situation were reversed. If she had won and Trump at almost noon the next day, Eastern Times still had not called to concede. Apparently she's expected to speak at 4:00 PM Eastern. And we'll call Trump right before that to concede. But pretty amazing, amazing stuff, obviously. Okay, well now we get to the most pleasurable part of this. For those of us who like sch stride and Freud the tears. So all night, we are having trouble with the plumbing in this, in this office because the amount of water it was basically flooded.

1 (41m 28s):
The, the, the, just the sheer quantity of leftist tears that were just randomly overflowing. I mean, we have lots of these hanging around our offices, like hundreds or thousands of them hanging around here. And like every single one of them was magically pouring forth extraordinary quantities of tears, of leftist tears. And boy, the tears are coming there, coming fast. So our friend Chen weger over at, over at Young Turks, he let off the evening with a a typically well calibrated emotional response.

10 (42m 3s):
They're lying to you. Why do you think they keep losing? You think, oh, they keep telling you how smart they are and how they're gonna deliver you victories. And all they ever do is deliver loss after loss, after loss. So democratic voters snap out of it. These guys are obvious liars. Fire them all. Fire them all. And if you don't, okay, then keep losing to buffoons, to obvious con men like Donald Trump keep losing and losing and losing and never figuring it out. Here. I solved it for you. I figured it out. It's a goddamn corruption. All the stupid donor money, all it's ever done is lead to more losses.

10 (42m 45s):
So if you don't fire them, you have no one to blame but yourself,

1 (42m 49s):
You know, means he, at least Chen is delivering his I at the right target, the Democratic Party. Meanwhile, the full scale TikTok meltdowns are upon us. Here is just a one Kamala supporter having a full scale mental breakdown.

11 (43m 3s):
We may not, I have rights tomorrow. So I'm going to bed with the last minute thing that, that I have left. We fought a good fight. And if it turns out that, you know, shit flips, you know, great hell yeah. But right now I'm just not, I can't deal with this right now.

1 (43m 31s):
Her life is not gonna change one iota. Just, just gonna point that out. It's actually just gonna get better. 'cause she'll have better economy and no wars here. Here's another one. You know, we have, we have plenty where that came from. Again, the, the tears are just, oh, they, they overflow with, here's some more crying from Kamala supporters. Lot of tears.

12 (43m 47s):
Alright guys, it's time to go to bed. None of us are stressed about the election, right? It's all, we all aren't gonna just go have the best night, the best night's sleep of our lives, aren't we?

1 (44m 2s):
Would you like some more? Because I have more. Go for it guys. More, more, more, more.

13 (44m 9s):
I hate to be the person that gets on here and cries, but this could, this could break me and my parents apart because they just don't understand what they voted for and like what it means, and the bigotry and hatred that they stand behind. And how I like, am trying to be a good person. I'm not Catholic like they are. Which is ironic because, because it's like religion's supposed to make you love. But I could see it like breaking me and my parents apart because they just don't get it and they don't get that they voted

1 (44m 52s):
For. So maybe may we can, I don't need more of her. I don't need more of her suffering. My friends, I'm too kindhearted. But I I will say maybe her parents are the correct ones. I know this is something that, that actually young people should think about. What if your parents are right? What, what if they are, you know, it turns out ki like respect for your father and mother in, in the Bible, one of the 10 commandments that we've forgotten about. We been, we've gotten many of them. That that's a big one. What if that one happens to be mostly right? Just gonna put that one out there. Meanwhile, in the more mainstream legacy media we have broken into just a few different categories. We've got full scale fall. We've got, we've got fo full scale denial. Full scale denial.

1 (45m 33s):
So Mika Brozinsky was in full scale denial last night. She says that not only did Kamala Harris run a solid campaign, she ran the best campaign. She is just, she still is Brad and Joy. She's Brad. Now, people ask me last night on the broadcast, what, what were democrats gonna do? What were the media gonna do? Who are they gonna blame In 2016, they blamed the Russians and Facebook and they blamed Trump for being a Russian cat bar or something. So who are they gonna blame this time? And I said, they're gonna blame America. That's where this is going. Get ready for it. Because that's the corollary. If Kamala is the best you got and you still lose, maybe, maybe it's 'cause you're wrong and you hate a lot of Americans. Here's Mika Brozinsky saying that Kamala is brat joy wonder.

14 (46m 13s):
I just wanna say a word about Kamala Harris, the vice president, because she really put herself out there over the past few months at great risk in peril to herself and her family. She was thrown into the deep end of the pool politically and hit all her marks and then some and showed up for America, pushing back against negative forces from all sides. And from those you couldn't even see the ones we were just talking about. It's really difficult to describe what she, what she did, what she tried to do, and the history that she did made make, I'm very grateful for, and perhaps we will learn from it. So I'm, I'm very grateful for the effort and I think we'll be asking a lot of questions right about ourselves and about the nature of how this all played out.

1 (47m 3s):
But just remember, she was wonderful. Joy Reed, who is so filled with joy. I mean, it just, it it runs off of her in waves. The joy from Joy Reed so well named. She says that Kamala actually, it, she just read a flawless campaign like a beautiful bright diamond, completely flawless top grade.

15 (47m 23s):
Nothing that was true yesterday about how flawlessly this campaign was run is not true. Now, I mean, this really was an historic flawlessly run campaign. She had Queen Latifah never endorses anyone. She came out and endorsed, you know, I mean she had every prominent celebrity voice. She had the, she had the, the Taylor Swifty, she had the swifties, she had the beehive. Like you could not have run a better campaign in that short period of time. And I think that's still true.

1 (47m 52s):
Just so magical. So magical. So first it was denial, but the corollary of denial. If she's so great, why did she lose? And that brings us to the actual place Democrats are likely to land, and this is political suicide. What they're about to do, they're engaging. We need a wellness check on the Democrats. What they're doing right now is political, suicide. They're gonna blame Americans. They're gonna say, the problem was not our candidate. The problem was not our machine. The problem is that Americans suck. So Jill Philip Povich, who writes about women's rights, US politics and foreign affairs quote, in the coming days, there's gonna be a lot of opining about what the Harris campaign did wrong. But the selection was not an indictment of Kamala Harris. It was an indictment of America.

1 (48m 33s):
You, you, you garbage, you, you did this, you garbage people with your garbage. Or how about Nicole Hannah Jones, one of the most privileged beneficiaries of the American system, given the fact that she has no actual skillset and lies for a living, and yet has been made rich and famous by those things, she put out an entire tweet threat. I won't read the whole thing because she's a terrible writer and a liar, but she says, quote, we must not dilute ourselves in this moment. Multiracial democracy in the United States is less than 60 years old. It has always been contested, often violently. So it has always been fragile since this nation's inception. Large swaths of white Americans, including white women, have claimed a belief in democracy while actually enforcing a white ethno in the face of shifting demographics where white Americans will lose their numeric majority.

1 (49m 17s):
We see a growing embrace of autocracy to keep the legitimate rulers of this country in power. History teaches us that we are in a fragile moment. So I'm just gonna point out right now that Donald Trump won 45% of the Hispanic vote and 20% of the black male vote and has most multi-racial, multi-ethnic Republican coalition in modern American history. But it doesn't matter 'cause they're just gonna keep doubling down on this. Americans you suck, you are bad. This is their program. Martina Nara Tova, the tennis player. What? Well, Trump won. Fear and anger won A country that was born is a racist. Patriarchy proved beyond any reasonable doubt. It is still a racist.

1 (49m 58s):
Patriarchy says the incredibly rich and famous lesbian, female tennis player.

Silencer Shop (50m 4s):
It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends it's silencers shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.

1 (51m 5s):
But we have to return to our friend, joy Reed and all of her joy here. She is blaming Americans. You knew it was coming. You I did anyway because I'm good at this.

15 (51m 14s):
You know, if they didn't make their numbers and essentially exceed the numbers that Joe Biden had in the suburbs, and I think we have to be blunt about why black voters came through for Kamala Harris. White women voters did not. Hmm. That is what it appears happened in that state.

1 (51m 32s):
Okay? But that's not true. That's not actually true. Black voters showed up in lower numbers for Kamala Harris. She actually underperformed Joe Biden with black voters. So yeah, that's not true. But again, remember it's you whitey, you white Americans, you, you, you, it's you. How about Jonathan Capehart over at the Washington Post and Ms. NBC? He says, I, I just wanna know, have Americans given up onto my, I love, I love this kind of talk. I love, it's like music to my sweet, music to my ears. Donald TRUMP WINS the popular vote in the electoral college and they're like, maybe the Americans gave up on democracy. They just voted just not for you. What happened last night was democracy. You dumb it. Here we go.

16 (52m 13s):
I can't help but wonder if the American people have given up on democracy simply because of what he, what he's told us what he wants to do, simply because of what the Supreme Court decided in terms of immunity. I mean, he has said he will go, he wants to go after his political enemies.

7 (52m 32s):
Oh

1 (52m 33s):
My God, these people but keep doing it. You know what? Keep doing please. More, more. Keep doing it. I want them to run this campaign until the end of time. Please keep doing this. Keep doing this until the American people get tired of clocking you in the head. 'cause that's what happened last night. How about David Axelrod? Why did she lose? Wait for a wait, for a wait for it. It's because all you Americans, particularly you black men as well as you Hispanics racist, here's David Axelrod white dude telling you about how all you diverse peoples who voted for Donald Trump, all you Jews, all you Hispanics, all you black people, just a little, all you white women who voted in favor of Donald Trump. A little bit sexist too.

1 (53m 15s):
Let this white man tell you, let a man explain this one to you. Here we go.

17 (53m 20s):
Let's be honest about this. Okay? Let's be absolutely blunt about it. There were appeals to racism in this campaign, and there is racial bias in this country, and there is sexism in this country. And anybody who thinks that that did not in any way impact on the outcome of this race is wrong.

1 (53m 38s):
Keep doing it. Keep doing it. Keep it up, do it. Al Sharpton, a man who is one of the worst racial conflagration in modern American history. Who's he blaming? He's blaming black and Hispanic men. Do it, man. Keep it up. Keep it up. Blame the American people. Do it. Do it.

18 (53m 57s):
What do you think pushed that? Especially with hi, the Hispanic voters going for Donald Trump as much as they did. 'cause that made a big difference.

19 (54m 6s):
I think that a lot of it was he was able to sell a lot of Hispanic voters. That immigration was a threat to them. That some of the people coming across the border was a threat to them. I think that we've gotta be honest among Hispanic men and black men, there's a lot of misogyny. And I think that we've got to deal with the reality that he appealed to this whole false macho thing that some black men and some macho Latino men went for.

1 (54m 39s):
So yeah, Al Sharpton, you black and Hispanic men, you misogynist, you misogynist John King doing the same thing on scene. I can do this all day. 'cause this is the whole thing. It's, it's you, you, you, bad Americans, you, and then finally it's just bitterness and panic. That's the other reaction. Just bitterness and panic. Here's the headline from the New York Times. Trump storms back, storms back. Now ki I kinda like it, but if it were Kamala Harris would be Kamala Harris elected in historic American moment. Kamala Harris, historic mo ha So heroic A new age, dawns Donald Trump. It's Trump's storms back New York Times headline. His win opens an era of uncertainty for the opens.

1 (55m 21s):
An era of uncertainty. Where you been New York Times, New York Times America hires a strong man. Are are we, are we talking about the same Donald Trump, the one who deregulated that one? Are we talking about the one who didn't have foreign wars and the one who was not cracking down on social media and the one who is not prosecuting his political opponents? That guy? Is that the, that that's the one we're talking about. Right? But here are Joe Scarborough and Jonathan Lame over at M-S-N-B-C in full scale meltdown panic mode.

18 (55m 49s):
What explains it to you? Well, I, I, I think would, what do you like me to say? I do you wanna say it? Well, if she, if she were a six foot four white man from, from Arkansas or from, you know, Florida, and she ran a good middle of the road campaign talking about reaching out, do you think she would be losing by that much? I, I think she, if she could like chew tobacco and carry a shotgun and talk about football and, and, and be a guy's guy. I mean, you tell me

1 (56m 19s):
What happened here. What happened. Jen Zaki, former White House press secretary for Joe Biden, she ripped into Trump as well.

20 (56m 26s):
For so many of you watching right now, that news is to say the least, a lot to digest. I understand that personally, after he lost four years ago, he refused to accept the outcome and incited a violent insurrection on our nation's capital. He's campaigned while facing criminal indictments related to his efforts to overturn the 2020 results. And he's run as a convicted felon during this campaign. He has also promised to essentially be an authoritarian leader to use power like no American president ever has before and wield that power to go after his political enemies. This is a man who's also bragged about overturning Roe v Wade and stripping away women's bodily autonomy.

20 (57m 10s):
He's promised to conduct mass

1 (57m 12s):
Harder to crack down harder, cry harder, harder cry, harder propaganda, cry harder do it. So what actually is Donald Trump gonna do? Well, I mean, the market spiked this morning. So there was that like the, the market's open, the market spiked. And that is because of course everybody knows the economy is gonna be way better under Donald Trump. In fact, the markets jumped from the Dow Jones Industrial jumped from an open at 42, 8 50 all the way up to 43, 4 75. So it went like 600, 700 point Trump right at market open. So, you know, not bad. It turns out people kinda optimistic about a Donald Trump presidency. Can't imagine why. Maybe it's all the deregulation and tax cuts that are on their way. Maybe it's the fact that actually Donald Trump knows kind of how to run a business and a bunch of people around him have run businesses.

1 (57m 54s):
Maybe it's that, or maybe it's the fact that Donald Trump's actually gonna reinstate all of his border policies, remain in Mexico, gonna go right back in place. We are going to get a revision of the asylum rule. So you actually have to show evidence that you are here claiming asylum before you are simply allowed into the country. There'll be a lot of stuff that changes on the border. Maybe it's that foreign policy is going to get a lot more solid that he's gonna appoint a bunch of fantastic people to his foreign policy team. I mean, I can tell you this, obviously, as you all know, got a lot of friends in Israel with all the being Jewish and all people over there are just as ecstatic, if not more so than most of the Republicans that I know in the United States. Donald Trump's favorability, ravings ratings in the state of Israel are like 85% like super duper high.

1 (58m 39s):
Bibi Netanyahu for his part called him up even before News outlet began to call the election in his favor. And in the English language statement, he said, congratulations on history's greatest comeback. Your historic returns to the White House offers a new beginning for America and a powerful recommitment to the great alliance between Israel and America. This is a huge victory and he is not wrong. By the way, for the record, Vladi Zelensky called up to congratulate Trump. He also put out a statement quote, congratulations to Donald Trump on his impressive, impressive election victory. I recall our great meeting with President Trump back in September when we discussed in detail the Ukraine US strategic partnership, the victory plan, and ways to put an end to Russian aggression against Ukraine. And he said he admires Trump's commitment to peace through strength.

1 (59m 22s):
The world's about to get a lot quieter. A lot quieter, because guess what? People are scared of Donald Trump and they should be the Supreme Court. It is worth remembering at this point that Justice John Roberts is 69 years old, that Clarence Thomas is 76 years old, that Samuel Alito is 74 years old before Donald Trump leaves office. He will be appointing justices who are much younger to take those slots and a whole slate of conservative justices across the country, young conservative justice judges across all of these, all of these places. Deregulation is coming. Things are going to get better. Your life is going to get better. So here's the question for Democrats. Where do they go next? Where do Democrats go next?

1 (1h 0m 3s):
Well, I have some bad news for where Democrats go. Next, I wanna show you a map. This should scare the living daylights outta Democrats. So if you don't like how the electoral college is going for you right now, wait a couple years. You remember that I pointed out earlier this week that if the census had been done correctly in 2020, then a bunch of red states that are not in the rust belt would have actually picked up a bunch of a bunch of electoral college votes, right? They picked up a bunch of electoral votes. Well, here is what the 2030 apportionment forecast looks like according to the American Redistricting Project. Okay? This is by 2030. Okay? If I'm reading my map correctly, what you are looking at is three electoral votes added in the great state of Florida.

1 (1h 0m 51s):
You are looking at one electoral vote added in the state of Georgia, one added in Tennessee, one added in North Carolina. That's six in deep red states. Move on over to Texas. Four added in Texas. That is now 10 in deep red states. Move over to Arizona. That's 11. Move on up to Idaho. That's 12. That's 12 electoral votes added in. Deep red states. Deep red states. And where is the loss coming from? Predominantly it's coming from the northeast, it's coming from Illinois, it's coming from California, which is gonna lose four electoral votes that those are, those are bad. That's some bad news.

1 (1h 1m 31s):
Had some bad news happening right there. Okay, so if you don't like the map now, wait until Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, all keep turning red the way that Ohio did. And people keep leaving blue areas for red areas. 'cause it turns out red states are better to live in than blue states. So if you're the Democrats, prepare for pain. Alrighty, folks, in just a second. I wanna get to what Democrats do next because they are in a state of bewilderment. If you're not a member, however, you're not gonna see it. You have to become a member. Join us. It's been an amazing ride and it's only getting better from here. Use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click the link in the description and join us.

Jack Archer (1h 2m 14s):
Hey, shopping for pants. You're not alone. Jack ER's. Jet Setter. Tech pants are basically the answer to every guy's closet struggles with their customizable fit, wrinkle free fabric sourced from Japan and all day comfort. These pans can take you from work to the weekend without missing a beat. Seriously, these might be the only pans you'll ever need. For a limited time. Get 20% off when you use Code DailyWire at jack archer.com. That's jack archer.com promo code DailyWire.