
Every day local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy Already.


Folks, tons. Coming up on today's show, the riots continue in Los Angeles over illegal immigration President Trump threatening Gavin Newsom with arrest kind of. But Gavin Newsom is loving it. And the first part of our long awaited interview with the Prime Minister of Hungary, Victor Orbin, the first man on sort of the international scene to stand up against open borders.


But first, yours dad raised you with common sense. Now give him a full year of it with Daily Wire Plus Time is running out to get 40% off a Daily Wire Plus gift membership with Code Add 40. That includes ad-free uncensored shows from the most trusted voices in conservative media, plus hit titles like AM Racist and Dr. Jordan b Peterson's new series Parenting Streaming exclusively on Daily Wire. Plus go to DailyWire dot com slash gift. Make Father's Day great again.


Well, riots continued last night in Los Angeles. The media couldn't really handle it. But one of the things that is fascinating is the mindset of the people who are doing the rioting. Because it is a conglomeration of all the usual suspects. It is in fact organized by some people who are sort of professionals. And then you have actually legal immigrants who are very angry at ice. And then you also have people who are simply showing up to take advantage of the chaos and who believe that they can stick together this intersectional coalition as a sort of agglomeration of anger against the entire system. So last night, first of all, people took advantage of the situation or loot stores. And this is a time tested, true phenomenon that happens during pretty much every riot for my entire lifetime, is people who take advantage of the fact that some are politically angry in order to grab a pair of shoes from the local Adidas store.


So here's some footage of that last night in Los Angeles. Looks like a bunch of nice folks just protesting illegal immigration by getting a new pair of shoes from Adidas. No cops anywhere inside. You can, you can hear the sirens, but these are just people by the dozens looting an Adidas store. But what is the real reason why you're seeing this sort of chaos in the streets of Los Angeles? Well, there was a, a very brilliant protestor, I think, who explained why exactly this is happening. And it's worth playing this protester's statement in full. Because if you wanna know what drives this mindset, then you really should take the time to listen to the people who are doing the rioting, who are attempting to attack police officers and ice agents.


Here's one of these protestors masked, of course, wearing sunglasses so he can't see his face. Here's what he had to say. Everybody has the same enemy from LA to Africa to Palestine to Vietnam. We all have the same enemy. That's right, one enemy. That's right. And it is not me. And it is not you. And it is not them. We are not the enemies of each other. They are the enemy. That's right. There's only one enemy. And we all have to work together in unison to fight this one enemy. That's right. Capitalism. The faster we imperialism and Zion is the more we can grow as a people and the quicker we can get to this revolution and overturn this and have real people leading this country.


Okay, you can hear his buddy there pipe in with who are the enemy? Capitalism, imperialism, Zionism, right? All, all the isms that they don't like, all the isms, like the free market that actually brought them all of their prosperity so they can waste their time in the middle of a day in Los Angeles yelling at the police into camera and quote unquote imperialism, which is presumably the reason they're standing on the soil of, you know, America. Because it turns out that the American people were not originally native to American soil. And he says, Zionism, what the hell does Zionism? The the meaning there ought to be a Jewish state in Israel. What the hell does that have to do with illegal immigration riots in Los Angeles? And the answer, of course is he's right.


It is all the same enemy. It is the system. Blame the system for all your problems and rip down the system. And it's not just this particular protester. Perhaps I would be accused of choosing a poor example. It's other protesters as well. Here's a protestor explaining why exactly he's out there. This presumably is a Mexican citizen, illegal immigrant. We don't agree with the term illegal. We're undocumented. We've been here for thousands of years before you guys showed up. Screw up everything we think we should organize together with the US working class and fight together and create a better system. We're anti-capitalist.


We think socialism does work. Real socialism, not Venezuela, not Cuba, not any of the crap that they try to sell us in socialism. And we believe it would be a more humane system that will take care of most of all people's necessities. And this protestor was, was asked for an example of what that system would look like. He said the first 40 years of the Soviet Union, you know, like the worst period of the Soviet Union like Lenin and Stalin, Soviet Union. And if you're wondering where folks are getting these ideas, why they're out in the streets, well, why don't we ask another protestor about these ideas? And, and this protestor explains well, she, she, she knows the answer to these questions because she of course is in college.


There's people dying out there. As long as you feel okay, that's all you, you know what that even means? Yes, I'm in calling Imperialism. Colonial is a person shouting at the cops while a person waves a free Palestine flag in the background. It is of course the omni cause, the scavenger, Omni cause. I have a book coming out in a couple of months, title lines and scavengers. It is about these people. It's about people who seek to only tear down the institutions and systems that benefit them, that have created whatever prosperity they have as life's losers.


Because the people who are out there protesting right now who are rioting, who are waving Mexican flags as they drive a motorcycle around a burning waymo, those people are not life's winners. Those are not the people who are destined for a long life of success and happiness. Those are deeply unhappy human beings. And some of them, as it turns out, are professional agitators. This is a point that President Trump was making yesterday. He said, the people who are causing this are in fact professionals. People that are causing the problem are professional agitators. They're insurrectionists, they're bad people. They should be in jail. Okay, now who's he talking about right there? Hilariously enough, many of the groups that are sponsoring these protests that are now turning into riots or burning cars or some violence against police and and ice agents are unions.


According to the Wall Street Journal unions, which have felt conflicted lately over how to deal with Trump found an issue this past weekend over which to confront him immigration. It came after the head of the State's biggest union was arrested here for allegedly obstructing federal agents from conducting an immigration raid. The union says he was peacefully observing David Huerta, president of Service Employees International Union California appeared in court Monday afternoon, he was released on $50,000 bail just a half mile away. His union, which represents a SUA of working class California, including nurses, janitors, security guards, organized a sprawling protest in downtown's Grand Park. Other unions declared solidarity with the SEIU and with immigrants caught up in the federal raids. Now, this is sort of fascinating because if you just think about this on a logical level, why would unions be in favor of illegal immigration?


Illegal immigration undercuts the labor base, illegal immigrants because they're not legal, are very often paid less than market wages, or certainly less than union negotiated wages. So why are unions standing up for illegal immigration? It doesn't make any sense. They're doing so at the expense of their own membership, presumably. What is the driving factor behind all of this? And again, if you go all the way back to Cesar Chavez Union organizer, he was very much against illegal immigration for specifically this reason. He felt that importing millions of people from south of the border was going to undercut the labor base in the United States. So what exactly is driving all of this? Well, the answer is that immigrants made up one third of California's labor force in 2023, according to the census data compared with 18% for the overall United States.


Some of the union's biggest organizing wins recently have been in service workplaces where undocumented immigrants often make up an outside share because according to Steve Smith, a spokesperson for the A-F-L-C-I-O quote, whether you're documented or not, you can be a member of a union. And those we represent, we vow to protect. So what's actually happening, what's actually happening is that illegal immigrants are joining unions. Private sector union membership has been on the secular decline for decades in the United States because wages have not, in fact, stagnated wages have risen on a world, on a real world purchasing power parody basis. So what exactly is the union going to do? Well, what the union's been doing is going into workplaces where people are being paid below the union wage and they're organizing illegal immigrants.


That is the reason why they're now in favor, apparently of widespread illegal immigration in the United States. Alfred Munoz, an Amer, an Amazon delivery driver, said he joined the protest Monday because Huerta and the SEIU have supported the teamster's efforts to organize his workplace. If they can support us, why can't we support them? Munoz said, I mean, that's an amazing thing. As the Wall Street Journal acknowledges, during much of the 20th century union leaders saw immigrants as a threat to their members livelihoods. But as declining manufacturing thin, their traditional base union organizers looked to other sectors for new members. LA was one of the first places where the shift took hold, starting with an SEIU campaign to organize janitorial workplaces in the 1980s.


So some of this is in fact being joined by organized efforts. Here is the National Education Association President Rebecca Pringle, who gets paid $500,000 a year mobilizing the protesters yesterday. We the people, we the people, we the people, all of Us given all Of us, have that right to life, liberty and the pursuit of justice. Okay? So I mean, first of all, you need to lower your voice. That is very loud. But second of all, why is the head of the National Education Association standing for illegal immigration are illegal immigrants allowed to teach your children in public schools?


Last I checked, the answer is no. Why? Why? Why is she out there screaming about this? And the answer again is that rigging the system on behalf of people who could not succeed in a free marketplace or a free marketplace of ideas shouting about democracy in favor of people who literally cannot vote in the democracy because they're not here legally is crazy. But that is the coalition of forces that have aligned behind mass illegal immigration in the United States. This is why the left can't let go of it, because driving the left efforts forwards is this same coalition. They cannot abandon that coalition for love or money. So what touched to all of this off the answer is the basic enforcement of immigration law.


So the media are trying to pin this on the Trump administration. Of course, that of course is no shock. They're trying to claim that the Trump administration did something horribly wrong here, deeply and horribly wrong. The Wall Street Journal has a long piece about the White House marching orders that sparked the La migrant crackdown. Well, I mean, what actually sparked the riots and the protests would be people objecting to the enforcement of law that has been ignored for as long as I have been alive. We get to more of the Democrats resisting, you know, the enforcement of federal law in a moment.


First PureTalk, my wireless company, a veteran led company believes every man and woman who has faithfully served this country deserves to proudly fly in American flag that was made in America. That's why PureTalk is on a mission to give an allegiance. Flag the highest quality American flag to 1000 US veterans in time for the patriotic holidays. Flag Day and US Army's birthday are coming up on June 14th. Independence Day comes up in July. Just switch your cell phone service to PureTalk this month. A portion of every sale will go to provide these high quality flags to deserving veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk texts and plenty of data you can enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year. I use PureTalk all the time. Use it for my business at calls. I use it for research. I'm using my coverage all the time. It's great. It costs me less money. So what exactly is the downside? Just go to PureTalk dot com slash shapiro to switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. To support veterans and to switch to America's Wireless company, PureTalk, go check them out right now. PureTalk dot com slash shapiro. That's PureTalk dot com slash shapiro.


Also, I need to make sure I'm maintaining my health, hitting the gym, spending time with my family, even with my busy work schedule. When I was younger, I used to think I could just power through on willpower and caffeine. I learned pretty quickly. Peak performance requires peak nutrition, which means eating enough veggies. That's why I'm so thankful to have Balance Of Nature, which fits right into even the busiest of days. Imagine trying to eat 31 different fruits and veggies every day. That sounds miserable and time consuming with Balance Of Nature, fruits and veggies. There's never been a more convenient dietary supplement to ensure you get a wide variety of fruits and veggies. Daily Balance Of Nature takes fruits and veggies. They freeze dry them, they turn 'em into a powder, and then they put them into a capsule. You take your fruit and veggie capsules every day, and then your body knows precisely what to do with them. It's kosher, which means I just pop 'em right into that protein smoothie and I'm good to go. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer. PLUS, get a free bottle of Fiber and Spice this Balance Of Nature dot com. Promo code Shapiro. Use their product all the time. You'll find yourself using it a lot as well. Go to Balance Of Nature dot com. Use promo code Shapiro for 35% off your first order as a preferred customer and get that free bottle of fiber and spice Balance Of Nature dot com. Promo Code Shapiro.


So Steven Miller, who's the architect of the White House's immigration policy, and Steven and I grew up about the same time in the same city. He grew up in Santa Monica and Santa Monica High. I grew up in Los Angeles at the same exact time. And so his experience was the same as everybody else living in Southern California, which was illegal. Immigrants were actually not particularly hard to find in the state of California. If you drive to your local Home Depot, you'll find many illegal immigrants who are seeking work. Now, again, that is not a lack of sympathy for the people who cross the border and try to get work at a Home Depot. If I lived south of the border and I didn't care about American law, I assume I would do the same because America is a land of opportunity, a wonderful place, a great economy, and you're probably better off there than you are in the absolute ble hole that is Mexico as run by the drug cartels.


I get it. That however, does not mean that the American people have to acquiesce to the mass migration of millions of people illegally across the southern border. So apparently in late May, Stephen Miller addressed a meeting at the headquarters of ice. The message was clear. The president who promised to deport millions of immigrants living in the country illegally wasn't pleased. The agency had better step it up. Gang members and violent criminals weren't the sole target of deportations. Federal agents needed to just go out there and arrest illegal aliens. Miller told top ice officials agents did not need to develop target lists of immigrants suspected of being in the US illegally, a longstanding practice at Miller. Instead, he directed them to Target Home Depot, where day laborers typically gather for higher or seven 11 convenience stores. Miller bet that he and a handful of agents could go out on the streets of Washington DC and arrest 30 people right away.


And he, by the way, it happens to be right about that. It is not difficult to find illegal immigrants and major cities around the country congregating in public places. Now, people on the left are very upset about this, but essentially what Miller is saying is that when it comes to illegal immigration, broken Windows theory applies is a theory by James Q. Wilson, the soc, the sociologist who found that if you go into a neighborhood, a sort of a low income neighborhood, and you start breaking car windows and those car windows never get fixed, pretty soon the entire neighborhood starts to fall apart because people see the area as free for criminality. And that's true for illegal immigration. Also, you may have sympathy for the worker who's down at Home Depot that does not actually change the math on whether a society should allow millions of people into the country.


And if you allow that to go, then pretty much anything can go. That is the point that Miller is making, and that's also the point that Tom Holman is making. He says that we're being obstructed from going into, for example, jails by state and local authorities. So if we can't arrest illegal immigrants in jail, then we'll arrest them in the community. I've said for month sanctuary cities, you don't wanna, don't want us to arrest these bad guys that you just listed 'em out. We could arrest 'em in the safety and security of the county jail, but they won't let us into jail. They release 'em into the community, which means we got sent a whole bunch of teams in the community to find this dangerous person that don't wanna be found. So sanctuary city is gonna get exactly what they don't want. More officers in the communities and more officers in work site.


We can't arrest 'em in a jail or arrest 'em in the community. Okay? So that of course, I, I don't understand why any of that is particularly controversial. Nonetheless, this has led to those widespread riots and protests and all the rest of this. So President Trump has now activated the National Guard. He's deploying an additional 2000 National Guard troops. He put out a statement quote, we made a great decision in sending the National Guard to deal with the violent instigated riots in California. If we had not done so, Los Angeles would've been completely obliterated, very incompetent. Governor Gavin, new scum and Mayor Karen Bass should be saying, thank you, Mr. President Trump. You are so wonderful. We would be nothing without you, sir. Instead, they choose to lie to the people of California And America by saying we weren't needed. And that these are peaceful protests.


Just one look at the pictures and videos of the violence and destruction tells you all you have to know, we'll always do what is needed to keep our citizens safe so we can together make America great again. Gavin Newsom for his part criticized President Trump for sending 2000 National Guard troops to la He said, the first 2000, given no food or water, only approximately 300 are deployed. The rest are sitting unused in federal buildings without orders. This isn't about public safety, it's about stroking a dangerous president's ego. What can the National Guard actually do? Well, I mean the, the National Guard is not tasked with actually going in and arresting people for illegal immigration, for example. What they actually are doing is protecting federal buildings and providing support for the people on the ground, presumably very similar to what the federal forces were doing in Portland, Oregon during the Antifa riots of 2020.


Again, the, the president has not yet invoked the Insurrection Act, which would allow for the effectuation of domestic civilian law by the military, but that is not a thing that he's doing right now. So, again, essentially these people are there in a sort of support capacity. 700 Marines are also going to be sent to assist in Los Angeles. Expected to arrive over the course of today. According to a US official President Trump said, I think we have a very well under control. I think it would've been a very bad situation. It was heading in the wrong direction, but now it's headed in the right direction. So the LAPD chief for his part to McDonald, he said, the arrival of federal military forces in LA absent clear coordination presents a significant logistical and operational challenge for those of us charged with safeguarding the city.


The LAPD has decades of experience managing large scale public demonstrations. We remain confident in our ability to do so professionally and effectively. Here should open and continuous lines of communication between all agencies to prevent confusion, avoid escalation, and ensure a coordinated, lawful, and orderly response during this critical time. Okay? Now again, I would take that a little more seriously. If I hadn't lived in Los Angeles in 2020, when LAPD was basically told to stand down and allow rioters to burn down large swaths of the city, burn cop cars in a line on Melrose Avenue, hit every foot locker within a 30 mile radius in California's priorities are just screwed up in the end. They're just screwed up. Here's Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass watching her city burn for the second time in the course of about a year here.


Here she was saying, we stand with the illegal immigrants. I want the people of Los Angeles to know that we stand with all Angelenos, no matter where you were born. The first Amendment right gives you the ability, again, to protest peacefully. Okay, so there she is saying she stands with illegal immigrants. Well, I mean, that would be the problem right there. You fostered a massive violation of federal law in the city of Los Angeles. Now the federal government is doing its job and they're the problem. No, that is not the case. Local and state authorities have been the problem for a very long time in California. But here is LA American and Bass saying, if it weren't for those darn federal authorities enforcing federal law, none of this would've happened.


I just have to say that if you dial back time and go to Friday, if immigration raids had not happened here, we would not have the disorder that went on last night. I will tell you that it is peaceful now, but we do not know where and when the next raids will be. That is the concern because people in this city have a rapid ants network. If they see ice, they go out and they protest. And so it's just a recipe for pandemonium that is completely unnecessary. Nothing was happening here. Los Angeles was peaceful before Friday. Well, you could have effectuated or helped to effectuate federal law.


You could have done that. There are many cities across the country that do, but you guys have resisted that for literally decades. Again, I used to live in Los, I grew up in Los Angeles when I grew up in Los Angeles. It was a very nice place to grow up. It was, it was a beautiful city. There were real problems in the city, but they seem to be on the road to being fixed. And then circa 20 10, 20 11, 20 12, essentially the Democrats running the state decided they were no longer going to enforce law under any circumstances. You had prisoners being released onto the streets by Governor Jerry Brown, and then you had the continuous California effort to import illegal immigrants at scale and refused to enforce federal law. By the time we left, California had become increasingly lawless.


Los Angeles in particular had become a domain of the lawless, the LAPD, wildly outnumbered barred from actually doing their jobs. But according to the LA Mayor, everything was hunky Dorian until Friday. Which is weird because again, there's a reason I left. There's a reason that my parents left. There's a reason that our company left Los Angeles. This was not a coincidence. She's so out of touch. She says that these protests, they, they, they're just protests that got a little unruly, you know, unruly, right? Like a, like a small child in preschool, unruly. The night before this action was taken, there was a protest that got a little unruly late at night. It was a hundred people, 27 people were arrested. There wasn't a reason for this.


That is the concern. Oh, you know, everything was, everything was fine. So she was asked about the idea that she was outta touch. I mean, at least for this one, she wasn't in Ghana. I mean, I guess you can say that for LA Mayor Karen Bass. Remember, this lady was actively considered as a possible VP candidate with Joe Biden in 2020. That is the caliber of people the Democratic Party is producing. Now, here is, here is LA Mayor Karen Bass being shown a poll from CBS News from just a week ago, showing that 54% of Americans approve of President Trump's program to deport illegal immigrants. Only 46% disapproved. She's asked if she's out of touch. She's like, no, me out of touch. How do you do fellow kids? Well, I think if you did the polling in Los Angeles, I'm not sure it would be that way, considering we are a city of immigrants and then people might approve that policy.


But do people really approve the federal government coming in and seizing power from a state and from a city? So I drill down a little further on that poll because I do not believe that Americans support the federal intervention in a city takeover or state takeover. I mean, I have a question. How is that seizing power from the city? It is not seizing power from the city to enforce federal law. That's literally the job of the federal government is to enforce federal law. But again, it's not just LA Mayor Karen Bass. It is also LA County supervisor Janis Hanh. The Hanh family has been a, a mainstay in LA politics. Again, for as long as I've been alive. Jim Hanh was an LA County supervisor as well. Here she was saying she blames Trump of all people.


For all of this. I totally blame the Trump administration for provoking this. The way they have come in indiscriminately going after hardworking residents of LA County, many of them in the cities that I represent on the county Board of Supervisors is inhumane. Ah, it's inhumane. Okay? But it's not just Janice Hahn, an LA mayor, Karen Bass. It is also Pro Riot Congresswoman Maxine Waters. I say Pro Riot because she literally justified the LA riots as the LA uprising for years. She of course, used pretty confrontational language, as you'll recall during the Black Lives Matter riots as well.


But she's saying everything is fine. Well, I was surprised at the way that the police chief was describing all of this. There had been no violence where anybody that was protesting hit anybody, shot anybody, threatening anybody. It's nothing has happened. Nothing has happened. According to Maxine Waters, we should probably believe her. Well, folks, in a moment, we'll get to the perspective arrest of the California governor. First.


Antisemitism is obviously on the rise around the world. Sadly, that's happening in the United States as well. Jewish schools and synagogues are being threatened. I can tell you on a personal level, the amount of money that my synagogue and my kid's school has spent on security is extraordinary. Jewish Americans targeted on the streets of Colorado and dc. It's something many of us hoped we would never see again in our lifetime. Well, this is a good moment to take a stand. That's why I wanna tell you about the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews or IFCJ. They're on the front lines providing real help where it's needed most. They're giving food and shelter to Jewish families under threat building bomb shelters for children, helping survivors rebuild their lives. They don't just respond to crises. They work every day to prevent it. IFCJ is doing an amazing amount in Israel. There's still a bunch of people who are displaced in Israel. There are a lot of people up in the North actually, like where the Dru are in Syria. IFCJ been giving aid to Syrian Druze, not just Israeli Jews. To learn more about the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews in their lifesaving work in Israel and around the world, go to Bend for the fellowship.org. That's bend for the fellowship.org. Thank you and God bless.


Also, this month, tax Network, USA proudly celebrates our nation's birthday honoring freedom, resilience, and Financial Independence to Mark Vacation. They're offering 10% off all services through July fourth. Whether you're dealing with back taxes or whether you miss the April 15th deadline, don't wait. The IRS is rapidly stepping up. Enforcement penalties can add up quickly, up to 5% per month, maxing out at 25% of your total tax bill just for not filing. That's on top of what you already owe. But there's good news Tax Network. USA can still help you turn things around, whether you're self-employed, run a business, or your books are a complete mess. Their team knows how to cut through the chaos and find solutions that work. Your consultation is always free. Getting ahead of the problem right now could help you avoid harsh penalties, wage garnishments, or surprise bank levies. Take the first step. Call 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro. And don't forget, you'll get 10% off all services through July fourth as part of their celebration of our nation's birthday. Regain control of your finances with expert help from Tax Network USA. Again, go check them out right now. Call 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro and get 10% off all services through July fourth.


Well, the person who's trying to make the most political hay out of the situation is of course, failed California Governor Gavin Newsom. So Californians, some of them tried to recall him just a couple of years ago. It failed because California has apparently chosen the form of its disruptor. And it is this weirdly Botox Ken doll of a governor here he was yesterday doing the, where's your decency, Mr. President again? This line is getting real old. The have you no decency line that goes all the way back to the McCarthy era. Have you? No decency, have you? No decency. Governor, you've now presided over the burning down of half your state, the uptick in criminality, the lower economic growth, the higher taxes, and now illegal immigration riots in LA and and you're questioning the pre's decency.


I mean, where's your decency, Mr. President, stop rescind this order. It's illegal and unconstitutional. And I said it, I'll say it again. It's immoral. You're creating the conditions that you claim you're solving and you're not. And you're putting real people's lives at risk. This is a serious moment and it requires serious leadership. And it's time for you to be a commander in chief for the United States of America. He's so awful. Gavin Newso so awful. My favorite thing about this clip, for those who can't see it, is that he breaks the fourth wall. So typically when you're doing an interview, you speak to the person who's interviewing you. You don't kind of swivel into camera and starts speaking directly into camera. That's what he does during an interview. And he speaking with the reporter, and then he just swivels right into the camera and starts speaking with deliberate hand motions into the camera.


Because that is a dude who desperately wants to be president of the United States, and he is putting his focus where it ought to be. He says that the state of California is suing President Trump. Yes, that's right. It's time for California to sue the President for enforcing federal law and providing further National Guard forces in a support role. Quote new, we are suing Donald Trump. This is a manufactured crisis. He's creating fear and terror to take over a state militia and violate the US Constitution. He doesn't vi that. That's not a violation of the US Constitution. He has the power to do what he's doing. The illegal order he signed could allow him to send the military into any state he wishes. Well, I mean, no, there would have to be some violent unrest.


There would presumably have to be some basis for him to invoke Title 10. Every governor redder blue, should reject this outrageous overreach. There's a lot of hyperbole out there. This isn't that. This is an unmistakable step toward authoritarianism that threatens the foundation of our republic. We cannot let it stand. Yes, nothing says authoritarianism, quite like activating the National Guard to shut down people who are burning Waymo cars while flying Mexican flags on top of them. And that cl clearly that's a threat to democracy. What we really need is a more lawless country. Well, Tom Holman, the borders are, he said, listen, Gavin Newsom hasn't violated the law yet, but if Gavin Newsom actually violates the law by say, facilitating illegal immigration, then sure we'll arrest him.


They got the right to protest. But they can't cross that line. They can't impede our enforcement efforts. They can't put hands on our officers. They can't knowingly harbor and conceal illegal aliens from us. I said, so if they cross that line, then we prosecuted. And the question was, well how about Mayor Bass and Governor Newsom? Well, if they cross that line, I says, they'll be prosecuted too. Haven't they said for the last four years. No one's above the law. They cross the line. We'll seek prosecution. Okay, well, Gavin Newsom was very upset about this. First of all, president Trump never wanted to miss an opportunity to troll, decided to troll Gavin Newsom. So he said, yeah, sure. I mean, if Tom wants to arrest Newsom, I'm all for it. Let's arrest him. Gavin. Gavin Newsom is not being arrested. Okay, that that's, that's silly.


He's not going to be arrested. That's ridiculous. This is all trolley. Gavin Newsom is trolling Trump. Trump is trolling. Newsom Holman is trolling newsom. All of this could have been avoided. If you know, for decades we'd actually enforced our immigration laws. I know what a crazy idea. Here's President Trump saying, well, you know, if Tom wants to arrest him, maybe we should. Why not? Gavin Newsom is, he's daring. Tom Holman become an arrester. Should he do it? I would do it if I were Tom, I think it's great. Gavin likes to publicity, but I think it would be a great thing. He's done a terrible job. Look, he's, I like Gavin and he is a nice guy, but he's grossly incompetent.


Everybody knows. All you have to do is look at the little railroad he is building. It's about a hundred times over budget. We're putting a flag pole over there under budget. I always do. Under what? Okay, then Trump was asked at a later press conference, why would you arrest him? Like on what grounds and troll master gun troll. I think his primarily primary crime is running for governor. 'cause he is done such a bad job. What he's done to that state is like what Biden did to this country. And that's pretty bad. Okay. Gavin Newsom for his part responded by saying, fine, arrest me. Let's go. I'm like the Rosa Parks of middle-aged white people.


Here we go. The fear, the horror, the hell is this guy come after me, arrest me. Let's just get it over with. Tough guy. You know, I don't give a damn. He's the worst actor. Truly a horrifyingly bad actor. I mean, my dude. You make Tommy, why still look like Lawrence Olivier? That is amazing stuff right there. I'm sorry. I need to play it again because I'm just enjoying the acting too much. And I, I like it. It's, it's John Levitts acting. He's an actor. Here we go, acting Gavin Evan. We need a, we need a motion with hand motions. I mean, that's what we need. A dramatic breathing of your imminent arrest.


Go, go Gavin. Go. The fear, the horror, the hell is this guy come after me, arrest me. Let's just get it over with. Who tough guy is this? You know, I don't give a damn. I don't give a damn. Bring it. Bring it on, Mr. I'm sorry. What? Everything is a sick joke. Everything that guy's, the governor of the largest and most populous state in the United States like Really? Wow. Wow, wow. Gavin News. What? What a hero. What a hero he is. Steven Miller points out on Acts quote, California is the largest sanctuary state in America. What does that mean? The governor has ordered every single police department and sheriff's office to shield criminal illegal aliens from removal.


In a normal state, when an illegal alien is arrested, they're run through a federal database. If it hits that they're illegal or deportable ICE asked the police or sheriffs to turn them over to ice when their incarceration is complete. In California, when ice lodges this detainer, it is refused. And the criminal alien is released back onto the street to endlessly re-offend. California has more criminal aliens than any other state in the United States by far. And each and every one of them victimize Americans freely knowing they'll never be turned over by the authorities to ice. He's not wrong about that. He's not wrong about that. But again, for for the Democrats, this is all about the conflict with Trump never enforce immigration law. And when and when they say that it's authoritarian again for the federal.


Remember, they're not just saying it's authoritarian for the National Guard to be activated in order to quell violence in the streets. They're saying it's authoritarian for Trump to just enforce the law, to just enforce it. That itself is authoritarian. It's amazing. Now, some Democrats are smart enough to realize that this is a losing political battle, that actually, it turns out Americans are not fond of what is going on in Los Angeles And what has been going on for decades. We'll get to more on this in a moment.


First, made in America means something to our country's private equity investors. When you invest $700 billion annually in American companies and the 13 million workers and families they support, you are investing in the success of Main Street. Over the last eight years alone, America's private equity investors have contributed $5 trillion to the United States economy. That's money, powering growth and manufacturing tech, energy and innovation from strengthening supply chains to helping America lead in artificial intelligence. That kind of investment shapes our future and in starts with private equity backing American ambition. Because investing in our people, our businesses, and our communities isn't just good for the economy. It's good for the country. Learn more about how private equity keeps American small businesses growing and thriving@investmentcouncil.org. Paid for by the American Investment Council.


Also, the business landscape has never been more volatile. Supply chains face unprecedented pressure and cashflow constraints are tightening across industries in this environment. Real time adaptability isn't just an advantage, it's survival. Companies that can't pivot quickly aren't just falling behind. They're facing existential threats. To navigate this chaos, you need complete visibility across every aspect of your operation. From global shipments and tariff impacts to real time cash cashflow analysis, NetSuite by Oracle delivers exactly that through its AI powered business management suite, already trusted by over 41,000 companies worldwide. As the leading cloud ERP platform, NetSuite consolidates accounting, financial management, inventory and HR into a single unified system that serves as your one source of truth. This comprehensive visibility enables lightning fast decision making, backed by real-time forecasting and actionable data insights. With AI automation handling routine tasks throughout the platform. Your team can focus on strategic initiatives while NetSuite identifies bottlenecks, calculates their true costs and provides clear pathways for rapid pivots. When market conditions demand immediate action, it's one system full control. Tame the chaos with NetSuite. If your revenues are at least in the seven figures, download that free ebook, Navigating Global Trade. Three Insights for Leaders at netsuite.com/shapiro. That's netsuite.com/shapiro.


So some Democrats are realizing that this might all be a mistake. Chris Murphy, Democrat from Connecticut, who for some reason has presidential aspirations. You can't explain to me why he says, you know what? We need to stop focusing on this immigration thing. Now. This is a loser. He is right. That is correct. Let's focus on the big beautiful bill. Okay, good luck, mou. And so I do also think he's probably doing everything he can to try to get the entire political world to be talking about anything other than a piece of legislation that's gonna fundamentally change this country. So yeah, we have to point out the danger of what he's proposing to do in Los Angeles while also keeping our eye on the ball, which is a bill that's going to transform our economy and ruin a lot of lives.


Okay? So yeah, that, that he's gonna try and get away from the immigration talk 'cause he understands it's a loser. Perhaps the only intelligent Democrat in the United States Senate at this point is John Fetterman. You know, the one who had a stroke. He tweeted out, quote, I unapologetically stand for free speech, peaceful demonstrations in immigration. But this is not that. This is the anarchy entry, chaos. My party loses the moral high ground when we refuse to condemn setting cars on fire, destroying buildings, and assaulting law enforcement. Why is that so hard for any of the Democrats? Why? Why? I mean, honestly, if Gavin Newsom wanted to pan President Trump, all he would have to do is help them effectuate the federal immigration law. That's all he would have to do is say, listen, we were happy to help President Trump activated the National Guard for no reason. 'cause we were happy to help.


But he is not doing that 'cause he is not happy to help. Meanwhile, the media doing their part as the democratic appals that they are, John Stewart was out there making the claim that the ice raids lit the fuse because everything's been hunky dory in LA until now. So now predictably, these non-targeted, much broader deportation efforts in cities that feel very connected to the immigrant population is a tinderbox. And Trump happily lights the fuse, peaceful protestors mixed with anarchists and vandals pushed back by horseback and tear gas. Nothing could survive the onslaught except the attitude of teenagers.


You dad, I, I mean cops, home Depot, from the worst of the worst to a fucking Home Depot, geez, ice. If you need assistance in arresting people, you know those guys are looking for work. So it's an explosive situation on the cusp of federalism versus states rights, board of control versus due process. Terrifyingly militarized sweeps versus hardworking people in local communities, the United States Marines versus the Postmates guy who brought you an egg sandwich. Okay? So again, this sort of false bi and you don't understand illegal immigrants are all wonderful people.


Here's the thing, how would we know that is Steven Miller's point? Because when people are arrested in California, he's correct ICE does not work with the local authorities in California because of Gavin Newsom, because of Gavin Newsom put aside all the drawn public services represented by mass illegal immigration, put aside the cultural problems, the cultural clashes that have occurred thanks to the importation of large numbers of mi, millions of migrants from cultures that aren't necessarily incontinent with sort of Anglo-American values traditionally. And again, people can obviously join into Anglo-American values, but if you're coming from a culture that generally doesn't like those things and doesn't care about those things, that's going to have some cultural impact. Obviously, this is the part where everybody in the media goes.


He said Anglo America. Yeah, Barack Obama used that term too. Go look it up. Anyway, the the bizarre notion that somehow the federal government does not have the capacity to enforce the law. Imagine if a bunch of red states simply said that they were not going to cooperate with federal law enforcement on, for example, paying taxes. They, they, they simply were, were were going to obstruct it, not even not cooperate, obstruct it. How do you think Democrats would treat that? Well, badly, the view, man, the, the gathering of IQs over at the view is always astonishing. They, they're over there saying it's gonna be a civil war, really civil war between whom and whom. I always love when people talk about civil war in the United States.


See, in order for there to be a civil war, there have to be two armed sides willing to kill each other. I would love to know who is on the other side of the Marine's, national Guard and cops in LA capable of waging a civil war rather than looting the local Apple store. And there's a very big stark demarcation between military troops and law enforcement, public law enforcement, civilian law enforcement. Right? And you are an army turned inside to police. Its citizens can cause chaos, fascism and fascism. And so I think that's the way Civil war and civil war. Yeah, I think that's the way we need to look at it.


Cast fa we need to look at it's caste, fascism, and civil war. That's it. I love that The Democrats tried to shut down the country for full on two years, that they spurred $2 billion in property damage in in 2020. And that everybody who refused to kneel or put a black square on their twitterer profile was run outta public life. And this is the threat is that National Guard officers have been activated to support federal law enforcement. Perhaps the dumbest take came courtesy of MSNBC's Eddie Glau who compared ice to slave catchers. That's really weird. And I'll tell you why that's really weird. Because one thing about the slaves is that escaped slaves were attempting to escape from plantations where they had been brought against their will.


They were trying to leave and slaves did not come to the United States voluntarily. I noticed illegal immigrants literally crossed borders hundreds of miles of wilderness in order to get into the United States. So that's a pretty significant, that's a pretty significant difference. Also, we are talking about sending these people back to their country of origin. We are not talking about enslaving them, we're talking about arresting people who committed acts of criminality by crossing our border illegally. But according to Eddie, glad it's the same as slave catchers. This reminds me historically of the, it's not a clear analogy, but when the nation, when when, no, it isn't. These political factions divided the nation in between, between slave holders and slave catchers.


When they made everybody with the fugitive slave law, all of us had to, if someone escaped, all of us had to return that particular piece of property to these folk. With ice running around la forcing people to make choices, will they protect their, their friends, their neighbors, their family members? Will they take, will they confront these folk? And they're terrorized? You see people crying. You see babies crying and these people come in here and do this. Oh, goodness gracious. Okay. I mean, if, if democrats wanna take the 20 side of an 80 20 issue here, then I suppose they can, or more accurately the 45% of a 55, 45 issue. I suppose that they can. Meanwhile, some members of the media were having their best life.


They, they're really enjoying themselves. They want the attention that includes this CNN reporter who had his best day ever. This is Jason Carroll narrating an encounter with the police during a live hit where he was briefly detained, which meant that the cops came and they detained him because there are a bunch of rioters who've been calling themselves members of the press. Yes. It turns out bad people sometimes pretend they're members of the press in order to get away with things. Happens all over the world. Anyway, he's briefly detained, so I guess that he's now going to become hero of the day. Jason, what's going on? I hear you. What's, am I, am I seeing Jason Carroll being, you know what, what, what happened? Jason, I I am being detained. I am being detained. Laura, I am not being arrested.


Correct Officers, Did you hear what they, what he told you? No, we're letting you, you can't come back. Okay. Because then if you come back, then you go we're okay. Okay. Please. Alright. Okay. I thank you. Thank you. Thanks to Officer. Take care. You too. Nice to meet you. Thank, thank you. What happened? Jason? You guys can still hear me? Jason, what happened was I was Yes, I'm, I'm Chris with the New York Times. We we got video of you guys. Oh, you did. If you need it later, thank you. Call New York Times. I I appreciate that. Thank I can hear You still. Jason, what's happening? So we, we, here's what happened, Laura. We, the officer, I was called over and the officer told me to put my hands behind my back.


I said, I am I being arrested? He said you were being detained. I was walked out of the area. They took down my information. Oh, I'm losing his, I he's so happy you right now. I can't hear you. Jason, John Miller briefly Being detained. I'm hearing from Jason Car just now. We had videos. He's so happy. They're so happy watching him and understand that, that for these members of the media, I love that they're cosplaying, that they're in the middle of the Arab Spring over here. Like, gimme, gimme a break. Gimme a break Again. This is all part and parcel of a broader left wing effort to tear away at the system. One of the people attempting to tear away at the system most often is, of course, George Soros. So according to the Wall Street Journal, it's not just gonna be California.


A group backed by George Soros is now trying to plow millions into turning Texas blue. According to the Wall Street Journal, Texas majority Pac, a Soros funded PAC launched a blue Texas initiative Monday, along with the Texas Democratic Party and a group of county parties aiming to organize tens of thousands of volunteers recruit candidates and boost turnout ahead of the 2026 midterm elections. Sorrows, the billionaire investor and philanthropists has voted millions to turning Texas blue in the past and donated $2.1 million to Texas majority in 2024 and $1 million in April. Records show. So Democrats are now trying to take the map that they created in California and extend it over to Texas via gigantic funding from blue billionaires like George Soros.


And this speaks to something broader happening across the world because what we're watching in LA is not a random outburst of violence. It's a direct result of democratic governance, which abandons the most basic function of the government. The safety of its law abiding residents by absorbing millions of migrants from around the world, no questions asked. And this is an international issue. These riots harm the poorest Americans most, but also people across the west damaging businesses for months, if not years. Almost always, they morph into these glom fests for the revolutionary omni clauses. The pro kamas crowd joined in almost immediately in LA over the weekend, gleefully assembling their molet of cocktails spray painting Death to America, KKKA on a federal building and star contrast. The week before last, I had the opportunity to sit down with President Victor Orban of Hungary at cpac and Budapest Orban is a unique leader in Europe.


He's a polarizing figure whose common sense conservatism has now been branded autocratic by the left, but it has resulted in additional prosperity and security for Hungarians. His policies are very simple, secure the borders, national sovereignty, cultural cohesion. The success of Hungary stance on immigration is evident. If I walk around Europe wearing my yamaka, typically it's a problem not in Budapest. As Orban mentions in our conversation, the EU actually finds Hungary 1 million euros every single day for not blindly allowing Soros organized migrants into the country. George Soros has made Victor Orban his target for years. As a result, Hungary cities are not overrun by Islamists pushing Sharia law or marching leftists, hiding behind humanitarian causes, while burning cars and solidarity with those Islamists Orin's approach to immigration is the precise opposite of the Biden administration's border policy or Gavin Newsom's policy.


The coalition that attacks Orban looks almost precisely like the coalition in America currently attacking President Trump from international open society NGOs to lunatic leftists who think borders are racist. When Victor Orban talks about defending borders, it's not a matter of compassion or economic capacity or anything else. It's about ending the law that the west is fundamentally evil and therefore worthy of destruction. We're bringing you our conversation with President Orban into parts in this first part. Today we discuss immigration, George Soros, the international left, and his hopes for an end to the war in Ukraine. So without further ado, here's part one of my interview with President Victor Orban of Hungary, prime Minister Orban. Thank you so much for taking the time. I should probably start where I'm sure many of your interviews start.


You become a very, very controversial polarizing figure in the west. The the press cover you a lot in the West. Americans know your name, they know about Hungary. Why do you think you become such a, a top of mind political figure internationally? First of all, let us, let us clarify Polarizing figure To be a polarizing figure, whether it's good or bad. I Think it's good. Democratically, The essence of democracy is that there is, exists a difference of opinions. If you don't polarize opinions, how will you discuss them? And, and of course in the end, we will have to come to an agreement in the interest of the nation, governance, peace, public good.


But for understanding you need argument. A controversial man in a Hungarian to a Hungarian is not a negative person. It's something that goes along with democracy. So that is the, I will interpret your question in a way, how have I become known in America? It's by my, through my enemies. They actually were my PR people in America. They were doing the propaganda, our major player Americans who believed that it, I have to be pinpointed, pointed at publicly as somebody who represents something bad. And I think this actually reached its peak in 20 15, 20 16, when we had that huge wave of migration in Europe.


And I was the only person who said migration has to be stopped at the borders of Hungary. And then I was the only one who said, these migrants are not coming of their own volition. They are being organized. There is financing behind it. There is a whole business structure behind this. And behind the whole thing stands, the Soros Network Foundation, who openly in a published article, admitted that he wanted to bring in 1 million migrants every year to Europe. So I, I pointed him out, I stood against him and that made me famous there. That is my story. And One of the things that, that really is amazing about that story is the attempt by the media to then suggest that it was antisemitic to point out George Soros, which it obviously is not.


George Soros is a very important political player. He has spent exorbitant fees and monies trying to impact politics all over the planet in the United States, in Hungary as well. He said it was, it was not you, it was he who suggested that he believes that borders are the obstacle and that migration is the goal that borders are the problem. And so that he's the one who made that an issue. Not you, you simply saying no, made you an obstacle to, to people like George Soros and to a left wing media that really decided that you were the problem. Correct? Yes. Again, that's all. Well, yes. Well, that's the, that's the description. I think there is something that we share with Osh. We're both Hungarians, so this is a Hungarian box match also, of course, but George Shiro has perhaps outgrown Hungary.


He's one of the largest businessman if speculators of the world. And of course, we have to understand it's very Hungarian that business and money is not enough. You need more than money. You need more than power. You buy for something more than power. And he is, he has become a kind of a guru of the leftist world who has understood the great lings, who describes the vision, who shows the path ahead. Wow. The good world. A good world would look like what we need to turn into. So he had aspirations of becoming a guru. And if you have a lot of money and you are a guru, you don't only write books, you start to interfere into things.


And he has become one of the most important political actors of the world. But nobody dared to call him out on this. They said, this is a wonderful man who has this excellent, fantastic, more moral things that he's financing. He's a philanthropic of the of all times. And I said, no, this is not true. He's giving money for bad things, for to bad people, and this is not good. And you have to fight against this. And that's the story that actually ultimately, if you wish, actually put me there in this global discourse where they are actually paying attention to what I say. Otherwise, nobody would give a damn about what I'm saying. I mean, it's a country of 10 million people, a small army, not a huge GDP.


So our weight and the attention are in no way correlation to one another. And the, it is the moral and the intellectual content of our struggle that made Hungary so interesting in America and American politics. Let's talk for a second about the angle of attack on you and your administration. So the, the angle has been that you're centralizing power, they call you undemocratic, they suggest that you're violating civil rights. How do you respond to those accusations? What is it that you're trying to do? What, what is your, your philosophy of governance? First of all, if you are attacked or if I'm attacked anyway, my recipes, you have to understand the motivation. Why? Because if you understand, then you need to respond.


Because mo, most often they will not attack you because of what they are saying or what they are saying publicly. I'm being attacked because there is a struggle. There is a hidden fight. Something that is only understood at the intellectual level, a hidden struggle for the soul of the West. The opponents are the leftist progressives who think that traditional frameworks are obsolete. Christianism, ju Christianism, heritage nation are obsolete. They want something new. And then there is us who belong to the traditional communities and want to preserve the family, the respect, common sense religion.


So this is a struggle, a fight, and this is going on for the soul of the western world. And when we, I'm being attacked on from the left, it's not because of what they're saying. It's because I just belong to the other camp. I belong to the conservative camp, to the right, the Patriots and whatever, whatever the reason, they just have to continuously attack me. That's the logic of, of war. If you wish, in this sense. And I'm much less interested of in what they're saying, it's much more interesting for me why they're saying what they're saying. Well, it amuses me. It really, it really amuses me when they talk about the D Democratic deficit, the lack of democracy.


I am a street fighter. I actually come from the anti-communist resistance, half illegal student movement is where I started politics. And we fought to actually bring down the communist, the communist dictatorship, to actually push the Soviet troops out of this country to cut back freedom and democracy. I fought for that. All those people who are criticizing me are very lucky people. They were born into a democracy in America. In Germany, they have absolutely no clue about what it means to fight for democracy. They've never lived in a dictatorship, in a regime. They've never had to fight it. And now they are behaving as they were the greatest Democrats.


No, we are the greatest Democrats who here in central Europe who have fought for freedom, fought for democracy. So all criticism we just laugh at. And of course, I was in opposition for 16 years as well. Of course, I've been in government. I I've spent 20 years in government, but I served 16 in opposition as well. So I lost, I won, I lost, I came back. I've been there, done that. As they say, contrary to all those who talk to me and lecture me on democracy, it's quite a funny thing. And I just don't take them seriously. I just acknowledge the fact that Hungary has actually reached a level of attention where global international left looks on you as an opponent and puts you under fire, is shooting at you.


Because from their perspective, we are the bad example. But from the side of the right, we are the good example. We have maintained Christian Christianity, Christian traditions. We protect the traditional family. We have stopped the migrants. We, instead of social aid, we are giving people work. We believe in merit-based economy. We are supporting economic investments business to make people, to liberate people, to allow business and economy to support their freedom. It's not only that we say this and we do this, it's only our sin is also that we are successful. And not only because we've been in government for 20 years, but it's because reality is transforming in life, freedom, respect, culture.


And of course economic results during the past 16 years have created a new quality in Hungary. So Hungary is not only different, it's not only a maverick, it's not only different from others. It's not a strange island, conservative island of difference. We are a successful country. So when you talk about all that, the thing that sticks out to me is the conflict between these international organizations and the nationalism that, that you are, that you are pushing and that you're fostering in your country. I mean, that's obviously something that George Soros opposes. He's very anti nationalist. But that's also true of institutions like the EU or the ICC, which you recently pulled Hungary out of specifically because the ICC was attempting to cram down particular types of pseudo justice that you didn't agree with.


How do you deal with the, the international organizations, given the fact that you do have to work within them, especially the eu? First of all, let us understand what the phenomenon is that we are talking about behind the, this topic is realignment of European politics, a restructuring of European politic who were the Europe, the political players in Europe before, of course, you had the electors, the voters and the leaders that they elected these leaders. We knew them. They, they were real substantial people, great names. And we knew that they stood behind the decisions. They were the actual decision makers.


Helmut Cole, a real leader, Jack Shira, regardless of the fact we like him or not Tony Blair, they were, they were serious leaders. Today, nowadays you tend to forget the names of contemporary leaders because the real, actual, serious political players are not the political leaders. There's a gray, there's a gray zone between the voters and the political leaders. You are in this gray zone where you form public opinion, where you are an influencer, where you are influencing the discourse. So there is, we have seen the emergence of a world, a new world that is able to influence politics, which thanks to technological development, you are there in my pocket.


I immediately see your, your YouTube videos. So your role has increased. The role of people like you has in, has increased. And so when we talk about politics, it's not only politicians, but also the zone around politicians, which is actually now shaping public opinion much more than actual politicians are. And this is a great challenge for our profession in Europe. As a result of this phenomenon, real leaders are actually disappearing. We are, you know, replaceable ones. They are coming and going in comparison to the previous big old personalities of the old times. It's no coincidence that you don't have too many of these heroes appearing nowadays because politics structure has changed.


So we have to take this seriously, and it is not, the question is no longer whether one politician nor the other has been bought off from abroad, because that is actually treason. The real question with these politicians in this gray zone around politicians who are the ones who are actually shaping the public opinion, who are you the, the likes of you? Are you leftist rightist patriots? You're not only neutral channels who help people to find out about other opinions. You impact people. And when in people are being financed in hung in Hungary from abroad who actually are able to impact the opinion here or financed from Brussels, or there are all kinds of covert USAID funding coming, then the question pops to my mind.


This is a problem. This is a threat. There are people here who are influencing Hungarian affairs, Hungarian public opinion, and somebody else is paying them. I mean, that's not good. We need to make this transparent. We have to transform this. And that's what I'm fighting for, for every Hungarian to know. If somebody they hear in the political sphere, who is he? Who is she? Why are they doing it? Why are they saying it? Follow the money. Follow the money trail. If you have to want to understand what is happening, follow the trail of the money, who is paying who for why? And it's very, very difficult to make transparent because leftists, progressives are hiding in this sphere, this gray zone. They say they are independent, they are non unbiased.


They are, but they are paid from abroad. They have disinformation actions against governments they don't like. They impact, they impact the all kinds of colorful revolutions. They actually organize those. So we have to take them seriously and we actually have to find a modern regulation that allows for the freedom of opinion, but excludes manipulation. So one of the key priorities for you obviously has been fighting off postmodern secularism from the left that you see in institutions like the EU or, or the ICC or, or some of these organizations, these NGOs that are, that are being promoted inside your country. Also, obviously you've posed yourself against radical Islamic immigration and, and migrant waves.


What do you make of the conflict in Ukraine? Because obviously that impacts Hungary. Hungary is on the border of, of Ukraine. That conflict has been going on for, for years at this point. You've taken a sort of middle position. Do you think it matters if, if Vladimir Putin were to actually take Ukraine, what do you think is the off Ramp there? The, the, the leader of Russia seems not to want to take an off Ramp right now. What, what do you make of the conflict? What, what should people be looking for there? Is it possible to speak about a little bit more on Brussels prior to jump to Ukraine? Sure. Okay. So Che Brussels is a strange creation and it's very difficult to understand foreign American.


It is something That was born healthy, created healthy, but became distorted with time. It just developed in the wrong direction. Brussels and the EU used to be about European countries, nations joining hands in order to exclude the possibility of war, that there will be peace on the continent because European Europe was destroyed by wars. We will create a safe continent. We will have freedom of movement, freedom of trade investment, and we will have safety, security, welfare and development. And member states actually did this by preserving their national identity, but in cooperation with each other.


This is how it worked out. It was fantastic. But then Brussels bureaucracy started growing. And by today, Brussels is no longer about coordinating the work of member states. It is not a coordinating service center. It has become a center of power. It has come to real life. It's like Frankenstein. It has, it has a life of its own. It's building its own empire. It has its own identity. It looks on national identity as an enemy. It is encroaching on the sovereignty of nation states, taking away competencies, ever closer. Union, they said, well hand over as much competencies as possible from your national sovereignty to the Brussels center.


Before power didn't work like that, competence has stayed with the nation states, and only a few were in Brussels. Now it has turned around. The same thing with migration. No one ever, ever thought that Brussels would tell us, Hungarians, that we have to admit migrants, because that's what's happening today. We are protecting the, defending the borders. We are not allowing anybody in, you can only enter this country if we give you permission to do so. So without permission, you are not allowed. That is a crime if you come without, so we are protecting ourselves. We're protecting Europe. What is Brussels doing every day? Imposing 1 million euros every day in a fine against us.


They are taking 1 million euros every day from us as a fine. That is what I'm talking about. This is the Brussels imperial Center that is the threat. So when we talk about Brussels, which is a special thing, you have to understand that we are supportive of European corporation, but we are not supportive of the imperialistic ideas that are taking stronghold in Brussels, killing the nation state and taking away our freedom. Ukraine very tough nut to crack. Very difficult issue. What happened before the Russian Ukrainian war, the world was like this. You had the Russians with their huge military and nuclear power, Hungary, Poland, Romania was basically the eastern flank of nato, NATO's, huge nuclear might.


And in between you had this buffer zone called Ukraine. And both parties thought that this was good, that there existed such a buffer zone. If the Russians want to attack us, they have to pass through Ukraine. If NATO wanted to attack Russia, they would have to go through Ukraine. So it was good for everybody. Everybody wanted the influence. There was always, you know, push and shove. I remember 10, 15 years ago, the West wanted influence in Kiev. The Russians wanted to influence Kiev, but it didn't really change the balance. There was a buffer zone situation that was created. And Westerners decided, and the Ukrainians accepted this, that Ukraine doesn't need to be a buffer zone anymore.


It needs to be integrated into western structures, western economy, western security, western nato, western markets. And they started to arm Ukraine. And they thought that the, a slow, slow integration of Ukraine, which probably was supported by the Ukrainian people as well, would create more security for Europe. However, this thought was built on the hypothesis that the, the Russians are going to swallow this and watch this ugly. The Russians said upfront that they will not watch this. Oddly, a well armed Ukraine, armed with Western weapons, being a member of NATO or not, but fully integrated into NATO structures, appears all of a sudden on the borders of Russia.


They said they will not put up with that. And that is when trouble began. Joe Biden was the president of the United States of America. And that was the problem. If there was a serious president leading America, let's say Donald Trump, then he would've taken the Russians seriously for what they were saying and would've prevented the war and would've said, we are all heading foreign, a confrontation. Let's sit down, let's talk, let's talk this out. Let's not allow the war to up. And Donald Trump would've been able to do that. The Democrats were unable to do that. Furthermore, they actually jumped headlong, headfirst into the war. Of course, Russians attacked Ukraine in breach of international law.


And of course, even after that, we didn't endeavor to deescalate the situation. The American administration, European politicians were talking more war, more war. Ukrainians should win this war. We Hungarians said, this is going, this is smells trouble. This will bring war to the west. Let us isolate the conflict. Let us sit down, let us cool the tension. Let us create war, peace or ceasefire. We were the only ones to say this. And the Holy See the Vatican. And while the American president was in office, and it wasn't Trump who was in office, we were alone. Now the Americans are pro peace also.


And one or two European countries are also pro. But the majority of European Union states still wants to continue to the war. The war. My opinion is we need a ceasefire. We need peace. And we have to understand that integrating Ukraine into the Western economic and military world is not a success. We have to sit down and discuss the future. We have to just take a step back to the kind of buffer zone concept we had pre-war where, where there, it's always good to have this stretch between NATO and Russia, which guarantees peace to nato and for the Russians as well. That is the way we should be going. Furthermore, there is this other problem.


This war is destroying the European economy. It is costing a huge amount of money. The Ukrainians don't have a penny. The Ukrainians, well, they are living off us. Without us, they couldn't pay the pensions. They couldn't pay their doctors, their teachers. The UK Ukraine state, Ukrainian state would not exist without us, nor would the Ukrainian army. The whole Ukrainian army is being financed by the Americans in Europe. Now. The Americans are going out more and more as Europeans are having to take over. It's costing a huge amount of money. Money while war and sanctions, the, the Russian energy has been sanctioned. It has really killed the European economy.


Inflation is soaring. Energy prices rocketing. Today we are paying two times for electricity than you were in America four times than an American company paying. So our competitiveness is lost. We have beaten ourselves into the ground. And while the export markets that used to be important for Hungary in the European Union, because they have left, they've sent all their money to Ukraine, there's no demand. They have less money. We cannot sell them so many things. We have lost markets. Energy prices have gone up. The whole thing is an, this is an, an an economic disaster for, for Europe. Therefore, as soon as possible, we have to put an end to this and we need to have peace.


That is, has been our position always really like it was with migration. First it was only the Hungarians who were saying this. It's difficult to believe, but before President Trump to say in Europe peace, it was phe me. I mean, if I said I was on the side of peace, they looked at me as if they were seeing red. Can you imagine Europe? The European Union created to ensure peace started to actually punish politicians who were arguing for peace. It's absurd. It's impossible. So therefore, the whole of Hungary was actually rooting for Donald Trump because we knew that if he wins, peace comes.


So I actually publicly took that position. It was Henry Kissinger's position. Yeah, as early as summer 22, 20 22. The, the problem now, of course, is that Vladimir Zelensky as, as in Kyiv recently interviewing him, he's accepted the demand by President Trump for a 30 day cease fire. Vladimir Putin has not, he, he's accepted the idea of trying to negotiate directly for peace. He went to Turkey. Vladimir Putin did not. If Vladimir Putin does not make clear what his demands are, if he doesn't move toward a 30 day ceasefire, move along with President Trump, should the Europeans and the Americans continue to support Ukraine militarily sufficient to ensure that that Russia doesn't just eat the rest of Ukraine. Okay, I have a peculiar opinion on this.


It is naivete to believe that Russia, Ukrainian talks will lead to peace. I know this, I'll say this from experience in the summer of 2024, when Hungary took over for six months, the EU presidency. I started first by flying to pf, then went to Moscow, then to Beijing, and then to Mar-a-Lago. So I talked with everyone, I talked with Zelensky in Kiev and with Putin in Moscow, and based on my experiences speaking on, based on these, if we leave peace up to these two guys, there will never be peace.


The road to peace does not lead to Russian Ukrainian talks. It leads through Russian American talks. So when there will be an American Russian talk, there will be peace. Whether there Ukrainians need to be involved somewhere along the way, it's an important issue, but it's a partial element. Peace can only be created by the Americans through discussions with the Russians. That's the key. I mean, right now the Trump administration is looking to walk away from the table because they, they believe that, that maybe the Russians don't actually just want an armistice. I mean, it seems to me that this looks more like a Korean situation, like the end of the Korean War than it looks like a negotiated actual piece that the, the lines of armes just freeze in place where they are.


And Ukraine obviously isn't going to accept being disarmed the way that Russia would like, and Russia isn't going to accept giving back Crimea or giving back the donbas region as Ukraine would like. And so the most likely scenario basically just seems to be status quo with less murder on both sides. Isn't that the most likely scenario on how do we get to that off Ramp As Osh? These are important technical details. I think the essence, the bottom line is everybody has to acknowledge, admit that this war cannot be won in the trenches. There is no solution in the trenches, but we are not yet there at this admission. The Russians still believe that they can win this war in the trenches.


The Ukrainians said that to me as well when I visited them. And the Europeans also believe this. The one person who doesn't believe this, who thinks that it's no no sense to think about winning the war, that's the president of the United States of America. That's the problem. Everyone else is not yet in admission. And I think the most important thing for Europeans would be to actually rally behind President Trump. Because the Europeans today don't support the peace initiatives of the American president. They want war. They want to continue the war. They are convincing Ukraine, don't sit down, don't talk, don't sign a peace deal, continue the war.


And they are trying to actually drink, bring back the American precedent from the pro peace to the pro war situation. So the most important thing for the West would be to be united and support the American president. That would bring us closer to peace. And then we will see in politics, it's also very important. You should never think too many steps ahead. Sometimes you need to leave a chance for life to, you don't have to think of everything. You just keep your eye on the most important thing and approach that. And then later on we'll see it will evolve. It hasn't been yet said the basic statement hasn't been made, that there is no solution to this war on the front lines.


Therefore, there needs to be a ceasefire. Opposing parties, even if they say this, they're not serious about it. In reality, the Russians just want to actually reach the border lines that they wanted, the four counties that they want to occupy, that they have decided to occupy. Whereas the Ukrainians want to continue the war and are hoping that by for continue or by continuing the war, they will get money, weapons, technology, reconstruction, money, money, money from Europe, and perhaps from America as well. Joining us on the line is Ri Gaines, former NCAA champion swimmer and a leading advocate for women in sports.


She hosts the Gaines for Girls podcast on out kick.com, where she champions fairness and integrity in athletics. Riley, thanks so much for joining the show. Yeah, good to see you, Ben. Thanks. Okay, so let's talk about this feud apparently that you now have with, with Simone Biles, the the famed gymnast. So what exactly went down here? Because obviously it tore up the internet. Yeah, well, I'll take you back. This happened all on Friday evening. I spent a lot of my time on the road traveling all over the place. I was so excited because I got a weekend at home, a weekend to spend with, with my husband, my dogs, my horse. Anyways, I typically put my phone away on the weekends, and so it's Friday night, I'm just checking X, whatever it is, and I get this notification that popped up on my phone that said, Simone Biles has, has mentioned you in a comment.


I was so excited, truthfully, when I got this. This is a, a woman, a an athlete that I've looked up to as a role model, truthfully for a long time, for everything she's been able to accomplish in her sport and beyond. So overwhelmed with, with really starstruck by this. I click on the comment didn't take long for me to, to be in total disbelief, really. I read it, I read it again, I clicked on the profile, went back to the profile to make sure this wasn't a fake account. No, this was the real Simone Biles calling me truly sick, disgusting, a bully for calling out. It was actually the state of Minnesota, which bear in mind this happened in five blue states just a week ago, two weeks ago, where boys or teams with boys sold championship spots, qualifying spots, podium spots from deserving girls, Minnesota, Washington, California, Oregon, and Maine.


But specifically, I was talking about the story in Minnesota where a boy pitched on their, their girls high school girls softball team. He pitched five consecutive games, 35 straight innings, 21 shutout innings only allowed two runs over the entirety of those five games to lead his team to a state championship. I called this out and that's where Simone Biles came in. I was so disappointed by this, not even because of the personal attacks bin. I'm so secure with myself, I think partially because I know I'm on the right side of history. I'm happily married for, for three plus years. None of the things she said about me bothered me. It was more so upsetting to know the platform that she has, the amount of young girls that look up to her and to see her take the stance that she did in really such a venomous, vile way in the year 2025.


But what we've seen since then, that, that was the first tweet, what we've seen since then this Friday evening where she commented this is she is getting absolutely destroyed and railed in all of the comment sections across all the different social media platforms, which shows you we are no longer living in 2020. So, so that was the first little altercation I responded back to, which she then tweeted out just moments later, she said, bully someone your own size, which would ironically be a male. I, I couldn't even really make sense of this at first. I, I wasn't sure if she was calling me tall, which Ben, I'm five foot five like that, that's maybe a giant to someone who's four foot eight. But that's not overly tall and certainly not tall in my sport, in the sport of swimming.


I, I would describe myself actually as a pretty short swimmer. I don't know if she was calling me muscular, which again, doesn't really make sense given Simone Biles stature. Very short, very, very muscular, very masculine looking. But that's the body that serves her for her spurt, for her sport. So I imagine if anyone would have understand what it's like to be a muscular female athlete, it's Simone Biles, but nonetheless, this is the direction, the line of attack that she chose. So I think the, the response that we have seen from the public, I almost feel bad for her truthfully, but I, I believe it's justified. People have had enough been, I mean, it really is kind of amazing.


She actually pinned her post about you to the top of her profile, the, the post suggesting that you are truly sick, all this campaigning because you lost a race, straight up sore loser. There is an old tweet from her in 2017 pointing out that if she had to compete against male gymnasts, she'd get absolutely destroyed. So there's always a tweet, always, always, always, Always. I don't know how 2025 Simone Biles reconciles with the fact that 2017 Simone Biles is a truly sick bigot by her own standard. Yeah, it's crazy. But you're right. It makes you wonder though. I I I, she tweeted this out, and of course I don't think she believes it just like mainstream media, just like elected democrats, just like ESPN, right? Like they understand Simone.


I mean, you look at the sport of gymnastics, men's gymnastics and women's gymnastics, it's not even the same sport like you're compet competing in different events. Men have the rings, men have the palmer horse, women have the beam and the uneven bars. Men don't have those things. It's not even the same sport. So I, I don't actually believe that she believes what she wrote. I think, of course, this was just, I mean, the most effective way to pull up the ladder behind her. She's done competing so she doesn't have to worry about getting her, her Olympic medal, her championship spot stolen by a man. Therefore, it's easy to say the thing that a, that maybe in 2020 would have been the virtuous, kind, inclusive, accepting, compassionate thing to say.


But again, I think we now realize that those words, the word inclusion, compassion, they've been totally hijacked literally to mean the exact opposite of what they're being used for. Riley, as you've been pointing out for years, the the sort of Orwellian game where you're expected to repeat the words while ignoring the implications of the words, which should ultimately wipe out women's sports. It is incredible, and, and the American people are done with it. You're a big part of that. Thank you for your continued hard work on this, and again, amazing to see how many people are willing to mouth the words even when they clearly don't believe them. Yeah, yeah. We'll see. It's been radio silence from Simone Biles since so desperately awaiting her next move. She has a Netflix docuseries, I believe, coming up.


Maybe this was an attempt to put her face, her name, her profile back in the public eye. But she did it in a a, an incredibly, incredibly shameful way that I think will come back to bite her in the butt. And again, that's Riley Gaines. You can check all of her workout on the Gaines for Girls podcast over@outkick.com. Riley, thanks for the time. Thanks, Man.


Already, folks, the show continues for our members. Right now, Greta Thunberg has now been deported from Israel. She had to take a plane. Yes, finally, she's contributing to our planet's emissions problems. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


This is Dr. Jordan B Peterson. Watch parenting available exclusively on Daily Wire. Plus, we're Dealing with misbehaviors with our son. Our 13 year old throws tantrums, our Son Turned to some substance abuse. Go to Daily Wire Plus dot com today.