
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things, Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Well, folks, despite weeks and weeks of joy over so much joy, so many vibes, endless media coverage of her innate and unbreakable genius, it turns out that this race remains a dead heat. We have just reverted back to Joe Biden, pre Joe Biden death status in this race. We get to the latest on the poll numbers and lead up to the big debate first in just eight days, our first ever theatrical release, Am I Racist hits theaters nationwide. Matt Walsh has infiltrated the left DEI circus. It is more crazy and absurd than you can possibly imagine. A troll this size must be seen on the big screen. Go to mi racist.com for tickets and showtimes right now. So, as I say, despite weeks and weeks and weeks of glowing media coverage of Kamala Harris, avoiding literally all questions except for one 16 minute interval on CNN with Data Bash in which she was asked a couple of questions, but no serious follow ups.


Well, despite all of that, she's still running a neck and neck race with Donald Trump. According to Politico Vice President Kamala Harris is just barely pulling ahead of former President Donald Trump in the battleground states. That is according to a new C-N-N-S-S-R-S poll released on Wednesday. Harris is slightly above Trump in Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, and Wisconsin. But her slight lead is either within or just barely outside the margin of error. The candidates are tied at 47% in Pennsylvania. Trump leads Harris by five points in Arizona. When you look at that real clear politics polling average, which again is not just one poll, it is an average of many polls, it shows momentum for Harris, no question. It shows that she's currently leading in the real clear politics polling average in Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Georgia. But all of those races are within margin of error.


And similarly for President Trump, he is running a little bit ahead in North Carolina and Arizona and they're tied in Pennsylvania. Literally every single one of those states is within the margin of error at this point in time. Not just that, if you look at Nate Silver's prediction for what's gonna happen in this election right now, he has Donald Trump with the upper hand. And the reason for that is because Kamala Harris really got almost no bounce from that Democratic National Convention. She may have hit the high water mark of her campaign and the big turning point could happen as early as next week on Tuesday when Donald Trump and Kamala Harris finally debate. The rules for that debate have now been set. The Mikes will be muted, there will be no audience. Now, innately, I think a lot of people thought originally that that sort of rule would, would hurt Trump because he thrives off the crowd and he, he likes to throw a punch.


But the reality is that he contains that Donald Trump is much better for Donald Trump because it turns out that Donald Trump not appearing to be erratic is the key to him winning at this point. Kamala Harris' entire campaign, Tim Wall's entire campaign, the entire thing is based on the idea that Donald Trump is a crazy man who can't be trusted with power. So if Donald Trump does not appear to be a crazy person in the debate, he is going to be on solid footing. And really there are only a few things he has to do in that debate. To successfully throw Kamala Harris off of her game, the number one thing he has to do is simply mention her record. Simply point out her flip flops. She's a target rich environment politically speaking, and she has some real systemic problems in some of the key states.


Nate Silver points out over at his website today that while Kamala Harris is up by three and a half points in the National Poll Tracker, she has fallen below 50% chance of winning the electoral college. And some of that is because of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania was widely perceived as the state that matters the most in the presidential election. How? How goes Pennsylvania, that's how the election goes. Very hard to imagine a scenario where Donald Trump, for example, wins Pennsylvania but loses say Georgia and North Carolina. And similarly, very hard to see a scenario where Kamala Harris wins Pennsylvania but loses Michigan and Wisconsin. Pennsylvania is almost certainly the most important state in this election. And the problem is, Nate Silver points out is that it's been a while since we've seen a poll showing Harris ahead in Pennsylvania, which is the tipping point state, more than a third of the time in their model.


In fact, they added one post D NNC model showing Pennsylvania as a tie and another showing either a tie or Trump up plus one. And as we know, the polls tend to unders sample Trump voters because Trump has specific appeal for what are called low propensity voters, people who didn't necessarily vote in the last presidential or midterm election. It's very difficult to model what the electorate looks like when Donald Trump is on the ballot. This is one of the problems with the polling and it, it is not all purposeful skewing of polls. There's a lot of talk about how the pollsters skew the polls and how they are looking for particular outcome before they even calculate the final number. That isn't really true. Pollsters do have an interest in trying to be accurate, but they have a really tough time trying to measure the nuclear reactor that is Donald Trump in a campaign.


Very, very difficult to measure Who is part of the electorate, who is not? Who do you reach? How do you actually construct a model of the electorate? Does it look more like 2016 or does it look more like 2020 for example? These are very difficult questions. Now again, as silver points out, all this could change quickly with one or two high quality polls showing Harris ahead in the Keystone state. But for now, they show a 17% chance Harris wins the popular vote, but not the electoral college, which remains a very serious possibility. So again, right now, Kamala Harris does not have this thing secure. Not only does she not have this secure, she did make one giant mistake and I pointed it out at the time that was selecting Tim Walls to serve vice presidential candidate.


Tim Walls is a black hole of suck. He's just a terrible candidate. Tim Walls continues to run from questions. He continues to give off A-A-A-V-A strange vibe, a weird vibe here he was just the other day running from questions Inspiration, do about lower what's your policy? Okay, Tim asked if he's gonna answer any policy questions and that's gonna be a big no. That's gonna be a big no there from Tim Walls.


He's just gonna wear a camo hat and pretend that he's a man of the people. Well, Tim Walls, Kamala Harris, they're trying to go incognito all the way up through the election.


But did you know that incognito mode on your computer is not enough to hide your browsing history? Check the fine print. All your online activity is still 100% visible to a lot of third parties unless you use expressive VPN even when you're in. So-called incognito mode. There are a whole lineup of digital peeping Toms. You can still see every single website you visit. We're talking about your ISP, you know the people you pay to give you internet, then there's your mobile network provider. Yep, the ones behind that hefty phone bill. Don't forget the admins of whatever wifi network you're on. That could be your school, your boss, even your parents. It's like having big brother, his cousins, his entire extended family watching everything you do online. That is why I use Express VPN. It rero 100% of your traffic through secure encrypted servers. So third parties can't see your browsing history. It's incredibly easy. Just fire up the app, click one button and you are now protected. The best part, it works on all your devices, phones, laptops, tablets, you name it. Don't just take my word for it. ExpressVPN is rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and the Verge. Protect your online privacy today by visiting ExpressVPN dot com slash ben. That's X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ben to get three extra months for free with my exclusive link ExpressVPN dot com slash bens Learn more.


Meanwhile, Kamala Harris is also running from questions. She's come up with a new variety of tricks to avoid having to answer questions. So she was walking toward Air Force two and somebody asked her, how is the debate prep coming? You know, pretty innocuous question. Is it joint base Andrews, she just keeps on walking, she can't hear, you know, she's got, she's got hearing problems apparently, like Tim Walls doing a DUI in 1995. Madam Vice President, how is debate prep going? But we know that she knows how to do a salute as she walks up those stairs. She is better walking up the stairs than Joe Biden. I mean that that I'll say for her, at least this time, she's not pretending that she's on a phone call as she avoids questions from the press.


So this is a very, very tight race. By the way, the data on Tim Walls being a bad pick is pretty much in right now. Tim Walls, remember she could have picked Josh Shapiro, who's the popular governor of Pennsylvania and that likely would've tipped over the state in favor of Kamala Harris, or at least provided a significant impetus for that happening. She decided not to pick Josh Shapiro because she was afraid that it would tick off all of the radical Muslims who hate Israel in states like Michigan. And so instead she picked Tim Walls, who's very close with people like Ilhan Omar. The problem is, of course, she's not only not secured Pennsylvania, it turns out that walls is not all that popular in the state of Minnesota. Now she's gonna win Minnesota, but there's a brand new KSTP survey, USA poll that shows that she has dropped about five points in Minnesota since picking Tim Walls.


In fact, the better people know Tim Walls, the less they like him. And this is I think, the nature of so many democratic campaigns around the country. So yesterday I spent the day campaigning with Captain Sam Brown. He is the Republican candidate for the Senate from Nevada. And Sam is truly an American hero. Yesterday was his alive day, a alive day, meaning the day that he should have been killed in Afghanistan 16 years ago. He's in Afghanistan and his vehicle was hit by an IED. It set him on fire, his face on fire, obviously you can see the scars, his his battle scars. He had to go through three years of intensive recovery. Not only is he an American hero for his service also he is somebody who believes they passion in constitutional principles in the United States.


These are great candidates. The Republicans, unlike the last go around, unlike in 2022 when Republicans basically rated the loony bin for candidates Republicans in many of these states, they're running some pretty good candidates. Mike Rogers is a good candidate in Michigan. Eric HDI is a good candidate in Wisconsin. Dave McCormick is an excellent candidate in Pennsylvania, and Sam Brown is an excellent candidate in Nevada right now. The polling is showing Sam Brown down to Jackie Rosen, who's kind of a, a nothing burger of a senator. But those polls are likely to tighten up very much as we near the final stretch of the campaign. One of the things the media have done is they've blacked out all of the excellent Republican candidates, ignored them, ripped them.


They've also blacked out the Democratic candidates. The entire media apparatus is rooted in the idea that if you get to know many of the Republicans, you will like those Republicans more. And also, if you get to know many of the Democrats, you'll like the Democrats less. So you're not seeing a lot of Jackie Rosen out there. You're also not seeing a lot of Sam Brown out there because the more you see people like Sam Brown, the more you like people like Sam Brown, the more he's likely to win a race. Here. I was interviewing him yesterday, here he was on the Biden administration. This administration has had failed foreign policy from day one. I mean, I, I think we've gotta consider our border policy part of foreign policy at this point. And when Joe Biden went into the White House, literally after coming off the steps of the capitol and started signing executive orders, attacking our border policy, that that just started a domino of other things.


And this Senate led by Chuck Schumer, along with Jackie Rosen, has had opportunities to step up and stop the normalization of relationships or the attempt of with Iran, you know, the literal sending of billions of dollars to Iran, the lifting of sanctions against Iran that has funded more terror than probably anything else over decades. And, and she wants to talk about how, you know, we need to do more. Again, words alone are meaningless in the face of no action that allows for the massacre of so many people in Israel, the, the hostage that are still being held.


And and it goes beyond that to this new coalition that's forming between China, Russia, Iran, North Korea are enemies are afoot. They see a weaker United States of America and we need President Trump back in the White House and we need a strong Republican senate to ensure that we regain our footing as the strongest nation in the world and we can lead again. And what makes Sam Brownie unique? Kansas, obviously his personal story, I mean, you wanna talk about an amazing personal story. Democrats are constantly relying on the narrative of the character of the people they select. So they try and whip everybody into a lather about Kamala Harris once supposedly working at a McDonald's and then clawing her way up in politics with no help at all from people like Willie Brown, for example.


But Sam Brown, actually, his story is quite amazing. I asked him at an event yesterday in front of Boosters about how he met his wife. And it's a pretty, it's a pretty moving story. So as I was intubated, I was wrapped up. I looked like a mommy, I mean literally from head to toe and, and unconscious. She was part of the care team that was taking care of me. And, and so by the time I kind of came to and was able to sort of interact with people around, she was now working in the background and I had no, no idea who she was for several months. And when I finally got a chance to meet her, I was just, you know, stunned with, with her smile. She just exuded enthusiasm and joy and, and and bent.


You know, I talked about the, the struggle of, of recovery. There was only one thing that really kind of broke my heart and made me sad and I didn't know how I was gonna deal with it. And it was the disfigurement of my face. You know, I kind of joke, I I've had more surgery than a a Kardashian and I look a lot better now than I did then, but, but what that translated into was I thought as a 24-year-old man now 25, by the time, you know, by that point someone who, who was watching my professional career go up and smoke quite literally and figuratively that I wanted to be a husband one day I wanted to be a dad one day and I, and I could not reconcile to myself if I was being honest.


And I looked in the mirror, how would anyone see past these scars and love this man? And Amy Brown saw through the scars and she loved this man And it's an inspirational story. He's a terrific candidate. There are a lot of good Republican candidates all across the country. So again, the media are deeply reliant on burying the Republican candidates behind either lies or just ignoring them and also sort of burying the Democrats. So you never get to know the Democrats. Now the media, they're excellent at not doing their jobs. In a normal world they would be fired.


But you know, the media probably they're not using ZipRecruiter as you know folks, we live in a time where we just expect things to happen fast. The internet procures answers to any question instantly. He can touch an app, but Carl will pick you up within minutes. You can order pretty much anything and have it delivered the next day. So here's a question of the things that are still slow in your life, what else do you wish could happen really fast? Maybe exercise and fitness results. That'd be awesome if you just exercise and everything be better or the DMV. But if you're a business, the thing you cannot afford is not to fill your job openings with the best people quickly. It takes a lot of time to build your business and hire for it. But with ZipRecruiter, the hiring part is way faster. See for yourself, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within day one. Right now you can Try ZipRecruiter for FREE at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. Once again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire. We've been using ZipRecruiter here at The Daily Wire for years because we are constantly seeking better employees. In fact, we threaten our current employees with the possibility of being ZipRecruiter. You can do the same. Head on over to ZipRecruiter right now, ziprecruiter.com/ DailyWire to try it out for free.


Meanwhile, president Trump seems to have regained some of his footing in this race. It felt for weeks and weeks as though he had lost that footing because obviously his head was in the Biden race. And then of course the Democrats pulled one of the great switch, Russ of all time. They took their candidate for whom they had rigged all the primaries. They made sure that no Democrat could run a serious race against senile Joe in the primaries. And then once he had won and then they realized that he actually was not only senile, but that he was going to demonstrate to the public that he was full scale senile. At that point they decided to dump him over in favor of Kamala Harris. So you can imagine why Donald Trump was thrown by that for several weeks and he's been sort of struggling to find his footing, struggling to figure out attack lines on Kamala Harris. Well he gave a very good performance last night he did a town hall event with Sean Hannity on Fox News and the town hall event was actually pretty good.


Trump, he finally seems to be digging down into her policy positions because that's the thing he needs to attack. The thing is Kamala Harris was picked because she's an empty vessel. She was picked because she's a big nothing burger of a candidate. She looks good on TV and she says nice things off a teleprompter. And then when it comes to her actual politics, they are just as poisonous as anything the Democratic Party has ever put forward at the national level. And Trump seems to be finally, finally concentrating on that as opposed to all the kind of spurious attacks that are not going to do any good. The attacks on her code switching for example, is not gonna do much or attacks on her intelligence. People can see that and they'll make their own decision about that. Attacking her policy is gonna be the thing that Trump really can do and do with alacrity.


He did a lot of that last night here was President Trump pointing out that if Kamala Harris is in fact elected president of the United States, you will see the biggest tax increases in American history. And he is correct about this because he passed the biggest tax cuts in modern American history. If you let the Trump tax cuts expire, which he wants to do, she wants to terminate them. If you do that, you'll suffer the biggest tax increase in history. There's never been a tax increase like it. He is correct. He also pointed out her failures on foreign policy and making her own those failures is going to be the key to his campaign success. We have things going on in the world right now where with Israel and with the Middle East is blowing up.


It's blowing up. We have Ukraine and Russia. That would never happen. The whole world was a safe place. That was the question they asked Victor Orban, who's really a very considered a very strong, they said he's a strong man sometimes you need a strong man. He's a strong man. He's the prime minister of Hungary. And he said, you bring back Trump, everybody. Now I'm not saying it but he said it 'cause I'd rather say respect, but he said everybody was afraid of Trump. You bring him back, you're not gonna have any problems. It's all gonna go away. Trump also went after Kamala Harris over her border failures. Of course, They're coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen.


They're coming from prisons. They're allowing prisoners to come out of all countries that a hundred, almost 180 countries represented over the last number of months. They're emptying out the sickest people and the, they're emptying all into the United States. And you said it better than anybody, more terrorists have come into the United States in the last three years than I think probably 50 years. There's never been anything like it. He is right about all of those things and he concluded, listen, you don't have to like me, but you do have to understand that if you don't vote for me, what you're gonna get is her. That is the best pitch for Trump.


It's, it's actually a self-effacing pitch. She says, listen, you don't have to love me. You don't have to believe all the things that I say about myself. What you do have to understand is you know what my presidency looked like and you know what her presidency would look like If she won. You're not gonna have any fracking in Pennsylvania. You have 500,000 jobs. Think of that. It's your biggest business and you get a big majority of your income from fracking and you have somebody that's not gonna allow fracking, she's not gonna allow it. You can't take the chance. You have no choice. You've gotta vote for me, you've gotta vote for me. And he is right about that. He is. He also sideswiped Tim Walls. There's a bit of a story that came out yesterday when extended members of Tim Wall's family said that they were not going to vote for Tim Walls.


They were instead of gonna vote for Donald Trump. Now normally I would say that sort of stuff really isn't fair game. 'cause who cares? Who cares what the relatives of presidential candidates have to say? But turnabout is in fact fair play and we've had years of people surfacing every obscure Donald Trump relative to write pieces for the Atlantic about what Uncle Donald was like way back when. So this seems fair game. Here was Donald Trump going after Tim Walls for the fact that his family isn't voting for him. I was so honored today and she wants his path to his brother endorsed me. I saw that and his whole family, I saw the picture And Honestly it looked very, it was a very nice looking family. But his brother endorsed me and the whole family endorsed me.


I said, who are all the people? Lemme play. Lemme play. There's something, there's something weird with that guy. He's a weird guy. JD is not weird. He's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock. We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not weird Now that that is what Trump is re returning to. That's the best that Trump has been in a while. And he showed it last night.


Well, you know, it's probably a little bit insulting for Tim Walls that members of his family are, are not endorsing him, but he is running around the world talking about how he knows how to order a donut. It's an actual thing that he did for the Kamala Harris campaign. He's been ordering donuts and then he is bragging about it. You know, what he could use being a little more healthy and you know, we all could because your body needs more than just kill smoothies to operate at its best, which is why I wanna tell you about momentous. I don't believe in sort of fads or gimmicks. I believe in hard work and results. That's exactly what momentous creatine Omega-3 and protein deliver. These three supplements support nearly every aspect of foundational health from aiding cognitive function to reducing muscle and joint inflammation. My good friend and colleague Christine is a triathlete and a mom to a toddler. She's been taking the supplements daily. She's not only crushing it on the Peloton every morning, she's dominating at work as well. It's like a secret weapon for people who wanna outwork the competition. Now, in a world of questionable products, momentous stands out. They work with only the best experts in the business. They use only the highest quality ingredients. What's on the label is what's in the product and nothing else. Straight fact, no nonsense. And here's something that really impresses me. Momentous heavily invest in third party testing. They hold their products to the standard set by the most demanding organizations in the world, including the NFL and the nba. If you wanna take supplements that are made by and used by the best in the world, go to live momentous.com/shapiro or use Coach Shapiro for 20% off. That's live momentous.com/shapiro.


Meanwhile, again, Kamala Harris is just running away. She's running away from all questions. She's running away from her own policies as we'll see in, in just a moment. She is trotting out Liz Cheney. So Liz Cheney, who you'll recall was the Republican who is on the impeachment committee for Donald Trump over January 6th and all the rest of this sort of stuff. And then who lost her seat to Harriet Haman in Wyoming? Well, she has now come out and said that she's gonna vote for Kamala Harris. She said, I don't believe we have the luxury of writing in candidates names, particularly in swing states, as a conservative, as someone who believes in and cares about the Constitution. I have thought deeply about this because of the danger Donald Trump poses. Not only am I not voting for Donald Trump, I'll be voting for Kamala Harris. Now, again, I don't even understand the logic here, but your, your logic is that in order to preserve conservatism, you need to vote for a person that Liz Cheney called this direct quote from Liz Cheney, August 11th, 2020, quote, A radical liberal who had raised taxes, take away guns and health insurance and explode the size and power of the federal government.


She wants to recreate America in the image of what's happening on the streets of Portland and Seattle. We won't give her the chance. So she went from, she's a radical liberal who's gonna destroy the country country. So I need to vote for her because Donald Trump is such a grave threat. Again, I get that Liz Cheney doesn't like Donald Trump. Obviously I, I get that Liz Cheney became sort of the point of the spear for Democrats coordinating with Democrats on the January 6th committee and all of that. And then she was targeted and she lost her primary in Wyoming. I understand all of those things. Also, you can't turn over the country to a person who has pledged that if she gets a triumvirate, meaning a democratic presidency, a democratic senate, and a democratic house, she's going to radically rewrite the Constitution of the United States. They're going to eliminate the filibuster in the Senate so as to pack the Supreme Court so as to add at least two states to the United States Senate, presumably both Democrat voting states, Puerto Rico and Washington DC, thus rigging the Senate for the foreseeable future in favor of the Democrats.


They're talking about changing all of the voting rules through the John Lewis Act, which would essentially make ballot harvesting a thing across the entire nation while cracking down on voter id. They'll radically revise how immigration is done in the United States to the benefit of open borders. I mean all of these things are right on the table. How you vote for that just 'cause you don't like Donald Trump is beyond me. And again, all this talk about how Donald Trump is a threat to democracy, A threat to democracy. The big question I have to all the threats to democracy folks is please explain in detail the threats to democracy. Like in detail, what is the thing he is going to do that is going to threaten the democracy itself more than all the things I just mentioned, that Kamala Harris is absolutely going to attempt if she achieves a triumvirate and if she doesn't, by executive order as much as humanly possible, who abused Executive power more Donald Trump or Joe Biden?


The answer there is perfectly obvious. Joe Biden used the Occupational Safety and Health Administration in order to try to cram down vaccines on 80 million Americans. And only because people like us, we here at The, Daily Wire actually sued the Biden administration was that stopped. Joe Biden has repeatedly attempted to defy the Supreme Court by simply alleviating a student loan debt by simply waiving it. Joe Biden has used executive power in order to open up the southern border. And then he has attempted to sue states to prevent them from enforcing immigration law and Joe Biden's abuse of executive power, his his DOJ going after his presidential rival, his chief opponent for jaywalking.


You know it, it's astonishing. And yet we're supposed to believe that Donald Trump, because he said and did bad things between November and January of 2021. And then there was in fact a peaceful transition of power. See, it's called a peaceful transition of power when the transition of power is supposed to happen on January 20th and then it happens and the Army doesn't intervene and there's no actual coup. That's what a peaceful transition of power is, whether or not the former president shows up at the inauguration or whether he is happy with it or not. So what is it also, what is the going theory? Is the going theory here that if Donald Trump were to be reelected in 2024, that he would somehow attempt to stay in office in 2029? Is that really the going theory that Donald Trump is gonna run for a third term illegally in violation of the Constitution?


You have to be high on your own supply, but all of this is just excuse making for the fact that people don't like Trump and excuse making for the fact that Kamala Harris is actually underperforming. It turns out that many of the doubts about Kamala Harris as a candidate, they were not all for Naugh. They were not all nonsense. A lot of people doubted her ability on the stump and she's been able to hold it together for, you know, six weeks here. But she was able to hold it together for six weeks in 2019. People forget that the first few weeks of her campaign were not a total disaster area. It took a few weeks for the shine to wear off. Well now all of it is beginning to wear and it's wearing really, really thin, which presumably is why we are now activating Operation Russiagate two.


Yes, yes. It turns out the Russians are interfering in our elections again. Yay.


Well, the federal government, it comes after criminals, but it also comes after people who just didn't pay their taxes on time. And that is a thing the feds are doing right now. If you're still struggling with back tax or unfiled returns, handling it alone can be a huge mistake. It can cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is Tax Network USA With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions in back taxes regardless the size of your tax issue. Their expertise works to your advantage. Tax Network. USA offers three key services, protection, compliance, and settlement. Upon signing up tax network USA, we'll immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order ensuring that aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns or if you're just missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now that tax season is over, collection season has begun, Tax Network USA can even help with state tax issues as well. For a complimentary consultation, call today, one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit their website at t usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA.


So here's the thing, nefarious powers try to interfere in American elections. That is just a reality. China has repeatedly attempted to interfere in American elections. We know that Iran is attempting to interfere in the American election. So it's not a surprise that Russia will try to interfere in the American election. The difference is that when China does it, it is not a national news story. When Iran does it, it's pretty much buried when it's Russia because the supposition is that the Russians support President Trump for the presidency because he is not a stalwart on Ukraine or something. Despite the fact that by the way, Donald Trump in practice was harsher on Russia than Joe Biden was prior to the invasion of Ukraine. Despite all of that, the the basic idea is that Russia is going to intervene in the election in such deep and nefarious ways that you will be deceived, you will be deceived and, and again, this feels like them setting up the predicate for a crackdown on social media, for a crackdown on tech companies that allow free speech for a crackdown on say X or a crackdown on right wing media.


Now as we'll see, there's some right wing media have opened the door to that, which is really disgusting and terrible. We'll get to that in a moment. But the Biden administration is gonna play this to the hilt. Yesterday, the Biden administration prepared to publicly accuse Russia of launching a sustained campaign to influence the 2024 presidential elections using Kremlin controlled media and online platforms to spread disinformation. According to Mediaite, that accusation was to be part of a broader set of actions expected to be announced on Wednesday, including law enforcement efforts aimed at curbing the alleged Russian operation. Now this only makes sense in the context of 2020 when you had the American defense and intelligence apparatus warning people like Mark Zuckerberg that they needed to shut down the Hunter Biden story because it might be Russian disinformation.


They're setting the groundwork for that right now. If there are bad stories that break about Kamala Harris before the campaign ends, what you are going to see is the Biden administration claim that is Russian disinformation. Again, it's a convenient excuse to siphon off any sort of viewership of that information. According to four sources who talked exclusively to CNN Russian State media outlet, RT is the central focus of the US response with officials viewing it as a key tool in the Kremlin's propaganda is sheen with disinformation being funneled through both American and foreign voices. And again, that would not be a particular shock. RT obviously has a vested interest in particular points of view being elevated. The question is, how much real impact is that going to have on the election?


Well, the reason the media are covering this dusu is because they are basically saying the only way Donald Trump can win is if the Russians somehow manipulate Americans into voting for him. John Kirby, national security spokesperson, he says the Russians are now using AI to try to manipulate the election. It's much more sophisticated than what we've seen outta the Russians in the recent past, certainly in than what we saw in 2016. Yes, they're using social media but they're much more pervasive at it. They've creating false persona using artificial intelligence to help drive content and distribute content. And they're much more resourced and organized using rt. What was formerly just a propaganda organ for the Kremlin now is turned into a full covert influence activity with full funding to do this kind of work by funneling resources and and organizing editorial content in actual media outlets.


They're gonna play this up and play this up and play this up. Now of course, they're going to ignore the things like, you know, Kathy Ho's Top aid, the governor of New Yorker, top Aid being an actual Chinese spy. They'll ignore that kind of stuff because it doesn't cut in their benefit. They are going to play up Russiagate 2.0 as hard as they can Yesterday, the Attorney General Merrick Garland, he announced indictments and seizures of internet domains related to Russian interference in the election. The Justice Department is seizing 32 internet domains that the Russian government and the Russian sponsored actors have used to engage in a covert campaign to interfere and influence the outcome of our country's elections.


And meanwhile, NBC's Ryan Riley, he reported that there are that Russia, this is really the narrative they're pushing. Russia is going to be the deciding factor. They're attempting to push Trump into office. The way this indictment sort of lays out some of the documents that they, that they laid out here, they of course redact the names of the actual parties that they're speaking to here. So they're not saying explicitly that Russia is trying to help Republicans, but really that's what the documents are alleged here. They say, you know, they say party B or Party A, they don't identify Republican or Democrat. But if you just read the context of it, it's extremely easy to figure out what we're talking about here and what the US government or the Justice Department is alleging that Russia was doing really to booster Donald Trump's efforts In the, the reality is that Russia and its ability to interfere through disinformation in the American election is extremely, extremely limited.


In just one second we'll get to the third part, which is what is actually hap, what is Russia actually doing? Because it's not as though Russia's doing nothing. Russia is actually doing something and it says something nefarious about some parts of the right that Russia has been able to actually achieve that first, if you missed it in the headlines, Matt Walsh pulled off the troll of the century at the 2024 DNZ. It is absolutely hilarious. Matt actually strolled through a sea of confused liberals handing out cards for project@twentytwentyfive.com. But project 2020 five.com wasn't quite what they thought it was. The highlight Walsh actually got Don Lemon. Yes, you know Don Lemon to promote Project 2020 five.com on camera. So you have to imagine Don's face when he realizes he just gave free publicity to Matt's new movie, Am I Racist the movie that's about to turn his whole worldview upside down.


Speaking of which Am I Racist hits theaters in eight days, September 13th, head on over to mi racist.com for tickets and showtimes. Okay, meanwhile, now it's not as though there is nothing there in terms of Russia's interference in America's informational environment. The big story of the day on the right was the fact that the DOJ has put out an indictment accusing a content company, a conservative content, pseudo conservative content company out of Tennessee called Tenant Media of taking a bunch of Russian money. The indictment doesn't identify the company by name, but it is clearly tenant media that the, the people who the, the founders of Tenant media are. Lauren Chen and her husband Lauren, who started off as sort of a mainstream conservative, has moved into some pretty fringey circles of late hanging out with sort of the Nick Fuentes crowd of the world and mirroring a lot of those perverse worldviews.


But people who work for tenant media, which of course is a larger media company, include people like Dave Rubin, Benny Johnson, Tim Poole, Lauren Southern, Tyler Hansen, Matt Christensen. Apparently there are two Russian nationals named Entin, Kalashnikov and Elena. And they were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering. They were employed by RT according to the indictment. And apparently the indictment alleges that defendants have deployed nearly $10 million laed through a network of foreign shell entities to covertly fund and direct tenant media. Comments from top DOJ and FBI officials sharply announced the alleged criminal scheme as covert attempts to sow division and trick Americans into unwittingly consuming foreign propaganda and to illegally manipulating American public opinion by sowing discord and division by co-opting online commentators by funneling them nearly $10 million to pump up pro-Russia propaganda and disinformation across social media to us audiences.


And this again, is something that happens on the regular, I mean, TikTok is a Chinese owned app and they absolutely rigg the algorithms in terms of what sort of stuff you see and what sort of stuff you don't. So it's not a shock that Russia was doing this. The bigger shock is that pretty obviously according to the indictment, Lauren Chen took the cash and not only did she take the cash, it sounds like, it sounds like she then effectively lied to all of the people who were working for her company by never telling them that she was taking Russian cash. So Tim Poole, again, one of the people who was not named in the indictment, but pretty obviously referred to in the indictment, he said, should these allegations prove true?


I, as well as the other personalities and commentators were deceived. I can't speak for anyone else at the company as to what they do or what they are. Another statement was put out by Benny Johnson. He said, A year ago, a media startup pitched my company to provide content as an independent contractor. Our lawyers negotiated a standard arms length deal, which was later terminated. We were to serve by the allegations in today's indictment, which make clear that me and other influencers were victims in this alleged scheme, my lawyers will handle anyone who states or suggests otherwise. So it appears that many of sort of these popular media commentators you, including some with whom I'm friendly, that they were not aware that money was being passed from Russia to Lauren Chen and company. Now there's a great irony to Lauren Chen taking foreign cash on all this because she's accused pretty much everyone she disagrees with of being a foreign agent, particularly anybody who's pro-Israel.


Anybody who's pro-ISIS pro-Israel, Lauren Chen suggests is on the payroll of the Israeli government or is doing something deeply corrupt because of Jewish money or because of apac, or APAC is a foreign front. So while accusing everybody else of actually being in the pay of foreign parties, it sounds like Lauren allegedly was in the pay of foreign parties, which does speak to, you know, something that is in fact somewhat perverse that has risen on the right. And that is a generalized warmth toward Russia, toward Vladimir Putin. This obviously has been I, I think, a fringe of the right. I do not think this is the mainstream of the right. I think there are a lot of good reasons to doubt the American strategy with regard to Ukraine. And since early on in the Ukraine war, I've been suggesting the sort of Henry Kissinger idea, which is you have to find Ukraine sufficient to prevent them from being overrun by the Russians and then seek an off ramp.


That seems to be the reasonable solution that everybody has come to except for the Biden administration. With that said, the warmth toward Vladimir Putin that has been evidenced by people like say Lauren Chen, is bizarre in the extreme. It is bizarre in the extreme. Vladimir Putin is not a friend to the United States. He does not share priorities with the United States pretty obviously. Again, that's not a geopolitical argument about what exactly your position should be with regard to American involvement in the war in Ukraine. It is a simple fact. Vladimir Putin is a murderer. Vladimir Putin is a tyrant. Vladimir Putin is a dictator, and he does not have America's best interest at heart or anything like overlapping interests with the United States. The fact that he has found fertile ground with a particular wing of the right in the United States says something pretty negative about that segment of the right in the United States.


And so that's the underlying message, but the generalized attempt by the Biden administration or by a media that is very, very hot on this story to suggest that Russian interference is going to decide the election, or that a huge base of Trump support is coming from Russian election interference. That's absolute nonsense. That's trash. Even the amount of money they're talking about here, $10 million being spent on YouTube videos, presumably being put out or promoted by tenant media, that that ain't gonna do it. It really is not. In the same way that in 2016 it was not going to make a huge difference. There were a bunch of pretty badly put together Facebook pages that were telling grandma that voting day was the wrong day or something. The reality is that the opposition to Kamala Harris is driven by the fact that Joe Biden's an unpopular president and she's a terrible candidate.


Support for President Trump is the same as it ever was. It is driven by personal like for Trump and also a reality for people like me, which is that his first presidency had a lot of really good policy attached to it. Speaking of which Kamala Harris, if she loses, a lot of that is going to be because of Joe Biden's policies. The biggest problem she has is that it is very difficult for her to disconnect from Joe Biden's policies. This point made amazingly enough by CNN's Erin Burnett here, she was saying, you know, she keeps trying to shift her policies, but she is the vice president of the United States. People want change. And obviously I understand the change that Kamala Harris in so many ways just embodies by her existence, right? And who she is. But on policy, you know, she's been the vice president for three and a half years.


How do you make a change argument there? Or does it even matter? I mean, today we were, we were highlighting, you know, that she was gonna raise capital gains taxes by slightly less than Joe Biden was gonna raise capital gains taxes, as if that was some sort of a massive break in tax policy, right? I mean, good for Erin Burnett for pointing out the obvious here. And that is true. Kamala Harris is now saying that she's going to be the candidate who raises capital gains taxes, but slightly less than Joe Biden. Is that gonna do it? Is that gonna do it? Or is she still the candidate of higher taxes? Everyone knows she's the candidate of higher taxes. Everyone also understands she's doing that in the middle of a slowing economy. According to Axios, the labor market is cooling rapidly increasing the odds of an aggressive interest rate cut from the Federal Reserve in just two weeks.


New data out Wednesday morning bolster that case. Employers slashed the number of job openings in July and fired more workers according to the job opening and labor turnover survey data from the Labor department, the number of job openings fell by 237,000 in July. That brings the number of openings as a share of total employment down to 4.6% from 4.8%. That is the lowest rate since December, 2020. And that means that fewer open jobs, more people are getting fired. So a seriously slowing labor market at this point, presumably it's gonna be used again as the launching off point for the Federal Reserve, lowering the interest rates again. But you know, if they do that, they do run the risk of reinflating the currency, given the fact that we are not in fact at the 2% rate that everyone seeks year on year in terms of the inflation rate.


So Kamala Harris looking at raising taxes and regulations in the middle of a not particularly good economy, she's reversing herself on every position, but it's very hard for her to do that. I mean, this is, none of it washes Kamala Harris changing all of her positions, changing all of her policies, she will make a terrible president.


But let me tell you about a great president and actually about a movie about a great president that you need to see in theaters this week. Reagan. Trust me, the film will make you laugh, cry, you'll give an unprecedented look into the life and presidency of one of America's greatest leaders. Dennis Quaid. He turns in like an all time awesome performance as President Ronald Reagan from basically the time he's 40 till the time that he leaves the presidency, the charm, wit, steely, resolve of the cold warrior. It's all in there. Penelope and Miller is fantastic. As Nancy Reagan, their love story is beautifully portrayed, reminding everybody of a time when dignity in class actually resided in the White House. It's been a while. Here's what really struck me about the film. The Eerie parallels to what's going on right now. Inflation, spiraling out of control, skyrocketing gas prices, Russian aggression, and more. It's basically the 1980s they called and their foreign policy is here again. Seeing how Reagan navigated those challenges and led America to triumph is not just entertaining, it is inspiring at a time when our country needs strong leadership and inspiration. This movie serves as a poignant reminder of what presidential material looks like. Every time you buy a movie ticket, you're casting a vote with your dollars. So use the opportunity to vote for Reagan one more time. Run up your family, your friends, maybe even at local Young Republicans Club. Go to reagan movie.com and grab your tickets today. That's reagan movie.com and get tickets today.


So yesterday, Kamala Harris put out an ad in which she's literally walking next to Donald Trump's border wall. Remember she called that thing a medieval contraption, a medieval era contraption. Here she was now putting out an ad walking next to Donald Trump's border wall. Kamala Harris has spent decades fighting violent crime as a border state prosecutor. She took on drug cartels and jailed gang members for smuggling weapons and drugs across the border. As Vice president. She backed the toughest border control bill in decades. And as president, she will hire thousands more border agents and cracked down on fentanyl and human trafficking.


Fixing the border is tough. So is Kamala Harris, I'm Kamala Harris and I approve this message. Welcome to the Republican Party, Kamala. I mean, it's just absurd. It's an absurdity and everybody knows it's an absurdity, particularly because the stats demonstrate that it's an absurdity. That Wall Street Journal has an entire piece out today titled How Immigration Remade the US Labor Force. And what it shows is the insane level of net immigration into the United States. Look at the spike between 2021 and 2024. You are talking about net immigration into the United States in the year 2023, exceeded 3 million, probably almost three and a half million since the start of 2021.


Net immigration to the United States has totaled roughly 9.3 million people. That's three times the net number of people that entered the country over the prior four years. The vast bulk of those people are illegal immigrants, vast bulk. They try to make this about, you know, generalized immigration. But the truth is that lawful permanent resident numbers, green card holders have actually been fairly stagnant since the, since the George Double W Bush era. That really has not changed in terms of numbers. In fact, it's a little lower under Joe Biden than it was under Barack Obama. Donald Trump lowered it and then Joe Biden kept it at fairly low levels. When you look at the non-immigrant group, which are temporary workers and student visitors and officials of foreign governments, the that non-immigrant group is actually quite small.


Very, very small because a lot of people left the United States. There were changes in status and all the rest. The place where it absolutely exploded is illegal immigration. The illegal immigration numbers are insane under Joe Biden and everybody knows it. This is not a giant secret. Joe Biden's illegal immigration numbers dwarf the combined entirety of the last three administrations and, and yet we're somehow supposed to believe that she's tough on the border and she's gonna walk alongside that border wall. By the way, she's not even good at walking back her own positions. So apparently, according to Axios, vice President Kamala Harris's campaign won't say whether she supports requiring automakers to build only electric or hydrogen vehicles by 2035. That was a position she took during her 2020 campaign for President Harris's campaign has been trying to walk that back, right?


Get rid of the EV mandate. Well, the problem is Axios asked Harris to clarify her position because she said, I am no longer in favor of the EV mandate. So that, so Axios asked a pretty obvious question. Okay, let's say you have a Democratic Senate and they pass it, you're gonna veto it if you're president of the United States on Tuesday afternoon. Harris's campaign ultimately declined to comment. So she keeps saying that she switched her position, but the real question is going to be if they simply passed the stuff she wanted in 20 19, 20 20, is she gonna veto any of it? Who believes she's gonna veto any of it? You'd have to be insane to believe she's gonna veto any of it, because she's not going to veto any of it. And again, if she becomes the President and she has a Democratic Senate and a Democratic house, she's going to change the Supreme Court.


In fact, even current members of the Supreme Court, remember, we're only supposed to worry about the politicization of the Supreme Court by the So-called right wingers on the court. Keji Brown Jackson was on the View yesterday and she literally suggested openly that democracy means that we need to change the Supreme Court. I guess I think about all of this as democracy at work, public engagement, these ideas of reforms are the kinds of things that have been around since the beginning of our republic. In the book I mentioned Alexander Hamilton. Yeah. And debating with the anti-Federalists over term limits for the Supreme Court. So this is something that has, you know, been around for a long time as a justice, we try not to participate in those debates.


But you know, it's very interesting to note that this is what democracy calls for. Yeah. When democracy calls for changes to the Supreme Court, remember Liz Cheney, it is only Donald Trump who's a threat to the institutions of the United States. Already coming up, there was a major school shooting at a Georgia high school, and of course this means calls for gun control. There's only one problem. As always, we get to that momentarily. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapira checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Those Growing up I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me, Am, I, Racist. I Would really appreciate it. If you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Joining us now is Matt, certified DEI expert. Here's my certifications, and what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. Listen, more for you in this view, is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones, so inherently, yes. This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or black person right here? Does he not exist? Say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. Just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. Ain't gonna say you racist. Buy your tickets now in theater. September 13th rated PG 13.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank


Mayflower cigars. Where will the voyage take? You honor a legacy steeped in tradition and excellence with Mayflower cigars. Each vila is handcrafted, blended, and aged for and until precisely the right time. From dawn to dusk, go to mayflower cigars.com today and see where the voyage takes you. You must be 21 years old or older to order some exclusions apply.