
Life can throw a lot your way in the morning. You might be battling drop off times while your kids are battling imaginary monsters or their shoelaces. But no matter what life brings life, cereal puts a smile on everyone's face with 24 grams of whole grains and unexpected sweetness in every serving. It's sure to please even the pickiest eaters help start your mornings with life cereal. I really love my life.


Folks. We are gonna be here tomorrow night, which is why you need to check out our trailer for tomorrow night. Here it is, November 5th, the night America's fate is decided. As the final votes are counted and a nation waits for the outcome. Join us to break down the live election results as only Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Lowes, Andrew Klavin, and Jeremy Bo Can with special guests appearing live in studio, Dr. Jordan B. Peterson, Dennis Prager and Spencer Kleer DailyWire election night 2024, get realtime results and exclusive insights from the most trusted names in conservative media. This is more than an election. It's history in the making.


Join the DailyWire as each vote is counted. Each state called and each race decide.


Well folks, as you know, one last chance this time it couldn't matter more, get 47% off your new DailyWire plus your annual membership with code Fight 47% off. As we rally behind the future 47th, president Donald Trump goes to DailyWire dot com today. Join us as we fight the left and build America's future already, folks.


So it's down to the wire. It's the day before the election. According to the latest real clear politics polling average Donald Trump is up in national polling by 0.1%. Okay? In Georgia, according to real clear politics, he's leading by 2.3% in North Carolina by 1.5% in Pennsylvania by 0.3% in Arizona by 2.6% and Nevada by 1%. Meanwhile, according to that same real clear politics, polling average Kamala Harris is leading in Michigan by 0.6% and in Wisconsin by 0.3%. I'll suffice it to say every single one of these battleground states is well within the margin of error. What does that mean? Well, it means a significant polling error in Trump's favor turns what appears to be a dead heat election into a blowout for him and a significant polling error in Kamala Harris' direction turns it into a blowout for her, and the polls are all over the place.


According to Atlas Intel, Trump is currently leading in every single one of the swing states. By contrast, according to the New York Times Ciena poll, Trump is behind in Nevada, but ahead in Arizona and all the other swing states are essentially dead. Even with Harris up just like a point or two in Georgia, Wisconsin and North Carolina. The bottom line is nobody knows anything. As Nate Cohen of the New York Times points out quote across these final polls, white Democrats were 16% likelier to respond than white Republicans. That's a large disparity than our earlier polls this year. It's not much better than our final polls in 2020. Even with the pandemic over, it raises the possibility the polls could underestimate Trump yet again. How about those early votes? And you're hearing a lot about the early voting. Well, the early votes tell us pretty much nothing.


They show the Republicans, unlike in 2020 when they idiotically told people not to show up early to vote. They've done a way better job than in 2020 of getting out the early vote. But those may be high propensity voters who are already gonna vote for Trump. It's called cannibalizing the day of vote. Meanwhile, female voters are indeed showing up in droves, but the same story may apply for the Democrats. Those people may have voted day of and now they're voting early. So everyone is now relegated to reading chicken and trails. When Anne Seltzer widely respected as one of the best pollsters in the country came out, the shocking poll on Saturday that had Kamala Harris leading Trump in Iowa by three Democrats erupted into spasms of ecstasy. At last. Here finally was the evidence that Trump will be subdued. The Trump monster will be chained up and Kamala Harris will emerge victorious like a beautiful butterfly.


But here's the thing, it's not quite that simple. So the seltzer poll is pretty clearly an outlier. Emerson, for example, has Trump up nearly 10 points in the state right now, and Iowa is a Republican state at this point. The Republican party has a registered voter advantage over the Democratic party of some 173,000 voters. So here's the bottom line on that poll. We should take it with a giant grain of salt. Nate Silver says quote, releasing this poll took an incredible amount of guts because let me state this as carefully as I can. If you had to play the the odds this time, Anne Seltzer will probably be wrong. So here's the bottom line. Stop reading the chicken RAs, stop worrying about the polls. Go vote now if you have not already. So on Friday I voted early, said to my wife, and I voted of course for President Donald J. Trump.


Now for the final time before the election, let me explain just why. Now, here's the thing. I wanna explain why I voted for Trump, not to the den Trump voter. You already know the case for Trump, obviously if you voted for him or if you're planning to vote for him, and I'm not explaining it to the person who believes that Donald Trump is a hit layering in menace. If you believe that, forget about me connecting you to Trump, nothing I say can reconnect you to reality itself. I'm addressing people who might have holdups about Donald Trump on character grounds, but like his policy or people who think that Kamala Harris is a change candidate for some reason, or people who are worried about the supposed threat to institutions from Trump but aren't crazy enough to stay up nights worrying about concentration camps or box cars from a second Trump administration. For all of you folks who are thinking about staying home, maybe you're wavering.


I think it's necessary to explain my reasoning. After all, I went from somebody who did not vote in 2016 for either Trump or Hillary. That was my first time ever abstaining from a presidential vote because I felt that both were unfit for office. And then I voted for Trump in 2020 and then this year I voted for a campaign with and gave money to Donald Trump. So there are essentially three reasons that I support Donald Trump. The first is Trump himself. The second is Kamala Harris, and the third is the institutions. Now I'm gonna go through them one by one. So let me begin by acknowledging many of the concerns of those of you who are hesitant about Donald Trump on character grounds. As you know from listening to the show consistently, I don't like a lot of the stuff that Donald Trump says. I'm not in love with the wild statements on truth social about various controversies of the day.


I'm not voting 'cause I care about his hot take on Taylor Swift or Robert Pattinson dating Kristen Stewart or something. I'm not big on the bull ery that Trump often banned. He's about with regard to topics large and small. So for example, I think the evidence is skimpy. There's widespread pet barbecuing in Springfield, but, but here's the thing about Trump underlying a lot of the BSY is truth. This is just how Trump talks. He speaks in superlatives. He exaggerates for effect. He tells stories he's half heard, and then he repeats them in inflated fashion. It's what he does. That's why taking him totally, literally is silly. But he is generally, he's generally correct on the central point. So for example, whether or not there's widespread eating of the pets in Springfield, illegal immigration is out of control and it is changing small towns.


The regulatory and tax regime of the Biden Harris regime has generated historic inflation and burdened America with the future of economic stagnation. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are unprecedentedly, cowardly and weak on foreign policy. Here's the biggest thing, I'm not voting for Donald Trump because I need some sort of moral exemplar. I am not a child. I'm an adult human voter. I have plenty of people in my life I use as moral guides and sounding boards. I've got my parents, I've got members of my community. I've got great philosophers and thinkers I talk to regularly. To me, politicians aren't gods. They're not great leaders. At least not very often, they're plumbers. The question is whether they will fix the toilet. Donald Trump fixes the toilet. Kamala Harris throws a cherry bomb in it.


We don't have to speculate about this. We know it's true because Trump has already been president and he was a hell of a lot better than Kamala Harris has been as vice president. So let's talk policy. Let's begin with general governing worldview. Donald Trump believes that America's founding principles are great. When he says, make America great again, that's what he means. He means America's founding principles, we should restore them. He doesn't believe that America was built on racism and sexism and bigotry and homophobia and all the rest of that litany. He believes America is a land of opportunity for everyone and should be. He doesn't identify winning with exploitation or losing with victimhood. He doesn't believe in the morally idiotic, oppress or oppressed matrix by which we can determine solely based on someone's failure, whether society has been mean to them.


This, by the way, is actually the great battle of our time because as we will discuss, Kamala Harris is a, an ardent devotee of wokeness. The belief that those who fail are oppressed and those who succeed in America are oppressors. That worldview means incentivizing failure and punishing success in every area of human life. I've called it the morality of scavenging before, and that's what it is. So what does that mean? Well, it means that Donald Trump generally believes in economic meritocracy. Now, if there's one thing you know about Donald Trump, the dude loves winning. He's all about winning. We know it right? Like it or hate it. That is his gauge of success in every endeavor of of human achievement. What that means is that generally he values merit. So for example, he wants an economy where innovators and entrepreneurs like Elon Musk are given the freedom and incentive to take us to Mars, not an economy where Kamala Harris's Department of Justice sues Elon Musk for failure to hire enough refugees or immigrants on new visas.


Donald Trump wants an economy where businesses are worried about creating the best goods, products, and services for the lowest price, not about the dumb regulations coming from the EPA or the diversity, equity and inclusion regime of the corporate office. This is why Donald Trump wants lower taxes and less regulation and more dynamic business as a result. So what about all the talk about tariffs? Yes, tariffs are generally bad economic policy, but Trump is transactional. Hey, this is his thing about tariffs. Look how he did it in the first term. He uses tariffs as a way to cudgel other countries to behave according to the basic rules of the road in international markets. Tariffs, he thinks, I think correctly, are a great way of ensuring that countries like China don't simply dump endless amounts of money into industries that threaten American safety while stealing America and technology.


And Trump isn't wrong about this. This is why Donald Trump had a thriving economy. Wage growth beat inflation over his term by 15%. Inflation grew at just 1.9% per annum, which is below what the Federal Reserve seeks, which is about 2%. There is a reason people are nostalgic for the Donald Trump economy and really don't like the Biden Harris economy. Now, because Trump is not a devote T of the evil, oppressor, oppressed matrix, he knows that other countries have interest that are not ours. When Donald Trump says America first, he doesn't mean isolationism. I know that 'cause he told me that on this show and you heard him do it. He doesn't mean Charles Lindbergh or Father Coughlin. He means that America's interests ought to be first and foremost, and that very often those interests can be protected only through the credible threat of the use of force.


Donald Trump innately understands turns. I've told this story before, but it's worth telling it again. So I held a fundraiser for Donald Trump a few months ago and he told this story. Here's what he said. He said, you wanna know why Vladimir Putin never invaded Ukraine on my watch? Because I called him and I told him, vla vla, don't you vla, don't you do it? And Vlad said, Vladimir, he said, why not Mr. President? And I said, because blah, if you do, I'm gonna bomb the bleep out of you. And he said, no, you want Mr. President? And I said, well, I might. So then Trump turns to me and knows exactly what he's doing. He says quote. And you know what? If there's even a 5% chance the US military and most powerful military in the history of the world is gonna bomb the bleep outta here, you don't do it.


See, Trump knows that innately, which is why the world became far more peaceful under Donald Trump. China for the first time saw perhaps it didn't have a patsy in Donald Trump. Believe it or not, bipartisan opposition to Chinese aggression grew radically under Trump. Democrats went anti-China, under Trump. Russia did not invade Ukraine under Donald Trump. They kept calling him a Russian tool. Russia did not invade Ukraine under Donald Trump. It did under both Joe Biden before him and Joe Biden after him. And of course, while Obama and Biden radically incentivized the growth of the evil terror regime in Iran, it was Donald Trump who contained Iran impoverished. It, brokered the Abraham Accords, the first blossoming of peace in the Middle East in decades. Trump gets it.


Okay, so that's the positive case for Trump. That's why I'm voting for Trump now the case against Kamala. Why I'm voting, voting against Kamala Harris. So here's the thing, Kamala Harris, it's hard to demonize her because she's not important. She's not an important figure in and of herself. She's been an empty vessel, literally her entire political career. She's actually not good at the game. I know people try to portray her as good at the game she's great about. No she isn't. She couldn't speak straight to the point of her life depended on it. She spews a ghastly word vomit that would put the fat kid from stand by me pie eating contest to shame. She vacillates wildly between insane leftism like when she ran for president in 2020 to foe hawkish to fun crime prosecutor. That's what she's been trying to do in this campaign, and none of it washes.


It's all totally fake. She's insincere, she's charmless, she's terrifically inauthentic. She's the polar express of political candidates. She inhabits the Uncanny Valley full-time. She bought a full scale vacation home there and she leaves in the uncanny valley. She surrounded herself with other residents of the island of misfit coin and Uber irritating tools. Doug Emh Hof, her allegedly nanny impregnating religious Jew impersonating, allegedly ex-girlfriend, slapping husband Tim Walls, pretend Ultraman, who pretends to be a gun fanatic but can't load one who play acts of being a football coach but can't even use football terminology properly. And all the rest of this ridiculous crew. And of course, Kamala Harris would not be there if she weren't just a tool of the Democratic machine.


She was put in place in 2020 by Barack Obama and the rest of the Democratic upper echelon who decided that Joe needed a woman of color on the ticket. Then after she failed dramatically as vice president, most unpopular VP in modern American history, she failed at every job she was given. Then she was jabbed into the presidential nomination by the same machine, which suddenly we realized that Joe Biden's brain had died some years before. Kamala Harris is not joy. She's not brat. She's an empty pantsuit and she always was always dating all the way back to Willie Brown. But that doesn't mean she isn't dangerous because like Joe Biden, she's actually just an inept weather vane for the Democratic Party as a whole. And that party has embraced the failure and radicalism of its most insane members.


We'll get to more on this in a second, but first,


as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable, but here's the good news, conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations and mls. ID 1 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Okay, so back to why I'm voting against Kamala Harris. Let's begin with her worldview. Kamala Harris, like Joe Biden before her, has said that equity equity ought to be at the center of all of her policy. She doesn't mean equality of rights, she means equality of outcome. That's what she means by equity. She hasn't been shy about this. She's put out videos about this. She has said it repeatedly in different contexts for literally years. She really truly believes that virtually all disparities are a result of discrimination, which means that any group that underperforms has been exploited by an evil system that requires an uprooting. The world's a system of oppressors and oppressed, and it is the job of the federal government to rectify those imbalances both domestically and abroad.


For some groups, no evidence need to be shown to demonstrate victimization. Say women in the United States who currently constitute a majority of college graduates, we just label them victimized because historic victimization is enough for other groups. Even evidence of current victimization must be ignored so long as members of those groups are disproportionately successful. And here I'm looking at Asians and Jews. Asians can be barred from college because of course they're white adjacent and Jews, despite being the most targeted group in America by hate crimes on a per capita basis, they're too successful. They're actually victimizers. Well, this is an evil worldview. It incentivizes failure. It punishes success. It treats people not as individuals, but as members of classes. It is entirely 100% grade a anti-Americanism.


It tears Americans apart on the basis of identity, on the basis of characteristics they can't control. And no, it is not going away. She's trying to hide it, but is the essence of her entire campaign, which treats women and men as enemies. This campaign has been so anti-male, it's insane. I mean from the ads that say that women should lie to their husbands and have to lie to their husbands, to the trotting out of the lie that Donald Trump and all of his supporters somehow want to make it so that women can't live in America. It's like a line they use repeatedly. This campaign ignores hatred of Jews so long as it comes from intersectional communities. There's a full scale terror attack in Chicago by an illegal immigrant who was Muslim sh shouting Ahu Akbar and the Kamala Harris campaign had nothing to say, and this campaign promises endless benefits including the very redefinition of reality to marginalized groups.


That's how Tim Walls ends up stumping for tampons in the boys' bathroom, pretending boys are girls as a SOP to a marginalized group. This is how the Biden Harris White House has repeatedly attempted to enshrine racism in law. It's why Kamala Harris, for example, has suggested like $20,000 giveaways to various racial and ethnic groups. Okay, that is racist and it's wrong and it's violative of the Constitution. Harris' economic policies are rooted in the same worldview. So are the democratic parties as a whole. Thus, businesses that are successful are definitionally according to her and her party exploiters. They should have their wealth exp appropriated and spent as Kamala Harris and her friends see fit. They've never run a business, by the way. They have have no clue how to spend money, but they're gonna spend it better than business people and they're gonna spend it on groups they seek to politically cultivate regulations are simply ways to establish equality of outcome.


Innovators must be punished as oppressors. They're bad. The rich are seen as a separate class from everyone else, despite the fact that income mobility remains the hallmark of the American economy. Again, I know many, many, many rich people, I'm talking billionaires, virtually none of them started even as millionaires. This is one of my bugaboos. I hate this. Okay? This basic idea that there is like the rich and then everyone else in my life. I've gone from very not rich to very rich. I'm the same person. There may be a point in the future where I go back from very rich to not very rich. Again, that is how it works in an income mobile economy. But everything is based in this Marxist lie that there are classes in American society that are uncrackable and unshakeable, and so the system has to be torn down. The answer to everything.


For Kamala Harris and her team control top down control higher taxes, more spending, more regulation, giveaways, takings, borrowing. That's Kamala Harris's program and that's why Joe Biden brought about 20% inflation, the worst inflation in 40 years. It's why inflation outpaced wages for the vast majority of his tenure. It's also why even before Joe Biden launched his massive spending initiatives, his White House forecast stagnating growth a decade into the future. Okay? Understand that's not a bug of the democratic program. That is a feature. They would rather have equality in stagnation than inequality in prosperity, and now extend this crap worldview to the realm of foreign policy.


The woke ideology means weakness and surrender in the face of foreign predations. That's what it means. It treats muscular and self-confident American defense as a weakness and cowardice and surrender as a virtue. Kamala Harris says she was the last person in the room on Afghanistan. You know what? I believe her? Both she and Joe Biden still brag about the worst foreign policy embarrassment of our lifetimes. The pub from Afghanistan was hideous. It was ugly. It was un-American in which billions in military equipment was left behind for the Taliban, one of the worst groups on earth as erstwhile allies. People we had worked with and given promises to were hunted down by the Taliban or were falling off wheel wells at Bagram Airbase, a pullout in which 13 American service members were blown up while they were trying to help innocent civilians escape a pullout that ended with 19 million women stuffed into burkas in basements deprived of any hope of a normal or decent life, and with no capacity for us to do anti terroror operations anywhere in the region.


They were lying the entire time. Our over the horizon capacity, it didn't exist. It was the weakness in Afghanistan that led Vladimir Putin to invade Ukraine and Joe Biden's. First move, by the way, was to offer Vladimir Zelensky a plane ride out. Then Joe Biden and team pursued the dumbest foreign policy available, a commitment to unspecified victory while slow walking the actual aid that might attain something resembling it. Meanwhile, the Chinese are on the move. They've been building steadily in the South China Sea increasing the actual building of military bases in territory. They don't own threatening Taiwan moving forward with every possible aggressive act short of war. Move on over to the Middle East. It is the same story except much worse. Joe Biden came into office. He immediately alienated the Saudis and the Israelis, our actual allies in the region in a misguided attempt to establish parody with Iran simultaneously freeing up billions of dollars to Iran to spread terrorism and build up ballistic missile technology.


All of that culminated in the current seven front war launched on Israel, our ally by Iranian proxies, which began with the slaughter of 1200 Israelis in the kidnapping of 250 people, including American hostages on October 7th. So what did Joe Biden and Kamala Harris do? They slow walked aid to the Israelis. They criticized them. They said that it was the Israelis who were doing terrible things. They undermined the government of Israel openly attempting to oust the sitting prime minister of Israel. They openly threaten Israel with cutoffs in military shipments. They're doing it right now. Literally right now, they're threatening a full cutoff in military shipments to Israel by November 13th. If they don't take Joe Biden and Kamala Harris's advice on fighting Hamas or Hezbollah or Iran, advice from Dard, and most of all, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have been total utter, complete cowards in standing up to the massive tsunami of Jew hatred that has emerged from their own support base.


They've said nothing about Rashida lib, nothing about Ilhan, nothing about what's happening on college campuses. Nothing. They have nothing to say about it. They'll say it obviously. Well, we don't want people, you know, messing up the university, but they will never say that what these people are protesting for is wrong and bad and evil. Instead, Kamala Harrison company have implied that Israel is the problem that Israel is committing a genocide, which it is not, and that those protesting American support for Israel have a solid case. She has said that herself. And then of course there's the border, which really is a foreign policy issue because Kamala Harris believes that America is rooted in xenophobia and racism. She has presided over a wide open, wide open, unprecedented in the history of the country.


There are only two reasons Anyone in high office would open the border this wide first in order to change the voting demographic of the country. I'm just speaking logically here. These are the only reasons you would do this. Second, because they believe the United States somehow owes citizens of other countries, residents in America because America bears some sort of blood guilt for everything happening around the world, which is an aspect of wokeness for Kamala Harris. Probably both are true. Okay, finally, the third reason I'm voting for Donald Trump is because of the institutions. Now, I know for those who are moderates who are thinking about Trump, who are a little wary, I know this one seems to boggle minds because everyone on the left talks nonstop about January 6th, 2021. I get it. Thanks to Donald Trump's legal and public relations maneuvering between November's 2020 and January 6th, 2021.


This is where the left has made their head. Now listen, I saw no evidence of Trump's contentions at the time on electoral fraud, on widespread electoral fraud. I said so he had every right to challenge the stuff in the court. He had to show the evidence. I didn't think he did. I thought his statements about Mike Pence's ability to single-handedly refuse to certify votes from the states was both morally and factually wrong. By the way, I thought January 6th was morally wrong as well and tragic, although to be sure, many of the people who are prosecuted have certainly been over prosecuted. I know some of them. There are people who have been prosecuted to the full extent of the law for basic trespassing into the capitol in ways that BLM rioters were burning down cities were not. But listen, Donald Trump is not the threat to the institutions of the United States.


Here's the thing that nobody wants to talk about with regards to January 6th, 2021. There was another date that happened January 20th, 2021, okay? And that's when Donald Trump left office. All the institutions survived Donald Trump with flying colors. Those who say there wasn't a peaceful transfer of power in January, 2021, they are lying. There're lying. A riot that was in January 6th does not mean there was a non peaceful transfer of power there. That's not how transfer of power works, okay? There was, that is why Joe Biden took office without a military operation. It's why Donald Trump left office as constitutionally specified, right? He wasn't holed up in the White House like Al Pacino in Scarface, snorting bags of Coke and saying hello to my little friend.


That's not what happened. The constitutional checks and balances held up. And here's the thing. If Donald Trump were to win those particular checks and balances would never even be implicated specifically because Trump would've won. There would be no further challenge to an election. Democrats have far graver plans for our institutions, and they say it openly what's worse? They also plan to uphold the power of institutions that totally lost their legitimacy and should actually be torn down. So let's start with the institutions that need to be preserved and who is the threat to them. Let's start with the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court of the United States remains a Bo work institution in our constitutional structure, of course, and so long as who's doing the bidding of the left, the left, agreed. The power of judicial review is embedded in all of our legal structures, but it was Democrats who killed the judicial filibuster and then wh when Mitch McConnell did the same in order to confirm Trump's Supreme Court nominees, it is not Republicans who threatened the Supreme Court.


It is Kamala Harris who has pledged to kill the filibuster to try to pack the courts or institute term limits. The Supreme Court is no longer the play thing of the left thanks to Donald Trump, and so the left is going to take its ball and go home. Meaning they just wanna break it. They wanna destroy it. You see them doing this on a day-to-day basis. They tell about how the justices are corrupt. They're not. They talk about how the justices need to be termed out name the justice. They didn't feel that way about Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Then there's Congress. Start with the Senate. Kamala Harris has already said she would kill the filibuster in the Senate, thus allowing controversial legislation to pass with a bare majority with 51 votes. Okay? Now that is a bad idea. The reason that's a bad idea is because the founders created a system of checks and balances that requires near unanimity in the United States in order to do big things.


That's good because the status quo ante generally is what most Americans like. In order to make a big change, you should have to have, you know, like a big and durable majority. Democrats wanna get rid of that. They want a bare majority in the Senate to do big things. Presumably this would include the creation of two new states, Washington, DC, and Puerto Rico, in an attempt to add four new Democratic senators, thus permanently stacking the Senate in favor of Democrats. They also want to ram through the so-called equality act, which is an LBGTQ plus minus divided by signed giveaway. It's really a great violation of religious liberty. They wanna ram through the John Lewis Voting Rights Act, which federalizes election procedures and loosens protections against fraud and ballot harvesting.


They wanna push all sorts of other radical pieces of legislation. By the way, it was Democrats who started the process of barring Republicans from committee assignments in the house. Look for them to continue that practice and exacerbate it. How about the Department of Justice? So there's been tons of talk in this election cycle about how Trump will weaponize the DOJ against his enemies. Here's the thing, he was already president and he didn't remember that time when everybody at his rallies was chanting, lock her up about Hillary Clinton. You know, it's a thing that didn't happen. Hillary Clinton being locked up, Joe Biden was not investigated by the DOJ under Donald Trump, but Joe Biden has activated the DOJ personally against Trump. Not that he's activated it personally and made the call, but he has activated it against Donald Trump personally.


Democrats would certainly use the DOJ to target any political opponent they could as they have Donald Trump. By the way, that would only be the tip of the iceberg. The the, the dirty secrets that this is nothing new. Barack Obama's IRS targeted his opponents as well. The executive branch is large and it is powerful, and it is Democrats who have used it against their opponents. Kamala Harris would also be an opponent of federalism. The American system is built again on the idea of consensus, which means most things happen at the state level. Okay, that's good. Democrats don't want that. Many people are worried about the implications of the Supreme Court overruling Roe versus Wade, but all that did is send the issue of abortion back to the states where it started in the first place. Democrats want to re federalize abortion, have the federal government regulate it, and then they wanna do the same on nearly every issue.


Democrats see the states, at least red states as the enemy. They want a homogenous rule of law all over the country. They want the entire country governed like California. There are a few policies better prone to lead to a breakdown of the United States itself than doing that, than coming after the States. And then finally, there are the institutions that matter most and require preservation, church and family. What Edmund Burke called the Little platoons of society. These are the institutions that actually build social fabric. You know, the places where we make friends and share family, where we build lives together, the lives we actually live together, right? We don't spend most of our day reading the Congressional record. We spend most of our day being with our family, being at church, meeting members of our community, doing things for them, doing things with them.


Kamala Harris's, federal government vision, crowds, these institutions, out churches in the Kamala Harris view, so long as they're not just propagandas for the progressive worldview, flying LGBTQ plus minus divided by sign flags instead of, you know, the cross are barriers to the rule of the elite. They have to be torn away. They should be targeted with tax law. They should be broken in favor of abortion on demand. As Kamala Harris herself who said, no religious exemptions with regards to abortion law, Catholic charities should be forced to participate in the abortion machine. Families too are a danger. They might in fact re inculcate traditional virtue. There's nothing new in this. The left has always seen families as little repression chambers for traditional value. Thus federal policy has to favor the destruction of the family in favor of values taught by say, Randy Weingart at the National Education Association.


Children actually have to be protected from their parents because parents are bad. Parents might be religious, parents might have traditional values. Instead, they have to be indoctrinated by members of the state so they can emerge from the chrysalis of left-wing values, a full fledged butterfly of wokeness. This is precisely why Tim Wall's, Minnesota is a sanctuary state for so-called transgender children, right? Parents are the problem and the state knows better than the parents. Okay? Then there's the other side of the coin. The institutions that deserve to be B, but which Kamala Harris would totally preserve. Let's start with the universities. Okay? The universities are the biggest scam in American life. The biggest bar none. Liberal arts studies have become indoctrination centers for the left. Colleges are there now to teach students to protest their civilization, become good little left wing appic activists.


That's what they are rather than to be good citizens. The left encourages this, they want it. It is not a coincidence that Senate majority leader, Chuck Schumer was recently caught on email telling the president of Columbia University to ignore Jew hatred on campus since he said only Republicans were upset. The universities are the corrupt preserve of the radical left that the breeding ground for democratic donors and leaders, they are the engine of wokeness. They ought to be torn down as they currently stand. I'm not talking about the STEM program at MIT, I'm talking about the liberal arts aspects of these universities that are there only to churn out good little left wing activists. Kamala Harris wouldn't just preserve these universities, should would strengthen them infinitely by giving them billions of dollars in student loan bailout money.


Donald Trump would not. Then of course, there is the legacy media. Now, as I've said before, the legacy media are the tail end of the Democrat media, human centipede. Then just whatever Democrats tell them, and then they excrete the adjusted product onto the American people. That's how the media spent, for example, two years telling us that Joe Biden was mentally competent. If you didn't believe it, you were engaging in cheap fakes only to flip when they got embarrassed and he died on stage with Donald Trump, and they told us he had to go for two weeks. And then as soon as Kamala Harris was put back in place, they went right back to ignoring the fact that our president is non-com menis. So has to preserve him in the presidency. There's not a day that goes by in which legacy media don't prove that they're stenographers for Democrats. You know, the entire lie that was told the end of last week that Donald Trump wanted Liz Cheney executed is trotted out there by the entire legacy media.


And it was a lie because again, the media work effectively speaking for the Democrats, the same simply isn't true for Republicans. When Republicans are in power, the legacy media actually tried to hold them to account and they treat them as the enemy. The legacy media will, by the way, be wrecked by the free market that's happening, trust in legacy media's at all time lows. But it will not happen if Kamala Harris and her friends work to enshrine the legacy monopolistic dominance by cracking down on the social media platforms that allow alternative media to thrive. That's precisely what they plan to do. The goal for the left is to pressure social media to remove alternatives. So you are just stuck permanently with the legacy media in control, right? That is the goal.


Okay? So I've made the case here for Donald Trump and against Kamala Harris. There are good reasons to vote for Trump other than disliking Harris. I've made that clear. I gave you independent reasons why I would vote for Trump, even against another Democrat. But here is the funny thing about this particular election. Almost no one thinks the opposite. Most Democrats believe that voting for Kamala is worthwhile, not because they can actually make an affirmative case for Kamala Harris. That case is not makeable. She's awful. They can only make a case against Trump, and that should worry. You see, here's the thing. The case against Trump is speculative. Back before Donald Trump was ever president, I might even have agreed with that case. As I've said already, I didn't vote for either candidate in 2016 because the case for both was speculative.


But then here's the funny thing that happened. Donald Trump was the president, and so I know what his presidency will be. A solid economy, an excellent foreign policy, a fight against woke ideology that endangers our future. And I know what Kamala Harris will be too. That's not speculative either. She is not some sort of cipher who emerged from the clouds. She's the sitting vice president of the United States, and she cannot name a single way. She disagrees with Joe Biden, not one. Joe Biden was a tool of the woke left. He presided over economic stagnation, foreign policy collapse, the continued fraying of our social compact. She would do precisely the same thing. And that's why you should ignore all the alarmists. If you're on the fence, you should ignore all the alarmism on all sides.


There's no mystery to this election. We know what Trump two would look like. Trump won, and we know what Kamala Harris would look like. Biden two, that's the call. That's the whole thing. Ain't no more. That's the whole thing. So here's the thing, again, you don't have to love Donald Trump. You don't even have to like Donald Trump. You don't have to like what he says. You don't have to like the truth social, you don't have to like all the weird stuff that he does. But you do need someone to fix the problems that plague the country, not make them worse, not exacerbate them, not set the country on fire. The person who's gonna fix those problems is Donald Trump. That's why on Friday I voted for him. All right, folks, in a second, we'll get to the actual news of the day.


The closing stretcher is no secret. That anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brands, silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor alrightyy.


So let's go to the closing stretch of this campaign. So we are now 24 hours away from just being a few hours away from knowing who won the election. Maybe, maybe kind of, it's gonna be a slow process. I mean, just your forecast for tomorrow night. So we are broadcasting tomorrow night. That is your reminder, which is why you should head on over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Pick up a subscription. Right now I get 47% off that annual subscription with promo code fight. Go check it out right now. But okay, we are now in the closing stretch and Kamala has a couple of closing arguments and they're both fake. So Kamala closing argument number one, she's still trying to do the brat routine. Now, as we discussed, Kamala Harris is a total empty suit. Ain't nobody excited about Kamala Harris. Seriously. I know tons of Democrats.


None of them are like, oh my God, she is so fetch. She is so Brad, I'm still feeling the joy. Listen, you know what that joy was? That joy was the glee that you got away with murdering the current president of the United States politically. That is the, that is the joy that you felt, that moment of just ecstasy that you felt when you realized that Joe Biden was not gonna be the nominee. It was not about Kamala Harris, it was about not Joe Biden. That's what that was. But she's still trying to do it. She's still trying to make fetch happen. So on Saturday night, she did a surprise cold open in violation of FCC regulations, actually on Saturday Night Live. And it was predictably not good. Not good at all. So here she was doing the routine on Saturday night.


She is so bad at God, she's bad at this. She's so bad at this. Wow. Well, this is it. The last campaign stop in Pennsylvania. Gosh, I just, I wish I could talk to someone who's been in my shoes. You know, a black south Asian woman running for president, preferably from the Bay Area. Oh god, she's awful. Oh, she's so terrible. Can you imagine these CLEs for like four years? Can you imagine it? Maya Rudolph is less insufferable. Wow.


He's still laughing, still grinning crazily boy, she, she's so awkward. She's just awkwardness embodied in a human being. Goodness gracious. You and me both sister, It is nice to see you, Kamala. It is Nice to see you, Kamala. And I'm just here to remind you, you got this, because you can do something your opponent cannot do. You can open doors. Wow, this is hilarious. This is hilarious stuff. Topnotch, topnotch comedy writing. I see what you did there, like a garbage truck, right?


I don't really Laugh like that, do I? Oh Yeah, it's much worse. A little bit. Now Kamala, take my Pamela. Oh, they're gonna do rhymes. The American people wanna stop the chaos and end the drama Rhymes. Wow. With the cool new stepmom. Kick back backing our pajamas and watch a rum. Kamala, like legally blond la She has to talk Memorizes decorating for Christmas. Follow La Lala. Because what do we always say? Keep Kamala and carry on. Aah.


Oh no. Oh, so many awkward vibes. I can't take it anymore. I can't. I can't, can't. I can't. No, no, no, no more. Let's make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop. I think a lot of Americans are gonna think that, you know, when they get into the actual voting, but they're gonna make it stop. Just make it stop. Whatever you do, make it stop. Please. It actually has vibes of 2016. So I don't know if you recall this, but back in 2016, there was a full scale SNL tribute to Hillary Clinton right before the election. In retrospect, one of the most hilarious things that ever happened on at the time, it was insufferable. Now it's hilarious. Just like that tweet where she said, happy birthday to this future president here. You'll recall it was Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton singing. Hallelujah. There was nothing funny about it, except that now in retrospect, since she lost to Donald Trump, it's one of the funniest things that ever happened in the history of Earth.


I heard there was a secret chord that David played, and I the Lord, but you don't really care, do you? Oh, no. Hall. Oh boy. That was actually right after Hillary lost. I'm Not giving up. And neither should you. Oh yeah, Yi a lot from New York at Saturday night. So bad. So bad. And you can see Kate McKinnon was basically trying not to cry at the time. Yeah. You get that same sort of vibe. That vibe was rolling off of them. Well, it turns out that this was in violation of law. You can't just give one candidate right before an election, a bunch of airtime.


Brendan Carr, who is the former GOP Commissioner of the FCC, said, this is a clear and blatant effort to evade the F'S equal time rule. The purpose of the rule is to avoid exactly this type of bias and partisan conduct. A licensed broadcaster using the public airwaves to exert its influence for one candidate on the even election unless the broadcaster offered equal time to other qualifying campaigns. Well, yeah, it is a violation. So that meant that actually the network had to offer the same time to Donald Trump. So Donald Trump put together a one minute response ad that looked something like this. Hello to our great sports fans, and I hope you're having a fantastic time.


We're two days away from the most important election in the history of our country. We've gotta save our country and it needs saving. It's in very bad shape. The worst economic numbers in generations were just announced two days ago. We're losing jobs, we're losing everything, including viability. We're gonna end up in a depression based on what's been happening. We've never seen anything like it, at least for the last 40 years. We have to straighten out our country. We have to close our borders, we have to lower our taxes, we have to get rid of inflation and we're going to do it. Just remember Kamala and her friends broke it.


I'll fix it. Most important election in the history of our country, go and vote. That's a, that's a, that is the essence of the Donald Trump argument. And you know, it's a pretty good argument. But here's the thing, her closing argument is number one, that she is incredibly brat. So brat, unbelievably brat, right? That's why she trotted out, for example, Cardi B, to do an endorsement. So, I mean, whatever you do, don't go on Twitter and try to find the video of her talking about particular techniques, shall we say? Let's just say that Cardi B is the least appropriate person to ever do a presidential endorsement and it ain't particularly close. She actually had an awkward moment where her teleprompter went out Cardi B without this teleprompter.


Man, she is just lost. I mean, she is gone. And so she stood there for a fully one minute saying nothing before somebody realized they had to bring her a thing to try to read from. 'cause again, I don't think she reads very well either. Here was, here was Cardi B's endorse again. This is so Brad, it's so hot. It's so joy. Or alternatively, it's so forced. I'm not giving Donald Trump a second chance. No, nope. I'm not taking any chances with my future and not damn sure. And taking no chances with the future of my children. All three of them. All three of them. I'm not the, not the oh boy.


Kamala, I believe in her A closer from the woman most famous for in America performing. I Believe in you to turn out on Tuesday. I can't, I can't turn out and turn on. They're so un uncomfortable. You want this? You really want this? Turn the page and let's win this Day. Oh good. So the, the lady who is is most famous for performing particularly sexual acts with Megan Thee stallion live on stage with the video music awards. That that one, that one. But don't worry, it's not just her. Apparently Kamala Harris will be joined by an array of superstars on Monday evening at her final rallies in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. Katie Perry, who has outlived her usefulness, Katie Perry, is aging like Joe Biden, Andre Day, and Denic, I didn't even know those were humans are performing at her rally in Pittsburgh.


I'm sure that Denic, that was his given name or her name, I dunno who that is in Philadelphia. The campaign said there'll be performances or remarks. I love that. Performances or remarks. They're just gonna fool you again. They're gonna by Lady Gaga. So Lady Gaga's not gonna perform Lady Gaga like we're gonna bring forth musicians te say things, which is the last thing you want from musicians. You don't want them talking, you want them singing. They already did this with Beyonce. So they're gonna, that Lady Gaga, fat Joe as opposed to his brother, skinny Joe Ricky Martin, who is last relevant in what, 1998, the Roots Freeway, just blaze, dj, jazzy Jeff, DJ Cassidy, Jazzmine Sullivan, and Adam Blackstone. I must be old. I have no idea who any of those people are, but that's definitely gonna move. The woke young vote in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.


Right? Th this is where she is. Okay, so again, fake closer, number one, she's brat, she's Joy, she's got it going on. Okay. And then there's fake closer. Number two, she is all about togetherness. Do you understand togetherness? You will have unity and you will love it. Now, I might have believed this in 2020, if I was a fool, when Joe Biden said it, you remember Joe Biden tried to run the same campaign. He was gonna bring us, bring Us all together, Ram and I, a baggage together. Oh yeah. Take unity. And then five minutes later, he is like anybody Who's super ultra, super duper poop, scoop Manga is a traitor firing squad launched into a garbage. It's like, oh, that's what you meant by unity.


What you meant by unity is we should all just do what you want us to do. Well, Kamala Harris' closing ad is that she wants us to get together. She wants us to get together like Haley Mills in the parent trap. Here we go. Hey Hannah, Come here, Hannah, shake my hand. How you doing? Good. It'd bring everybody back together, and that's exactly how I feel. That's what I'm doing, man. Okay. You have to stay in touch with me, okay? I would love to see, I'm very serious about that. Would love to see you. Okay. Throughout the best footage you have this campaign. I've seen the best of America and I've seen what is holding you back and weighing you down. High cost, fundamental rights taken away, and politics that have driven fear and division.


You deserve better. As president, I'll bring a new generation of leadership. I'll take on price gouging and bring down the cost to groceries and housing and prescriptions. I'll fight for your freedom to make your own choices, and I will protect your healthcare and your benefits. Not take them away. Trump isn't touching any Industry. The vast majority of people in our country have so much more in common than what separates them. Good people, hardworking people. We see in our fellow Americans, neighbors, Hey, Look, a small town in American flags, she's running as Republican now. Society. We believe in each other. There we go. American flags cops. We believe in our country.


We're not falling for These folks who are trying to, yeah, that's fallen for her. Deny us. Okay? I can't, when I keep saying I can't about Kamala, there is no way to believe her because she's a liar. She's like, go check out our four part series Scammel. If you don't believe it, she is a liar. I love, she's campaigning now on Cops and the American flag. She literally said, we shouldn't say Merry Christmas to people because of all the suffering to the underprivileged in the United States to illegal immigrant populations. This is a person who contributed to a bail fund for rioters in Minneapolis, and she's out there with ads with cops in them. Just ridiculous. Okay, so what is her actual closer? What is her actual closer in the end, her actual closer, as you always knew it was, is that Donald Trump is a grave threat.


That he isn't fucked. Wait for it, wait for it, wait for Nazi. Yes, that's the closeup, the close that he's in Nazi.


What if the wisdom to save our world has been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson brings together nine of the world's deepest thinkers, each with conflicting faith backgrounds, in an effort to unlock the mysteries, to still captivate humanity. From skeptics to believers, scholars to seekers, each brings their unique voice to this contentious conversation about meaning, truth, and the chaos, threatening to consume our world. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we do to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently. Experience the Gospels a DailyWire Plus exclusive series available now.


Also, ladies and Gens, we brought it back one last time as we've told you it's the most crucial moment yet. Right now, you get 47% off your new DailyWire plus annual membership with Code Fight at DailyWire dot com slash subscribe because no matter what happens on Tuesday, the fight goes on and number 47, it's not a coincidence as Donald Trump fights his way back to the White House. We're on the front lines challenging the left and the legacy media's rhetoric, lies and deceptive agenda and making sure your voice is heard. There's no shortage media covering the election tomorrow night, but we know where you wanna hang out. You wanna hang out with us at the DailyWire. It's the only place you'll get the facts from the most trusted voices in conservative media. The entire gang will be here. You know, me and Jeremy and Michael, and Andrew and Matt, along with special guests like Dr. Jordan, b Peterson, Dennis Prager, Spencer Klavin, and more live. Anything could happen. We're covering it all as it unfolds for the next 27 years. Do not miss a moment. Go to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe. Use code, fight for 47% off your new DailyWire Plus membership.


Okay? So Kamala Harris', actual closer, what is it? You know, you know what it is. You know what it is? He's a Nazi. He's a Nazi. Okay. Now here's the thing, as I said at the very open, no he isn't. You know how I know Not only 'cause I know Donald Trump, not only because, you know, I commemorated October 7th with Donald Trump. Not only because, you know what? Nazis don't tend to get the support of Hasidic communities in New Jersey. There's tape going around right now of buses playing in Yiddish, A call for Jews to get out and vote for Donald Trump by name. That's happening in like Williamsburg in New Jersey. That's something that typically Nazis don't receive. Also, the Nazis in this election, they seem not to like him very much 'cause they think he's too philo sematic.


But that's their case anyway. So Tim Walls the weirdest man ever to run for vice president. And that's saying a lot because Spiro Agnew is once the vice presidents of the United States. Here was Tim Walls saying, what will you, you'll be asked at what, what you did to stop Trump one day from our concentration camps. You'll be asked, did you daddy, did you do enough to stop Trump? And you'll say, no, no son here. Here's Tim Walls goofball. Trust me. They'll come a day someday. You're gonna be sitting on that porch. You're gonna be in that rocking chair. And a little one's gonna come up to you after being in school where they've been studying the 2024 election. And they're gonna ask when everything was on the line and the American experiment was on the line, and there was somebody running who asked to be a dictator and to overturn the constitution and talk about using the military against our own people.


What did you do to stop that from happening? And you're gonna be able to say every damn thing we could, every damn thing we could. He's Authentic because he says, damn, sometimes guys, meanwhile over at M-S-N-B-C, they're like, Trump is gonna bring us back to Jim Crow. And then even worse, he's gonna go back even worse. So a Presley who's the Ringo star of the squad, you know, the member than nobody cares about or notices, but she's there. So she says that Trump is gonna bring us back to Jim Crow. Now here's the thing. I've heard this argument before. 'cause they said it about MIT Romney and John McCain. And you know what happened? Donald Trump was already president. You know what didn't happen? Jim Crow. I, I, I still think it's hilarious that Democrats have been allowed to get away with the lie that George's election law was Jim Crow 2.0. You don wanna talk about a lie, like a stupid lie. That is a stupid lie.


The early voting for black voters in Georgia, very high. It turns out black voters have been able to come out to the polls very easily in Georgia. Doesn't matter. They can lie as much as they want. They're Democrats. Here's Ayanna Presley, Donald Trump and JD Vance. They mean to take us back to Jim Crow. And then some, they wanna control our wounds. They wanna control the classrooms, they wanna control our bedrooms. They mean to control every aspect of our lives. They mean harm to every person that calls this country home. They mean harm to everyone. To everyone who calls the country home. Everyone, they're gonna come into your bed. Wow, that, whoa. I mean, wow, that's probably true. Or alternatively, these people are totally, totally crazy. Meanwhile, Democrats are still trying to appeal to male voters because there is a gender gap for the Democrats, a very wide gender gap.


And so they have deployed Uber male, Doug Emh. Yes, everyone's favorite. Doug Emh. Yay. Remember that guy? He pretends to be both a man and a, anyway, Doug Emh, here he is explaining that he knows young men who are voting for Kamala. Not many for sure, but all it took was them getting off of the UFC and podcasts. By the way, you can see why they're trying to crack down on podcasts, can't you? Here is Doug Emh, fresh off of allegedly beating up his ex-girlfriend years ago. Anyway, here we go. Yep. What I talked to young men about who might be taken by the, you know, fun side of Donald Trump, such as it, such as it is the dancing, the going to the wrestling matches, going on the podcasts and, and trying to portray himself as someone who he really is.


And I think Cardi B called us out and said, it's just all a hustle. And so what I'm trying to implore young men in particular to do, to do the research, he's not your friend. You know, the policies that he's talking about will not help them in the economy. That that's my favorite thing. He's trying to appeal to young men. He is like, let me quote a famous person who young men particularly are fond of Cardi B. Nailed it. Just nailed it. Nailed it. Meanwhile, Democrats are rolling out a new ad to seek mail. It is amazing how in this election cycle, they really believe, they must believe they're losing. Because in this election cycle, they've rolled out two ads, one to women, one to men, both basically say the same thing. You have to secretly vote for Kamala because apparently, you know, the Handmaid's Tale will be visited upon you if you openly vote for Kamala.


It is, it is just ridiculous. Here we go. Come on boys, let's make America great again. It's your turn, buddy. Before you cast your vote in this election, think about how it'll impact the people you care about the most. Daddy, remember, you can vote any way you want and no one will ever know Do your patriotic duty. You bet I did. Brother, what happens in the booth stays in the booth. He's voting. So one day that little girl can abort his grand babies. Apparently that's the message of that campaign. I, I do, I do love this, that apparently that Kamala Harris campaign thinks that you are being intimidated into voting for Donald Trump.


That's the only reason you have to secretly vote for Kamala Harris. Okay? Alright. Now, here's the thing. They've declared that Donald Trump's the threat to the institutions. That Donald Trump is so thorough going and evil that, that he has to be stopped no matter what. Which is strange because they just keep making anti-American arguments. So Medi Hassan, who is one of the worst voices in American politics, he shouldn't really be considered part of American politics. Depends who you consider his paymasters from long ago. In any case, former Al Jazeera employee who has been to every waking moment finding excuses for terrorism is no matter who wins or loses on Tuesday, I will never not stop being mad at Joe Biden and Merri Garland for allowing Trump to face the electorate this week without having seen the inside of a courtroom for his crimes on and ahead of January 6th. Astonishing incompetence, caution, cowardice, and more from the top of the Democratic party.


They'll say it was to try and retain faith in an impartial DOJ. But even after giving Trump a pass, the Dems and the Biden, DOJ are still accused of carrying out a witch hunt against Trump and of weaponizing the justice system against him. So what was gained, yeah, just to get this straight Medi Hassan is saying that what should have happened is that Donald Trump was imprisoned, right? These, these are the people who are upholding democracy in your institutions. Medi Hassan. Meanwhile, governor Kath Hoel, she's taking a, a note from the book of Andrew Cuomo, former governor who at one point said that Republicans should basically just leave the state. Now, here she is saying the same thing. She says, if you vote Trump, that makes you anti-American as Governor Kathy Hoel, It gives me, as someone who is leading the effort in our state to ensure we flip these battleground seats.


It gave me a chance to tie the Republicans running in these seats, the incumbents closer to Donald Trump and remind everybody, if you're voting for these Republicans in New York, you are voting for someone who supports Donald Trump and you're anti-woman, you're anti-abortion. And basically you are anti-American because you have just trashed American values and what our country is all about over and over and over. And you'll wear this on election day Guys. You're not just garbage, you're anti-American garbage according to Kathy Hoel, man, they, but don't worry, they're gonna come together. Unity. That's what they're looking for. Meanwhile, Jamie Raskin, who actually objected to the electoral college vote in 2016, he now says that maybe they'll uphold the peaceful transfer power.


This has been a big question for Democrats. If Donald Trump truly is and not see, don't you have a responsibility to thwart his election? Even if he wins, here's Jimmy Rakin kinda letting the cat out of the bag as well. Maybe, maybe we'll challenge it. So when I say we will support a free and fair election, no, we're not gonna allow them to steal it in the states or steal it at the Department of Justice or steal it with any other election official in the country. If it's a free and fair election, we will do what we've always done. We will honor it. Okay? Okay. If it's a free and fair election, I'm noticing conditionals there, Jamie. Interesting, interesting how that works. Okay. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is making his closing pitch.


His his closing pitch is, you know, him riffing off the cuff and they're mad at him again because they say, oh, he is using violent language. He made a joke about people shooting at him because he's in a bulletproof case outside. 'cause they've tried to assassinate him twice over the course of this. He's been two assassination attempts in one election cycle is a lot actually. And he made a joke about shooting through the media and him not minding it or whatever. And this apparently is yet another example of Donald Trump being a very mean bad orange, bad mean Hitler. Man. I have a piece of glass over here and I don't have a piece of glass there and I have this piece of glass here.


But all we have really over here is the fake news, right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news. And I don't mind that so much. 'cause I don't mind And not my favorite Donald Trump joke. Also, does anyone think that Trump is calling for the execution of members of the media? That's what they're going with. That's what, meanwhile, Joe Biden is out there still saying that he wants to, you know, for some reason smack trump's guys in the ass. Which I don't know what's, what's happening here. I don't know what happened to that YMCA with corn pop or whatever, but this guy is still president.


Remember that time that this guy's still president, like how he's still president and we're supposed to ignore it 'cause he doesn't have a brain anymore. How it turns into a fickle, all right, here we go. But I'm serious. These are the kind of guys you like to smack in the ass. Me smack them in the, that's weird, Joe. That's, that's just, that's just super duper weird. Now the real closing pitch, of course, from the Donald Trump campaign is what you saw in that ad earlier, which is that Kamala Harris has presided over a terrible economy that their foreign policy is really bad. But there was one other aspect to the close of this campaign, we would not be able to move on to the member block of today's show without first mentioning peanut, the squirrel Peanut. The squirrel, my goodness.


So campaigning in Sanford, North Carolina on Sunday, JD Vance said that Donald Trump was fired up about the squirrel's death. That's what he said. He was fired up about the squirrel's death. He said, quote, the same government that doesn't care about hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrant criminals coming into our country, doesn't want us to have pets. It's the craziest thing. So what is the story with peanut, the squirrel, the much celebrated peanut, the squirrel has launched a thousand memes. I know that, you know, all these campaigns have become a little too online. Is is my take on this? The vast majority of Americans don't know or care about peanut the squirrel. But here's the actual story. It is a good example of just government insane overage. So according to the New York Post Peanut, the squirrel of internet fame has been euthanized after the pet was seized by New York State.


Earlier this week, according to the Department of Environmental Conservation, the 7-year-old gray rescue squirrel commonly referred to as peanut on Instagram, Facebook, and TikTok was put to death along with Fred, the raccoon man stand strong with Harambe guys, said animals could be tested for rabies. According to a statement from the agency, Peanut's guardian, mark Longo took to Instagram to memorialize his beloved pet in a video. Here's the owner of Peanut speaking about this terrible, terrible tragedy. It not only tears my family apart, but peanut was the cornerstone of our nonprofit animal rescue. And 10 to 12 DEC officers raided my house as if I was a drug dealer.


I was sat outside my house for five hours. I had to get a police escort to my bathroom. I wasn't even allowed to feed my rescue horses breakfast or lunch. I was sit, sat there like a criminal after they interrogated my wife to check out her immigration status, then proceeded to ask me if I had cameras in my house. Then proceeded to go through every cabinet, nook and cranny of my house for a squirrel in a raccoon, four departments. And a judge signed off on a search warrant for a squirrel in a raccoon. And then they took them and killed them. We had him for seven and a half years. He became the world's most famous squirrel.


We weren't hiding him by any means. He was all over TikTok. He became the first squirrel on TikTok to ever hit a million followers. He did every news station around the world. He's helped people, he's helped kids gather joy. And then we started a nonprofit animal rescue called Peanuts Freedom Farm to help animals like peanut fight a good fight when they're in a neglected case or they're sitting in a slaughter auction. And he was the cornerstone of our life and our organization. Okay, so, so then they came and they, and they murdered peanut, he had secret information about Hillary Clinton, apparently. So what actually happened here, apparently the DEC claimed the peanut was notably oel and friendly over the course of his very public facing life.


Bit one of the investigators on the hand while being confiscated from his Elmira home on Wednesday. So why? Well, what actually happened, apparently is some of the neighbors, some of the nosy neighbors were upset with Peanut and Fred, the raccoon. There were multiple anonymous complaints about wild animals living in the Longo House. So they showed up on mass to the house and they took away peanut and Fred and Peanut and Fred were summarily executed. Which again, I gotta say like, the fact that these are national stories is kinda wild. But, but it does speak to the power of government overreach. And, and peanut will live forever in our hearts. That's, I mean, I didn't, I didn't know about him until a moment ago, but I suppose he will for, for, for some, and, and again, like it is insane that the government, they'll let in, you know, like 10 million illegal immigrants over the course of the Biden administration and do nothing about it.


But we don't have the resources for that 10 to 12 officers need to, to remove a squirrel in raccoon and put them to death. I feel like we have some misallocation or priorities and resources here in our United States. Alrighty, folks. So coming up on the member block, we'll get into what's at stake in the United States Senate. You don't wanna go check that out. Over at DailyWire dot com slash subscriber member, get 47% off your annual subscription. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all plan on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.