
So you remember that time that Kamala Harris was the greatest candidate since ever she was brat and she was awesome and she was vibes, and then she won this stellar debate against Donald Trump, and the race is still totally deadlocked. We'll bring you the latest on that momentarily.


First, your reminder, Am I Racist is the number one new comedy in America. It is now playing only in theaters, Get tickets, and showtimes for your local theaters right now@miracist.com and show the left that they don't just control everything. They don't even control their own preserves and domains like Hollywood.


All righty. So brand new set of polls out with regard to the swing states. Bottom line is they're very, very tight, very tight, totally unclear exactly who is winning in the various swing states. Again, if you look at that real clear politics, polling average, which seems to lag just a little bit in, in some of the indicators, every single state, every single swing state is within the margin of error. Georgia is Trump plus two, Pennsylvania is Harris plus 0.7. However, a brand new Washington Post poll shows Trump effectively tied with Kamala Harris. When you look at a poll and it says Trump 47, Kamala Harris 48, or Trump 48, Kamala Harris 47, these polls are not to the level of exactitude that that actually means anything other than that race is tied.


That is what a margin of error is. A margin of error just means that there is in fact a margin in which the error is covered. Meaning that if it's a three point margin of error and it says that Trump's at 47%, theoretically he could be at 44, and theoretically he could be at 50. It is totally unclear where that race is. So numbers that are within the margin of error don't actually mean very much, and pretty much all of these polls are within the margin of error. The Quinnipiac Poll by contrast, has Pennsylvania at Harris 51, Trump 45, Michigan at Harris 50, Trump 45, but Wisconsin at Harris 48, Trump 47. Now remember, if Trump carries North Carolina, Georgia, and Arizona, and then he picks up Wisconsin, he still wins the election.


So what that means is that this race is as tight as it is possible for a race to be tight. By the way, some of these Senate races starting to tighten up as well. That same Washington Post poll that shows a tight race between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris shows a one point Senate race between Bob Casey, the incumbent Democratic Senator from Pennsylvania and Dave McCormick, the Republican challenger. Again, the presidential results according to the Washington Post, are similar to the post average of recent polls, which shows her with a three point edge in Pennsylvania. Since last week's debate, Harris led Trump by six points in a Quinnipiac University poll in Pennsylvania, held a three point edge in USA, today's Suffolk poll, Ameris college poll showed the race tide. So again, the these, these polls are showing that nobody really knows.


It's very difficult to model an electorate in which Donald Trump is a candidate on the ballot, which is why they've systematically been sort of under sampling Trump voters for years. Maybe they're now measuring the other way. It's really impossible to tell until we get to election day, which is why voter turnout machine is kind of the only thing that matters at this point. Very few opinions are going to switch. If they do switch, they will likely switch in favor of President Trump. Kamala Harris is not doing amazingly with independence. There's some conflicting poll data. Fox News poll shows that she's up 12 with independence, but a Gallup poll shows she's down 25 with independence. Bottom line is people don't know anything about her and she's trying to keep it that way. So if it comes down to the undecideds decent shot that Trump wins, if the turnout is good, if the Trump team does the turnout work that they need to.


With that said, the race is getting tighter in many of these swing states, not less tight. So Nate Silver, who has had Trump fairly well ahead in sort of his forecast for the election, not in terms of the polling numbers, but in terms of what he forecast will actually happen right now, it's, it's a dead heat. He says that the electoral college probability of Trump winning the electoral college is 52% Harris at 47.6%, which is effectively a dead heat right now. If he had to predict the number of electoral vote ever, Kamala Harris would probably win. So it, it's all a mess. His formula is being thrown off by the closeness of these polls. And remember, the importance in this race for Kamala Harris and Tim Wallace is avoid interviews at all costs.


Do not show who you are. Try to hide it, which is pretty good indicator. Just be a terrible president. And if you have to hide what you're gonna be when you're president of the United States, and you are currently the Vice President of the United States, this indicates you are a bad candidate by the numbers. Harris has been a candidate. This is according to Axios, which is an allied media outlet for the Democratic administration. Harris has been a candidate for 59 days and Tim Walls for 44 days. During those 59 days, Donald Trump and JD Vance have participated in more than 70 interviews and press conferences with TV and print reporters. Harris and Walls have taken part in seven. In seven. JD Vance alone has participated more than seven times more interviews and press conferences than Harris and Walls combined during that time.


Harris has done a grand total since July 21st of one local TV interview, one national print publication, one national TV interview, and zero press conferences. Zero. Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups.


October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews. Since the Holocaust, 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel, and its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction. But there's hope. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured. Their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to Ben for the fellowship.org. That's been for the fellowship.org to make a gift today. In the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's Ben for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, Ben, for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


They're trying to hide her. They're actually running the Biden basement strategy with Kamala Harris. Now, there are people on the left who are saying, put her out there more. You know, pro, the more people see her, the more they like her wrong. The more people see her, the more they dislike her, because she's annoying and irritating and bad at this. And at least Harris's team is smart enough to know that. So they're trying to hide her behind glass, right? Do not let her out. Whatever you do, it's pretty amazing. I mean, even Axios is acknowledging she's bad at this quote. Some of Harris's worst moments as vice president have come during interviews when she made flip or unclear statements about key policies. Her campaign is trying to avoid more comments like that. Oh, you mean talking, you mean, I think you're talking about talking right now.


So they continue to try and gas this, this vehicle through the election on vibes alone. So for example, M-S-N-B-C guest, Brigadier General Steve Anderson, he's the one who just the other day was calling Trump a Nazi, says that the really important thing about Kamala Harris when it comes to foreign policy is that she comes from an interracial marriage. Well, I mean, congrat, ations that talk about things that you cannot actually control. It turns out you can't control who your parents are. In fact, they predate you. This notion, people all over the world look at products of interracial marriages and they're like, well, they'll probably be a better president than a person who is not a product of an interracial marriage.


That's what we would call stupid talk. And yet that's exact, like this is very reminiscent of when they just handed Barack Obama, the Nobel Peace Prize after he was elected in 2008, because he was a black president of the United States. And even Obama was like, what's this? I didn't do anything yet. And it turns out he was very bad for peace. But here's the M-S-N-B-C guest saying that Kamala Harris' mixed parentage is just a boon to the world or something stupid like that. She's an inspiration. Not only is she positive, does she bring hope and optimism, but as a black woman, the the product of a mixed marriage, she will inspire millions of people throughout the world. Our credibility as a nation, you know, that we would be able to allow our country is so great that we're allowed a woman like that to become the Commander-in-Chief, the President of the United States.


That is gonna send a powerful message all over the world. People like Vladimir Putin are gonna say, Hey, wait a minute. These guys, you know, they truly have democratic country. Country. They truly are representative. They truly are fighting for all their people in Kamala Harris is a manifestation of that. What the right. So Vladimir Putin is sitting around in the crown and going, oh look, they make black woman president amazing, thoughtful democracy because she's black as though Vladimir Putin has never seen a black person before. And what, what, what I I In the, in the what? In the F. So this is what they got. And here's the thing. Of course, they have to keep her away from the cameras 'cause she's awful.


And Kamala Harris is switching accents more often than she switches positions at this point, which is to say a v an awful lot. So yesterday she gave a speech at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and she dropped a new accent, which was, which was interesting. I didn't know that she had a stereotypical Latina accent. That's exciting. I love you back. You better Thank a union member for sick leave. You better. Thank A union member. This is her stereotypical black activity. You better thank a union member for vacation time. Hello to all my divine nine brothers and sisters and my sor. She does not have any core to her at all.


At all. This is not me saying she's not a black person. Of course, she's a black person. Her father was black, her mother was Indian. Those are just facts that predate her birth and have nothing to do with her character, or whether she'll be a good president. When somebody switches accents that often, it's a little weird if somebody did that in your life, like every time they went into it, it's the most patronizing thing. You remember when Donald Trump was ripped up and down because on Cinco de Mayo, he tweeted out a photo of himself eating a Taco Bowl and saying, I love the Mexicans, because Taco Bowls. And everybody was like, that's ridiculous. That's hilarious and ridiculous. Kamala Harris tries to become a member of every population she speaks to. So when she's speaking to white people, it's like Dave Chappelle when he's pretending to be a white person on SNL like 20 years ago.


And when she's speaking to black people, suddenly she's talking like Michael Eric Dyson. And when she's talking to Hispanic people, suddenly she's dropping into dialect that she picked up from like a 1990s episode of LA Law or something. It's bizarre. I mean, what the what the what? And they're still trying to weave this into an actual case for her, Elizabeth Spears, who is just another awful opinion writer for the New York Times. And man, they have a stable of opinion writers. It is. It's like they've got secretariat man of war, like every great horse in history of awful opinion writers, awful opinion. So Elizabeth Spears has a piece titled The Real Reason the Harris Twang is Driving Republicans Crazy.


I can tell you why it's driving people crazy. 'cause it's totally inauthentic. Because she's a phony and because she's a fake, that is why, and if anyone in your family did this, you'd think they were sociopathic. If you brought them to a series of dinner parties and they just started changing their accent, you'd be like, what in the actual F is happening right now? Who are you? Why are you doing this thing? Elizabeth Spears suggests that the reason that Republicans are upset with Kamala Harris changing her accent like this is because Republicans who think that white possibly racist working class people are, their base might feel that a black Democrat using a southern accent is stealing their shtick or their votes. That nailed it. That that's what it is.


That's what it is. It's not that we think she's inauthentic, a phony, completely ridiculous it. It's that we are afraid that she's going to steal Southern. Yeah, right. I'm deeply worried that Kamala Harris is gonna steal southern votes. She can get wiped out in the south. She can get wiped out in the south 'cause of the red states. And she's really, really, really leftist. And she works for the administration that has made life a misery for an enormous number of people. The inauthenticity is just complete with her.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


I I'm gonna show you more and more Kamala Harris as this election goes on, because frankly, I think it's good that you get acquainted with the person who might actually become the president of the United States before you sign in, before you sign on for a long period of time. I, I feel like you should have to spend a prolonged period of time with this person before deciding that you'd like to hear this grading voice for another four to eight years leading the news every night a get ready gang. So apparently again, she's the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and she said that she was in the streets again, Kamala Harris is not in the streets. She's not in the streets. What are, what are we even talking about? She's the most white collar person in American politics. It's ridiculous. She's a, she's a midday drinking wine mala in the streets.


Gimme a break. Here we go. Recently I was in Nevada. I'm in these streets. Lemme tell I'm everywhere. I mean these, they're okay by the way. They could only contain the laughter for so long. The pathological joker laughter. It's coming back and it's come back with inventions and there's still almost 50 days left in this election cycle. She also dropped some knowledge on you, such as knowledge that children of the community are in children. Oh, the community. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With the hand and the community. And the community. Children are children of the, what we call what you might know as the community.


I grew up understanding the children of the community are the children of the community. Oh, is that what you grew up understanding? Wow. Wow. Words of wisdom there. Very, very impressive. Meanwhile, I, I do love that Hillary Clinton has now become the greatest spokesperson for Kamala Harris. In a moment, I'm gonna explain why I think Kamala Harris actually has a very, very, very serious problem in this election that nobody is actually talking about. One of the reasons is because she has to tried out surrogates like Hillary Clinton. So here's Hillary Clinton who literally says it's a double standard to ask Kamala about her policies. A double standard. Why Trump doesn't get asked about his policies. I mean, he actually gets grilled about his policies and when he doesn't know them, people make fun of him.


Kamala Harris is running around talking about how the children of the community are the children of the community, the children. Here we go. Hillary Clinton, you know, honestly, God's justice comes for all. And, and the fact that she was never president is just one of God's amazing jokes. She's put out policies on her campaign website. Anybody who's truly interested can go and read about them, right? She referenced policies, nonsense. She actually doesn't just have policies and concepts. She has, you know, plans about what to do. I think it's a, you know, it's a double standard and it's a double standard. That is partly because they are still getting to know her, but also because they're still grappling with the idea.


Like, oh, am I really gonna vote for a woman to be president? A commander in chief? She's going back to that. Well, now to her credit, Kamala isn't trying not to go to the, I'm a woman, hear me roar. Well, her entire campaign is based on it. It it, it is inherently based on that. Which is why all of the men who surround Kamala Harris are inherently beta submissives. That is their entire campaign persona. Doug Emh is doing the dumb sitcom Dad from 2005. Tim Walls doing the Dumb sitcom dad coach from 2005. They're both doing the, we are submissive to Kamala Harris routine. It's really off-putting, even the media, by the way, are getting a little tired of this routine. Dana Bash, who treated Kamala Harris with kid gloves, when she actually had a chance to interview her even, she was like, you know what?


You, you could actually start a drinking game listening to Kamala Harris. Throw out those platitudes. When you listen to Kamala Harris on what she will do, you can almost start a drinking game every time she says small businesses. Well, actually, when you ask what she will do, she immediately go, she, as I say, she sounds like the beginning of David Copperfield chapter one, I am Born. I'll be like, so what do you wanna do about inflation? She'll be like, well, I was born. It's like, well, congratulations to you Madam Abby Phillips of CNN. Again, a Kamala ally even. She's like, yeah, I haven't seen any specifics from Kamala Harris. She's babbling nonsensically Black journalists today at the NAPJ pressed Vice President Kamala Harris on policies from guns to the war in Gaza.


But many of her answers lacked specifics. And some Democrats, like Hillary Clinton told Kara Swisher that, that's perfectly fine. Oh, Democrats said that it's perfectly fine. I can't believe it. Why? It's almost as though she's just a face on the machine and it doesn't matter what she says her policies are, because she'll push the same policies. Now, here is the problem that I'm talking about when it comes to Kamala Harris, and it does come back to this inherent gender gap that her candidacy has created. It's perfectly obvious, by the way, from the voting of the Teamsters. So the teamsters take a poll before they decide whether to endorse somebody. Yesterday the teamsters decided not to endorse anybody, which is kind of a shock. 'cause typically they support the Democrat. Well, there was an electronic poll, the electronic poll earlier in this campaign when Joe Biden was the candidate before that Biden was ahead of Trump among the Teamsters 46 to 37 with Robert F. Kennedy at 5%, right?


So a nine point lead for the Democrat with Kamala Harris in the race. Here is the actual result of the electronic poll. 60 Trump, 34 Harris, a survey conducted via phone was similar. 58 Trump, 31 Harris. So what could that be? What could that be? Is that because they believe that Kamala Harris is significantly less pro-union than Joe Biden? Or is it because they believe, because it turns out that voters are multifaceted. Union members don't just vote as members of a union. They vote as fathers, they vote as husbands, they vote as as people who are members of their community and their church. And they look at Kamala Harris and they say, this is a person who disdains masculinity.


This is a person who's part of a broader movement that suggests that masculinity is somehow toxic and that the only type of males who ought to be emulated are goofballs like Tim Walls and Doy like her husband, Doug Emh h the fakest person in the campaign. A peculiar soft spot for my, in my, my dislike of Doug Emh Hof, given his foe Jewry, which he trots out at every possible opportunity. In any case, there is something happening that's happening under the surface, and it's sort of a reverse Obama effect. So back in 2008, people were real proud to vote for Obama. They, they, like people were taking photos of themselves in the voting booth, voting for Barack Obama to show all their friends how tolerant and diverse they were with Kamala Harris.


There's a certain level of embedded dislike of Kamala Harris as a politician, and people are afraid to say it because they're afraid they'll be perceived as intolerant. But when they are quietly polled by their own union members, for example, they shift their viewpoint. That is a massive swing and that is indicative of something. And for some reason, the Teamsters swung from 37% for Trump to 60% for Trump, a 23 point swing based on the switch out of Biden to Harris. And everybody's been talking about the upsides of Harris, that democratic enthusiasm is up. They've been talking about the upside of Harris, which is that people of color are gonna vote for her more, more with more alacrity than they would of Joe Biden.


What they're not talking about is the fact that Joe Biden actually had some crossover potential with particularly white blue collar males. And those people look at Kamala Harris, not for racial reasons, but for the reason that her entire attitude is indicative of a belief in the sort of logic that Barack Obama used in 2012. That if you're a white person, you're a white dude for Kamala. Now that that sort of attitude has a very negative implication for a lot of people in this country who don't feel comfortable with Kamala Harris. A lot of guys, by the way, who felt comfortable with Barack Obama in 2008 and didn't feel comfortable with him in 2012 when he actually lost some 3 million votes.


There are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval. And Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi, unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something. Averaging five stars in over a hundred thousand reviews, go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro, connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement, home buyer, ET and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. NMLS ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Now you always have to leave it to the teamsters. The Teamsters immediately came out and despite the fact that like 60, 60 40 or 60 30, they support Trump. Despite that the Teamsters heads were not willing to endorse Donald Trump. So the general executive board of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters elected not to endorse any candidate for US President and data publicly released. Earlier in the day, Joe Biden won the support of Teamsters voting in straw polls, but an independent electronic and phone polling. From July to September, a majority of voting members twice elected Trump for a possible teamsters endorsement over Kamala Harris. This is an amazing statement. Okay, so why didn't the union just endorse Trump? Quote, the union's extensive member polling showed no majority support for Vice President Harris and no universal support among the membership for President Trump.


We mean universal support un like did it have to be 102 zero? What a joke the Teamsters Union is. Seriously, I'm sorry, we can't just endorse the candidate that 60% of our population likes that would be undemocratic. It has to be a hundred percent. In any case, it is a damaging piece of data for Kamala Harris who is trying to make a heavy case to the teamster. So how is she responding? Well, she's going and getting a bunch of old rhinos to endorse her. A bunch of people that nobody cares about or has cared about in a very long time to endorse her who are former Republicans. You know, a bunch of people who switched to the Democrats years ago and now are sort of pretending that this is a brand new thing.


Like one got Adam Kinzinger, for example. Congratulations to Kamala on securing the endorsement of John Negroponte. Wow, I can you believe that she somehow achieved the endorsement of Christopher. She's like the the wow these, these Republican heavy hitters. I mean, we are talking some real, some real heavy hitters here. What William Weld? No, you shock me madam. The she doesn't have crossover appeal. Just have people who hate Trump appeal. That's all. And so what that, what does that mean? That means that there needs to be, in order to ensure Ka is victory, some sort of outsized force that pushes her to victory. Now the problem for Kamala Harris in this race, there aren't gonna be any more debates.


There are very few events that would seem to cut in her favor. If something bad happens in the world that cuts against the current administration. If a large scale war breaks out in the Middle East right now, that's not gonna cut against Trump. That's gonna come cut against Biden Harris 'cause she's the VP who's failed to prevent it. If there's an economic collapse that cuts against Kamala Harris, if there's any piece of really bad data in the country right now, it cuts against the incumbent always 'cause bad news always cuts against the incumbent. There is one piece of news that could be released and manipulated in order to try and help Kamala Harris. And it happened yesterday. So yesterday the Federal Reserve cut the interest rates by half a percentage point. That is the boldest start in making its first reduction since 20 20 11 of the 12 Fed voters backed the cut.


It brought the benchmark federal funds rate to a range between 4.75% and 5% quarterly projections released Wednesday showed a narrow majority of officials penciled in cuts that would lower rates by at least a quarter point each at the meetings of November and December. So they're gonna start cutting. And they wanted a heavy cut. They wanted a hard cut. Now the problem with that hard cut is that number one inflation actually has not gone down all the way to the 2% number that the Federal Reserve typically looks for. Two, the economy is still pretty hot, meaning that unemployment numbers are still not radically up. So what are you doing? You're injecting more money into an economy that actually is not flagging enough to justify that size of a cut.


You might make the case for a 25 basis point cut, a 0.25% cut. You can make that case. You could say, okay, we need to gradually inject more money into the eco. Listen, my feeling is that interest rates should be free floating and not manipulated by the Federal Reserve at all. I think it's ridiculous that we have a centralized government agency that Desi decides how much your dollar is worth based on a dual mission of reducing unemployment and keeping inflation down. It seems to me that the free market should decide exactly how interest rates float and sometimes the interest rates need to go up in order to clean out bubbles. And when that doesn't happen, you end up growing bubbles and then eventually the bubbles burst to much worse effect. However, the notion that the Federal Reserve had to go 50 basis points here seems a little spurious.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the bullet and branch signature collection. Their 100% organic cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Bullet and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, BOL and Branch gives you a 30 night worry free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with BOL and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash ben. That's BOL and branch B-O-L-L-D branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping exclusion supply. See site for details. That is bull and branch.com/ben for 20% off and free shipping.


We actually have an episode of facts over our YouTube channel. If you wanna know how the Federal Reserve does this and the history of Federal Reserve manipulating the monetary supply. Go check that out right now. If you wanna understand this stuff a little bit better. The federal governor, Michelle Bowman, dissented against Wednesday's decision in favor of smaller quarter point cut. Bowman was appointed by Trump in 2018 and became the first governor to dissent against an interest rate decision since 2005. It was the first dissent by any voter on the rate setting committee since June, 2022. This is just the sixth time in the past 30 years. The Central Bank switched from raising into lowering rates. Usually when the Fed starts cutting rates according to the Wall Street Journal, it doesn't know whether it'll make a handful of small moves as it did in 95 and 98, or whether it's the start of a longer series of reductions as in 2001 and 2007.


So they're going to start lowering the interest rates again. There are a few reasons they're doing that. One is the United States government is borrowing money at such an unbelievable clip right now that if you leave those interest rates up, it ratchets up the interest payments on the national debt. So that is one reason in order to correct for the vast national debt that we are piling up, they're lowering the interest rates so we don't have to pay back people at as high rates. That's, that's a major, major factor here. Another factor is supposed to be the idea that the economy is slowing so much that we need to inject a fresh round of capital. Now let's be real about this. Capital has not dried up in the American economy. It has not. That is why the stock market is currently riding where the, where the stock market is riding. I mentioned the other day that the price to earnings ratio for the Dow Jones Industrial average right now is currently riding at like 31 31.


The average PE ratio for the Dow over the past three years is 20. Okay, that's insane. That means that stocks are overvalued. That means that there's a bunch of money in the system that is being thrown at the stock market. 'cause people don't know what to do with the money. Investors are getting a fresh infusion of cash in their pocket and they're immediately going and planting it where they think it will maybe earn a return and stocks would be one place. They're presumably going to do the same in real estate. The problem is that the interest rates in real estate remain higher than they were say, five or six years ago. So even if you want to trade a, a house for a different house, that now means that you're giving up a three and a half percent interest rate on your mortgage for a 6% interest rate on your mortgage, which costs you a lot more money.


So what is this designed to do? It's designed to give people a feeling that the economy is sailing. That's what it's designed to do. That we've, we've avoided the big hit that we are now in good shape. So the problem is we make a half percentage point cut, a 50 basis point cut that you are signaling two things at the same time. One, you are signaling that the economy is on the verge of a downturn. That's why you would cut it 50 basis points as opposed to 25. You are simultaneously signaling that the worries about inflation are over, which means the economy is strong and solid. So these two things are in conflict with one another. That's not even my point. That's a point made by Muhammad Al Arian of, of Allianz. So here is Jerome Powell of the Federal Reserve trying to justify this here.


He was saying that their patience approach has paid dividends. If your pa by your patient approach, you mean that you increase the prices of everything over the past three and a half years by 20 odd percent. Then well done. Jerome, don't, don't, don't strain your shoulder. Pat yourself on the back. Too hard here. Our patient approach over the past year has paid dividends. Inflation is now much closer to our objective and we have gained greater confidence, much closer But there than inflation is moving sustainably toward 2% While it's moving sustainably toward 2%. But it isn't there yet. Isn't I noticed meanwhile, he said that the decision reflects a confidence in the labor market that it can be maintained. So you know, if the, the, the labor market is going to, by the way, if that were true, you wouldn't have to lower the, the interest rates.


If you believe that we weren't about to head into some sort of jobs problem, then you wouldn't be injecting more capital into the economy, would you? Today, the Federal Open Market Committee decided to reduce the degree of policy restraint by lowering our policy interest rate by a half percentage point. This decision reflects our growing confidence that with an appropriate recalibration of our policy stance, strength in the labor market can be maintained in a context of moderate growth and inflation moving sustainably down to 2%. So again, this is, this is a very weird move. Muhammad Erian points out that today, for example, the Bank of England did not change his interest rate, they left it completely unchanged.


And he points out an article from an economy reporter from the New York Times named Gianna Alek, who says, people with jobs have started showing up at homeless shelters in Atlanta. Families who can't cover their grocery bills are pushing up demand at a Boston Food Bank. A dearth of available housing is plaguing Sacramento, yet reports of recent raises abound. And a partly retired homeowner in near Pittsburgh is happy about his savings. America's bout of painfully high inflation in the period of high interest rates meant secured is finally drawing to a close. But even as the nation's tumultuous pandemic economy era begins to approach its end, the period is destined to leave lingering Marx. So again, he's pointing out a, a wild and sort of bizarre con contradiction in the logic of the Federal Reserve, which I have to say politics plays in here.


The Federal Reserve doesn't like Trump. They don't want Trump in office. They clearly would like to see Kamala Harris be elected. L ian points out fed chair. Powell had to navigate the contradiction between the unusual step of starting a cutting cycle with a 50 basis point cut and the repeated assessment that the economy is in a good place. This got trickier as understandably. He didn't want to acknowledge that today's 50 basis point move is a catch up for not having reduced rates in July. So it's all discombobulated. It doesn't make a whole hell of a lot of sense logically speaking now that that is, but what, what is it really about? What it's about is trying to generate an ur that's feeling of good momentum on the economy, despite the fact that by the way, the business Roundtable, CEO economic Outlook Index suggests that the job market is in fact slowing.


So is it slowing or is it solid? We don't know. Jerome Powell won't tell us, is inflation conquered or is it just coming down? We don't know. He won't tell us. Meanwhile, Corin Jean-Pierre has the nerve to suggest that it's all completely independent. She says, no, we're completely independent to the Federal Reserve. We have nothing to do with their decisions, As you know. And we've been always very clear about this and very respectful of the independence of the Federal Reserve. Unlike other administrations, we've been, I think, pretty, pretty steadfast about that and have been continuous in, in our in, in making and making that clear. Oh, have you, have you? 'cause I noticed that every major Democrat in the Senate has been calling for a lowering of interest rates for the last year and a half in attempt to artificially jog the economy.


Okay, in just a moment, we'll get to the latest on the assassination attempt front, plus the latest from the Middle East. First.


The number one comedy in America, as you know, is Am I Racist. The only way you can see it is in theaters. A week ago, only our fans knew about Am I Racist coming to theaters today. It is the number four movie in America with a 99% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes. The incredible reviews are beginning to pour in. Finally, he's getting some reviews. Yesterday, Matt Walsh stopped by the world famous Joe Rogan show to talk about the movie. Take a listen to what Joe had to say about Am I Racist. Your movie is really funny. It's really funny by myself laughing out loud hysterically today. I watched it in the sauna, I watched it in the gym. I watched it. It it was, it's one of the best comedies I've seen in a long time because there's so many moments in it that are so uncomfortable. You heard it from Joe Rogan and don't miss out on the movie. They'll make you gasp, laugh, and cringe. If you haven't yet seen mi racist, go to mi racist.com, get your tickets. If you have seen mi racist, see it again this weekend. I repeat it's only in theaters. The only place you can see it. Keep the momentum going as we make history at the box office. Head on over to mi racist.com right now.


Well, meanwhile, the attempts to lie Kamala Harris into the White House, those continue a pace ProPublica, which is a far left outlet that routinely propagandize on behalf of democratic causes. They're now pushing a couple of lies about Georgia abortion restrictions. This is pointed out today by Isaac Shore over at Mediaite. In a pair of recent articles, ProPublica blame the death of two Georgia women on the bill in Georgia that outlaws abortion Once a fetus has a heartbeat with exceptions for rape, incest, and health of the mother. But those two stories of these two Georgia women have nothing to do with the Georgia bill. There's a person named Amber Nicole Thurman. She died in August, 2022 after taking abortion pills.


They succeeded in killing the unborn twins, growing inside her, but did not expel the remains. She sought follow-up care at Piedmont Henry Hospital in Stockbridge, Georgia to have the remains removed from her uterus. ProPublica suggested abortion bans have delayed emergency medical care in Georgia. Experts say this mother's death was preventable. Well, there's only one problem. She'd taken abortion pills. The babies were dead. She had not expelled the fetal tissue. She showed up at the hospital in in need of A DNC. Okay, well, here's the thing. It is not illegal in a dilation and securage situation, not illegal in Georgia to do a DNC on a dead fetus. It is not illegal to remove a dead fetus that so it wouldn't have violated the law for them to do the thing.


The real problem is that this person was able to obtain an abortion pill at a, at a, a fairly late stage in the pregnancy. So it turns out that pills that Planned Parenthood said were safe and effective, created a medical emergency. Physicians were slow to provide treatment, and somehow this is about Georgia abortion law. And then they published her second article blaming Georgia's restrictions on abortion for the death of another woman named Candy Miller in the fall of 2022. Once again, Miller used abortion pills to seek to terminate her pregnancy. Like Thurmond. The pills did not work as intended. They didn't expel all of the dead fetus. According to ProPublica Miller. And her doctors feared the 41 year old's pregnancy could be difficult and potentially dangerous due her to her struggles with lupus, diabetes, and hypertension.


After she took the pills, she was in excruciating pain for a few days. Her husband found her unresponsive in her bed and autopsy found a lot of painkillers, including fentanyl in her system. Her family told the coroner she hadn't visited a doctor due to current legislation on pregnancies and abortions. But again, she would've been able to obtain a DNC for the dead fetuses inside. So ProPublica is just lying about these laws, which they have to, because the reality is the actual rationale unfortunately, for the death of both of these women, seems to be misuse of abortion pills, which have now become widely available thanks to the FDA. So now they're gonna have to lie Kamala into the White House.


We all, we all know it. Meanwhile, we still have no further information on either the first assassination attempt against Donald Trump or the second assassination attempt against Donald Trump. Even Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal says that the Department of Homeland Security is now stonewalling on the Trump assassination attempt in Pennsylvania. The response from the Department of Homeland Security has been totally lacking. In fact, I think it's tantamount to stonewalling in many respects. If necessary, I'll certainly support a subpoena. It is kind of incredible that even Democrats are now acknowledging that DHS is doing a terrible job with regard to protecting Donald Trump.


Meanwhile, Chris Ray, head of the FBI, he says they're working around the clock on the second assassination attempt. Well, I mean, you know, it'd be great is if you worked around the clock's sufficient to give us the information necessary to determine what happened. I mean, like, it, it's amazing how, how often these things seem to be memory hold. We have dedicated the full force of the FBI to this investigation. And that runs the gamut from criminal to national security resources, from tactical support to evidence response teams, from forensic scientists to operational technology personnel. And I could go on together. We're working around the clock to investigate this.


Now, unfortunately, one of the realities with regard to President Trump's who been saying for a while, is that when you spend 10 years clearing that his orange Hitler, without the mustache, people start to take that seriously. So yesterday on c-span, a caller actually called and had to be cut off saying that you should assassinate the president of the United States. I mean, I suppose secret service will show up at this person's door. And I guess points for honesty. I I just want to say I'm a very patriotic American. I did 20 years in the military, two two of Vietnam wound in 1966 when back in 68. And I look at myself and think about, we pull as a military man, we supposed a close, we kill capital, destroy the enemy by all means available and to sea.


We let this man Trump destroy America. And I look at it and say, well, these two people had to step up and take that shot. I made it true. Nothing to lose. What? I'm sorry, Willie. You're not advocating violence, are you? Not violence? I'm talking about defending my country. All right, Well, you know, you just keep saying the same thing over and over and over. Some people might take that seriously. And meanwhile, the other big story of the day is, of course, that Israel had a second round yesterday of things going boom. It turns out that we now have some details about how exactly they made the pagers go boom. Contrary to a bunch of dots on Twitter. It turns out that it was not that Israel has the magical ability to make the cell phone in your pocket blow up.


That's stupid. They can't blow up your iPhone in your pocket by heating up the battery or something dumb like that. There was actual explosive material inside these pagers. Not only that, they did not as originally suspected interdict and already created shipment for Hezbollah. Like go to a factory in Iran, interdict it, put the explosives in, put the materials in that would make it blow up upon command. Instead, Israel apparently created the Mossad created a fake beeper company. They created an entire fake beeper company complete with a couple of other associated companies to make it look legit. They actually sold some real beepers to people. And then they somehow obtained the contract from Hezbollah to supply the beepers. And that's when they sold Hezbollah. The Acme blowing up in your kidneys, beeper and well done Israel.


Like truly well done. Well, it gets better. So the reason that Hezbollah switched to beepers in the first place is because Israel had essentially hacked all of their iPhones and their, and their cell phone capabilities. So Israel had a good window into what they were doing intelligence wise. So Hassan Raah the evil terror leader of Hezbollah, he had told his own people back in February, get rid of your cell phones and start using beepers. And Israel's like, Hey, got an idea. So they put the bombs in the beepers. So they blew 'em up a couple days ago. Crazy story. Crazy, crazy. Must targeted anti-terrorist strike in human history. Not possible to strike more terrorists simultaneously. More specifically than that, literally these beepers were only handed out to members of Hezbollah.


They were not in general use. You could not pick one up at a local at t store. These were not things like, there are a bunch of people out there who are saying this weird crap about how, oh my God, now that Israel has done this, should you be worried about your toaster? No, not unless you're a member of Hezbollah and you bought it from an Israeli front group. I, I'm gonna go with no, I don't think that you need to be worried about your microwave today unless you joined Hezbollah and are using your microwave to receive messages from Hassan Nara idiots. So Israel blew up the beepers. So that meant that needed a new comms system, right? So they went to their backup, their backup was walkie talkies. Do you know what's coming next? Oh, it turns out that Israel is also, and yes, I'm going to laugh at you.


If you're a terrorist who wants to murder Israeli citizens for your own perverse reasons, rape Israeli citizens, you side with the murderers and rapists of Hamas, when you get blown up by your own walkie talkie in something directly out of a Wiley Coyote cartoon because you bought it from Israeli Acme, I'm gonna laugh at you. And you deserve to be laughed at because you deserve to be mocked. 'cause your entire, your entire strategy is to terrorize people. But it turns out that you blew yourself up with a walkie talkie. So Israel blew up all the walkie talkies yesterday, killed another several dozen members of Hezbollah wounded several hundred more. So this prompted the usual spasms of apoplexy from the usual suspect.


So as you would imagine, the Biden administration is doing this insane routine. They're like, oh my God, the chances for peace have plummeted. They, they just broke peace. They broke, they're escalating. You know what escalated the situation on the northern border? That on October 8th, Hezbollah began firing rockets and hasn't stopped since. They fired over 8,000 rockets into Northern Israel, forcing the evacuation of the northern one fourth, one fifth of Israel. Major cities evacuated like a hundred thousand people not living in their homes. So that was kind of an escalation. And when you then launch the most innovative and specific counterterrorist strike in the history of warfare, that doesn't seem like an escalation. That seems like a don't do that.


Or we will blow up your pants. That's what that seems like a lot. But that's how the Biden administration, because they don't have a strategy in the Middle East. 'cause they're weaklings and they're pathetic and they're cowards because of all of that. And because they completely misread the Middle East. Where're like, well, if you're very nice to people, people will be nice to you. No, actually, that's not how it works in the Middle East or anywhere else on foreign policy.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you're not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or a meal, gain real time insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to lumen.me/shapiro, get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen. Do me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


It turns out, if you want people to be nice to you and they're not your allies, the best way to make them be nice to you is to remind them that if they're not nice to you, their pants blow up. It turns out that's a much better way to do things, as Donald Trump above all knew, didn't stop the Biden administration from continuing this nonsense. So Tony blinking yesterday, who's very uncomfortable, very uncomfortable with Israel defending himself by killing terrorists or by blowing off their balls. Very, very upset with Antoni blinken yesterday. The United States did not know about, nor was it involved in these incidents. And we're still gathering the information and gathering the facts. Ah, they're disturbed. They're very, very worried. Meanwhile, John Kirby, national Security Administration spokesperson, he says, you know, it's too soon to know if this is gonna impact the peace talks.


What peace talks, what peace talks. Israel has offered a thousand times some sort of step phase one ceasefire. Hamas has rejected every ceasefire. Hezbollah has not offered anything. Case of law just keeps firing rockets. What ceasefire Like they, they're such honest to God. There's such idiots on foreign policy. It's maddening. It's too, it's completely maddening. They just keep going. Well, it's the same thing Kamala Harris does. Well, we must reach a deal. We, we, we have. We need a deal. What we really need, eh, what we need is in the end, a deal that achieves so many things for so many. Yeah, well, you know, you got, you got any suggestions? I think everybody's willing to hear them at this point. Any real suggestions or do you just mean that you're gonna bull in a room with a bunch of diplomats who are twiddling their thumbs while people get blown up?


Like what, what, what's your plan? Got any plan? No, no. It's just gonna say diplomacy over and over like it's a magic word. Like abracadabra, diploma diplomacy. Two state solution, low IQ adults. Anyway, here is, here Is John Kirby being like, I don't know, it might, it might hurt the prospects of peace between Israel and a terror group that is violating un resolutions for 20 years. Yeah. Good. I think it's too soon to know if what happened over the last couple of days is gonna have any effect on where we are with a ceasefire deal. Sadly, we aren't any closer to that now than we were even a, a week ago. So it's difficult to see any immediate impact of these incidents, but I think it's just too soon to know.


In general, I cannot imagine why the Iranians are attempting to back Kamala Harris, which they clearly are. According to the Associated Press today, Iranian hackers sought to interest President Joe Biden's campaign in information stolen from Donald Trump's campaign, sending unsolicited emails to people associated with the then democratic candidate in an effort to interfere with the 2024 election. There's no indication any of the recipients responded to officials, several media organizations who have said they were also approached, did not publish it. Kamala Harris's presidential campaign called the Emails from Iran Unwelcome and Unacceptable Malicious Activity. But that's not the question. The question is, why does Iran want her to win? Oh, I can't imagine. It's a real It's a real mystery wrapped in enigma, why they want Kamala Harris to win.


I mean, maybe if I had to guess, it has something to do with the fact that the Democratic party is the party of the Irrepressibly, stupid and immoral. Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, who can mix a mean margarita, but has no brain cells of working up there and certainly no moral spine, a person who cried when she abstained from a vote to fund Israel's defensive iron dome. So she tweeted out yesterday, quote, Israel's pager attack in Lebanon. Like, well, detonated thousands of handheld devices across a slew of public spaces, seriously injuring and killing innocent civilians. I wanna see some numbers. Can you see some numbers? Like really, they keep saying it's killing innocent civilians. What's the ratio? It turns out urban warfare, civilians who are stationed next to Hezbollah, members who are terrorists, who are walking around in areas, some civilians get killed in military operations.


If that number is really small compared to the number of terrorists who are killed, that's what you would call a historic military success. And one of the most, one of the most humane missions in history. I mean, you know what Israel could have done if they act, if they wanted to be inhumane, you know what Israel would've done? They would've packed, I load more explosives in the beepers and in the walkie talkies. That's not what they did. By the way, that is what terrorists actually do. What terrorists actually do is what Iran famously did during the Iran Iraq war. They put what, what the Syrian government has done against the rebels. They actually put bombs in actual toys. They do what, what the Palestinians have done in the West Bank to put bombs in strollers. They hide terror tunnels, hundred children's bedrooms.


But Alexander Ocasio-Cortez, who by the way, has not tweeted one time or had anything to say at all about Hezbollah's continuous rocket fire for a year. Nothing. She has literally never tweeted about it. She says, the most specific targeted anti-terrorist strike in a human history, without a doubt, using explosives so small that it didn't even kill the people upon whom the explosives were planted. The vast majority of them were wounded, not killed, because the explosive was tiny. She says that this is a real problem. This attack clearly and unequivocally violates international humanitarian law and undermines us efforts to prevent a wider conflict. Oh, wow. Yeah. The US efforts have been, they've been super successful. Have they? Hmm. Yeah. You and your strategy, Israel's only under fire from seven different fronts, and all shipping is closed in the Red Sea.


You guys are doing a bang up job over there. Just Congress needs a full accounting of the attack, including an answer from the State Department as to whether any US assistance went into development or deployment of this technology. I mean, the answer is no, it didn't. The United States was not even informed because Israel doesn't trust the Biden Harris administration not to leak that to the Iranians. But this, this is, this is where your humanitarian bone kicks in, is when Israel performs the single most targeted anti-air opera. I just get the feeling that if Israel kills people, you assume that Israel is bad because you want Israel not to be able to defend itself. That seems like the motive, just to get this straight. When Israel develops the single best urban combat strategy in human history and Gaza, that's a genocide according to you people.


And then when they get even more specific and kill only is Hanh, that's bad. 'cause it undermines peace processes. And then when they blow up a bunch of terrorists with beepers handed out by Hezbollah on their bodies, that's bad too. I just get the feeling you want Israel to lose. That's just, I don't know. It's a weird thing. Bernie Sanders doing the same exact routine. That old joke of a Soviet style socialist, Netanyahu's, right wing extremist government is violating international and US law and has created the humanitarian in Gaza. Actually, it's Kamas who's just, who's created the humanitarian disaster in Gaza. And I, I always love when Bernie Sanders and the rest of these, the rest of these absolutely brain dead credence say things like It's Netanyahu's, right-wing extremist government.


It's called the elected government of the state of Israel. It was a unity government until about three months ago. There's no Israeli government that would not have performed the operation yesterday. The Israeli military, by the way, at the upper echelons, is dominated by people who don't like Bibi Netanyahu. This is well known inside of Israel. The generals at the IDF are not fond of Bibi Netanyahu, and the feeling is rather mutual. They're the ones who recommended the operations. Sanders said, today I announced I will file joint the resolutions of disapproval to stop the sale of USS Arms to Israel, and then the a complicitly. And this is, he just wants Israel to lose. That's all he wants. He wants Kama to win. He wants his bill out to win. That's all you can take away from this.


His tweets sound exactly like those of Antonio Gutierrez, the head of the despicable United Nations. And I wish Donald Trump would promise today to not just remove funding from the, from the U-N-R-W-A, which of course he, he did when he was president. He should pledge to withdraw the United States from the United Nations, tear down the buildings on American's soil, save us billions of dollars. Salt the earth. The UN is a trash heap. It's always been a trash heap. It's a legitimization device for some of the worst regimes on planet earth. And for complete moral turds, like Antonio Gutierrez quote, I'm deeply alarmed by reports that a large number of communication devices exploded across Lebanon and Syria, killing at least 11 people, including children injuring thousands.


All actors must exercise maximum restraint to avert any further escalation. Oh, well, yes. Well weird. 'cause Hezbollah has not exercised any restraint. I remember when there was a un resolution, a un resolution that dec that that dictated that the UN would occupy southern Lebanons who has to prevent this sort of conflict. And then where are, where's the, where are I? I feel like some answer unanswered. Where is the un Where are all those un uniform forces on in southern Lebanon preventing this conflict? Oh, you mean they just handed it over to Lebanon? They just handed it over to Hezbollah. Weird. Very strange. And when he says, well, they, they just injured thousands, two thousands of people carry around Hezbollah beepers. Why? By the way, when's the last time you carried around a beeper? Did I miss, did I misread my calendar?


Is it actually 1997? Are are you, are you really worried about your Nokia beeper going off right now? How many of you in my audience, how many of you carrying around beeper like this moment? The answer is zero. How many are members of Hezbollah carrying around a beeper other than tangential members of Rashida Taleb's staff? None. Oh, weird, weird. Again, you can see the, the, the, the underlying message is, oh, so clear. These people don't give a damn about international law. They've had nothing to say about Hezbollah or Kamas this entire time. They just want Israel blown off the map. That's what they want. And they're pretty clear about it. And hiding behind humanitarianism is just the latest guys.


In the same way, the left hides behind free speech in order to promote methodologies that destroy free speech and freedom of religion and, and freedom to bear arms and all the rest of your freedoms. They are constantly using the arguments that they hate in order to forward the interests and powers that they align with. They're, oh, humanitarian law, but Kamas is fine. So it's excuse the law. So what's going on in Congress? So it's going on in Syria all over the world. Totally fine. It's really just the, those, those, those dastardly Jews. All righty coming up. Sonny Hostin over at the View. She has a perspective on Brittany Mahomes. Brittany Holmes is, is apparently very, very bad. She's bad because she posted something Pro Donald Trump. If you're not a member, become member.


Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us. Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white. Make those. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much. At least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you love, I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Ain't gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now, is Matt certified DEI expert. Here's my certification. And what you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word inherent is challenging there. I wanna rename the George Washington monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bones.


So inherently, yes. This country is a piece of White folks. Trash white supremacy, white woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or this black person right here? Does he not exist? They say I'm racist. Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. Just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. IN THEATERS, NOW.