
Filtrate brand. Air filters help capture unwanted particles in your indoor air, like dust, pet dander, bacteria, and viruses, and have similar airflow across all Merv and NPR levels now available in more dimensions and sizes. Tons. On today's show, president Trump is threatening Iran. They must, he says unconditionally surrender. Tucker Carlson continues to go nuts on Trump, who responds by calling Tucker kooky Tucker Carlson. Plus we get to the latest from the left and their bizarre desire to crap on the military parade.


First, if you think Daily Wire Plus is just a subscription to watch some shows, think again. The Daily Wire is building a home for people who have had enough, enough lies, enough riots, enough cultural collapse disguised as compassion. We're here to fight with journalism that exposes the lies with uncensored content that puts truth back in the spotlight. You're not just tuning in, you're linking arms with the community that fights back. And when we fight, we win. Join now at Daily Wire Plus dot com.


Alrighty, so the news coming like a fire hose. A lot of updates coming from the United States. What is the United States going to do? But over the course of the last 24 hours, Israel told the Iranians they were going to take their state media offline. They then proceeded to do so in quite colorful fashion. The clip that was making the rounds look like this.


In any case, what Israel is doing right now, they have complete air superiority over the entire country of Iran. Not just that. Over the course of the last 24 hours, apparently they also took down via a Hacktivist group, a group called Predatory Sparrow. They took down Bank sepa, which is one of Iran's oldest financial institutions with ties to the IRGC as well as the army, according to Iran international dot com, which is sort of a dissident website that operates, I believe, from outside Iran. Several bank SEPA branches were closed on Tuesdays. Customers told Iran International they were unable to access their accounts. They have 1800 branches in Iran and others in Britain, France, Germany, and Italy. The United States imposed sanctions on banks Seppa in 2019.


President Trump did that after it withdrew from Iran's 2015 nuclear deal. So the banking system collapsing in Iran, the propaganda system collapsing in Iran and the military system collapsing in Iran as well. According to Israel, hay, Israeli Air Force Jets struck a man command command center at the heart of Teran killing Ali Shamani, that is Iran's chief of war staff. He was the most senior operational military commander in the country, and the closest advisor to Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Kna. He had served as the chief of war staff and commander of the Emergency Command Center of Iran's armed forces overseeing both the IRGC and the regular Iranian army. Now, he had a very short-lived tenure.


He had a really terrible temp job. He actually was appointed to command Iran's armed forces about five days ago because his predecessor AAM Ali Rashid was eliminated on day one. So congratulations for the promotion and also condolences for his death. And these are all people working for one of the most evil regimes on the planet. A regime that not only spreads terror throughout the region is responsible for the murder of hundreds, if not thousands of American troops across the region, but also happens to repress its own people to an extraordinary degree. So Israel took out a top general. They took the banks offline, they took down the Iranian media. They also were blowing up from the air, the F 14 con tomcats that Iran had left over from the pre-revolutionary period.


So the United States had sold F fourteens to Iran back when the Shah was running Iran. If you ever watch Top Gun Maverick, there's a country in it with F fourteens. There's only one country on planet Earth that still operates F fourteens. That country is Iran and just like in Top Gun Maverick, it turns out the F 14 is not a very good plane by comparison to today's modern models. And so this is what happens to f fourteens in modern combat. They just get blown up on the ground. Alrighty, you can see the actual video here. It is a it sort of drone footage of the, of the F fourteens being exploded on the ground. Tom Cruise nowhere in sight. Other developments, China has now told its citizens it's time to leave Iran, presumably in expectation of more Israeli strikes, Israel says they have now destroyed 50% of the IRG C'S ballistic missile launchers.


And this is one of the big problems for Iran. Iran keeps trying to fire missiles. They announced they're gonna fire missiles into Israel. The problem for them, as I talked about on the show yesterday, is that if they fire hundreds of missiles at one time, Israel can spot which ballistic Mitchell missile launchers are lighting up and then can destroy the ballistic missile launchers. So instead, what they've been relegated to doing is firing 10 at a time, five at a time, one at a time in the hopes that maybe somehow this is gonna hold off. I don't know, a revolution from within. It certainly isn't holding off Israeli offensive action, and it's certainly not taking a tremendous toll on the Israeli public. The Israeli public just has to run into basements once in a while. But this is a radical decrease from the beginning of the war. One of the first couple of days around was shooting off a hundred or 200 missiles at a time.


Qatar, for its part, being a font head for the Iranian regime, is trying to talk its way out of this quote. We warn against a reckless attack on Iran's energy facilities. The Israeli move is ill considered and will have repercussions on oil prices attacking nuclear facilities, poses a serious threat to regional security. We discussed with the IAEA ways to improve the security of the facilities. Little too little too late guys, sorry. But that's gonna be a big no on that one. By the way, the idea that there is a giant oil spike that is spike that has happened, that is also not true. This is something the Wall Street Journal is pointing out. Qatar is basically lying about this according to the Wall Street Journal. The big news in oil markets since Israel's attack on Iran's nuclear program is the price spike that wasn't Brent Crude popped from 66 bucks a barrel or so to a high of 78 bucks last week.


By Monday, it was back down below 73 bucks. That non panic owes to the ample global supply. It's a lesson for Congress and the Trump administration as they contemplate putting new sanctions on Russian oil exports. So global oil production is in pretty good shape to cope with the loss of Iranian supply. So meanwhile, the question becomes, what exactly is the next step here? So Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, he says, listen, Ali, the Supreme Iran, he's still on the table here. He might not make it out in one piece, But US officials tell us that the president flatly rejected a a a A plan, an opportunity that that that, that you, that the Israelis had to take out the supreme leader.


Do you understand his concern? My my understanding is his concern is that this would escalate the conflict beyond where it is already. It's not gonna escalate the conflict. It's gonna end the conflict. We've had half a century of conflict spread by this regime that is terrorizes. Everyone in the Middle East has bombed. The Aramco oil fields in Saudi Arabia is spreading terrorism and subversion and sabotage everywhere. That's the forever war is what Iran wants. And they're bring bringing us to the brink of nuclear war. In fact, what Israel is doing is preventing this, bringing an end to this, this aggression. And we can only do so by standing up to the forces of evil. Okay, prime Minister Netanyahu, also because the Iranian media were taken completely offline yesterday, he actually gave a message to the Iranian people.


This message he gave via an an alternative network that was broadcasting into Iran. So the only TV that Iran was able to see was essentially Israeli TV in Iran. Here we go. But I think you should understand these dictators in Iran. Sure, they fear us, but they fear you. The people of Iran even more. And you, our freedom is near. It's happening now. They understand that 80% of the people of Iran despise them. I hear a lot of them. You know, I do these videos for that. I broadcast to the Iranian people. I tell them how we could offer them help in the water shortage that you have.


The regime refuses. Of course. We tell them how we could cooperate these two glorious ancient peoples that have cooperated from the times of Cyrus, the great Cyrus, the great freed the Jews. Now it's time for you to be free and you have that opportunity. The people of Iran, I think have a brilliant future and our friendship can be restored to what it was and what it should be. This is the time. Okay? So again, it's not an explicit goal of the Israelis to topple the regime. They wanna get rid of the possibility of nuclear development by the regime. But if the regime happens to fall, well, no one is going to be crying about that already coming up much, much more on what the Israelis are doing in Iran.


Plus, President Trump is dropping a lot of hints about what may be ahead. And he's in a fight with Tucker Carlson. Tucker somehow thinks that he is like the leader of MAGA and President Trump slapped him down yesterday.


First, we are days away from what has been dub the Rio Reset, the greatest threats to the US dollar's global dominance in over 80 years. On July 6th, bris nations, Russia, China, India, Iran, many more are expected to unveil their plans to circumvent the American dollar, thus cratering its value. They've already been laying the groundwork as their central banks have been methodically divesting from the US dollar and US bonds in favor of gold. How can you protect your IRA or 401k from the fallout from this landmark shift? Diversify with gold from Birch Gold Group. Historically, gold has been a safe haven in times of high uncertainty. You may have noticed there's some uncertainty going on in the world right now. Now I myself have bought some gold recently because I'm looking at the economy and I'm thinking to myself, I'm not sure which way this is going. Get a free info kit on tax shelter gold IRAs by texting the word Ben to 98. 98. 98 July 6th. Marc say, monumental shift happening among nations that control one third of the world's GDP arm yourself the way I did with information to diversify your retirement savings Text BEN to the number 98. 98 98. Claim your free info kit from my friends over at Birch Gold. Again, Text BEN to 98. 98. 98 to get started today.


Also, here's something that will blow your mind over 85% of all the grass fed beef in your grocery store, it's imported. Yeah, from overseas where they've got completely different safety standards than we do here in the United States. That's exactly why I switched to Good Ranchers. Look, families are grilling almost every weekend this summer. We all wanna know exactly where our meat is coming from. At Good Ranchers dot com, every single cut beef, chicken, pork, it's 100% born, raised, harvested, right here in the United States from local family farms, no antibiotics ever. No added hormones, no seed oils, just pure clean American meat. And here's the best part, they deliver it straight to your door. No more wondering if you're getting quality meat at the grocery store. No more long lines. Producer savvy has been using Good Ranchers like nobody's business because she has a big chunky boy. And that kid loves the meats. Right now, if you subscribe to any Good Ranchers box, you get your choice of free meat for life. I'm talking free wa you burgers, hot dogs, bacon or chicken wings in every single box for as long as you're a subscribed Plus, when you use my code, Ben at Good Ranchers dot com, you'll save an extra 40 bucks off your order. Right now is the perfect time to start making your summer barbecues more high quality and more convenient. Head on over to Good Ranchers dot com. Use my code Ben for that. $40 off and free meat for life. Good Ranchers, American Meat delivered.


So what about President Trump? So President Trump's I've been saying is playing this absolutely brilliantly. Thus far. The Israelis have basically done the world's dirty work. The Israelis have taken out the vast majority of Iran's ballistic missile launchers. They've now taken out Iran's top military layer and many of the members of its secondary military layer. They've taken out a vast bevy of maybe up to 90% of its nuclear facilities. The only things that are really left on the table for the Iranians right now are the ayatollah himself, the nuclear facility at Fordo and the oil fields. Those are really the only things that Iran has. Israel has refrained from hitting the oil fields specifically because it does not wish to create any sort of serious oil spike is refrain from hitting Khomeini because it would like to see Khomeini either surrender or flee presumably because if Israel were to kill Khomeini, then there's always the possibility that there's some sort of red button somewhere that does let off the rest of the missiles all at once.


And then there's the Fordo nuclear facility. Now, if Fordo goes down, the problem for Khomeini is that that ends all nuclear future for the AYAs. And at that point the regime is extraordinarily vulnerable. Obviously militarily, they're very vulnerable right now. They do not control their skies on the ground. They're vulnerable as well because Israel can hit them pretty much anywhere. And when it comes to its nuclear future, the nuclear future was supposed to be the guarantee that the AYAs could stay in power despite the fact that they're quite unpopular at home. And this is why the AYAs built Fordo below a mountain. Apparently they, they built the the main nuclear facilities at Fordo, something like 90 meters deep encased in cement in order to prevent from exactly the kind of Israeli airstrikes that have been taking offline nuclear facilities at Naans and Isfahan.


So the only people on planet earth who have the planes capable of carrying the bunker busters that would make the process easy are the Americans. Now, Israel, I'm sure has come up with some clever ways to take out Fordo or to wreck the inside of the facility. Israel would not have entered this war without some endpoint, including the destruction of Fordo. It might be risky, it might be costly, but there's no way the Israelis went into this believing that there is no way they could take out Fordo. With that said, everything becomes a lot easier for the world if given the fact that Iran now has no offensive capabilities to speak of. Again, they're hiring one missile a night at the Israelis and the Israelis are wrecking them militarily. The thing that would end this war pretty quickly, and when I say pretty quickly, I mean within 24 hours is one B two sword from the United States carrying a couple of bunker busters that drills forough.


And that's the end of the story. That's really the whole thing because at that point, the Iranians have nothing to negotiate with at that point, Khomeini has nothing to hold out for. He may as well just say, listen, you guys got what you want, please leave. Please, please, please. And then it's just a question of whether the people of Iran want to do anything. But nobody here, by the way, is in the business of nation building. The United States is not in the business of nation building. If you think Israel is taking responsibility for nation building, Iran, you got another thing coming. Israel's a country of 9.7 million people. Iran is a country of 91 million people located some 1500 miles away. So none of that is happening. That is why all comparisons to Iraq are just completely inapt here. They do not match at all. This is much more similar to President Trump taking out Qem Soleimani and moves celebrated, by the way, by many of the same people who are now freaking out about the possibility of President Trump taking out Florida.


That is the reason why the latest polling shows, according to Grey House poll taking just a couple of days ago, do you support the United States attacking Iran if necessary, Trump voters? Yes. 72%, no, 19%. That's a very, very large majority. The idea that there's a giant split in Trump's base over whether we should fly one B two story taking out Fordo if we have to, if that's the best choice, actually, that is not particularly divisive inside the Republican party, which is why yesterday or late yesterday evening, president Trump announced that he'd be leaving the G seven summit early to return to Washington DC and there was talk that he was going to be meeting with the National Security Council inside the situation room.


There's a lot of speculation that there may have been a military move that was happening as of last night, according to Associated Press, where leaders had gathered in Canada with the specific goal of helping to diffuse a series of global pressure points only to be disrupted by a showdown over Iran's nuclear program that could escalate in dangerous and uncontrollable ways. Again, I'm waiting to see an explanation for what the escalation looks like. China is already abandoning ship. Russia has already abandoned ship. They told Aya Khomeini, we are not coming to your rescue at all. There are no outside forces coming to the rescue of Iran at this point. So the only question is, what are rounds capabilities? And let's just put it this way, if Iran had significant offensive capabilities, they should have flexed them already. Considering that Israel is completely wiping the Iranian military and nuclear facilities off the map with extraordinary impunity right now.


So President Trump left to head back to Washington and President Trump was asked on Air Force one about negotiating, because of course there are some in his administration who have been leaking to the press. We can speculate who those people are. There are some who've been leaking to the press. The President Trump is trying negotiations and Trump's like, no, I don't know that's that's gonna be a no for me dog. Are you open to negotiating with the Iranians right now or do you wanna wait? I don't know. I I, I've been negotiating. I told them to do the deal. They should have done the deal. The cities have been blown to pieces and lost a lot of people. They should have done the deal. I told 'em do the deal. So I don't know. I'm not too much in a mood to negotiate.


I'm not in too much of a mood to negotiate is one of the great historic lines. I gotta say. It's really great. It's not just, we're not negotiating right now. I'm not in the mood to negotiate. It is just spectacular. It's just spectacular. It's just great stuff. This is among many other things. What I voted for, this is what I voted for. I said I voted for Trump 1.04 in policy. This is like Trump 1.0 on steroids and it is great. This is what peace through strength looks like because guess what? Iran's a hell of a lot less of a threat to the region now than they were even a week ago. And there'll be a hell of a lot less of a threat a week from now than they are even now. President Trump meanwhile was asked about a ceasefire. There are a bunch of people at the G seven who are calling for President Trump to broke our ceasefire. He iss like, we're not doing ceasefires. Ceasefires are temporary.


What I want is an end to this war, like an end, end meaning no nuclear program for Iran. What specifically is better than a ceasefire? What are you looking for here? An end, A real end, not a ceasefire, an end. So something that would be permanent or, or giving up entirely. That's okay too. Are you closer or is, are you possible? Is that possible in the next $24 billion? Certainly possible in complete give up. That's possible. Says give up. That's possible, right? That that seems like a pretty clear message. Again, he has played this all the way, all the way to the mat. He's got all the cards. As President Trump likes to say, he is the one with all of the cards.


Okay? And that's real. And so he's playing all of those cards. He was asked about the fact that Tulsi Gabbard, his director of National Intelligence, who put out that bizarre video last week that we analyzed the one where she talked about the evils of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and seemed to imply that any action against Iran would somehow end in nuclear conflagration. Even though the whole goal of the Israeli operation is tore Iran from getting nuclear weapons. None of them made any sense. Tulsi Gabbard a few months ago had testified that there was no ongoing nuclear threat from Iran. Of course, this is contradicted by literally all int intelligence services and the IAEA President Trump was asked about Tulsi Gabbard comments. He's like, no, that's a big no from me. Mr. Always said that you don't believe Iran should be able to have a nuclear weapon, but how close do you personally think that they were to getting one?


Because Tulsi Gabbard very close, Tulsi Gabbard testified in March that, that the intelligence community said Iran wasn't building a nuclear weapon. I don't care What she said. I think they were very close to have him. Yep, yep. He is correct. And it does not sound like Tulsi Gabbard. Our DNI is in the good graces of the President, nor should she be because that was trash when she said it. It was silly. And it was contradicted at the time by the Secretary of Defense, Pete ef. Okay. So then the president decided to take to truth social and let his thoughts be known, quote, Iran should have signed the deal. I told them to sign what a shame and waste of human life. Simply stated, Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. I said it over and over and over again. Everyone should immediately evacuate to Harran. That is what he sent yesterday evening at 6:30 PM By the way, when he says, he said it over and over and over again, he did say it over and over and over again.


Steve Guest cut a 16 minute compilation of President Trump saying it over and over and over again. Here's just a few seconds of it. You cannot let Iran have a nuclear weapon. You cannot let it happen because bad things will happen if that happens. But everybody stopped. They were ready to make a deal. We would've made a deal that was great for everybody. No nuclear weapons. You can't give nuclear weapons now they're gonna have a nuclear weapon. Don't let Iran have nuclear weapons. That's my only thing. I have to tell you today, don't let them have it. They would've never had 'em, including Iran. We would've, they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's all. They can't have nuclear weapons. It's too, too destructive, too powerful.


They can't have it. But I wanted to make a deal with them. No nuclear weapons. You can't have nuclear weapons. Nuclear weapons are the single greatest threat to this world. To the whole World, okay? It goes on and on like this for 16 minutes on and on like this, okay? President Trump has been absolutely 100% consistent on this, his entire political career, all of it. And that's why as we'll get to all of the people in the supposed MAGA coalition who are yelling at him about a position that he has been taking consistently for 10 years without a gap. Maybe you misinterpreted, maybe you think you're the leaders of maga. That guy is the creator of maga. That one, the president of the United States here, I'm, I'm just gonna read to you from his 2015 Golden escalator speech.


Okay? Literally from the very first moment he entered presidential politics as a Republican, he was talking about this quote, we need to stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons. Iran is going to take over the Middle East. Okay? Iran is racing toward developing nuclear weapons. He said all of those things in his opening speech. When he came down the golden escalator, was he unclear? Did you miss the part where he said it? Are you, do you, do you have hearing problems? Do you have a brain problem? He's been saying it consistently. So all these people who are now mulling and screaming and crying, because he's doing the thing he said he was going to do. Welcome to President Trump, who generally does the thing he says he's going to do. So President Trump then went to truth social and reiterated this.


He said, listen, America first means no nuclear Iran. America first means many great things, including the fact that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon, make America great again. Can he be any clearer? Well, in case you were wondering, he he actually tried to do it even more. Okay. Emmanuel Macron started trying to speak in President Trump's name, which is absurd, suggesting that he was working on a ceasefire. So first of all, president Trump cannot stand Emmanuel Macron, as we'll see a little bit later on in the show. Neither can most people, as it turns out, maybe there's a reason that he had to marry a woman twice his age. In any case, he's not a popular man with people who know him personally. Apparently, Georgia Maloney rolled her eyes so hard, the prime minister of Italy at, at having to deal with Emmanuel Macron, that her eyes rolled directly out of her head.


Anyway, president Trump was upset with Emmanuel Macron. He tweeted, quote, publicity seeking president Emmanuel Macron of France mistakenly said, I left the G seven Summit in Canada to go back to DC to work on a ceasefire between Israel and Iran. Wrong, he has no idea why I am now on my way to Washington, but it certainly has nothing to do with the ceasefire. Much bigger than that, whether purposely or not, Emmanuel always gets it wrong. Stay tuned. I I, I do love the the Ford pitch just in the industry that that's what we call it when you have to pitch past a commercial. I love it. He's great at this. He knows his industry already coming up. President Trump is ready to do something. What is that something? We're not sure yet, but Tucker Carlson is attacking him for it. We'll get into that fisticuffs in just a moment.


First, let's be honest, that car in your driveway, maybe it's from the Obama years, maybe it's last year's model. Either way, it's just sitting there. It's not doing anything except reminding you. You never listed it on Craigslist. You know the jingle. You know, 1, 8, 7, 7 cars for kids. That one, it's been stuck in your head since 2003. It is now 22 years later. Now time to let that earworm pay off for you. Donating your car is insanely easy. No paperwork, headaches, cars for kids will pick it up fast. It's free towing and you've just supported a great cause. These guys have been doing this for over 30 years. They've taken in over a million vehicles. So call today, one, eight, seven, seven cars for kids or go to cars for kids.org/ben. It is fast, easy, impactful. That's cars for kids.org/ben. Again, cars with a k, still not convinced. Just hum that jingle a few times. You know you're doing it. You're doing it right now. I can hear you. You can hear you. You can't resist cars for kids.org/ben, do it today. Your unused car will thank you. And so all the beneficiaries of your charity cars for kids.org/ben, go check them out right now and take that junker in the front yard and turn it into something good for everybody.


Also, every time there's a father's day, you think about mortality. I know it's dark, right? But it's also true. And one day bad news, guys, here comes, you're gonna die. But here's the thing, you can protect at least your family's financial future, if God forbid, that should happen sooner rather than later. That's where policy genius comes in. Policy genius simplifies life insurance, shopping with quotes from top insurers, helping you find affordable coverage that fits your needs and budget, all while giving your loved ones a financial safety net to handle debts, expenses like mortgage payments, or even build wealth over time. If the worst were to happen to you with policy Genius, you can find life insurance policy starting at just 276 bucks a year for a million dollars in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and to feel good about the future. PolicyGenius lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with their licensed support team handling questions, paperwork, and advocating for you throughout the process so you can move forward quickly, get the coverage you need and get back to living your life. What makes them trustworthy is their personalized approach. They know life insurance isn't one size fits all, so they clearly present all your options, including coverage, amounts, prices, and terms with complete transparency and no guesswork. Secure your family's future with PolicyGenius. Head on over to PolicyGenius dot com slash shapiro to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies. See how much you could save. That's PolicyGenius dot com slash shapiro.


Then there are a bunch of people inside his administration who went leaking to people like Barack Ravi did. Axios, the quite terrible reporter who relies on dissension within the administration nor to report things that end up very often not being true. So there a bunch of people in the administration, again, I have, I have suspicion as to which people who are leaking to Axios as per usual, always in the same direction. President Trump is gonna pursue negotiations. President Trump then went on truth social. This would've been at five 20 this morning, Eastern time. Quote, I have not reached out to Iran for peace talks in any way, shape, or form. This is just more highly fabricated fake news. If they wanna talk, they know how to reach me. They should have taken a deal that was on the table, would've saved a lot of lives. Okay? Later in the day, the President of the United States tweeted out a message from Mike Huckabee, a text message from the ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee.


And here's what it says, quote, Mr. President, God spared you in Butler, Pennsylvania to be the most consequential president in a century, maybe ever. The decisions on your shoulders, I would not want to be made by anyone else. You have many voices speaking to you, sir, but there is only one voice that matters. His voice meaning God's. I am your appointed servant in this land and I'm available for you. But I do not try to get in your presence often because I trust your instincts. No president in my lifetime has been in a position like yours, not since Truman, in 1945. I don't reach out to persuade you, only to encourage you. I believe you'll hear from heaven and that voice is far more important than mine, anyone else's. You sent me to Israel to be your eyes, ears, and voice, and to make sure our flag flies above our embassy. My job is to be the last one to leave. I'll not abandon this post. Our flag will not come down. You did not seek this moment, this moment sought you. It is my honor to serve you. So President Trump posted that.


He said from Mike Huckabee, a pastor, politician, ambassador, and a great person. And then later in the morning he tweeted out, quote, we now have complete and total control over the skies over Iran. Iran had good sky trackers. Now their defensive equipment and plenty of it, but it doesn't compare to American made, conceived and manufactured stuff. Nobody does it better than the good old USA. Now notice the use of the first person plural. Alright? We now have complete and total control over the skies. Iran, not Israel. We, so all of this seems to imply that President Trump may be ready to simply put an end to this conflict by dropping a couple of bunker busters on Florida. Alright? That would be the easiest way to end the conflict. President Trump knows that.


That seems like a pretty easy lift for the Presidents of the United States. He also started removing troops and personnel from American bases in Eastern Syria, presumably to avoid any sort of blowback should he decide to make that Call. Now again, it's not clear that he is going to make that call or which way he's going to go, but the President has the Iranians right where he wants them. At this point. They have no hand to play, as the president likes to say. This becomes clear from another Wall Street Journal piece that was reported this morning, quote, AYA Khomeini and his top advisors never expected Israel to launch airstrikes on the scale they've seen in recent days. While they were negotiating with the Americans, the foreign minister told diplomats they'd been played by Trump and the US Middle East special envoy, Steve Whitcoff into thinking negotiations would prevent a strike.


According to European and Arab officials, the Iranians have said privately they could be open for resume negotiations as long as Trump publicly says he doesn't support the Israeli strikes. So what do they want? They want Trump to say that, oh, no, no, no, I don't like the strikes. Trump's not gonna do that. Why would he possibly do that? They, they want the Iranians think They can bully President Trump into saying that he disapproves the Israeli strikes with what? With what leverage would they compel the president of the United States, the most powerful person on planet earth, with the unfettered capacity to fly over Iran with anything he pleases up to and including a paraglider? Why? What? What leverage do they think they have? That they're insane. They're outta their minds. That's crazy. Apparently the foreign minister said, a private message is not enough.


The US government needs to condemn the attack on nuclear facilities and explicitly withdraw from this conflict to prove its good intentions. And then he said that Iran would only accept the deal that allows it to enrich uranium. This is Baghdad Bob kind of stuff. The foreign minister is Tehran Tom, apparently that what? What a hot take from the foreign minister. He's gonna bully the President of the United States into apologizing for Israel's action in the Middle East. Good luck with that. Meanwhile, the supposed conflict that is breaking out amongst maga, it is not real. I'm just putting it out there. It's not real. There are some voices that you hear that are very big on X. Some people who are in the media space, who have, you know, relatively large audiences who are making the case that there's a gigantic split in MAGA over whether the president decides to activate the B twos to bomb four out, or, or or not.


And let's just be clear by the polling data that is not true. This has been and remains a fringe opinion. The President is a peace through strength advocate. You think that the guy who blew Qem soleimani into little tiny pieces, pieces so small that they could not put them back together again. You think that that guy is a pacifist. You think that the same Donald Trump who sent Tomma Hawk missiles into Syria, that one's the pacifist. You think the president who on Saturday had a gigantic military parade to s show off our hardware and praise the US Army's history. That guy's, the pa, he doesn't sound like the kind of guy who, for example, thinks that Churchill was the bad guy of World War ii. Doesn't sound like the president of the United States, this president of the United States.


He doesn't sound like the kind of guy who thinks that the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to end World War II was some sort of great moral blight on the history of the United States. That doesn't sound like President Trump. It sounds like other people in the supposed MAGA movement, people who wish to grab control of that MAGA movement pretend that they are the substitute leaders of that MAGA movement, that actually it's their movement independent of President Trump. But that doesn't sound very much like President Trump to me. Well, obviously one of those people is Tucker Carlson. So over the course of the last 48 hours, he has continued to up the ante. So last week he put out, of course, a newsletter in which he suggested that the president had betrayed MAGA in America first. And President Trump responded by saying he made MAGA in America first, which of course is true.


And then yesterday Tucker spun off while doing an interview with Steve Bannon, who seems to be taking a similar position, talking about how this could end Trump's presidency. By what stretch of the imagination. Seriously, a full scale invasion in occupation, viron would end its presidency. Fortunately, literally no one alive is talking about that because that would be crazy. But here's Tucker Carlson again going after the president on this. I actually really love Trump. I think he's a deeply humane kind person. And I am saying this because I, I'm really afraid that my country's gonna be further weakened by this. I think we're gonna see the end of American Empire. Obviously other nations would like to see that.


And this is a perfect way to scuttle the USS America on the SHS of Iran. But it's also going to end, I believe Trump's presidency and effectively end it. Okay? So it's gonna effectively end Trump's presidency. It's gonna, it's gonna end America and American Empire. I thought he doesn't like American Empire, first of all. So what is he so worried about? He doesn't like America's role in the world. Also, you know, I'm gonna take it with a grain of salt. When he says that he loves the President of the United States since in 2020, it was uncovered in that lawsuit in which Dominion Voting Systems filed lawsuit against Fox News that he was texting people saying that he quote unquote passionately hated Donald Trump in 2020. So I'm not sure whether he passionately loves Donald Trump or whether he passionately hates Donald Trump. Whether he believes that Donald Trump has betrayed the MAGA movement or what he believes President Trump has betrayed about the MAGA movement.


Suffice it to say President Trump was unhappy with this. And President Trump labeled Tucker Carlson kooky yesterday. He put out a statement on truth social in which he said, someone please explain to kooky Tucker Carlson, that Iran can never have a nuclear weapon. So President Trump calls Tucker Carlson kooky Tucker, which again, I think is a very, very good descriptor of Tucker Carlson at this point. Let's just say that he has pushed a bunch of theories that are specious in the extreme on based in evidence or reason. And you can enjoy Tucker Carlson. Your heart's contend it is a free country. Suffice it to say, I do not find that his takes are rooted in reality, rooted in rationality at this point.


And President Trump, of course sounding off about this because Tucker is the leader of an entire new wing of maga. It's not very large, but it is very loud, suggesting that the president is not in control of the movement that he created. That of course includes representative Marjorie Taylor Green. She of the less than average iq. She put out a statement talking about how much he loves Tucker Carlson. He is one of her favorite people. That's fine, that's fine. He unapologetically believes the same things I do, says Marjorie Taylor Greene, that if we don't fight for our own country and our own people, then we'll no longer have a country for our children and our grandchildren. Okay? We thank you for that meaningless statement. I think we all agree with that. And foreign wars intervention regime change, put America last kill. Innocent people are making us broke and will ultimately lead to our destruction.


Well, I mean, those aren't all the same thing. Foreign wars intervention and regime change like every intervention like killing soleimani. That that, that made America broke and led to our destruction. And they said, that's not kooky. That's what millions of Americans voted for. It's what we believe is America who gives a what? Marjorie Taylor Greene believes is America first compared to Donald J. Trump. Again, I have my disagreements with President Trump. You've heard me disagree with President Trump many times. I don't claim I'm the leader of America first, or maga. That's an absurdity. Her speaking in the name of the MAGA movement as opposed to President Trump. It's ridiculous. And the people who are siding with this trying to rest control of a movement they did not build and they're not responsible for from the President of the United States is insulting in the extreme.


Alright, still a lot coming up on the show. We'll get to the latest from the G seven plus the UK supposedly tackling racial data with regard to those grooming gangs.


First, there's been some concerning research about the true safety of the abortion pill. It's worth discussing it. A recent report suggests serious adverse effects from the abortion pill might be more common than previously understood, potentially affecting around 11% of patients. Given that the abortion pill now accounts for about 60% of all abortions in the US and with roughly a million procedures annually, this could impact tens of thousands of women every year. This raised important questions about how we approach reproductive healthcare. Organizations like the PreBorn Network are taking a different approach. They're reported to helping over 67,000 women last year by providing comprehensive support that addresses both physical and emotional needs, while also offering spiritual guidance through their faith-based perspective. What's interesting is they're finding that when women have the opportunity to see an ultrasound and hear their baby's heartbeat, it actually significantly increases the likelihood they'll choose to continue their pregnancy. They structured their program. So a single ultrasound cost just 28 bucks, 140 bucks can help support five women and their babies through their decision making process to support pre born's important work. You can donate by texting baby to pound two 50 or visit PreBorn dot com slash ben. All contributions are tax deductible. We got some more on this in moment.


First, you know, every time I go shooting, I think to myself, this is great. It could probably be a little better. Guess what? It can. Let me tell you how to make shooting more fun, safer, just overall cooler. If you've never used a suppressor before, you're missing out. Trust me. Once you shoot suppressed, you're not gonna wanna shoot Unsuppressed again. That's where my friends at Silencer shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They specialize in making sure your shooting experience is awesome. The experts at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect silencer so you can enjoy your guns even more. And now is the perfect time to get one. Why not let your tax return work for you this year? Invest in a suppressor and completely upgrade your shooting experience? The best part, silencer Shop makes the entire process ridiculously simple. They're the number one source for suppressors in America with the largest selection of top brands. Silencer Shop helps handle all of the paperwork so you actually don't have to. With their nationwide dealer network and easy to use kiosk system, you can get started in minutes and have your suppressor faster than ever. So don't wait. Visit silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. Turn your tax return into the ultimate shooting upgrade. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. Again, silencer shop dot com slash shapiro. That's silencer shop dot com slash shapiro.


Dave Smith, another one of these, right? He came out and suggest yesterday that Trump should be impeached full on impeached for the crime of, for the crime of Fenestrating, one of the worst regimes on the planet without firing a shot. That's the big mistake according to now. I will say Dave Smith, I will say he was consistent a while ago. Then he was inconsistent, then he was consistent again. So if you go back a couple of years, he was calling for Donald Trump to be impeached. Then he voted for Donald Trump, apparently, and then he is calling for Donald Trump to be impeached again. So here he is back to being Captain Impeach. But don't worry, he too is ma. Apparently America first means Iran must have a nuclear weapon And America can do nothing. And if you disagree with that, then you are not America first. You know, then, then you're just some guy like President Trump who's an anonymous rando.


I mean, what a, what a impotent leader to be sitting there talking about coming back to the negotiating table. It's like sitting after Pearl Harbor and telling FDR now's the time to go negotiate with the Japanese, right? Negotiations are over. Now the time for negotiations was before this. And so yeah, Donald Trump looks, and man, I, I supported him this last year. I apologized for doing so. It was a bad calculation at the time. It seemed like the right one, but he should be impeached and removed for this one. Okay? And then just to follow that up, Dave Smith went on Twitter and then he called the President of the United States, quote, the most impotent of a leader imaginable. He's allowing one side of a war who clearly wants to drag us into lie about our involvement.


While not correcting the record, Trump has betrayed MAGA and every principle of America. First. He's no longer worthy of any of our support. He probably never was, has Dave Smith. So just gonna point out Once again, these are the people who believe they should be in control of maga. Do you agree with that? 77 million Americans voted for Donald Trump. Some of us campaigned for Donald Trump. Some of us gave money to Donald Trump. I'm one of those people. And you know what? I voted for this. And you know who represents that view? The president of the United States, who on the afternoon of June 17th, put out on truth social, the following statement, all capital letters unconditional surrender, exclamation point.


So is that not America first, or it wasn't America first? When America asked for the unconditional surrender of Japan, it wasn't America first. When America sought to end the Gulf War by pushing Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait, it, it wasn't America first when President Trump hit Kaseem Soleimani because these self-appointed MAGA priests get to the side, not the presidents of the United States. Well, Donald Trump had one more comment about Tucker Carlson, who's asked specifically about Tucker's take. He said, you know what, maybe you should get a TV network and, and then talk, and then maybe people listen, I I don't know what Tucker Carlson is saying. Let him go get a television network and say it so that people listen.


Thank you. Meanwhile, it is worthwhile noting who does agree with Tucker Carlson and Marjorie Taylor Greene and Dave Smith and Candace Owens, and all of the other very loud voices who are claiming that President Trump has betrayed the movement and so on and so forth. Those people would include representative and Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez representative Thomas Massey of Kentucky, who President Trump has wanted to primary it includes Bernie Sanders, who has also come out against the president of the United States. The horseshoe theory is real and working. Thomas Massey says, quote, this is not our war. I'm introducing a bipartisan war power's resolution tomorrow to prohibit our involvement. So first of all, that is not how the war power's resolution.


I mean, you can provide the resolution, but then the President has 60 days within which to continue to conduct activities before he has to go back to Congress for the possibility of a permission or shutdown of fund. So good luck with that. 'cause this thing is gonna be over well before that. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez signed on as well. Bernie Sanders, very upset. The boys over at Pod Save America are siding with Tucker Carlson and Marjorie Taylor Green. I have a general rule. If the people of Positive America are agreeing with you on a major foreign policy issue, the designers of the J-C-P-O-A, you are doing it wrong here is Tommy Veder, former van driver for Barack Obama. The folks they're fighting against are like Tucker Carlson, Steve Bannon, Marjorie Taylor Green, who I think on the merits, our best friends.


I mean on the merits and on the politics. Like I'm team Tucker, Steve, MTG here, fellas. So on the merits, I think they have correctly identified, and they did so before this week that this wasn't really just about weapons of mass destruction. This was a regime change war, which has been confirmed by all these reports that Trump is vetoing plans to kill the Iranian Supreme leader. So check, yeah, for Tucker there and then the politics, I just think that like Tucker and Bannon and MTG are way more in tune with the MAGA base than like the gang at National Review. And no one wants a war in the Middle East. And, and no one is gonna believe another intelligence based, trust me, we're the experts pitch about why we need to go decapitate the leaders of another Middle Eastern country.


So first of all, Israel has not asked the United States to decapitate the leadership of another country. Second of all, Tommy Veer is the biggest idiot in foreign policy. That dude worked with Ben Rhodes on the J-C-P-O-A to set up an Iranian dominant Middle East that ended with October 7th and wild expansion of terror groups all over the region. That guy. So if he's agreeing with you, you should be running for that. Also, if someone speaks for maga, Tucker can't speak for maga. Marjorie Taylor Green doesn't speak for maga. Tommy Erish doesn't speak for maga. I mean, that's an obs that's just ridiculous. At least Tucker and Marjorie Taylor Green can claim to have voted for the president. Tommy Veer hates that guy, and he's gonna speak for what MAGA wants. Good luck.


Again, I think only one person kind of speaks for what maga as a general rule wants, and I may disagree with it, you may disagree with it, but only one guy speaks for that movement. And that is the president of the United States, which brings us to the subject of today's takedown. All right, so John Stewart, who is still around, you know, one of the things that always strikes me about John Stewart and some, some of these other types is how old they are. Like John Stewart made his bones like the cool young guy. He's now 62 years old. John Stewart is seven years younger than my dad, right? And, and that dude is still kinda wheeling around now, hobbling around on his walker, talking to me about politics when he, he was one of the signal driving forces in the making stupid of American politics.


I, I truly believe this. I've talked about it publicly before John Stewart turned politics from, let's have a discussion into what if I play a clip out of context and then go, Hmm. And, and half of our political conversation is now that just making funny faces at pieces of clips. So I got editors too, and They can do stuff in edit. But on this show, we try to actually talk through the issues. John Stewart, if you asked him to simply fill in the names of the countries in the Middle East, you gave him a map and it just had borders and it didn't have names, and you asked him to fill in any of those countries, there is no chance in hell. He knows what he's talking about. None. In any case, John Stewart, he, he says that what, what President Trump is doing is just, just terrible.


Here we go. But what happened with Iran? Weren't we about to make a nuclear deal? Wasn't our deal maker in chief making a deal to keep Iran from enriching uranium? Actually, didn't we have a deal before our deal maker in chief so wisely pulled us from that deal? Why did this have to go balmy on Iran now And by next spring, at most, by next summer at current enrichment rates, they will have finished the medium enrichment and move on to the final stage. Now, there It is. Moron is months away from having a nuclear bomb.


It says Netanyahu in 2012. Okay, pause it there. He's a moron. You know what happened after 2012? Here's what happened After 2012, the Stucks net virus, Israel somehow got the Iranian scientists to load into their own centrifuges a computer virus that effectively lied to them about the output of the centrifuges. And it held back development for several years. Israel also had a consistent way of blowing up Iranian nuclear scientists. They would mysteriously die in Iran, like over and over and over again. Israel was consistently performing below the radar operations in order to keep the Iranian nuclear program in check.


That was a thing that was happening consistently. What changed? What changed? Iran started to break out this year? That's what the intelligence was suggesting, not mine. The IAEA, not Netanyahu's, the IAEA, John Stewart's beloved International Atomic Energy Agency. They said that Iran was breaking out and racing you. You wanna know why the G seven G seven hates Israel, the G seven eight. You're talking about France and England. You think that the G seven is fond of Israel. The G seven is like, you know what, nothing else's not wrong. They're developing a bomb. But according to John Stewart, John Stewart knows better because after all, he makes funny faces into a camera. Oh, by the way, did Iran happened to get that bomb from a company called Acme?


So now we're just bringing back jokes from 2012. Nobody made that joke. Ever. Will it be delivered to Israel on rocket powered skates? Will it go off in a tumultuous me, me? Wow. Roadrunner catch. Seriously? Why did we have to bomb Iran? Now, Iran is so dangerous weeks away from having the facile material for an entire arsenal of nuclear bombs. Holy. That's why Iran's only weeks away from having an entire arsenal of nuclear bombs says Netanyahu in 2015. Well, yes, again, consistent efforts by the Israelis kept Iran from going nuclear.


And then Iran decided they were going to break out of that. Over the course of the last couple of years in particular, they decided that now was the moment that there's contemporaneous reporting on this from the New York Times, from the Wall Street Journal. But, but apparently timelines don't exist and events don't exist in the world of, of John Stewart. All right, well, he continues along these lines. He then starts attacking President Trump. Of course, a hot war between Israel and Iran could threaten the United States. It's best we stay out of it. Secretary of State, Michael Rubio saying Israel took unilateral action against Iran and that the US is not involved in strikes.


We're not involved. That's, that's good. That's good. The US says it was formed beforehand. We were informed. They let us know we're still not being involved. Really. President Trump acknowledged yesterday that he was aware of the Israeli operation and he gave it a green light. Oh, They don't know what they're talking about. We were told we approved. It's still Israel's game. Israel used American equipment during its initial strikes against Iran.


What the fuck are we doing? Hold up a second. Of course. So first of all, of course, Israel used American equipment. What do you think Israel is forced to buy under terms of contract with the United States? The United States gives $3 billion in 80 a year to Israel. Israel doesn't just spend that $3 billion in military aid in the United States by contract. They have to, they then spend another tens of billions of dollars in their own military budget on US made military equipment. You think this F 35, who else manufactures F 30 fives? Quick show of hands. Anybody? Anybody? No one. The only party on planet Earth that manufactures F 30 fives in the form that they currently are is the United States. So yes, you know who else has military equipment from the United States? Turkey, Saudi Arabia, half the countries on earth have some military equipment, Ukraine.


There are plenty of countries that have what an idiot has it. Seriously. What The fact that people take commentary from people like John Stewart, professional comedian, as though they're some sort of holy writ. This man was such a big part of making our politics so much dumber. So much dumber. But don't worry, our politics can always get even dumber than that. One of the things that that is talked about very frequently these days is how dare the United States get involved in the politics of Iran? You know, the last time the United States got involved in the politics of Iran is when they toppled the, the leader mde, when we toppled this wonderful politically demo democratically elected leader mde, back in 1953, okay?


There, there's only one problem with that. That's not actually what happened. Mohammad Moto was never elected. That is not the way the system even worked in 1953. There's this whole alternative history of Iran that has now been written based on a bunch of sort of self-congratulatory books by figures who were tangentially involved. But Peter Thoreau has a great piece of tablet from March, 2023 talking about what actually happened in Iran. And the answer, what happened in Iran is that Mohammed Ude was the appointed Prime Minister appointed by wait for it, wait for the Shah, and then approved by the Parliament. And then Parliament wanted to get rid of him, and the Shah finally decided to get rid of him, and then a Democratic procedure, they decided to get rid of him, and he resisted. And then there was a quote unquote coup. That's what actually happened.


Yes, the United States and Great Britain wanted that to happen because most of that had also attempted to nationalize all of the oil fields and all of the oil drilling in Iran. But this bizarre idea that we must never, ever, ever be involved in Iran, and anyway, forget about deposing Aya Khomeni, the we shouldn't, we shouldn't bomb fordo. We shouldn't give Israel weaponry. We should, because of what happened in 1953 in Iran. I can give you an example of what happens when the United States does not get involved in Iran. That'd be the 1979 Iranian revolution where the AYAs took over from the Shah. Have things been better or worse since then? In Iran? Everybody continues to operate under a series of bad historical analogies. Every war is Iraq. Every intervention is the deposition of a Democrat democratically elected foreign leader, even if that's not even what happened in the first place.


I'll note by the way, that the Shah was a significantly better ally to us than most of that would've been. He would've allied with the Communist Soviet Union at the time. But again, bad history is the ally of people who don't like reality. Okay? Meanwhile, the G seven is continuing a pace. The president of the United States stopped by and then he left. So he was there to negotiate some trade agreements. He talked to Kiir Starer, the ridiculous leftist leader of the uk, and he said, you know what I, I like Kiir, so we'll figure something out. Mr. President, do you have a real about future tariffs? What can you guarantee the UK will be protected from any future tariffs? The UK is very well protected.


You know why? Because I like them. That's why. That's their ultimate protection. Mr. Thank you very much. The prime minister's done a great job. I want to just tell that to the people of the United Kingdom, he's done a very, very good job. You know, he's done what other people, they've been talking about this deal for six years this year, and he's done what they haven't been able to do. So he's done really a very good job. Okay? So you know, again, president Trump operates very much off the basis of personal relationships. And so you'd assume that something will get done with the tariffs with the uk. Perhaps the funniest moment of the sort of abbreviated G seven, again, president Trump left because of what's going on in the Middle East. Wa was George Maloney, who is the prime minister of Italy, who obviously just cannot stand.


Emmanuel. Macron just cannot stand him. You can see in this video, she is like falling over. She cannot deal with Emmanuel Macron. She's supposed to be talking with him, and she's like, oh my God. Oh, I just can't, I can't, yeah, you and me both sister. Turns out a lot of us are not big fans of Emmanuel Macron. Now, back to the UK for a moment, scandal has now broken out across the UK after the Secretary of State for the home Department of the UK acknowledged the gigantic scandal of a coverup of the grooming gangs case in the uk. She condemned, according to the guardian, damning failures by the authorities to protect children from grooming gangs.


As she announced, there will now be a formal requirement on police for the first time to collect ethnicity and nationality data for all cases of child sexual abuse and exploitation. For those who don't remember this case, this is a case in which literally hundreds, if not thousands of young white girls were trafficked by British Pakistani men, meaning they were groomed into sexual servitude, and then they were trafficked around dozens of these Pakistan, and they would create grooming gangs. They would drive the the girls around to various locations and rape them, and the authorities knew about it, and they virtually did nothing. They really ignored an enormous amount of it. Well, now, finally, years later, they're acknowledging this is a problem. There was a report by a person named Louise Casey assessing what was known about the grooming gangs, and Casey said, the failure of the authorities until now to collect good data on the ethnicities of the offender today disservice to the British Pakistani community and could leave them at risk.


So I love this. So it was disproportionately British Pakistani men who were engaged in the grooming gangs, and the person who did the study says that it's a disservice to British Pakistani men not to gather ethnicity data on all of this. She says, you get the far right using that type of situ. Yes, clearly, the far right is the big problem here. They're, they're all just doing now, the Norm McDonald joke. Imagine if terrorists set off a nuclear bomb in the middle of a city. Imagine the Islamophobia that might arise. That would be the true tragedy like that. That's what they're doing. Now, there's a grooming gang scandal featuring Muslim men preying on white women, not white women, white girls, and, and the governments like, you know, the real victims in all this could be. Other Muslim men asked if she was worried that recording the data could lead to civil unrest.


The cross bench peer responded, let's put it the other way. If for a minute you had another report that ducked the issue, what do you think is gonna happen? Do you think they're not gonna use that as well? So Cooper, Yvette Cooper, the Secretary of State for the Home Department, explained why she was calling for a change in policy, but then downplayed the impact of Pakistani men in the grooming gang scandal. There's a speaker I warned in January that the data collection we had inherited from the previous government on ethnicity was completely inadequate. It was only collected on 37% of suspects. Barron's Casey's audit confirms that ethnicity data is not recorded for two thirds of grooming gang perpetrators.


And she says it is not good enough to support any statements about the ethnicity of group-based child sexual exploitation offenders at the national level. I agree with that conclusion, and frankly, it is ridiculous and helps no one, that this basic information is not collected, especially when there have been warnings and recommendations stretching back 13 years about the woefully inadequate data on perpetrators, which prevents patterns of crime being understood and tackled, ignoring the issues, not examining and exposing them to the light, allows the criminality and depravity of a minority of men to be used to marginalize whole communities.


The vast majority of people, in average, British, Asian, and Pakistani heritage communities continue to be appalled by these terrible crimes and agree that the criminal minority of sick predators and perpetrators in every community must be dealt with robustly by the criminal law. Okay, so this led Maggie Oliver. Maggie Oliver was the constable in the Greater Manchester Police, who was a whistleblower when the government was simply ignoring the Rochdale child sex abuse ring. And here she was slamming Yvette Cooper saying like, what the hell? Why is this about somehow defending against Islamophobia as opposed to, you know, defending the actual victims?


So to hear Yvette Cooper speaking today as though this is all a complete surprise for her is complete and utter nonsense. They have been pushed into a corner, and I don't care if it's conservative or labor, they are equally negligent, in my opinion. Yeah, as our chief constables, as our senior social workers, all those who turned away should be in prison. They should not be allowed to just say it's an apology as though they care. They don't care. And that absolutely horrifies me. It sickens me to my stomach. Of course, the reason that this has neglected for so long is because so much of the British population is now imported radical Muslims.


I mean, that just is a reality. It's a reality in France as well. It continues to shape the politics, not only of those countries, but the globe, because that has an impact on global policy. Meanwhile, president Trump continues to say, we are not going to do that here in the United States. He issued a statement with regard to ICE and immigration enforcement. This happened yesterday. Quote, our nation's ice officers have shown incredible strength, determination, and courage as they facilitate a very important mission. The largest mass deportation operation of illegal aliens in history. Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are subjected to violence, harassment, even threats from radical Democrat politicians. But nothing will stop us from executing our mission and fulfilling our mandate to the American people. Ice officers are here with, or by notice of this truth, to do all in their power to achieve the very important goal of delivering the single largest mass deportation program in history.


And then he points out the problem in major American cities, largely blue, and he says, I want our brave ice officials to know that real Americans are cheering you on Every day. The American people want our city schools and communities to be safe and free from illegal alien crime, conflict, and chaos. That's why I've directed my entire administration to put every resource possible behind this effort and reverse the tide of mass destruction, migration that has turned once idyllic towns into scenes of third world dystopia. Our federal government will continue to be focused on the remi of aliens to the places from where they came, preventing the admission of anyone who undermines the domestic tranquility of the United States. Tom Holman, the borders are reiterated this. He said, listen, we are focusing first and foremost on criminals Look like everything else.


P is prioritizing public safety threats and national security threats when it comes to work sites. We prioritize those operations. Too many places. We, we do where we target the work site enforcement operations. It's has to do with forced labor trafficking, sex trafficking, and, and criminal investigations. Where, where, where they're, where they're funding. They're not paying taxes. There's tax evasion or they're, or funding cartel activity. So we prioritize work site investigation too. Okay, well, again, this is the right approach. This is the right approach. So this administration isn't gonna give a green light to everyone who's illegally immigrated to the country, but obviously you are going to have to t tranch your priorities. Not every illegal immigrant is an equivalent priority.


You're gonna have to focus in on the people who are the graver, criminal threats, for example. That is just perfectly obvious. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Karen Bass, the mayor of Los Angeles, continues to pretend nothing is wrong while she literally scrubs graffiti off the streets. Here's what that looked like. I spoke about the president's decision to quote unquote send in the troops to La Mayor Karen Bass in a 1 0 1 interview on Thursday. She was hearing this little PR effort, basically trying to clear, you know, clean some of the graffiti off the Walls. Well, I mean, good job, California. Good job Los Angeles. Meanwhile, Chicago, which does have the worst mayor in the country, mayor Brandon Johnson, he says, no matter what, we will continue to resist. I assume not to the point of actually going to jail, which would be somewhat delicious, but no, he's not gonna do that.


Yeah. Let me just first acknowledge the, the level of anxiety and fear I trepidation that this administration has, has caused you've never seen a society improve or expand under this type of fear. And we're gonna continue to resist, and we're gonna do it in many different ways, whether it's taken to the streets or to the courts or policy. One of the things that I'm very proud of is that we are a welcoming city, which means our local law enforcement do not dub or behave as federal ice agents. Okay? So again, this is what Democrats are. This is what they have become. Now, again, it is amazing how the Democratic Party is falling apart. I think maybe the most hilarious story of the last 48 hours is that two major union leaders just quit the DNC.


The DNC is so completely dysfunctional and unworkable that Randy Weingarten, who's head of the American Federation of Teachers, and Lee Sounders, the president of a large Union of public workers, each quit the DNC. They both announced that they could no longer work with the party's new chairman, Ken Martin. In their resignation messages, they suggested that under Martin's leadership, the D NNC was failing to expand its coalition. They originally had supported Martin's rival in the chairmanship race, a guy named Ben Wickler, the chairman of Wisconsin Democratic Party. But the basic idea here is that the party is too fragmented. It's too fractured, and they can't find a way forward. Well, yeah, because it turns out that just yelling at President Trump ain't gonna do it.


That's not gonna stop them though. Jimmy Kimmel last night, he was out there mocking the military parade. 'cause if there's one thing Americans love, it's when you mock the American military Ahead of the parade. There was rain in the forecast, but nothing was gonna ruin Donald's big day. He wrote a rainy day parade, spelled with an E, brings good luck, which is what they tell the bride to get her to stop crying. Turnout was much lower than expected, or as Trump would say, there were record setting crowds. The bleachers you could see were mostly empty. The crowds were sparse. There was not a whole lot of cheering for the, the tanks and military vehicles. This tank was very squeaky.


This tank, this one could have used some of Diddy's baby oil to get it going. All Squeaky tanks. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Meanwhile, Stephen Colbert was mocking the president of the United States as well. Well, you know, if this is the best They can do, they are in for a, a continued losing streak here. I gotta tell you, I, I am in a great mood tonight because this weekend was Father's Day and daddy got just what he wanted. No one came to Trump's big stupid birthday parade, though, of course, the White House claims that 250,000 people attended. So now apparently a quarter of a million people looks like this.


They must be really good at hide and seek. It was is make amga sounds for Make America Grass again, I guess. Whoa. Okay, so you know what? Sure. That make you feel better about yourself, guys. Yeah. You're still not winning.


Alrighty. As we continue here on The Ben Shapiro Show with our members, I have what I think is one of the dumbest clips I've ever seen, but unfortunately indicative of a broader problem happening in American popular culture. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro, checkout for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


If you went on a road trip and you didn't stop for a Big Mac or drop a crispy fry between the car seats or use your McDonald's bag as a place mat, then that wasn't a road trip. It was just a really long drive at participating McDonald's.