
Well folks, we are officially less than one week away from the biggest election of our lifetime. We're gonna get to all the news and news there is in a moment.


First, you'll reminder Matt Walsh's film. Am I Racist? The comedy that's now the biggest documentary of the decade is streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus Breaking records is our biggest day one release. Ever more on that coming up? First, take a look at the trailer. What do you feel in your body when you hear the term white people Make those? I feel like a cringe about it. Cr, good word. White, straight, cisgender, man. It's the top of the pile. I'm on the top of the pile. It's me. Can I just propose a toast? Raise a glass if you're racist. It's a racist. That was really weird. Don't deny that you're racist. Try not to be racist, but don't, but also don't realize that you're, until we're willing to talk about these things, healing can't really begin. My daughter's four years old, she's still watching Disney movies and choosing a white princess. Have you talked to her about that all the time? Is racism inherent to whiteness? Yes. Yep. Yeah, probably. Well, yeah. Joining us now is Matt certified DEI Expert. Did race exist as a reality before we made race exist? Does that make sense? It does make sense. What do you mean? What you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Am I Racist now? Streaming only on DailyWire plus rated PG 13. The movie's so good. You should really go check it out right now at DailyWire plus plus, there are a bunch of extras that you can get when you become a subscriber. Head on over to DailyWire Plus and subscribe right now.


So let us begin with the state of the race, because last night could have been a big night for Kamala Harris. She was at the ellipse, Washington dc, same place that Donald Trump held his stop the steal rally back on January 6th, 2021. And she was there to show that she had amazing support. She had bust in tens of thousands of supporters. Of course, Washington DC is an area that goes 90% for Kamala Harris. So it'd be kinda a shock if she wasn't able to bring tens of thousands of people to the ellipse. And she gives a speech, which we'll get to in a minute, and Joe Biden just craps all over her campaign in the worst possible way. At the worst possible moment, one might think he didn't want her to be president of the United States. All these things make a difference because this race is unbelievably close. It remains unbelievably close. Anyone who is telling you that they know exactly how this is going to go is lying to you.


Okay? According to the latest real clear politics, polling average, Donald Trump is ahead by 2.4 percentage points in Georgia. He's up one in North Carolina, 0.6 in Pennsylvania. Harris is actually up 0.5 in Michigan. He is up at 0.6 in Wisconsin, and he's up at 2.5 in Arizona. In other words, this one looks like it's going to come down almost certainly to the Blue Wall states yet again. And all of those are within the margin of error. So by the way, is Nevada. So this election is really tight, which means that small moves either way, probably decide the election just as they did in 2016, just as they did in 2020. A, B, C News, however, is reporting that there is in fact a slight Trump edge in the Battleground states according to their latest polling. Here's Rick Klein, Seven states that are almost certainly gonna determine the presidency.


Things close as ever, and we're seeing a very slight Trump edge in several of the battleground states. Kamala Harris's numbers have gone down just a little bit. So it is true that Kamala Harris has dropped in the polls in the battleground states. The the fetch ran out, the brat ran out, the joy ran out, and she has been receding back to the norm. And she, she's going right back to where she was, which is a pretty unpopular vice president. However, CNN Harry Ton, he makes the case that it's possible that all of the polling is now being grouped, which is probably true, right? This is something I've been pointing out for a while here on the program, is that when all the polls say the same thing, typically that means that pollsters are reconstructing their voter screen exactly how they determine who's gonna be a likely voter.


They, they're constructing those so as to achieve a dead even result, so that they're not gonna be called out for getting it wrong. There's safety in the herd. If you are a pollster, Harry Enton makes the case that while historically the poll of underestimated Trump support, it's possible the pollsters have already adjusted for that because they were embarrassed by 2016 and 2020. Here's Enton explaining. I think a lot of folks are sort of counting in that Donald Trump will in fact be underestimated by the polls. But when I'm looking at the evidence, I think you gotta hold on a second. Maybe that'll happen, maybe it'll happen. But I think that there are folks who are under the underestimating the idea that maybe Kamala Harris will be underestimated by the polls at least a week out.


And again, because all these polls are so closed, if the polls are underestimating Harris, she wins. If the polls are underestimating Trump, he wins. So this is a very, very tight race. So Harris decided that it was time for her to make her closing statement last night. So she goes to the ellipse and she's just an underwhelming candidate. She's been underwhelming her entire career. The thing about Kamala Harris is that she always disappoints, she always disappoints her 20 19, 20 20 presidential campaign, started with exactly the same sort of brat energy. Remember she had a big rally in Oakland, California, and she pulled pretty well, and then she had a pretty good first debate with Joe Biden, where she called him a racist, and then she had to walk that back, and then her campaign collapsed. That is the story of Kamala Harris. Anytime she's in a position to succeed, she then fails, and then she fails up because somebody plucks her for the next step up the ladder.


Like Joe Biden plucked her from obscurity and failure to be vice President of the United States, and she was saved from her own failing vice pcie by the fact that the president of the United States basically died on stage with Donald Trump. So last night was her moment. It was gonna be the moment to shine the moment when she demonstrated to the American public why she should be president of the United States. And this has been the case that is not in the offing. I did a debate with Sam Harris over at the Free Press Berry. We moderated it over Trump versus Harrison. It's totally worth the watch. You should go check it out. It worth the listen. You can download Barry's podcast, honestly, in which you can hear us debate this question for about two and a half hours. Well, the, the thing that was kinda amazing about the debate, and of course Sam is a, is a big advocate of Kamala Harris, is that Sam makes a very strong anti-Trump case.


I think I make a very strong pro-Trump case. No one makes a strong pro Kamala Harris case, because that case is not possible to make. She's a candidate without a purpose. There is no reason for her to be in this race other than as a placeholder for the dead man who originally won the nomination. She has no independent understanding of why she should be president. She can't explain why she's different from Joe Biden. Politically speaking, she can't explain any of her policies in detail because she's been handed them five seconds ago and they might switch. There is no affirmative case for Kamala Harris. Again, that doesn't mean that she might not win. She could win because people hate Trump that much, but there is no affirmative case. So last night was her chance to make the affirmative case. And you know what?


Absolutely flat. It's like a bottle of soda that you leave out on the table with the cap off. That is Kamala Harris' campaign. So she starts off doing what you knew she was there to do, really, which is Scaremonger about January 6th. So here she is standing at the ellipse surrounded by some 75,000 people apparently, and talking about how Donald Trump is a terrible, bad, terrible Hitlerian, terrible bad man. January 6th, January 6th. January 6th is bad. We know who Donald Trump is. He is the person who stood at this very spot nearly four years ago and sent an armed mob to the United States Capitol, to overturn the will of the people in a free and fair election.


I would love for somebody to ask her in an interview if she would ever do one between now and the election. If Donald Trump wins, will you certify his win? You and your party have declared him. Hitlerian, will you certify his win? Or will you save democracy by burning down democracy? This seems like a legitimate question to ask somebody like Kamala Harris. My favorite part of that clip is where he got the siren in the background. That, of course, would be the ambulance from the Looney bin getting ready to take Joe Biden away in the background. In any case, she then continues along these lines. She lies about Donald Trump's abortion stance. For example, she has to lie about Trump because that's all she's got. All of the entire Democratic party has is Donald Trump. They love Donald Trump because they believe that they can always beat Donald Trump. And half the time it's been true, but half the time it has not been true.


Here is Kamala Harris lying about Donald Trump on abortion. Trump's not done. He would ban abortion nationwide, restrict access no to birth control and put IVF treatments at risk and force states. That's not true to monitor women's pregnancies. Okay? Again, none of that is true. Literally none of that is true, just making stuff up. But if she can scare monger about Trump, that prevents her from having to talk about, you know, the fact that she has no reason to be in this race at all in the first place. She then suggested of course, that Donald Trump is a fascist who wants to jail his enemies. Unlike Donald Trump, I don't believe people who disagree with me are the enemy.


He wants to put them in jail. And that's a big line. Just people who disagree with her aren't enemies, but he wants to put people in jail, which is amazing because they literally are trying to put him in jail. If Donald Trump is not elected president of the United States, he will be in jail by the middle of next year. It's that simple, and everybody knows it. The DOJ is coming after him. Every place they can come after him under her administration. The amount of gaslighting in this race is truly an astonishing thing. Donald Trump is gonna put his opponents in jail. Did he put Hillary Clinton in jail? He did not. Are you trying to put him in jail? Kamala Harris? The answer of course, is yes. And sometimes Joe Biden will verbal that out in a moment of senility, but it's real.


But apparently Donald Trump is the real threat to the republic. Okay? Then she gets to the actual case for herself. The actual case for herself is as always absolutely underwhelming. Truly underwhelming. So she begins by explaining that she is a wait for it. Wait, wait, wait. A middle class child, wow, unbeliev, no, I, I hate this sort of stuff. I really do. Okay? How you grew up as a child has literally no bearing none on whether you'd make a good president or a bad president, or whether you're gonna be a good person or a bad person. I know many people who grew up poor or wonderful people. I know many people grew up rich who are wonderful people. It turns out that virtue is not relegated to one end of the income spectrum.


I also grew up a middle class child. So the hell, what so did most Americans? And here's Kamala Harris trotting out her greatest credential, which is that her parents were not high income, despite the fact that both of them were professors at Berkeley. I get it. I still remember our mother sitting at that yellow form Micah table, late at night, cup of tea in hand, a pile of bills in front of her, trying to make it all work. And I've heard from so many of you who are facing even greater financial pressures, Wow, so much empathy from this woman who's been given everything that she ever had, truly, I mean, it's, it's an amazing, amazing thing.


What if the answers to life's most profound questions have been hidden in playing sight for thousands of years? In his new series, the Gospels, Jordan Peterson gathers nine brilliant minds from renowned scholars to vocal skeptics in an effort to unlock the mysteries of the Bible that still captivate humanity from ancient wisdom to modern day doubt. Each bring their unique voice to this contentious conversation about faith, truth, and the growing chaos that threatens to tear our world apart. Join them as Peterson guides this unprecedented exploration of history's most influential text. Whether you're wrestling with doubt, searching for meaning, or simply curious about what draws millions to these stories, your perspective matters. Because sometimes the greatest discoveries happen when we dare to question, when we find the courage to voice our deepest doubts, and when we're brave enough to listen to those who see things differently, Then she gets to how she is going to work to basically amnesty every illegal immigrant in the country.


But don't worry, she'll work with Congress to amnesty everybody in the country. We must acknowledge we are a nation of immigrants. And I will work with Congress to pass immigration reform, including an earned path to citizenship for hardworking immigrants like farm workers and our dreamers. But don't worry, she's also really hard on the border. See, this is where Kamala Harris is a mess. If you listen to her about border patrol last night, pretty soon she's gonna be vowing to build a wall. Here we go. And when I am president, we will quickly remove those who arrive here unlawfully, prosecute the cartels, and give border patrol the support they so desperately need.


Wow, she's, you know, she's gonna fix the border. Half her speech last night was about how she's gonna fix problems that she herself created. Actually, Fox News ran a Chiron to that effect saying, Harris, I will fix problems I made. Well, I mean that, that, that's pretty much her campaign here she was, for example, explaining how she's gonna lower costs after being, you know, the other half of the administration that led to the worst cost in inflation in 40 years in the country. Our top priority as a nation four years ago was to end the pandemic and rescue the economy. Now, our biggest challenge is to lower costs, costs that were rising even before the pandemic, and that are still too high.


Well, that, that's weird. So it, apparently the inflation has nothing to do with her and Joe Biden just magically descended upon them and then they fixed it, which is weird 'cause it isn't true at all, at all. So in the end, she says, you will have to make a decision, you the American people, you'll have to make a decision between this empty vessel coat of fresh paint and a beat up old jalopy or Donald Trump. One week from today, you'll have the chance to make a decision that directly impacts your life, the life of your family, and the future of this country. We love, Wow, the sincerity.


What she is, she is truly an astonishingly charismatic person. I'm being unbelievably sarcastic right now. No Kamala Harris rally would be complete without her referring to the Gwen Walls famous line. Turn the page. Here we go, Kamala, turning the page from Kamala Harris to Kamala Harris In seven days, we have the power, each of you has the power to turn the page and start writing the next chapter. In the most extraordinary story ever told, Turn the page from Kamala Harris to Kamala Harris.


That's a hell of a campaign. What was the campaign really about? The, the see me underside of the Democratic Party is of course, the radicalism that they have been fostering and promoting over the course of the last 10 to 15 years. And nowhere was that more evident than in the middle of the speech. A protestor decided to get up and wave a giant Palestinian flag right in front of her face as she spoke. Here's what it looked like As a reporter. Spencer Lindquist pointing this out, and nobody's doing anything right. The entire Kamala Harris crowd is just sitting there and enjoying the spectacle of this, this human waving a giant Palestinian flag in front of Kamala Harris. That, that is the demo there is your Democratic Party. Okay? So that's Kamala's campaign.


But Haunting, the Kamala Harris campaign is a ghost, the ghost of President present. I'm talking of course about Joe Biden. Remember him? He's still at least technically alive, and he is wandering the landscape in search of cameras. And every time he opens his mouth, something bad happens to Kamala Harris. He's haunting her for her great sin and having killed him, it's basically the ghost of Hamlet informing young hamlet that it's time. Young Hamlet in this case would be Trump, presumably to take out Claudius. That the time has come. The time has come. So Joe Biden and the, the, the Kamala Harris campaign doesn't want anything to do with Joe Biden. They're embarrassed by Joe Biden. They don't know why. They still have to pretend that Joe Biden is important, but they do because he has to sit there as the president, because otherwise she'd be responsible for everything.


So Alex Thompson on C Nnn pointed this out yesterday that Harris does not want anything to do with Joe Biden. She doesn't want him near, she doesn't want him far, she doesn't want him alive. She doesn't want him anywhere. Alex, I mean, look, if they did want him to campaign for her, he would be campaigning for her. Yes, the bottom line. And even when he campaigned in Pittsburgh on Saturday, the the campaign sends out a daily email of all the surrogates, includes actors and actresses and, you know, members of the cabinet. They did not mention that Joe Biden was gonna be in Pittsburgh on, on Saturday, even in that email. So They just left the President of the United States off The list. They did, and they could claim oversight. But the, but the fact of the matter is like they, they don't believe that the president is helpful in this final stretch.


And you can see why. You can see why, because every time Joe Biden says something, it's awful. So yesterday before his big boo boo, we'll get his big boo boo in one second and say giant boo boo. It is a boo boo that could blow the heart outta the Kamala Harris campaign. Really? That bad. The October surprise, it turns out, was with us all along. The true, the true joy was the friends we made along the way. Friends like Joe Biden. So you know, Joe Biden, he says dumb crap all the time. Yesterday, for example, he suggested that he wanted to take comedian Tony Hinchcliffe for a swim. I don't know what that means. Is he being romantic or is he being murderous? That's why today I'm proud to announce we're delivering $3 billion in funding from my inflation reduction act to help clean up and modernize portion 27 different states and territory from Pennsylvania, Georgia, Michigan, and beyond, including, yes, Puerto Rico.


Woo. Well I take that guy for a swim out there. Anyway, That's weird. I don't know why you'd wanna swim with him. That's, it's, it's a little bit, a little bit odd, Joe, but why is that important? The reason that's important is because for the last several days since the Madison Square Garden rally on Sunday, the Democrats have been suggesting that Tony Hinchcliffe a comedian unrelated to the Trump campaign, who made a bad joke about Puerto Rico being a floating island of garbage or some such nonsense. He made a joke 'cause that's what he does. He roast comedian. They suggested that that was a stand for the entire Trump campaign. A comedian who is not in fact running for president and has nothing to do with the Trump campaign in any capacity, formal or informal.


He was just there and he spoke and he shouldn't have. And that was it. Well, it seems like if you're gonna do like a three day controversy about how Puerto Rico is an island of garbage, 'cause a comedian said so, and you're gonna attribute that to Trump, who by the way, has already denounced this. I mean, Donald Trump went on Sean Hannity's show and said like, I have nothing to do with that. I know who that guy is, which is almost certainly true. The, the, the very probable reality is that Don Jr. Watches Tony Hinchcliffe and asked him to be there or something. That is the most probable explanation for why Hinchcliffe was even on the stage. In fact, that's been reported. But here's Trump denouncing this. I was told and made aware that you had no idea about this comedian who made comments.


I still Have, I have no idea who he is. Somebody said there was a comedian that joked about Puerto Rico or something and I have no idea who he was. Never saw him, never heard of him, and don't want to hear of him. But I have no idea. They put a comedian in which everybody does. You throw comedians in, you don't vet them and go crazy. It's nobody's fault. But somebody said some bad things. Now what they've done is taken somebody that has nothing to do with the party, has nothing to do with us, said something and they try and make a big deal. But I don't know who it is. I don't even know who put 'em in and I can't imagine it's a big deal. I've done more for Puerto Rico than any president. I think that's ever, that's ever been president.


So Trump Denounces the comedian also that guy's comedian, what if I were to tell you that Joe Biden, the sitting current president of the United States, the head of a party who's routinely called his political opponents enemies that are public, he literally did a speech in front of a blood red independence hall suggesting that ultra super MAGA Republicans are effectively traitors to the country. What have I told you? The president, who's the head of a party who's labeled Donald Trump a Nazi, and his rally on Sunday, a Nazi rally called half of American's garbage. 'cause that's exactly what happened. We'll get to more on this in a second.


But first, as a potential home buyer, you've likely been waiting on the sidelines through some challenging times between the pandemic inflation, limited housing inventory and rising interest rates. The real estate market has been very unpredictable. But here's the good news. Conditions are improving. It's worth considering making a move now before the traditional spring surge brings more competition and potentially higher prices. You might be thinking, Ben, isn't winter a terrible time to buy with the holidays? Actually, winter can be a smart time to enter the market. There are typically fewer bidding wars. That means you may have more negotiating power and better opportunities to find good deals. Here's how you get started. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Churchill Mortgage is the company I trust to help you. I've met with the president of Churchill. They're committed to finding the right loan for your financial situation. They wanna make sure they do right by you. Churchill gives you additional advantages as a buyer, including a $10,000 seller guarantee. Churchill will pay for, they even have programs to help you compete with cash offers with rates trending down. This could be your moment. Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Tell your loan officer I sent you, you'll be in good hands. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer edge and seller guarantee are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only. Not available in all states or locations. N mls, ID 1 5 9 1 mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Joe Biden was doing some sort of zoom interview from his basement and, and he just drops it right out there. He's on Voto Latino and he decides that he's just going to call half of Americans garbage. That's what he says here, folks. Okay? I'm gonna let you listen to it because I'll explain to you how the White House and media are trying to spin this one out. It is honestly, the coverup is as bad as the crime. So what Trump what what, what Biden says here is truly an awful thing to say. It's worse than deplorables. It's worse than bitter clingers. It's worse than any of the other times Democrats have labeled their political opponents. The, the trash heap of humanity. This is, this is like the apotheosis of that. And it is a direct outgrowth of believing that Donald Trump is a Hitler figure. And all of his followers were actually little brown shirts. Okay? If you keep saying that kinda stuff all over and over and over, if you keep saying Trump is a Nazi and that he holds Nazi rallies, it is not a leap from that to his followers are are garbage, which is what Joe Biden says right here.


But the coverup is amazing. So first of we'll play, I want you here for yourself. Here is Joe Biden saying the thing. And this is not a Rorschach test, okay? This is not like a blob on, on a piece of paper. You can hear clearly what he's saying. There's no doubt what he's saying. 'cause it's on tape. Here we go. And just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico, a floating island of garbage. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His his, his demonization scene is unconscionable and it's un-American, Okay? The only garbage I see out there is his supporters inflection down end of sentence. Okay? It's clear what he's saying. He's saying that you, if you support Donald Trump are garbage.


He's that I am garbage. Everyone who does not support Kamala Harris is garbage. His supporters Donald Trump's are garbage. That is the direct quote from Joe Biden because what the quote is, there is no other way to read it. But don't worry, the media are gonna do their work. The media are going to pretend I kid you not, that there is an apostrophe in that sentence. Now, I know you're listening thinking, wait, where's the apostrophe? I don't understand. I I don't get it. Like I I I'm gonna read you the transcript quote just the other day. A speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage. Well, let me tell you something. I don't, I don't know the Puerto Rican and I know the Puerto Rico, where I'm from in my home state of Delaware. There are good, decent, honorable people. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters.


His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable and it's un-American. It's totally contrary to everything we've done. Everything we've seen, okay? There is, that is 100% fidelity transcript directly read by me of what Joe Biden just said. And you heard it yourself. You heard what he said. Here is how the media are attempting to characterize this. Are you ready for this? This is amazing. It's amazing. They're trying to claim that what he actually said, you didn't hear what you heard. What he actually said was the only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters supporter. Singular apostrophe s is his sup. He's trying to say that he's only talking about Tony Hinchcliffe. The only garbage out there is Tony Hinch Cliff's garbage.


His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable and it's un-American. Okay? So that's how they're gonna attempt to reread the transcript. They're just inserting an apostrophe. Now, they didn't reach out to the White House to get comments on whether that's what Joe Biden meant. They just said that that was Jonathan Lewi over at Politico attempting to just rewrite the thing you just heard. Hey, the sentence doesn't even make any sense along those lines. It doesn't make any sense if you read it that way. Say they're good, decent, honorable people. The only garbage eyes he floating out there is his supporter. Apostrophe is his supporters. His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable and it's un-American. I mean that, that he wasn't even talking about like that, that doesn't make any sense either.


He's an incoherent, see now old man and he can't finish proper sentences, or he meant precisely what he said, which is Donald Trump's supporters plural, our garbage. There's only one way that that sentence makes any sense, and that is without the apostrophe. So they're attempting to now use phantom apostrophes to save Joe Biden from himself. So Joe Biden immediately picks up on this and he tweets up earlier today, are referred to the hateful rhetoric about Puerto Rico spewed by Trump's supporter at his Madison Square Garden rally as garbage, which is the only word I can think of to describe it. His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable. That's all I meant to say. The comments at that rally don't reflect who we are as a nation. That is not true. That is not what he said.


I'm sorry that tape exists to Joe Biden. I'm sorry that that is that, that that is what, okay, so, so they're just rewriting in real time, clearly rewriting in real time. What is happening right there. I don't believe him, you know, who else doesn't believe him? Josh Shapiro, the governor of of, of Pennsylvania, who's overlooked as Kamala Harris's vice presidential pick. 'cause he's a Jew. Here. Was Josh Shapiro yesterday saying, I don't believe that. That's what like, that meant. What? No, Governor, first off, just, what's your response to that comment from, from President Biden where it sounds like he's calling Trump supporters their garbage? Yeah. Look, I I had not heard that until now, Kaitlyn.


So I'm kind of giving you my fresh reaction to it. I would never insult the good people of Pennsylvania or, or any Americans, even if they chose to support a candidate that I didn't support. So Kamala Harris is for sure not gonna say that. Josh Shapiro is a clever politician. He's is skilled, he's able, and he's in a purple state. Kamala Harris is not going to announce Joe Biden. She won't because she's afraid of Joe Biden and she's afraid of the base of the Democratic Party who actually do believe that Trump supporters are garbage again, you can't argue for years on Infor going on 10 years that Donald Trump is Hitler. That everyone goes to a Donald Trump rally is a redheaded Nazi, but that his supporters are kind, generous, good people.


That is not an argument you can make. This is the feature, not the bug. This is part and parcel of the entire democratic agenda. People who support Donald Trump, according to Joe Biden and most of the itd of the Democratic Party, they themselves are garbage. That's what he's saying. I'll play the clip again. Okay? See if you can spot the apostrophe in this clip. I want you seriously. I think it's important because the media are lying to you the same way they lied for three years about this guy's health and then told the truth for two weeks just to get him outta the race and then started lying again. They're lying to you right now. And they tell you there's an apostrophe in the sentence. I'm gonna play the clip and I play the clip. You decide whether there's an apostrophe in the sentence and he's talking about singular Tony Hinchcliffe with an apostrophe.


And just the other day a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico, a floating island of garbage. The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters. His his, his demonization scene is unconscionable and it's un-American. Why would he even say his supporters? Why wouldn't he just say Tony Hinchcliffe or the comedians or this guy? It's clear what he's saying. It's perfectly obvious what he's saying. But Politico trying to spin their way out of it. It's an amazing lie that they're trying to spin their way out. Again, I'm gonna use this from now on. Like seriously, this is gentlemen all over the landscape. Apparently this is get outta the Jail free card. So if you ever make the mistake of saying the only thing that's sexy is my wife's friends, she hangs around sexy people.


You're not saying that your wife's friends are sexy. Well, you're actually saying is the only things that's sexy is my wife's friend, apostrophe s She hangs around sexy people, which really means that you're saying your wife is sexy because your wife's friend hangs around with sexy people, namely your wife. Get it. Just add that apostrophe in there and boom, get outta jail. Free card. Gentlemen, who believes this crap? Seriously? What? What stupidity. What? Absolute trash. And they think you're a moron. They truly think you're stupid. They really do. Listen, you left him in place. You could have 25th Amendment. Did this guy. If you think you see Anile and he's out of it, you could have gotten rid of him. You won't. Why won't you? Because if you got rid of Joe Biden, Kamala Harris would become president.


And if she became president, she'd own every single little bit of it. You were too clever by half you ousted Joe Biden as the candidate. You got rid of him. 'cause he felt he was senile and adult and incapable of beating Donald Trump. But you left him as president to haunt you, to haunt you, to pop out of closets and say, okay, we'll see how this goes for your campaign. I do not think the answer is, well, here's some footage. Last night, Marco Rubio was, was at a rally with Donald Trump in Pennsylvania. Trump was on stage and Rubio came charging up the stage to inform Donald Trump. Donald Trump was a magnanimous man about all of this. Good, good man. This one.


Alright, well I wasn't gonna say anything, but I have breaking news for you, Mr. President, you may not have heard this just moments ago. Joe Biden stated that our supporters are garbage, are garbage. He's talking about the border patrol, he's talking about nurses, he's talking about teachers. He's talking about everyday Americans who love their country and wanna dream big again and support you, Mr. President. And I hope their campaign is about to apologize for what Joe Biden just said. We are not garbage. We are Patriots who love America and thank you for running. Mr. President Trump then got up there and he said, you have to forgive him.


He's senile. By the way, even folks over at C nm, people like Chris Choa, he's like the latest attempt to transcribe this by the White House as supporter apostrophe s as opposed to supporters, which he clearly says is laughable. Yes, yes it is. Yes it is. So who are you gonna believe? Your ears or the White House transcript? And Joe Biden's Appic in the media. So Tim Walls, the vice presidential candidate for Kamala Harris, the inflatable of the used car lot, the assistant high school football coach who doesn't know how football works, that guy, he was asked by CBS news about Joe Biden's bizarre and ugly comment. And here's what he had to say. I wanna put it into a larger context of your recent comment comparing the Sunday Trump rally to a Nazi rally.


And I would also throw in there Obama's bitter clingers guns and religion comment from a while back, the deplorable line from Hillary Clinton's campaign and the way that Democrats are seen by some voters as disrespecting them. And I have to ask, does that undercut this closing message of unity from your campaign? No, certainly not. Of course, of course. No, it wasn't. It wasn't un dis unifying at all. You know Kamala Harris, she really respects the American people. She respects all the people who vote for Trump. She just thinks that he's a Nazi and that he does Nazi rallies and she holds literal press conferences outside of vice presidential residents to basically suggest that Donald Trump is a devotee of Hitler. But all the people who support him, they're good-hearted, wonderful people.


I don't believe that's what you think about your fellow Americans. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. I really, really don't. In just one second, we get to Donald Trump's closing argument, which actually is pretty solid. It's, Hey, I was the president and it was good.


It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect their gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil, and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one, but there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today@silencershop.com slash shapiro. Silencer shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor.


Also, with the election just six days away, we're giving you the most reliable fact filled coverage of every move each candidate makes. And of course, full election night coverage happens right here on DailyWire Plus. But if you need a 90 minute break from the race to the White House, we've got the perfect escape. Am I Racist? The comedy that's now the biggest documentary of the decade is streaming exclusively at DailyWire Plus think you saw all of, Am I Racist in theaters? Think again. DailyWire plus members get exclusive access to never before seen footage, a special deleted scene and a behind the scenes look at how Matt Walsh pulled off the ultimate troll against the left with nothing but a man bun. So kickback, watch from the comfort of your couch or wherever you want with your DailyWire Plus membership.


Now folks, this is a big problem for the Kamala Harris campaign because her closing candidacy is all about unity. We're all gonna get together and turn the page in the word of one walls. And well that that's what it's all about. It's about unity. It's about unity. And the media are trying their awful hardest to make it seem as though Donald Trump is the divisive candidate in the race. So for example, you have a piece at the Washington Post today titled, in a Race they cast as Good versus Evil. Christian hardliners are fired up for Trump. Christian nationalist tours, time to the election showcase the power and ambition of a movement aimed at erasing the separation between church and state. You scared yet you scared? You should be super scared. Be scared of the Jesus freaks. Be scared. Be so scared you. You mean.


There are Christians who are invested in an election where one of the candidates has said that she will force Christians to perform abortions. She literally said there should be zero exceptions to abortion law. And if you're a Christian, there should be no religious exemption for you. If you're a Christian hospital, you mean that. Christians might be concerned about Kamala Harris who says that boys are girls and girls are boys. They might be afraid of a federal cram down along those lines that destroys religious aid schools, for example. Those are, those are Christian nationalists. You bigot you, you terrible bigot you people believe in the Bible and Jesus and such how you know you're ruining unity. You are ruining. Unity. Says the New York Times Part Revival part rally, the Louisiana Stop of the Rescue America tour reflected the mood inside a powerful MAGA voting block and the countdown to election day.


The organizers superstars and an ascendant Christian nationalist movement assured the crowd they could take back the nation from enemies within weeks if only faithful Republicans did their duty and voted for Donald Trump. There are hard right Christian road shows now barnstorming the country with a focus on swing stake in a razor close election. Extremism an analysts woo-hoo. Wow. Extremism analysts. Woo. They have their their fancy analyst hat on. Woohoo. Say the tours serve as both a get out to vote juggernaut and a powerflex for a Christian supremacist movement that aims to transform the church the same way Maga did the GOP by forcing out the moderates by moderates. By the way, the New York Times means people who think that transgenderism is written about positively in the Bible and the Bible is pro game marriage or something. And that abortion is, is definitely mandated by God.


Those would be the Christian moderates. The New York Times is picking up. But don't worry, those aren't the only divisive people. There are other divisive people. Donald Trump is really divisive because you know what he's doing. He's pointing out that Latino Americans and black Americans, if you are going to label them as groups, might have divergent interests sometimes. No, no, that's, that's, that's unifying. That's not unifying. See, real unity is when you say people of color versus white people. That's unity according to the Democratic Party and the New York Times. What's not unity is where you say not every Latino thinks the same way. Not every black person thinks the same way. And in fact, even if you're gonna group people by race, maybe races don't always have the same interests at heart just because they're not white. That is super divisive.


How dare you. Headline at the New York Times, how Trump exploits divisions among black and Latino voters. Quote for months, the Trump campaign and its allies have effectively exploited visions and bigotry within minority communities, pitting them against immigrants and each other. Mr. Trump's social media posts warns black and Latino voters that immigrants are coming for their jobs. Wait, if he's warning Latino voters that immigrants are coming for their jobs, how's that racially divisive? Because presumably he's talking about mostly Latino immigrants. In many ways, these appeals to black and Latino voters are not markedly different from those aimed at white voters. Well yes, that's true because he tries to appeal to people as individuals with individual minds and judgments.


But that is racist and divisive. According to the New York Times, again, the attempt to turn Kamala Harris's campaign into a unity campaign is a giant fail. And Joe Biden's garbage speech basically just underscores that we've known this for a while. The divisive party in the United States of America is the Democratic Party. This goes all the way back to 2012 when Barack Obama flipped from a unifying candidate of 2008 to a racially divisive candidate of 2012. The Democrats have been playing this game ever since. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is making his closing argument. You know what his closing argument is? It's a really simple one. It's a really easy one for people to understand. His closing argument is put aside all this stuff that I say. Put all the, put the tweets aside. You know, here's the thing, you saw me be president already and it was pretty good.


That's the whole argument. That's it done. That's the argument. You saw Kamala Harris be vice president and it sucked. And you saw me be president and it was pretty good. Easy, easy argument. So for you swing voters out there, for people who are listening to the sound of my voice, God bless you for the swing voters out there who are listening to this and you've already decided that you're not sure whether to vote for Trump or or whether to vote for Harris. That means that you don't think that Trump's behavior is the dispositive factor in the election. So I appeal to your reason now, were you better off in 2019 or are you better off in 2024? Were you better off when the world was quiescent, when the Middle East was burgeoning with peace when the economy was booming and there was not 40 year high in inflation when the border was effectively closed?


Were you better off then? Or are you better off in 2024 after four years of massive inflation, that has increased prices across the board by perhaps 20%. And in grocery stores by more than that, after the Kamala Harris, Joe Biden administration has increased the national debt by eight to $10 trillion, spent more money than any administration in history. Are you better off after they set the Middle East on fire? Massive war between Israel and every Iranian proxy in the region. Massive war in Ukraine, a threatening China on the world scene, threatening shipping lanes, threatening Taiwan. Are you better off today with this administration? That's the simple question.


That is the simple question. There was Donald Trump making that closing argument yesterday. And this is an election that's really a choice between whether or not we'll have four more years of total failure. This has been the worst four years I've ever seen gross incompetence, but total failure disaster under Kamala Harris. Nobody knows. She, you know, if you, I say all the time, if you say Harris, nobody knows who the heck we're talking about, right? Harris? And this is what we have. Or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. He is, he's right. This is, this is a closing argument. It's a very, very simple closing argument. And here's the thing, it's a successful closing argument.


'cause people don't like what they've seen. You just can't bank against the American people not liking what they've seen. That's all. And when people do the scaremongering about Donald Trump's gonna be Hitler, he was president already. He was president. I'm sorry, that argument may have applied in 20 15, 20 16. If you were gonna make that argument, you had to make that argument in 20 15, 20 16. Hell, JD Vance made that argument in 2016. He's now the vice presidential candidate under Donald Trump. What changed? Trump was already president. That's the answer to the question. And so the desperation has begun to set in with Team Kamala. So first of all, the biggest problem with Kamala Harris is that Kamala Harris is an awful candidate. She's really bad. She can't actually do the basic things expected of a candidate. So Joe Rogan invited her on the podcast. That's a big win for her, right? And Donald Trump just did the podcast, went really well for him.


Joe Rogan is a tremendous interviewer. I've been on a show a couple of times and Joe is very nice to his guests. He'll push them when he feels like they need to be pushed. But he certainly gives them room to talk. He would not be out there to crucify Kamala Harris or anything like that. Kamala Harris got back to him and said, I will not travel to you. You will travel to me and our interview will not be three hours, it'll be one hour. And Joe Rogan said, you don't set the conditions for this interview. I am the interviewer. I invite you. And then you come to me. And by the way, one hour with Joe Rogan is called the introduction. Now I did like two and a half hours each time with Joe and we were just getting started. I had to break 'cause I had to leave. Okay, now we could have gone for another four hours probably each time Joe's podcast is riveting, specifically because of this.


So Kamala Harris fails that test. And again, she continued to just be terrible at this. No matter how many times she says she grew up in a middle class family, let's say waves of empathy. Do not roll off this human I here she was doing this routine again, how many times can you say you grew up in a middle class family? No one gives up flying. Here we go, her and her middle class family. Again, What's your message to Michigan voters in terms of the economy? We have auto workers who are being laid off and those who fear that they might be laid off, the average person can't afford groceries or their rent. And recent polls in Michigan show that Michigan voters believed that Donald Trump would do a better job with handling the economy and bringing jobs back.


What do you say to that? Well, let's start with this. I come from the middle class, and I'll never forget where I come from. My mother worked very hard. She, by the time I was a teenager, was able to save up for our first home. I mean, am I supposed to take this person seriously? You know, she, she, she's asked about people not being able to afford their rent. And her first answer is once again, that she's a middle class. She grew up middle class like, oh my God. Oh, she's so awful. She's so awful. That's why she's losing right now. Okay then, then she has to insist that black men are not against her, but she, she starts dropping into the parlance. So here we go. We talk a lot up here about the black men conversation and the fact that people, you know, they keep trying to push this whole black men are not supporting Kamala Harris.


That's a lot. And, and my question to you is, is you know, the fact that, you know, even if it's a lie, people are still saying it. What is your strong push to any black man right now that feels like you're not speaking directly to them and about the things that they should care about for their families and for themselves? Well, Lauren, I have to tell you back to, to what Charlamagne is, is shouting in the background. The brothers aren't saying that. I, I mean, I was just at the barbershop in, in Philly talking with very incredible and distinguished men who are leaders in their community and small business and education. And these men, these black men were talking about not only their support for me, but most importantly their support from my perspective on what we can do that lifts up the community and taps into the ambitions and the aspirations, Ambition, aspirations, eh, the brothers.


I mean, look, I, I love when she just drops into the lingo, the brothers, how often do you think she uses that in her daily life? Truly, she's awful at this. She really, really is. And so she's been relegated to going on Charlemagne the God, to explain how often she thinks about how much he hates Donald Trump here. Was Charlemagne asking Kamala Harris about this? How often do you say to yourself, man, Donald Trump, just in Yeah, just A little yg. If it's on the playlist, it's cool. You know, lemme tell you actually, the, the, my focus and honestly more is on, I just love, I love the American people.


Mm. Yeah. That, that is her focus is on the American people. And if you believe that I have a bridge in Brooklyn that is for a sale, I think my favorite thing about Harris is where she runs streaming from her own positions. So yesterday, you know, there's been some, some data that suggests that one of the big problems that Republicans have in this election is they mention things Democrats wanna do and people don't believe them really. So Republicans will say things like, you know that one time Kamala Harris actually said that she wanted taxpayer funded sex change surgeries for prisoners, which she did when she was the attorney general of the state of California. And people would be like, no, she didn't. And be like, no, no, she really, actually she did. I'm like, no, she didn't. No, she actually actually did. Here she was denying the thing that she totally was for In the ads, he's saying that, you know, Kamala Harris wants to spend taxpayers money for sex changes in jails.


He spent millions and millions of dollars on. And like Charlemagne said, having him and myself in that, how do you answer that for people that don't know? And what, what is the real news when it comes to that? Well, first of all, to your point, he has spent tens of millions of dollars trying to hit me with a bunch of disinformation and misinformation on this. And he's living in a glass house because the policies he's speaking about in terms of those surgeries were also his policies. No, you advocated for taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners. That's a thing that you advocated, lady. The Democratic party is so off the rails that people don't even understand how off the rails they are. And it's actually an asset for them.


You'll be like, Hey, did you know that Democrats support abortion all the way through point of birth? And and they'll be like, no, no, that that can't be true. That can't. It's true. I'm sorry. It's true. It's not my fault. I didn't make up that terrible, terrible position. But I, I suppose that if you are Kamala Harris, your best hope at this point is just to lie about it going forward. Meanwhile, the desperation has full on set in inside the Democratic party. Of course, it is amazing. Barack Obama is out on the campaign trail trying to raise up the standard again. He's, you know, here Barack Obama, last popular Democratic politician we've had in this country, non-transferrable popularity. He's out there and he is saying, you know what, you know what that rally the other night, it was bad. It was super bad, super terrible bad, super terrible, no good, very bad ban.


Here we go, bro. Obama, Most of all, Donald Trump wants us to think that this country is hopelessly divided between us and them, between the quote, real Americans who support him, of course, and the outsiders who don't. The enemies within Donald Trump understands, and he is not wrong about this, that that dividing people, making them angry, will boost his chances of being elected. It's not good for the country, but it might improve his eyes.


What an insufferable Jack this man is. He, he truly is the, he, he of Barack Obama divided Americans from each other better than any president in my lifetime. You can look at it in the polling. It is perfectly obvious. Up until 20 12, 20 13, race, race relations in this country were quite good. And then Barack Obama deliberately decided to destroy them so that he could succeed politically, it is available in the polling. Black opinions on the racial relations in the country plummeted in his second term. Same thing for whites. It's never recovered. That was him. And then he talks about division and that that's the shtick. The shtick is just to lie to you. It's just to lie to you.


Well, some people are in a full state of meltdown and panic. Representative Debbie Dingle is afraid, apparently, that if Donald Trump is elected, she'll end up a prisoner. No one even knows who you are. Lady like why, who wants to take prisoner of what? Really? Okay. He wants to start internment camps. And that's what we are busy talking to every voter. He's telling you what he's gonna do. Believe him. Internment camps. Yes, he has talked to internment camps. You know what, Jake, you may have to visit me on one. I get worried enough when he talks about what he's gonna do to his political enemies needs. Man, even Jake Tapper is like, what? The what? What the what?


When, when you and Jake is like, lady, really? You are gonna go to an, Debbie Dingle is gonna be an internment camp thanks to Trump. Nobody believes this nonsense. No one believes it. I am enjoying the spectacle of Stephen Colbert just melting down. So Stephen Colbert went after Jeff Bezos, who is the owner of Amazon, and also of course the owner of the Washington Post. Because the Washington Post has refused to endorse Kamala Harris or Donald Trump. So Stephen Colbert, a man who is, shall we say, rather low tea, says that Jeff Bezos has no balls for not endorsing Kamala Harris. 'cause that's what would've taken balls is to endorse Kamala Harris as the Washington Post. Yeah, that would've that been a ballsy move there. Here's Stephen Colbert, non comedian, And now a message from the Washington Post editorial staff.


We here at the Washington Post have received a strict mandate not to endorse either Donald Trump or Kamala Harris for President. We believe that you, the reader, can decide for yourself who is the better candidate. This decision makes our paper stronger, smarter, and one that all undecided voters will be able to read. We believe that attempting to persuade you during a free election is immoral, dishonest, and stupid. Tiny p our owner, Jeff Hazers, is simply taking us back to our roots of hard hitting news and comic strips like Hagar, the horrible Tracy and Marmaduke, the neutered Great Dane, who has no balls.


His Oh, so clever. So clever. Is it because he, you see, he has, he has no balls. You see, because, because he, he didn't do the things Stephen Colbert wants him to do. Look, you know, guys have at it, honestly, tear each other apart. Enjoy yourselves, really have a party because the Trump train, it is moving forward. And right now there ain't no stopping it. We'll see how it goes on Tuesday. Artie folks coming up. We have to get to some governance issues in Chicago. Or apparently if a radical illegal immigrant Muslim shoots a Jew, it's not a hate crime. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.