
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the Sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things, Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank


Well folks, the contrast between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party has never been starker in terms of the consolidation of the parties, the unity of the parties going forward than it is on Friday. Because here's the reality, the Republican party is unified behind President Trump in unique, in extraordinary ways. And the Democratic Party might not have a candidate for the presidency come Sunday. That is the huge news over the weekend. Joe Biden may very well drop out this weekend. We're gonna get to all of this. First one thing is clear. In the 2024 election, the fight for America's core values is now more important than ever.


The Daily Wire, as you know, is on the front lines of the fight. We can't win without you. Join us right now while we're offering 47% off annual memberships. Go to Daily Wire dot com, use promo code, fight at checkout.


Alright, so we'll begin with the triumphant presentation of Donald Trump as his party's nominee for the third consecutive time, which is an extraordinary feat. It really is. I mean, just on a pure political level, the fact that Donald Trump won in 2016 was astonishing. The fact that he was then the nominee the next time around is natural. The fact that after losing in 2020, he's back in 2024. And the front runner not only for the nomination, now he's the nominee, but also for the presidency itself is in its astonishing political feat. It truly is. And the RNC has been about building out the Trump coalition. It's been about providing permission structures for people who historically have not voted Republican and who would not be spotted dead in a red hat to actually vote Republican and wear the red Hat.


It is an amazing thing. I mean truly and and you can feel it. You can feel there is a vibe shift in the United States. Tons of people who never would have in a million years said that they're even thinking about voting for Donald Trump are now coming out and saying that they are voting for Donald Trump and supporting Donald Trump. Just take for example, the tech bros in San Francisco. There are a ton of tech bros in San Francisco who sa to voce are very anti the Democrats because they don't like the wokeness, they don't like the regulation. They think that their economic interests are undermined by Democrats, which they are. And they believe that the meritocracy, which they rely upon is being destroyed from the inside by the Democratic party. But for years they would never out loud say something like, and that's why I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump. And now you're starting to see a lot of them say, and that's why I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump. You're starting to see this from people pretty much everywhere across the country.


Like the dam has now broken. There was such an intimidation about voting for Trump. We're saying you supported Trump for years and years in social settings, particularly, again, a lot of our audiences in red states, in red areas. But if you are in a red state, in a blue area, or in a blue state or in a purple state, there is this social Appium visited upon you if you said that you would even consider voting for Donald Trump. And that seems to be gone at this point. And that is a testament to both the Democrats incompetence in office. And it's a testament to Donald Trump's campaign thus far, which has been markedly more disciplined than it has ever been. Trump again, in the last four weeks basically disappeared from the public scene.


And as a consequence, I will say he has had the best four week period of any presidential candidate I've ever seen. He had his debate with Biden and then he had the brains to stay out of the spotlight while Biden took all incoming, because Biden's performance was so incredibly terrible. He's did a few rallies here and there, but he mainly let the media focus in on his opponent. And now his opponent is so much on the ropes that he may be gone by this weekend. And of course there was the assassination attempt against President Trump, in which he did display remarkable physical bravery getting up while the shooter was presumably still out there. He didn't know the shooter was dead, already getting up and waving his fist and shouting fight was an amazing scene. So amazing by the way that the media are now attempting to blot out the spectacular photo of Donald Trump blood on his face holding up his fist beneath an American flag because they think that it helps Trump too much.


So the Republican National Convention has been a unity convention and it's featured a wide variety of people from left to right, as I mentioned on the show a little bit earlier this week, you know, for, for people who historically have looked at the Republican National Convention as sort of an exposition of conservative values, it's a little disquieting because there's almost nothing that Republicans agree on other than maybe immigration on foreign policy, wide variety of opinions on economics, wide variety of opinions on social policy, wide variety of opinions. So what brings all these people together? Two things. One, an absolute discontent with the left wing. A belief that the left wing is a threat to the country. And two, Donald Trump, who provides in his sort of singular figure, the ability to unite all of these factions.


And of course it's had a little bit of razzle dazzle. So the rn, he's final night concluded with Hulk Hogan making a surprise appearance at the RNC. And here was Hulk Hogan introducing Donald Trump. But what happened last week when they took a shot at my hero and they tried to kill the next president of the United States, enough was enough. And I said, let Trumpia run Wild brother. Let Trumpia rule again.


Let Trump mania make America great again. Okay, so listen, that's great showmanship. I mean it's, it's hilarious and honestly like it's a little silly, but it's also just kind of amazing. A lot of people were making the Idiocracy reference yesterday. 'cause I mean, it looks like something outta Idiocracy, but here's how I view it, here's how I view it. America is so powerful and so strong, like we're such an amazing country that we can have two presidential nominees who are nearly 80 debate about golf for like fully 90 minute debate about golf. And then we can have one of the presidential nominees be introduced by a wrestler who rips off his shirt and then speak for 93 minutes and he's the front runner.


And let me explain something to you, we don't even care. We don't even care the rest of the world. That's right because we're America. We're America. Okay. So that was the, the humorous moment of the evening. But of course the entire evening was not built around Hulk Hogan, though. That was obviously the, the highlight for, for people like me. I mean, again, like very, very fun.


Well you heard Hulk Hogan. I have a question for you. What are you gonna do when the cell phone companies decide to take it out on you? This is why you need Pure Talk. Pure Talk is half the cost of other big phone providers. You might be thinking, what's the catch? There's no way Pure Talk can offer unlimited talk text. Plenty of data for just 20 bucks a month. And I'm telling you, just ask the thousands of my other listeners have already switched. They're loving America's most dependable 5G network. They love Pure Talks, US based customer service, their selection of premium phones and the money they're saving month to month. So what are you waiting for? It's time to start supporting companies who share your values, like creating American jobs and supporting our veterans. It's time to switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk Plus with no contract and a 30 day money back guarantee. You've got nothing to lose. Visit Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro to upgrade your cell phone service to America's Most Dependable 5G network. Save an extra 50% off your very first month of coverage. Again, that's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today, I've been using Pure Talk for years at this point. Their coverage is excellent no matter where I am. They're incredibly dependable and again, I'm saving tons of money. So head on over to Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro, change your cell phone service over to America's Most Dependable 5G network. Save that additional 50% off your very first month. That's Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro today. Pure Talk dot com slash shapiro To get started.


The, the highlight of course was Donald Trump's appearance. So this is his first major Republic address, obviously after being nearly shot. And when he came out, I mean it was a moment, it was a moment. Again, Donald Trump, there's one thing Donald Trump knows more than anything else, and that is how to put on a show. He's been doing it for his entire career. So here is Donald Trump walking out on stage. And again, this is what you, this is what political momentum and political unity looks like. Minnesota to the Hill, to Tennessee, across the plains of Texas. See Shine Sea Detroit to Houston, New York to American Heart.


and it, So for those who can't see him out in front of a giant screen, it says Trump in the background. He walks out, he's got the bandage on his ear, obviously, and it's a real moment. It's a real moment. So then he gets to his address and the address accomplishes some things and it fails at others. To be perfectly objective about this, the first 15 to 20 minutes is some of the best Trump you'll ever see the first 15 or 20 minutes. And we're gonna play nearly all of it because it really was an incredible, incredible display. Is Trump for the first time talking openly about nearly being murdered live on national television when he was shot in the ear in the assassination attempt last Saturday.


and it was amazing. I mean, it was Trump's subdued, it was all the things that you would want from Trump in this speech. Again, the, the kind of lead up to this was, this was a unity convention, not just for Republicans, but for the American people more broadly, that it was gonna be a moment where Trump said, listen, we all have to come together for all of America because we're all brothers and sisters and we all have to come together. And he had the impetus to do that. Now, I had suggested earlier in the week that the best thing that Trump could do is that, that he could come out and he could say, listen, being nearly shot in the head changes a man. and it makes you think about the important things in life. It makes you think about the fact that we're all Americans and as much as we may disagree on politics, at the end of the day, we're brothers and we're sisters and we all have to be together. And for the first 20 minutes, that's what it was.


Unfortunately, the speech was 93 minutes. It's the longest single Republican acceptance speech in history, the longest single Democratic acceptance speech in history. He went off teleprompter an awful lot. So the first 20 minutes again, he great. And then it turned into sort of Donald Trump's campaign presentations. If you've ever been to a Trump campaign event, he gets up there and he basically does a comedy routine and he rambles and he moves around and, and, and that's what it turned into for the last 73 minutes. And so you could see in real time sort of the reaction, even in the room. Listen, everybody loves him in the room. Everyone wants to be president in the room, but 93 minutes is a long time. You can, Stanley Kubrick's paths of glory is shorter than 93 minutes. Now you can watch a solid movie in 93 minutes with like act one, two, and three.


And because it was so long, it started to lose momentum. Now again, maybe that doesn't matter very much because the purpose of the speech is just to unify the party. And if that's the case, then the speeches irrelevant. and it really doesn't matter what he said. What I, what I do believe is that it was a missed opportunity from the perspective of what it could have accomplished, which was to, I think put the race basically out of reach for the Democrats. I think if he had come out and the speech had been the first 20 minutes and a five minute capper, I think this race is over. and it wasn't, not because of anything nefarious or anything terrible, but because President Trump, when he gets in front of a crowd, speaks to the crowd and then he starts responding to the crowd and, and he really likes talking with his constituents. He really likes talking with his fans.


Okay? But we need to begin with the part that was most effective. So he started off with exactly this unity message. We were told before the speech, by the way, he was not gonna mention President Biden at all. And in the teleprompter he didn't. And then he got off the teleprompter. And again, just as a matter of optics, as a matter of President Trump at his best, every great moment he had during his presidency, sort of these giant unity moments was a state of the union where he stayed on the teleprompter teleprompter. Trump is much more effective in these scenarios than off teleprompter Trump. So the beginning, he was on the teleprompter and then he was off teleprompter talking about his personal experience. And again, that part was just phenomenal, just great. For the first 20, 25 minutes, there was fairly universal agreement right, left and center that what Trump was doing was something unprecedented and kind of magnificent.


So here was the beginning of a speech. The discord and division in our society must be healed. We must heal it quickly. As Americans, we are bound together by a single fate and a shared destiny. We rise together or we fall apart. I am running to be president for all of America, not half of America, because there is no victory in winning for half of America. And that's a great message. It's a great message.


Well, there are a lot of things that Americans should be unified over and one of them is opposition to terrorism. The latest from Israel is really, really bad. There is an actual drone attack in Tel Aviv that was launched from Yemen from the Houthis that of course is a terrorist group that Joe Biden took off the terror watch list. So again, things are still really bad over in the holy land. We're quickly approaching the one year anniversary of the horrific attacks on Israel. The holy land continues to be targeted on multiple fronts. Deadly threats are increasing in Northern Israel. Hezbollah causing widespread damage with raging wildfires, destroying precious farmland, blowing up homes, killing people, anti-Semitic, anti-Israel incidents and attacks are continuing worldwide. Well, since the war started, the international Fellowship of Christians and Jews has been on the forefront in Israel addressing the needs of the most vulnerable. That's why I'm partnering with IFCJ today. Your life savings donation will help provide emergency food as well as critical security needs like flak jackets, firefighting equipment, armored vehicles, bomb shelters, and more. Thanks to a generous IFCJ supporter. Your gift will be matched doubling your impact in the holy land. To give to IFCJ, visit Bend for the fellowship.org. That's one word bend for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


And then he gets into, you know, kind of the experience of nearly being assassinated. And this is just, I mean, it's high drama, it's high drama. It's the first time he's spoken about it publicly. He's got the bandage on his ear. So here he was beginning to speak about it. As you already know, the assassin's bullet came within a quarter of an inch of taking my life. So many people have asked me what happened, tell us what happened, please. And therefore I will tell you exactly what happened and you'll never hear it from me a second time because it's actually too painful to tell. Again, I'm, I'm not sure I've ever heard a better opening of a presidential speech than that.


Okay. And then Trump told the story and I'm just gonna let this play in its entirety basically because I think it was really effective. And frankly I think it's fascinating to anybody who follows politics or doesn't follow politics. Like what's the experience like of nearly being shot in the head? And here's President Trump beginning to tell the story. It was a warm, beautiful day in the early evening in Butler Township in the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Music was loudly playing and the campaign was doing really well. I went to the stage and the crowd was cheering wildly.


Everybody was happy. I began speaking very strongly, powerfully, and happily because I was discussing the great job my administration did on immigration at the southern border. We were very proud of it Behind me and to the right was a large screen that was displaying a chart of border crossings under my leadership. The numbers were absolutely amazing.


In order to see the chart, I started to like this turn to my right and was ready to begin a little bit further turn, which I'm very lucky I didn't do. When I heard a loud whizzing sound and felt something hit me really, really hard on my right ear, I said to myself, wow, what was that? It can only be a bullet. And moved my right hand to my ear, brought it down, my hand was covered with blood, just absolutely blood all over the place.


I immediately knew it was very serious that we were under attack and in one movement proceeded to drop to the ground. Bullets were continuing to fly as very brave. Secret service agents rushed to the stage and they really did. They rushed to the stage. These are great people at great risk. I will tell you and pounced on top of me so that I would be protected.


There was blood pouring everywhere and yet in a certain way I felt very safe because I had God on my side. I felt that The amazing thing is that prior to the shot, if I had not moved my head at that very last instant, the assassin's bullet would have perfectly hit its mark. And I would not be here tonight.


We would not be together. The most incredible aspect of what took place on that terrible evening in the fading sun was actually seen later in almost all cases, as you probably know. And when even a single bullet is fired, just a single bullet. And we had many bullets that were being fired, crowds run for the exits or stampede, but not in this case. It was very unusual. This massive crowd of tens of thousands of people stood by and didn't move an inch.


In fact, many of them bravely, but automatically stood up looking for where the sniper would be. They knew immediately it was a sniper and then began pointing at him. You can see that if you look at the group behind me, that was just a small group compared to what was in front. Nobody ran. And by not stampeding, many lives were saved. But that isn't the reason that they didn't move. The reason is that they knew I was in very serious trouble. They saw it, they saw me go down. They saw the blood And thought actually most did that I was dead.


They knew it was a shot to the head. They saw the blood. And there's an interesting statistic, the ears are the bloodiest part. If something happens with the ears, they bleed more than any other part of the body. For whatever reason, the doctors told me that, I said, why is there so much blood? He said, it's the ears. They bleed more. So we learned something, but they just, they just this beautiful crowd. They didn't wanna leave me. They knew I was in trouble. They didn't want to leave me. And you can see that love written all over their faces, incredible people.


They're incredible people. Bullets were flying over us, yet I felt serene. But now the Secret Service agents were putting themselves in peril. They were in very dangerous territory. Bullets were flying right over 'em, missing them by a very small amount of inches. And then it all stopped our secret service sniper from a much greater distance and with only one bullet used, took the assassin's life, took him out.


I'm not supposed to be here tonight, not supposed to be here. You you, Thank you. But I'm not, and I'll tell you, I stand before you in this arena, only by the grace of Almighty God. Okay, so obviously the emotion is deeply effective.


You know, people can see written across Trump's face exactly what he's feeling. and it can see that, I mean it's a very, it has to be for any human being, a disturbing experience to have a bullet whizzed by you so closely that it, that it hits you in the ear. Well, Trump's story is really a fascinating and shocking one. You know, else is a shock.


If you end up with back taxes or unfiled tax returns, you can see that transition coming. Did you Handling this alone can be a huge mistake and cost you thousands of dollars in these challenging times. Your best offense is with Tax Network USA. With over 14 years of experience, the experts at Tax Network USA have saved clients millions in back taxes. Regardless the size of your tax issue, their expertise will work to your advantage. Tax network. USA offers three key services, protection compliance, settlement. Upon signing up tax network, USA will immediately contact the IRS to secure a protection order. Ensuring aggressive collection activities like garnishments, levies or property seizures are halted. If you haven't filed in a while, if you need amended returns, if you're missing records tax network, USA's expert tax preparers will update all your filings to eliminate the risk of IRS enforcement. Then they'll create a settlement strategy to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. The IRS is the largest collection agency on planet Earth. Now the tax season is over. They're coming after you. Just like Hulkamania, Tax, Network USA can even help with state tax issues for a complimentary consultation, call today at one eight hundred two four five 6,000 or visit their website at tn usa.com/shapiro. That's 1 802 4 5 6,000 or visit tn usa.com/shapiro today. Do not let the IRS take advantage of you. Get the help you need with Tax Network USA


Trump then continued the story In watching the reports over the last few days. Many people say it was a providential moment, probably was when I rose surrounded by secret service, the crowd was confused because they thought I was dead. And there was great, great sorrow. I could see that on their faces as I looked out. They didn't know I was looking out. They thought it was over, but I could see it. I wanted to do something to let 'em know I was okay. I raised my right arm, looked at the thousands and thousands of people that were breathlessly waiting and started shouting, fight, fight, fight, fight, Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.


Thank you. Once my clenched fist went up and it was high into the air, you've all seen that the crowd realized I was okay and roared with pride for our country. Like no crowd I have ever heard before, never heard anything like it for the rest of my life, I will be grateful for the love shown by that giant audience of patriots that stood bravely on that fateful evening in Pennsylvania.


Tragically the shooter claimed the life of one of our fellow Americans. Cory Comparator, unbelievable person. Everybody tells me unbelievable and seriously wounded. Two other great warriors spoke to them today, David Dutch and James Copenhaver. Two great people. I also spoke to all three families of these tremendous people. Our love and prayers are with them and always will be.


We're never gonna forget them. They came for a great rally. They were serious trumpsters, I want to tell you they were serious Trumpsters and still are. But Corey, unfortunately, we have to use the past tense. He was incredible. He was a highly respected former fire chief, respected by everybody was accompanied by his wife Helen. Incredible woman. I spoke to her today, devastated. And two precious daughters. He lost his life selflessly acting as a human shield to protect them from flying bullets. He went right over the top of them and was hit what a fine man he was.


All of this culminated in Donald Trump after having paid homage to the man who it was in fact killed by a bullet that was meant for Donald Trump paying homage to Corey Comparatory and walking over to his firefighting helmet and jacket and giving it a kiss. Now some of the media were very angry at this. Some of the media were like, oh my gosh, it's mog and it's terrible. It wasn't. It was, it was great. It was great because again, comparator was a Trump supporter. Comparator also happened to be a person who heroically saved his family from an assassin's bullet by shielding them with his body. And Trump expressing his appreciation in what will be his most watched speech of the campaign was a, a truly great moment.


I want to thank the fire department and the family for sending his helmet, his outfit. And it was just something. And they're gonna do something very special when they get it. But we did something which cannot match what happened. Not even close, but I am very proud to say that over the past few days we've raised $6.3 million for the families of David James and Corey, including from a friend of mine, just called up, he sent me a check right here.


I just got it. $1 million from Dan Newland. Thank you Dan. And again, when speaking to the family, I told them, I said, well, I'm gonna be sending you a lot of money, but it can't compensate. They all said the same thing. You're right sir, we appreciate so much what you're doing, but nothing can take the place. In the case of Corey and the other two, by the way, they were very, very seriously injured. But now they're doing very well. They're gonna be okay, they're gonna be doing very well. And then he continued. And again, this is like top notch Trump.


This is like as good as it gets. He observed a moment of silence and he talked about how the spirit of bravery is the spirit of achievement. That's the spirit of America. And this is really, really good stuff, like really great stuff here from President Trump. So now I ask that we observe a moment of silence in honor of our friend Corey. And then he, you know, he's standing there for those who can't see it and observing a moment of silence and very somber in the hall. There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for others.


This is the spirit that forged America in her darkest hours. And this is the love that will lead America back to the summit of human achievement and greatness. This is what we need. Despite such a heinous attack, we unite this evening more determined than ever. I am more determined than ever. And so are you. So is everybody in nation. I mean, that's a great moment. It's great just politically speaking, it's great, you know, for the, for the mood of the nation. It's great. He's paraphrasing obviously the book of John 1513, there greater love half no man than this, than a man laid down his life for his friends.


That that that's what he's, that's what he's paraphrasing there. And it's great. I mean it's just, it's just great. And then he continues and he says, our resolve is unbroken. Our resolve is unbroken. And our purpose is unchanged To deliver a government that serves the American people better than ever before. Nothing will stop me in this mission because our vision is righteous and our cause is pure. No matter what obstacle comes our way, we will not break, we will not bend, we will not back down. And I will never stop fighting for you, your family, and our magnificent country.


Never. Okay? Thus concluded the excellent portion of the speech. Okay? Again, that was like the first 20 minutes and he should have gone for maybe 10 more minutes talking about how my opponent's policies are wrong. Let me explain all the things that my opponent's policies have done and just should have done that. Then he should have said, and here's where I left the country. Well, when I left office, here's where the country was and here is what our plans will be, right? And that takes like 10, 15 minutes and then he is done. And at that point, you know that that's one of the great campaign speeches in history. Instead it took a turn. And the reason I, I feel that this is necessary to point out that because a missed opportunity. So if you feel like a campaign is sort of like a baseball game, I'm a huge baseball fan.


So if you, it's like a baseball game and if you've ever been to a baseball game where your team is up three runs and it's like the sixth inning and your team has bases loaded one out and somehow the other team brings in a reliever, they induce a popup and then they do a strikeout and you end up getting no runs outta that situation. A base is loaded one out situation. You already have three runs and you have the opportunity to break the game wide open, right? One hit breaks the game wide open, taking a walk, a sack fly, right? Something breaks that game open and you miss the opportunity. You start to have the feeling in the pit of your stomach. Like this game is not over yet and there are still a lot of moves left on this particular chess board. And this is the flaw with what, what with what President Trump did last night.


Because again, first 20 minutes are like amazing, amazingly good, Trump like the best Trump. And then things take a turn and then things take a turn. We're gonna get to where things took a turn here for President Trump. And then we're gonna get into the actual big story of the day, which is not Trump's speech that's gonna be obliterated by all the news over the weekend because we may have a brand new Democratic presidential candidate by the end of the weekend. We'll get to more on this in a moment.


First work-life balance doesn't feel realistic when you're working through lunches or staying late to catch up. Free up the time consumed by tedious mailing and shipping tasks with stamps.com. stamps.com streamlines your postage needs, making your business more efficient and putting more life into your work life balance. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go. With stamps.com mobile app, all you need is a computer and a printer. They even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through stamps.com dashboard and automatically see your cheapest and fastest shipping options from different carriers. You can put more life into that work-life balance with stamps.com. You don't need to waste time, you don't need to waste money. We've been using stamps.com ourselves at Daily Wire for literally years. You should do the same. Sign up at stamps.com/shapiro for a special offer. It includes a four week trial, plus free postage and free digital scale. No long-term commitments, no contracts. Just head on over to stamps.com/shapiro. That's stamps.com/shapiro. Last thing you need is pal a bunch of packages in the car, head on over to your shipping facility and take care of all that down there. It's gonna cost you extra time, extra money you don't need that. Go to stamps.com/shapiro to get started with that four week trial plus free postage and free digital scale. Just go to stamps.com/shapiro. Again, that's stamps.com/shapiro.


Hey folks, over this week obviously we witness history. We are in the middle of living history. After a failed assassination attempt, Donald Trump rose def violently with his fist in the air last night. He ascended the stage to accept the Republican nomination to become the 47th president of the United States. Listen, we are excited, we are motivated, but we can't forget this election is not nearly over. There is a long way to go. We here at The Daily Wire, we're in the fight every day ensuring you get the uncensored, unfiltered truth you need and deserve. You want all the updates, you don't wanna miss a minute of this and you want it honest, you want it fresh. Join now at Daily Wire dot com with code Fight for 47% off annual memberships. We're doing our part to make the case for putting the United States back on track. We need you to join us in this fight. Join now. Use promo code, fight to save 47% today.


So again, Donald Trump's speech, the first part of his speech, just amazing, just great stuff. Unifying, excellent, a different Trump than you've seen just in terms of tone and tenor. He looks more subdued because again, a bullet should change man. And then about half an hour into the speech, things take a turn. They take a turn precisely when he moves away from his unifying message and towards sort of the Festivus portion of the speech where it, it's time for the airing of the, the annual airing of grievances. So here we go. In an age when our politics too often divide us, now is the time to remember that we are all fellow citizens. We are one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.


And we must not criminalize dissent or demonize political disagreement, which is what's been happening in our country lately at a level that nobody has ever seen before. In that spirit, the Democrat party should immediately stop weaponizing the justice system and labeling their political opponent as an enemy of democracy, especially since that is not true. In fact, I am the one saving democracy for the people of our country. Okay? Now I agree with what he's saying, but the question is whether it's politically astute for him to be the one saying it, right?


If this is a unifying speech, then immediately going into sort of his grievances against the Democratic party and the justices. And there are plenty of people on the stage yesterday who did this for him. He didn't have to do this. He should be rising above this, right? And this, I think is, is sort of the problem with where the speech went. And by the way, we're only a minute at 30. This thing, this, this sucker went on like another hour whi which means that like only the true diehard stuck around for the whole thing. So just in terms of, you know, the viewership and the optics, my guess is most people had probably tuned out by this point because it was a very, very, very long speech. But again, once he got into it, he almost couldn't get out. So he started talking about the documents case. And again, this is not something that like when you sit down at your kitchen table, I don't think you're talking about Donald Trump's documents case, and he's got the bandage on his ear to prove that people hate him.


That some people hate him so much, they wanna kill him. That he's got all the battle scars, like the physical battle scars who show the thing. And so again, kind of providing the, the most divisive vision of himself here provides an opening. This is, this is leaving the bases loaded with one out with no runs in the sixth. That's, that's what this is right here. And very big news, as you probably just read on Monday, a major ruling was handed down from a highly respected federal judge in Florida, Eileen Cannon, finding that the prosecutor and the fake documents case against me were totally unconstitutional.


And the entire case was thrown out of court with all of that publicity thrown outta of court. Okay? Again, we're only at like minute 35 now. And the reality is this went on for like another hour. So he was, we were told in the, in the, in the runup that he was going to not say Joe Biden's name. He ended up saying Joe Biden's name twice he went off teleprompter. Now, does any of this have like a major impact? The answer of course is no, it's just a missed opportunity. So did it again. The speech was there to do two things. One was unify the Republican party. Republican party is totally unified. So it certainly accomplished that. And you didn't even need the speech to do that because the Republican party was clearly unified throughout the entire convention.


And the first 20 minutes of the speech unified it even further. So in terms of like the dual goals, one was to solidify the base, that one totally fulfilled goal number two, which is to reach out to people who might be kinda like Trump curious. I'll say that this was a missed opportunity, but the left's response to all of this is absolute sheer panic. Sheer panic. And you can see it over on M-S-N-B-C. It's wild. So I will say my friend Van Jones, and again, I'm friends with Van Jones, we disagree on a lot of things politically, but Van is an honest broker. Van will actually say the thing that everybody is thinking. He said, and he's correct on CNN, that he hasn't seen people excited like this since Obama 2008, The last time I was in a convention that felt like this was Obama 2008.


Yeah. There there's, there's, there's something happening where you Wrote a headline, By the way. What, what's that? You just wrote A headline with that Comment. Just like Obama. And just like Obama Trump is showing in this convention, he has the capacity to alter the composition of the electorate. That is The difference between 2008 now is that Obama was actually popular outside of his own party. We, and that's not the case. I don't think, think he should Overstate it. Yeah, that's what, that's what Axel Rod is saying, David Axel, rod trying to make the argument differently. But the reality is, again, the enthusiasm for Trump is extraordinarily high. Meanwhile, Democrats are in a state of sheer panic. All of M-S-N-B-C was in a state of sheer panic, and they're going back to all their playbooks and they're not really finding a great narrative.


Joy Reed is now slandering as, as you would imagine she would the entire Trump coalition suggesting that basically the white supremacists and closeted black and brown white supremacists, which is a weird take. You've seen this kind of election before. You see the same thing in Hungary, like the oron of the party is it's rooted in returning white Christian men, but also white men, white adjacent men, you know, black men, brown men who are like white adjacent in terms of trying to also be in that dominant position inci in society. And then you have women who are willing to go along with that, right? There are a certain number of women who are also willing, the tra wife sort of thing.


I mean, just she's, she's sympathetic. I mean like if that's your attack is gonna be on the Trump supporters, that black and brown Trump supporters, who, by the way, Trump might win Hispanics this year. I mean it's, it's that bad for the Democrats that they are white adjacent. I I can't imagine why you guys have lost popularity. Joy Reed is the reason for Donald Trump. Meanwhile Rachel Maddow doing her thing. So she's pointing out that vice presidential nominee, JD Vance is a lord of the Rings fan and named one of his companies after a place in Lord of the Rings. And she now claims that this is white supremacy. Okay? Lord of the Rings is white supremacy. Go with that one guys. It'll be great. Lord of the Rings is a sort of favorite cosmos for naming things and cultural references for a lot of far right and alt-right figures both in Europe and the United States.


Peter Thiel names all these things after Tolkien figures and places like his company, Palantir, for example, like his mentor like Peter Thiel, who had given him all his jobs in the world. Mr. Vance also when he founded his own venture capital firm with help from Peter Thiel, named it after a Lord of the Rings thing, he called it Ria. Oh no, oh no. Lord of the Rings that coded white supremacist text. But everything is white supremacy according to M-S-N-B-C-M-S-N-B-C actually said the other night after JD Van spoke and talked about there are seven generations of Vs who are buried in the family plot and one day he'll be buried there. They said that that is effectively a form of white male privilege or some such nonsense.


I sort of understand the idea of sharing the, the burial plot, but it also is, it, it reveals someone who believes that the history that the family should inherit, and indeed the history that should be determinative in the, in the story of the Vance family is the, the history of the Eastern Kentucky Vs. And not the Vs from San Diego, which is where his wife is from and where her Indian parents are from. But in America it doesn't always have to be the white male lineage that trumps that, that defines the family history that that branch of the tree supersedes all else. And, and I, and I just think the construction of of this notion reveals a lot about someone who fundamentally believes in the supremacy of whiteness and masculinity.


Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Well, you, you wonder why Elon Musk has joined the Republican party for this election cycle. It's because he tweeted true the Democratic Party has moved so far left, the Republican party is now closest to the center. M-S-N-B-C is a giant part of that. Okay? The, the left move, the left breakdown is the big untold story of the election. It was being told, but now of course it's the RNC, there's a lot of talk about the Republican side, but what's happening on the democratic side is frankly significantly more interesting. 'cause it's something we have never really seen a man pursue the nomination, win the nomination, and then be forced by his own party to step out. So in 1968, Lyndon Baines Johnson was president. He decided very early on that he actually did not wanna run for reelection.


He actually decided that before the New Hampshire primary where Eugene McGovern did surprisingly well, LBG actually won that primary anyway, but he had decided he wanted out, he dropped out like before he had secured all the primary delegates. We have not seen this happen ever where a candidate wins the nomination and then after winning the nomination is like, you know what, maybe I'll give it up. And that's where we're at with Joe Biden maybe right now that is happening, of course, because everybody has seen over the course of the last couple of years the massive decline. And so the only question right now, it's, it's the clash. Should he stay or should he go? And no one really knows the answer at this point. Like a lot of rumors out there that he's gonna go.


And then you'll see occasional pushback, desperate pushback from Andrew Bates over at the White House going, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he's gonna stay. And there'll be more stories about how he's gonna go like, no, no, no, he's gonna stay. Honestly, the most, the the the best take last night came courtesy of CNN's Jake Tapper. It is, it is a very, very solid cultural reference take so all credit to Jake on this one. Meanwhile, events no less Momentous are playing out in Delaware where President Biden is self isolating After testing positive for Covid, we're told to hear top Democrats tell it. President Biden is like Bruce Willis' character in the movie, the Sixth Sense. He is the only one who seems unaware of his grim fate. Former President Obama has told allies recently that Biden's chances of winning have greatly diminished interesting choice of words and that Biden needs to seriously consider the path forward.


Now that is where things stand inside the Democratic Party.


This July Nashville will become the center of Freedom Finance in America's future. At Bitcoin 2024, learn why Bitcoin has emerged as a pivotal issue in the upcoming US presidential election. Meet the companies who are creating prosperity in the American energy and finance industries. Speak freely about inflation war and censorship, and meet the minds who are committed to fighting for freedom. Come for the parties and entertainment and connect with people who truly care about our economic future and are unafraid to voice their opinions. Mark your calendars for July 25th through the 27th and join us in Nashville for Bitcoin 2024. Grab your tickets today, visit b TC slash 2024 and use promo code Daily Wire 10 for 10% off your invitation to the future is waiting.


So again, the big story this weekend. Will Joe Biden stay or will Joe Biden go? Democrats are preparing for the coup according to the Wall Street Journal editorial page. One thing we've learned over the years is that Washington Democrats are ruthless when threatened by loss of power. You almost have to admire their cold-blooded calculation. President Biden is now learning this harsh lesson as the democratic media complex organizes to persuade him to withdraw from the presidential race. That effort, which began after Biden's failed debate on June 27th, is now in full orchestrated Gail, the President has not taken the hint to drop out from the withdrawal calls by the media and Congress's back benchers. So now the big names are letting it known they do want Joe to go. So the backstage coup accelerates. First the press learned somehow Hakeem Jeffries house Democratic leader and Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer visited Biden to deliver the news.


He could cost Democrats control of Congress. Neither man's denied it. When asked the press also learned that former house speaker Nancy Pelosi, a master of political martial arts, delivered the same message to Biden on Thursday. Word came out again late to the press that Barack Obama is likewise concerned about Biden's ability to defeat Donald Trump. Biden might continue to hold out, he still commands the delegates to win the nomination. The August convention or before that is mooted in a virtual vote. And again, that's happening like August one, they've accelerated this thing. So there's like 10, 11 days that Democrats have to get their act together by getting rid of him. But the party message to the President is, you're on a path to lose. You'll take down the house, you'll take down the Senate, your legacy will be ruined and we will never forgive you. And so it's very difficult to tell right now whether all the pressure tactics on Biden and all the reporting that he's going to leave, whether that is wish casting by Democrats in the media or whether it's true, you're hearing super mixed messages coming out of the White House via the media.


And some of that is because the media desperately wanted to drop out. I mean, it would be the biggest story in several generations politically speaking. And so again, you're getting all the Democratic leadership leaking like sieves to the press that they want Biden gone, that they believe that the best possibility for defeating Donald Trump is in fact getting rid of him and putting someone else in. Senator John Tester, who's in the middle of a very rough reelect race in Montana, probably will lose that. He's the second Democratic senator to call for President Biden to drop out of the race again. He's the most vulnerable Democratic senator who's up for reelection this cycle. Jamie Raskin, who is a hardcore Democrat to the point that he actually challenged electoral votes against Donald Trump in favor of Donald Trump in 2016.


Raskin is now calling for Biden to step aside as well, comparing him to an exhausted Pedro Martinez in the 2003 A LCS for those who have a baseball memory. That of course, was the famous game where Grady Little did not actually pull Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox ended up blowing a lead to the New York Yankees and then losing a series they never should have lost. So again, there's heavy pressure coming from inside the Democratic circles. According to CNN politics, the next 72 hours are big. Once Democratic governor in close touch with party officials relayed to aids, this can't go on much longer In interviews with CNN, more than two dozen sources familiar with the dynamics inside the West winging campaign said there is now widespread acceptance that Biden remaining in the 2024 race is wholly untenable.


Everyone is saying it privately said one senior Democrat. People see and feel the walls closing in another top. Democrat close to the White House described Biden as having become exceptionally insulated and isolated since the debate June 27th. Apparently multiple sources close to Biden say that all of his advisors are taking the brunt from Hunter and Jill. That council of geniuses that has had only the effect of making Biden's inner circle of advisors with free access to the president, even tighter Deputy White House chief of staff Annie Tamini, longtime aids of the Bidens joins Tom Donlin and Steve Chetty forming a protective bubble around the President. Again, a lot of speculation about what exactly Joe Biden is thinking at this point, but the media just keep reporting.


He's gonna go and I, I think that they, they keep hoping that if they say it often enough that magically it will happen. Here is an NBC reporter, Ali Vitali saying the ground has shifted beneath Joe Biden's feet, Lawmakers coming out and asking the president to step aside. Now leaks about leadership conversations last night. Can we expect more of this? What are you hearing? What it really feels like, Jose, is that the drips and leaks might be the thing to finally break the dam. That this is not going to be some kind of massive watershed moment publicly, but instead that it might come through blind reports that we're seeing overnight about conversations that the President had with top members of Congress.


Okay, so O Obama tried to stick the final life into Biden over the last 24 hours. He leaked to the Washington Post that he has told the allies in recent days that President Biden's path to victory has greatly diminished and he thinks the president needs to seriously consider the viability of his candidacy. So none of these people have gone public yet. That would be the next stage here is if Biden does not drop out over the weekend, then presumably all these Democrats would start going extremely public with their worries. The, the sort of most trafficked report yesterday was one from the reporter Mark Halperin. Mark Halperin said that multiple sources outlined the apparent state of plan Biden plans to announce withdrawal from nomination as early as this weekend with Sunday, most likely John Meacham polishing up remarks, Biden will not resign the presidency and most importantly, Biden will not endorse Kamala Harris, which is like the final knife in the back for Kamala Harris.


My goodness. So he elevates her to the vice presidency over the advice of his wife Jill. And then on his way out, he's like, and by the way, not, nope, not gonna do it. Don't think you can do it. Don't like you don't think you can do it. And then throw the convention wide open. It would turn into an open convention with Harris and about three others. Now here's the problem, you can't restrict it. He wants, it's an open convention, anybody can get in. I'm gonna put out a dark horse name and nobody is, nobody's talking about right now, they're all talking about Josh Shapiro or Andy Beshear or a bunch of other candidates. Why not Bernie? Seriously, he has the hard, hardest, consolidated base inside the Democratic party. Why wouldn't Bernie make a play for the top spot? Yes, he's really old, but so what?


So what? He's still alive. He's significantly livelier than Joe Biden is at this point, and everyone can see it. Now, super delegates would not be allowed to vote on the first ballot. So some of the politicking behind the scenes would have to be saved for the second ballot. But again, the first ballot is unlikely to result in an actual nominee unless Harris basically consolidates support. Right now Harris is already, she's getting ahead of herself. She's vetting at least four possible running Mac, including Andy Beshe and possibly Josh Shapiro, the pretty popular governor of Pennsylvania. The hope would be that that wins them the swing state of Pennsylvania. and it would be, it would be a good move, obviously. Now, again, all of this is a little early because Joe Biden's team apparently has not been informed.


Joe Biden, according to NBC news, is feeling angry and betrayed by top democratic leaders who are wavering on his campaign. Again, sources say Biden feels angry at how the party has tried to push him out a source close to Biden criticize senior democratic leaders for giving us Donald Trump quote. Can we all just remember for a minute, these same people who are trying to push Joe Biden out are the same people who literally gave us Trump in 2015 Obama Pelosi, Schumer pushed Biden aside in favor of Hillary. They're wrong then they're wrong. Now, according to the source, that source pointed to polling in the 2016 election that found Hillary Clinton leading by as much as nine. How did all this work out for everyone in 2016? Perhaps we should learn a few lessons from 2016. One of them is polls. RBS. Just ask Secretary Clinton and two, maybe just maybe Joe Biden is more in touch with actual Americans than Obama Pelosi.


Schumer, the source added an unusually blunt language that represents the views of those closest to Biden. Okay, first of all, that sounds like some solid Hunter Biden political analysis right there. If, if your lesson from 2016 is that polls are bunk and therefore a Democrat who is losing in the polls can win. And that ain't the lesson in 2016. Lesson in 2016 on the polls is polls are bunk when they overly favor Democrats reach for comment. The campaign referred NBC News to Deputy campaign manager, Quentin FO's remarks Thursday vowing that Biden is staying in the race, but again, no one knows because he's staying in until he's not staying in. Meanwhile, Reuters is reporting differently. They say that Joe Biden is soul searching right now.


One of the sources who requesting anonymity said quote, his soul searching is actually happening. I know that for a fact. He's thinking about this very seriously. Another source, a Democratic congressional aid, said the writing appeared to be on the wall. Quote. It feels like a matter of when not if Democratic Senator Chris Kons of Delaware, who's close to Biden told CNN Biden will quote resting and reflecting this weekend as he recovers from C 19. But the Biden campaign again keeps saying over and over that they're going to continue. But then another source inside the Biden campaign said, quote, yes, it's over just a matter of time. It's, it's hard to see how this maintains. I mean, frankly, it's just, it's very, very hard to see how this maintains at current status.


According to Jake Sherman over at Punchbowl News, the New York Times reporting, Biden has begun to accept the idea. He may not be able to win in November and may have to drop outta the race. And there's a, a developing sense that if Biden does not exit the race by next week, says Punchbowl Schumer and House minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries will be forced to go public with their misgivings about biden's candidacy. Pelosi is at wits end too. The DNC's virtual roll call to formally Renominate Biden could come as soon as August 1st, which does not leave much time to get Biden out, but that's what a huge number of House and Senate Democrats want. Presumably Trump will Get a bit of a conventional bump. You Get a bump coming outta the convention. The polls are gonna start looking real bad for Joe Biden over the weekend. Needless to say, Biden has put Schumer and Jefferies in an incredibly difficult position, says Punchable News Biden has done nothing to improve his standing since the debate.


So what happens if Biden steps aside? That is the big question. Now he has delegates. Those delegates are pledged to him. If he freeze his delegates, they do not have to go to Kamala Harris. Even if he recommends, even if he says, you know, I'm leaving by my vice president. We booked her for a reason, vote. They, they don't have to vote for Kamala Harris. So theoretically, somebody could make a strong move to consolidate an anti Harris vote inside the Democratic Party. And there's a strong case for that because again, Kamala Harris is a terrible, terrible candidate. I mean, she spent like the last 24 hours out campaigning, and I don't know why Democratic candidates do this. Hillary Clinton used to do the same thing. Here is Kamala Harris randomly dropping into dialect for no reason.


We are too busy watching what you're doing to hear what you're saying. I don't even, what what now? Oh, she's so terrible. Can you imagine three and a half months of, of this? Can you imagine? Oh, no. With that said CNN's Harry end 10 pollster. He says that Kamala Harris would have a better shot at the presidency than Joe Biden does, because every day is worth for Joe Biden, I don't only believe she could win. I believe she stands a better chance of winning than the current president Joe Biden. And we can see that in two important states, right, Virginia, which is of course just north of North Carolina, and then the pivotal commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which if Joe Biden doesn't win, that map is cooked for him.


Okay? That said, the polling shows that she is highly vulnerable. There is some data from public po public policy polling, which is a democratic polling firm, and it finds that Harris, with the right running mate, according to Politico, likely can defeat the Republican ticket in two of the three Blue Wall states. The Biden campaign now sees is critical Pennsylvania and Michigan public policy polling. It is a, a bit of a dicey polling firm because again, it's a democratic polling firm. It has a 1.4 star rating out of three in five 30 eights pollster rankings. But the a the, the poll shows Trump leading Biden by a point in Michigan and four Points in Pennsylvania. Harris replacing Biden makes the Democrats chance worse in Michigan with Trump leading her by five points, 46, 41 and better in Pennsylvania, where she cuts Trump's lead in half.


Now, if she picks Gretchen Whitmer, you have an all female ticket, which you know is politically interesting for sure. Then maybe Michigan, it moves outta the R column and into the D column. But does that win her Pennsylvania? I don't know if she picks Josh Shapiro, maybe it wins her Pennsylvania, but does her, does it win her Michigan I? don Dunno, the, the thing that is very clear is that generic Democrats does better than any of these people. Generic Democrat is not Kamala Harris, which means that actually the best thing Democrats can do at this point, politically speaking, would be to dump Biden in favor of a no name. Somebody who has high levels of political name recognition with donors, but none with the general public like a Josh Shapiro or like an Andy Beshear in Kentucky.


But ha Harris is not gonna step outta the way according to Axios, there are five reasons why a mission to bypass Kamala Harris is unlikely to succeed. First, the $91 million campaign war US for Joe Biden can be transferred to Harris, but not to any other candidate. Second, it's hard to pass over the first black female VP for the presidency. Third, a bunch of endorsements have already come from people like Jim Kleber, the Obamas and Clintons would probably throw their weight behind Kamala Harris too, especially if Biden jumps in first. Fourth, senior Democrats are very worried about a fragmented party going into the election. And fifth legitimacy because she's been on the national ballot, even though obviously she had nothing to do with Joe Biden's victory in 2024 and already Kamala Harris behind the scenes, her team is preparing the Kamala Harris defense.


The informal campaign, according to political, is complicated because of how urgently Harris would need to build a political operation, as well as craft a biography that makes it clear she has more to offer than her high profile defense of abortion to include other foreign and domestic issues. The plan is to create a set of talking points around her accomplishments to paint a more fulsome picture of a candidate. This, of course, is likely to fail because she has no accomplishments and she is in fact a terrible vice president who ran a horrible presidential campaign and was basically gifted into the Senate on the basis that she was running in an all Democrat


state. If you wanna know about the very likely next Democrat nominee, you need to check out just another reason. You should subscribe for a 47% off with code fight. Go to Daily Wire, subscribe. Watch our three part mini doc on Kamala Harris titled Scam Law because it is what you need to know about Kamala Harris and why she should never be president of the United States


With. that said, if Biden is out, she is li she's very likely in, and she'll be just as much of a perversity. Constitutionally speaking as Joe Biden has been. I mean, here's Kamala Harris just the other day bragging about defying the Supreme Court. I It is we who have canceled debt including student loan debt, in fact testify if you ever received it. God, she's awful. Again, I still think that Donald Trump is the front runner against Kamala Harris, even if they were replaced, Joe Biden with Kamala. But let's not pretend it's a whole new ball game.


And so here's my message from the RNC and from what the Democrats are doing for this weekend. Do not get sanguine. If you're a conservative, if you wanna see Trump elected, do not get sanguine. Do not pretend that this race is over. It is not. It is July. Do not pretend that Joe Biden is likely to be the nominee at this point. It's very likely he will not be the nominee. It's gonna be about voter turnout. It's gonna be about on the ground movement. It's going to be about making sure that everyone you know votes early. It's gonna be about making sure that you do all the work you need to do. This is not a foregone conclusion by any stretch of the imagination. Again, I look at the polling data and here is what I see. I see Donald Trump has just had the best month of any presidential candidate in recent memory and in the real clear politics, polling average, he's at 47.7%. He's not at 55%, he's not at 54%, he's at 47.7.


And even though in the swing states, again, he's doing really, really well in the swing states by the real clear politics, polling average, he's finally pulled ahead in Virginia, slightly over Joe Biden. If Biden is not on the ticket anymore, Virginia probably ticks back into the blue column, at least initially. And with all these systemic variables out there, we all know about them. The media, certain voting rules in certain states, Republicans are gonna have to fight this fight all the way down to the wire. Do not get complacent. You cannot afford to be complacent at this point in time already. Folks coming up, we're gonna jump into The, Ben, Shapiro Show Mailbag. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the Sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.