
Sometimes you have to break from tradition to make something better, or in this case, a smoother spirit. Martel Blue Swift is made of French cognac, but because it's finished in bourbon barrels from America, they're not allowed to call it cognac. The shockingly smooth taste is rich and aromatic with stupid hints of toasted old from the bourbon casks, making it perfect for cocktails. Martel, blue Swift, defy expectations. Enjoy our quality responsibly.


Well folks, here is your update. It is now day 19 of Kamala Harris answering zero questions from the press about her ridiculous radical campaign about her ridiculous radical VP pick about everything surrounding the fact that she literally substituted in, tagged in as the Democratic presidential nominee almost three weeks ago. No questions, nothing. Lots of breaking news. We're gonna get to all of it. Daily Wire plus members have unlimited on-demand access to our uncensored ad-free daily shows. Real-time breaking news, investigative journalism. Do not be left in the dark. Join the fight right now at Daily Wire dot com slash subscribe. You're not gonna wanna miss a minute because things are breaking legitimately almost every minute.


Alright, so the Trump campaign finally seems to be finding its footing against Kamala, Harris and Tim Walls. And part of that is because Kamala Harris made the signal failure of selecting Tim Walls as her vice presidential candidate. They couldn't do big time vetting into any of these candidates because the timeline was just too short. But they did enough vetting to know that Josh Shapiro was a Jew and that was unacceptable. As we'll see in a minute, it is very obvious that Kamala Harris Harris's pandering full on to the pro kamas crowd. She's deeply afraid that she's going to lose, quote unquote, uncommitted voters in Michigan. Those would be the pro Kama voters who are angry at Joe Biden for not being sufficiently all basant to the Iranians and and so she's attempting to make overtures with them.


That wouldn't have been easy if Josh Shapiro had been on the ticket because he is a Jew, not even because he's a Zionist, but because he's a Jew. Because Tim Walls is sort of like halfheartedly Zionist as it turns out. But the real issue was can't have a juice. So she picks Tim Walls instead. And Tim Walls is a radical, and what that allows for is the labeling correctly of the Harris Walls ticket as the most radical ticket in the history of the United States, which it is. This is a radical left ticket. And the Trump campaign so far has not been able to sort of grasp what exactly they're gonna run on. After all they were running against Joe Biden until one minute ago. And then in a switch in time that boggles the mind, they literally took their dead old president Outback all the Yeller style and then they substituted in Kamala Harris.


And within one minute, all the enthusiasm was back. All the money was pouring in. They opened up a fire hose of cash on the Kamala Harris campaign and flooding the internet waves with Kamala Harris commercials. You literally can't watch a Coco Melon video without seeing Kamala Harris commercials. At this point in time. I know because I was showing a Coco Melon wheels on the bus video to one of my kids, A Kamala Harris video pops up directly in front of it. So making sure that they get the one-year-old vote, it is absolutely incredible how much money they're pouring into attempting to redefine Kamala Harris for the American people. And I think people on the right, again, people who are close watches of politics are bewildered by this. Kamala Harris is a charmless politician. Kamala Harris is an untalented politician as soon as she's off the teleprompter.


But here's the thing, they're smart enough to realize this. And so they're keeping her on teleprompter. And so the, the Trump campaign seemed to be searching its way to something like a counter. And honestly, that's their fault. They should have been out front, they should have done it right away. And we made Kamala, which is our three part series on Kamala Harris, which we'll now be updating in very short order to include Tim Walls. You know that we made that series like a couple weeks before Biden dropped. So it's kind of unforgivable that the RNC and the Trump campaign didn't see this coming and prepped for it and dropped a hundred million dollars in ads on Kamala Harris and Tim Walls as soon as she was made the nominee and as soon as he was made the Vice Presidential nominee. But it's still early.


It's only August 8th. The election is not until November. And that means that if the Trump campaign can find its footing, remember this is like the hottest period for Kamala Harris. She's the new hot thing. She's totally fetch. She's making the fetch happen. She's all the things. She's dancing and she's filled with joy. And then you see her record and then you're exposed to who she is. And it is the job of the Trump campaign to do that, which the media will not. And that is expose Kamala Harris for who she is. So yesterday the Trump campaign finally started putting out ads about Kamala Harris. Here's what their first big ad drop looked like. Yeah, I am radical. I do believe that we need to get radical. Radical. Kamala raised money for a fund that bailed out violent criminals, that freed murderers and rapists.


They even bailed out a domestic abuser. Days later he murdered a man and defunding police The idea that more police equals more safety. That's just wrong. We have to have this conversation about redirecting resources. Kamala Harris, dangerously liberal. I am radical As the Make America a Great Again Pac, which is of course correct. And there are a thousand commercials where that came from. And that's just her on the cops. Wayne Ley Get a her on foreign policy or her on inflation, or her on economics or her on equity. Well, the fact that Donald Trump seems to have the momentum in this race is a very good thing for the world. That's particularly true in the Middle East, where Israel is still fighting an ongoing war against multiple terrorist groups. October 7th marked the one year anniversary of the worst attack on Jews.


Since the Holocaust 1,200 Israelis were murdered, over 250 were taken hostage. The war in Israel continues to rage on today. Missiles are flying, tensions are high, our allies are under attack. It seems like every time you turn on the news, there's another crisis unfolding in the region, Israel. And its people are facing attacks from enemies on all sides who want its destruction. But there's hope.


The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is on the ground providing food, shelter, and safety to those in need. During this crisis, since the war started thousands of reservists, everyday Israeli citizens have left their families to serve their country. Soldiers have been injured, their families need our support. Their gift of $45 today helps the fellowship provide food and other necessities to these families to help them survive. Here's what I need you to do right now. Go to BEN for the fellowship.org. That's BEN for the fellowship.org to make a gift today. In the face of these many threats, the Fellowship's ongoing work, providing security to Israelis has never been more important. Remember, that's BEN for the fellowship.org. I know people on the ground who've been helped by the fellowship. Go check them out right now, BEN for the fellowship.org. God bless and thank you.


And she's a deeply radical candidate. Donald Trump was sounding off about that yesterday. Now, president Trump needs to be on the campaign trail. He does. I mean this week, Kamala Harris and Tim Walls, they're hitting every swing state. JD Vance as we'll see, the vice presidential candidate for the Republicans. He is on the campaign trail. He is hitting all of these states, but President Trump needs to be on the road combating this right now. Those swing states are all too close. When you look at the real clear politics, polling average, Trump not only has dropped behind Kamala Harris in the real clear politics, national polling average as of this moment. She's now running slightly ahead of him in Wisconsin. She's running slightly ahead of him in Michigan. She's running within two points in the margin of error in Pennsylvania. And that is too close for comfort because if she wins those three states, she wins the election.


So President Trump needs to get on the road right now and he needs to take the message to the American people that she's deeply radical. I think he is setting the groundwork for that. Yesterday he was appearing via phone on on Fox and Friends, and he said the correct thing. This is the most radical ticket in American history. There's never been a ticket like this. This is a ticket that would want this country go to go communist immediately, if not sooner. We want no security. We want know anything. He is very heavy into transgender. Anything transgender he thinks is great and he's not where the country is on anything. I mean, that is absolutely true. That message needs to of course, get more focused.


It needs to be more specific. And attacking walls is fine. He really needs to be attacking Harris. She's the one who's the top of the ticket. But by picking walls, what she did is she underscored just how radical she is. Here he was attacking Kamala Harris pointing out, for example, that she wants no fracking, that she's in favor of defunding the police. This is totally correct from President Trump. He needs to take this show on the road immediately. She wants no fracking. She's trying to say now that she wants, you know, she's gone through every single thing that was a horror show and she disavows it. Now she disavows the no fracking. If she does no fracking, and she will a hundred percent do it. One thing I've learned about politicians, and you, you people knew it maybe before me, but I've known her for a long time, their first thought is the thought that they end up doing.


She's for no fracking, she's for defund. The police, you know, she's a big, she was the original defund of the police. She was the original. No cash bail, cashless bail, which has caused havoc. And look at how she's destroyed San Francisco. That is absolutely correct. That is absolutely correct. And not only that, it turns out that as everybody knows, she's really, really soft on Kamas, really soft on Kamas. The reason the radical left is ecstatic with Kamala Harris and Tim Walls is because they know that they'll be much softer on Kamas. So yesterday, Kamala Harris was doing another one of these prescripted rallies in Detroit, and she's not gonna be caught on camera answering an actual question 'cause she's awful off the teleprompter.


She's a complete creation of the teleprompter. But she got off teleprompter for just a minute because there were protesters in the crowd in Detroit who were shouting genocide Joe, because they believe that Joe Biden was not sufficiently cowardly with regard to Hamas and Iran, even though he's been pretty cowardly with regard to Hamas and Iran, but not enough. So they're very angry because what they really want is for Kamas and Iran to win. Listen to Kamala Harris's response. Everybody is pointing out that Kamala Harris basically tells them to sit down. But listen to how she does it. It's kind of fascinating. He intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis and he intends to end the Affordable Care Act. You know what? If you want Donald Trump to win, then say that otherwise I'm speaking.


So there are protesters and they're chanting genocide Joe and shouting at her genocide, Joe, and yelling about Israel and all of the rest of this. And listen to what she, she doesn't say you're wrong. Israel is our democratic ally in a fight for its life against a vast terror network sponsored by Iran. She doesn't say that Israel right now, like literally this minute, is subject to a mass response from Iran, from Hezbollah, from the Houthis. They're openly threatening it. The United States has aircraft carriers in the ME right now in the Mediterranean right now in order to forestall that possibility. So you guys, you can just sit down and shut up with your pro Kama support. She doesn't say that, of course, because she won't say that because she needs those supporters.


And that's what she says. She says right there, you guys, do you want Trump to win? Don't you understand? I'm your friend. I'm your friend, right? You need, you need to sit down, you need to be quiet. 'cause then if, if you go against me, Trump might win. We all know Trump is pro-Israel, but I'm anti-Israel and I don't like Israel. And so you should really sit down. You should shut up. 'cause I'm talking right now. And we need to win. And this is no different than when Barack Obama said to Dimitri Medvedev back in 2012, please tell your boss, Vladimir that I'll go that, that go easy on me right now. 'cause I'll go easy on Russia later. I mean, that's what she's saying to the protestors. How do we know that? That's absolutely 100% the case. Because in Detroit, she then met with a bunch of pro kamas protestors.


According to the New York Times, the founders of the Uncommitted National Movement, the group that mobilized more than a hundred thousand people to withhold their votes from President Biden. In this year's Michigan primary over his support for Israel's war against Hamas and Gaza were among those invited to welcome Harris and Tim Walls to Michigan in a photo line. So he had a hundred thousand people who are mobilized to vote uncommitted in the Democratic primary. And Kamala Harris wants to bring them back in the fold. And that means she needs to take Israel and throw it right under the bus in favor of these pro Hamas insane people. The founders, Abbas a and Lila IDE said they asked Ms. Harris for a meeting to discuss an arms embargo on Israel, an arms embargo. And according to the New York Times quote, Harris listened to stories of people in Michigan who have had dozens of family members killed in Gaza.


The leaders asked to meet with her about the embargo request. She indicated she was open to it and introduced the two leaders to her staff. Now, maybe that's just her pawning off these crazy people on staff maybe, or maybe what she should say is, of course we're not gonna arms embargo a democratic ally that is under a terror assault that was initiated by the worst mass killing of Jews since the Holocaust. That's what a moral person might say. Imagine once again, if the roles were reversed, imagine if a bunch of white supremacists came to a Trump rally and they said, you know, Mr. President, and we need a meeting with you because what we really, really need is a deportation of everybody Brown. That's what we need, a deportation of everybody. Brown. And Trump said, you know what? We'll have a meeting later about it. Willing.


That's the equivalent. That is the moral equivalent of what these people are. They hate Jews, they hate Israel. And she is saying, maybe we'll listen to the, the idea of an arms embargo on our closest ally in the Middle East. That's who Kamala Harris is. That's how radical she is. And the New York Times puts it in the, in the kindest form. Because again, the story here is not just the Harris Walls campaign. The story here is the media's complete compliance with everything Harris walls related. They are just, it's unbelievable. I mean the, the media coverage of Harris Walls is making up for the fact that they had to dump Biden overboard. So they went from Syco frantically repeating the lie that Joe Biden was totally mentally well for years.


And then when he exposed himself on national television as a doddering, old senile fool, it, it embarrassed them. And so they had to throw him off the bus. But that was real uncomfortable. 'cause then they were at odds with all their best friends in the Democratic parties. They shifted right back. And now they're back to being the actual press secretaries, the stenographers for the Harris Walls campaign. Here's the New York Times quote. Miss Harris has emerged as a more empathetic voice in the administration, elevating the plight of innocent Palestinians who have been killed, starved, and displaced in Israel's war against Kamas. And while she has reiterated the United States support for Israel's right to defend itself, she has issued the most forceful condemnation of some of Israel's tactics. Crucial Democratic voting blocks who oppose the war, have demanded more action.


They want to be able to speak at the convention. I wouldn't be surprised if they do it. I wouldn't be surprised if she caves and does it because this is who she is. They're fully radical. And Republicans now have a target rich opportunity. This is a target rich environment. Kamala Harris is 1000 lines of attack. Tim Walls is 1000 lines of attack. The Tim Walls selection, again looking horrible after 36 hours,


in retrospect, there are 8 million renters in America who are not only qualified to own a home, but could be saving 30% monthly on their rent simply by owning. Instead, smart people know the path to wealth is through real estate. This is where Churchill Mortgage comes in. Churchill Mortgage's Home Buyer's Edge gives you the buyer, the power it allows you to compete with cash offers provides lightning fast pre-approval. And Churchill Mortgage sweetens the deal with a $10,000 seller guarantee. My wife and I have bought and sold multiple homes over time. Each time we increased our equity. Stop funding your landlord's retirement. Do what I do. Go to churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. You'll answer a few simple questions so they can connect you with a home loan specialist in your neighborhood. They'll help you build a plan, whether it takes 30 days or six months to get you on the path to financial freedom through home ownership. If you're already in a home, but you got in at like a 7% interest rate or higher, you need to talk to Churchill Mortgage today. The Fed dropped the rates. You could be saving hundreds of bucks every single month with a simple refi. Unless you just like paying more money to the banks or something. Averaging five stars in over a hundred thousand reviews. Go to Churchill mortgage.com/shapiro. Connect with a home alone specialist you can trust. This is a paid advertisement. Home buyer, ET and seller guar are available for qualifying borrowers and select loan types only and not available in all states or locations. And mls. ID 5 9 1 MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1 7 4 9, Mallory Land, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


And so there's the immediate media sensation of Tim Wall. Oh my gosh. He's just like your coach from high school. First of all, good indicator. I mean, there's the old joke. Coach shouldn't be teaching history. Coach shouldn't be teaching social studies. That's legit what Tim Walls did. And he knows nothing about history or social studies or economics or anything else. It turns out Tim Walls, I kid you not, does not own any stock. He has no investments, he has no real estate. He's completely disconnected from the economy of the United States. Probably he should run it. That makes, that makes perfect sense. He's a complete ignoramus on virtually every issue. And he's a radical. Donald Trump for his part said, I'm thrilled with her picking walls. It allows me to say the truth about her.


Your reaction to Governor Tim Waltz joining Kamala Harris to go against you and JD Vance. I would say my reaction is, I can't believe it. I never thought this was gonna be the one that was picked. I know I'm a little bit, I helped him very much during the riots. He's a very, very liberal man and he is a shocking pick. And I'm, I'm thrilled. I could not be more thrilled. I mean, he should be thrilled. The Republicans should be thrilled. But this means you gotta go and gotta go hard. Got it. Absolutely. Label these people for what they are. By the way, this is hilarious. You wanna know one of the reasons they're now saying, they, they, they can't go with the actual reason she picked walls, right?


The, the Democrats, the media, they can't just say the thing. 'cause if they say the thing, it betrays exactly who the Democratic Party is at this point. An intersectional party in which you are ranked by dint of your ethnicity and group lack of success in America. That is how you are ranked in the Democratic party hierarchy of intersectionality. The more you are a member of a group that is economically unsuccessful, the more by their logic that group has been victimized by American society. And the more we ought to value your opinion, the more successful you are or the more successful the group that you, you're a member of economically speaking, the less we are supposed to value your opinion. That is the actual way the Democratic Party now runs, which is why it's very important that Kamala Harris is a black woman despite being a very successful black woman.


And it is very bad that Josh Shapiro was a Jew. They can't say that. They can't say, we didn't pick Josh Shapiro because he was a Jew. So instead they've gone with their second answer. The reason that Kamala Harris actually picked Tim Walls was not because she was trying to avoid the Jew from Pennsylvania. The reason she picked Tim Walls is because he licked her boots. Okay, here's the story from Politico. This is pathetic quote in the dining room of the Naval Observatory on Sunday, Tim Wall sat across from his soon to be running mate for the biggest interview of his life. His message to Kamala Harris and her vetting team was one of deference. Quote, I'm at the end of my career. This is not about me. This is about America's working families. If I have to run through a brick wall, if I have to do the hard things, I'm willing to do it because I'm not angling for anything else. In other words, what he was saying there is Josh Shapiro might wanna be president, which I mean, if you want to be vice president, there's a very, very good shot.


You wanna be president. You know, who knows that better than literally anyone alive, Kamala Harris, who is involved in a coup against the sitting president of the United States and the nominee of her party, Kamala Harris. Like, I don't want an ambitious vp. She should know. She literally went from nowhere to VP candidate to presidential candidate without winning a single primary vote. At any step along the way, it's unbelievable. But what she wants to hear is that she will not be fenestrated the same way she fenestrated her own boss. According to Politico, that low ego dutiful approach is exactly what Harris wanted to hear. After playing a similar role as loyal second to President Biden for nearly four years, Harris wanted someone with the same approach. I swear to God, these, the, the media are a tapeworm.


They live inside the intestines of the Democratic Party and they grow longer with each day. It's unreal. All they do is just eat their every day and grow longer. That's all the media are. That is such unbelievable sonography. Kamala Harris was a dutiful second. Was she though? I see if she were, I have a feeling she wouldn't be the presidential nominee right now after Julius Caesar ring her boss. It's unbelievable. And what she really wants is somebody just like her. It it's, it's insane. It's absolutely insane. Now again, the real reason she didn't select Shapiro is because Shapiro's last name is Shapiro. It's the same last name I do not allowed.


But they're gonna say that it's because of the, the deep and abiding humility of Tim Walls. Okay, well, there's one problem, which is when you have to vet people along this short timeline, sometimes you don't bother to do basic Google searches. And it turns out that since 2018, there's been a large scale controversy surrounding Tim Walls and that has these Stolen Valor controversy. Now, stolen Valor has a long history in American politics, people who run for high office by exaggerating their military service. And it turns out that many of the comrades who they shied are pretty angry about it. So for example, John Kerry, in 2004, he had exaggerated his heroism in Vietnam that came back to haunt him. That was only after he had made his bones by coming back from Vietnam and slandering his fellow soldiers as torturers and as sicko and as Sickos, who taped electrodes to genitals and tortured the Vietnamese people and such.


He made his name doing that. Then he came around, he was like, well, I love touring in in Vietnam. My brothers and, and all, all of the, all the Vietnam, Vietnam vets were like this, this jack, this one really we've seen that we've seen, I believe it was Senator Richard Blumenthal, who was also involved in a Stolen Valor controversy. He was a Democrat of Connecticut running for the Senate who said that he served in Vietnam, but he didn't actually, he didn't actually serve in Vietnam according to the New York Times. So there, there's a long history of stolen valor. Well, it turns out that Tim Walls, who's also a stolen valor guy by all available evidence. So he served in the National Guard for 24 years.


But there's two separate claims about Tim Walls. One claim is that the minute he found out that he was gonna be deployed till Iraq, he quit. And the minute that those rumors even began, he quit and then ran for Congress. So there's the timeline question, and then there's the fact that he apparently went around for years and years and years and claimed that he'd been deployed to war zones, which he never was. Now again, there's nothing wrong with being in the military and not being deployed to a war zone. Plenty of members of the military were never deployed to a war zone, and we thank them for the heroic service. There is a problem when you lie about


it. It's no secret that anti-gun legislation is on the ballot this election season. It is more important now than ever before to support those who are fighting for your Second Amendment rights. This is where my friends at Silencer Shop come in. They don't just sell silencers. They're fighting to protect your gun rights. They're actively pushing back against gun control, lobbying, fighting lawsuits, supporting Pro-Second Amendment legislation nationwide. Yes, silencers are completely legal. Not only do silencers make shooting quieter, reduce recoil and cut down on concussion, they also make your time at the range safer and more enjoyable. But let's be real. The government doesn't wanna make it easy for you to get one. But. there is a solution. Silencer Shop makes getting silencers easy. They've helped more Americans get suppressors than anyone else by making it simpler. With the largest selection of top brand silencers, the expert team at Silencer Shop will help you find the perfect one for your firearm. Silencer Shop helps you submit all the paperwork, making the process hassle free. Get your suppressor now. Approvals are coming back faster than ever. Just head to silencer shop.com/shapiro. They will do the rest. So if you wanna protect your rights and enjoy a better shooting experience, visit silencer shop.com/shapiro today. That's silencer shop.com/shapiro. Silencer Shop is the easiest and best way to get your suppressor


here was Tim Walls in 2007, stretching some definitions to imply very strongly that he was in a war zone There. Actually, it was based on the educational system in Minnesota was was one that we kind of aspired to teach in. So I ended up in Southern Minnesota. My wife spent there for many generations. And your military background, I spent 24 years in the National Guard. Some of that full time I was an artilleryman. I deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. My battalion provided base security throughout the European Theater from Turkey to England in the early stages of the war in Afghanistan. And that same battalion is now in Iraq at this time. So he's talking about how his battalion ended up in Iraq.


He was not in Iraq. He's talking about how he provided support for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, stretching some definitions right there at the very least. And somehow, pretty much every article from 2007 to 2018 included the lie that he was actually in Afghanistan or in Iraq. There were many, many of these. He actually endorsed a book that claimed that he was in Afghanistan. So weird that everybody got that impression when he never was. So there are a lot of veterans who are very, very angry about all of this. And then there's the question of the timeline, because the claim from many of the members of his old battalion are is that that he quit on them the minute that he found out they were going to Iraq.


And a letter posted to Facebook in 2018 after he first ran for governor. Again, this is old stuff, this is not new. Retired command sergeants, major Thomas Barons and Paul Hur said, Wahl retired from his 24 year tenure in the National Guard. After learning his battalion would be deployed to a Iraq, despite allegedly assuring his fellow troops. He would join them, quote on May 16th, 2005, walls quit betraying his country, leaving the one at 125th Field Artillery Battalion and its soldiers hanging without its senior non-commissioned officer as the battalion prepared for war. They wrote while wrapped his military career, just in time for him to launch his political career, the National Guard members accused the now two tournament Minnesota governor of having embellished and selectively omitted facts of his military career for years.


And again, this this letter suggests the exact timeline. They point out that in early 2005, a warning order was issued to this battalion, which included the position walls was serving into prepare to be mobilized for active duty for deployment to Iraq. Between the time the warning order was given and the retirement, he told the brigade command Sergeant Ma, not to worry, he would be going on the mission. It appears that was a lie. Again, that's not me. Those are people who were actually deployed in his place. So this is a major scandal for Tim Walls because when you exaggerate your military career, it turns out other veterans get kind of angry about it. One of those veterans is JD Vans, who's the vice presidential candidate. On the other side of the ticket here was JD Vance wrecking Tim Waltz over this yesterday.


What bothers me about Tim Waltz is the stolen valor garbage. Do not pretend to be something that you're not. And if he wants to criticize me for getting an Ivy League education, I'm proud of the fact that my mammal supported me, that I was able to make something of myself. I'd be ashamed if I was him and I lied about my military service like he did. Vance is not wrong about that, and that is going to be a very live line of attack. During a vice presidential debate, I would imagine one of the National Guard members who served under walls said the future us lawmaker was eyeing a run for Congress much earlier than 2005, where the soldier looked down on him because he didn't go with us with the common soldier and say, Hey, he didn't go with us. He's trying to skip out on a deployment. He talked to us for quite a while on the subject, said Al Bonfield.


He weighed that decision to run for Congress very heavily. So again, weird that the media had to go back and stealth edit all their pieces about him having been in Iraq or having been in Afghanistan. It's two separate issues. One, did he drop out knowing he was gonna get deployed and so he abandoned his guys. And two, has he then spent the subsequent 20 years or so claiming that he was deployed in places that he was not. Now we know for a fact that he has claimed that he used weapons in war. Well, he never did. I mean, he was never in a war in terms of sort of frontline war fighting capacity. CNN had to report even that Waltz did make a comment speaking to a group. He's done it a couple of times where he has used language that has suggested that he carried weapons in a fighting situation.


As you know, with your contact with the military, I know from coming from a military family, there is a difference between being in a combat area, being involved at a time of war, and actually being in a position where people are shooting at you. There is no evidence that at any time Governor Waltz was in a position of being shot at and some of his language could easily be seen to suggest that he was. So that is absolutely false when he said that about, about gun rights out there. Now, C Nnn did try to walk this back and pretend that he didn't avoid combat in any way, which again, is an allegation made by members of his own unit. Here is CNN's Tim Foreman saying there's no evidence he avoided combat. Well, I mean, there is evidence that he found out in early 2005 that he would likely be deployed, and that's when he decided to step out of the National Guard, As you would expect often with Team Trump out there, there's some truth, there's some falsehood in him.


Let's start with the initial claim there. The notion that somehow what Tim Waltz did was Dodge going to service. He was in the the Guard for 24 years. Judy Vance was in the Marines for four years. Yes, while he was in there, he filed papers to run for Congress in February of 2005. He retired from his guard unit that may, the orders to deploy did not come until two months after that. So the claim that he was somehow dodging going over here after 24 years of service to say, well, I just don't wanna go to combat. There's just no evidence to back that up right now. Okay, well, I mean the evidence is from his fellow members of his unit who are the ones who are making the accusation.


I mean, there's that. So there Walls could be asked about this, but he too is dodging interviews at this point. Here was Tim Walls, who's on the the Tarmac yesterday, and people are asking him about it and he, he runs away Brave Tim Walls running away. Governor accused you of stolen Valor, your response. And we're just ignoring, apparently he's gonna pretend he's deaf. Just like that time he got a DUI, he's and he's out and he's out.


Now, I'm not usually one for changing with the seasons. You know, these principles, they stay consistent year round. When it comes to betting, that's another story starting with the Bullet and Branch signature collection. They're 100% organic. Cotton sheets are like the Constitution for your bed. Foundational, timeless, getting better with age. They start off buttery soft, and somehow they get even softer with every single wash. Plus, you can easily add their blankets, duvets, and quilts without making your bed feel heavy or hot. Trust me, a fall refresh with Boll and Branch will have your mind changed for good. Best of all, Boll and Branch gives you a 30 night worry-free guarantee with free shipping and returns on all US orders of a hundred bucks or more. Let me tell you, when you're fighting the culture war day in and day out, good sleep is in fact crucial. Start getting your best sleep this fall with Boll and Branch. Enjoy 20% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets at and Branch dot com slash BEN. That's Boll and Branch, B-O-L-L-A-N-D Branch dot com slash BEN for 20% off. And free shipping exclusions apply. See site for details. That is bull and Branch dot com slash BEN for 20% off and free shipping.


Meanwhile, the Democrats have come up with a counter angle, which is asking whether JD Vans has ever been in combat. Now the difference is that JD Vance was in fact deployed to a war zone. He was deployed in Iraq, and it turns out that Iraq was a large scale war zone in which people who were well inside the Green Zone were routinely attacked by terrorists. But here's Nancy Pelosi now making a very large strategic error by claiming that JD Vance somehow skipped out on duty or there was something wrong with JD Vance's service. JD Vance isn't the one who is falsely claiming things about his service. That's not JJ JD Vance is not the person who dropped out to avoid being deployed. That accusation's not even made about JD Vance. But here's Nancy Pelosi asking whether Vance has ever been in combat.


JD Vance has criticized him as never having been in combat. And has he, and has he well, has JD Vance been in combat? Well, I think he was over in Iraq. I think as you know, as a public relations officer or as a communications officer, I think that's the case. Well, that's, that's fascinating. That's, and by, by the way, she should at this point. I i, if she were a journalist, Andrea Mitchell, she might say, well, he was deployed to a combat zone, which is the entire question here. Meanwhile, top Kamala Harris surrogate Senator Tina Smith said, I'm not aware that JD Vance ever served in the military, which Jim Acosta might wanna correct her on this one because he clearly did. Here is Tim Walls who enlisted when he was 17 years old.


He served in the National Guard for 24 years. And I'm not aware of any military service that JD Vance has ever served. So let's just make the comparison there. And what happened in the tragedy of the killing of George Floyd. He wasn't the Marine George Floyd and then the Unre. He wasn't Okay. Pardon me for that. Yeah, Jim, that little nod until he To go after somebody's record of service. Pardon me for that to go after somebody's record of service. You just did it one second ago, Tina. So is this going to haunt Tim Walls? It ain't gonna look good for Tim Walls. That is for sure. And that, of course, combines with the fact that Tim Walls is a crazy radical. So here is JD Vance. So again, JD Vance has been the leading aggressive tip of the spear for the Trump campaign, which is great.


He's, as we'll see, he's being incredibly aggressive. He's doing things that you would want a vice presidential candidate to do. Donald Trump needs to get out of Mar-a-Lago, and he needs to go campaign right now, and he needs to make a meticulous assault on the Harris Walls campaign. I want him to win. And in order for him to win, he needs to do that. That because the media, as we can see, are providing a solid front in favor of Harris Waltz. Here is JD Vz pointing out that Tim Wa not only has a stolen valor issue, he's also a crazy radical. Now, Tim Waltz is a crazy radical. Of course, he allowed riders to burn down Minneapolis, but most people are gonna be voting for Kamala Harris or for Donald Trump. I think it was a common sense observation. He said it before I was the pick. He said it after I was the pick, and I think he's absolutely right.


Now, I, I will say that on the Vice presidential issue, it's interesting what Tim Waltz says about Kamala Harris. Tim Waltz is a person again, who promoted rioters burning down the biggest city in his state. This is a guy who wants to give driver's licenses to illegal aliens. This is a guy who wants to take children away from their parents. If those parents don't consent to sex changes for minors, this is a radical human being who comes from the far left wing of the Democrat Party. That of course, is true. Here is audio of Tim Walls yesterday, and this came out yesterday talking about the First Amendment just a few months ago, and suggesting that the First Amendments does not protect speech he doesn't like.


There's no guaranteed of free speech on misinformation or, or hate speech, and especially around our democracy. Mm, really no protections for that sort of stuff. And again, everyone knows how radical Tim Walls is, but Tim Walls has always been radical. And by the way, he's sort of awkward about the whole Middle Eastern thing as well. It turns out that he wrote a master's thesis on Holocaust education, that master's thesis on Holocaust education suggested that the Holocaust should not be taught in a unique way. He said, instead, it should be taught in the context of genocides in all parts of the world as though there is nothing unique about the Nazi Holocaust against the Jews as though it's equivalent to any other attack on any other population, which historically it actually is not so Tim Walls, but it's, it's amazing in real time.


They're trying to portray him as a moderate and Kamala Harris is moderate. This is the least moderate ticket in the history of the United States. They're, they're all prot transing, the kids, they're all pro-abortion up to and past point of birth. They're all in favor of weakness in the Middle East. They're all in favor of cutting the military. They're all in favor of blowing out the spending. They're all in favor of increasing taxes, and yet they're moderate Bakari sellers. Super nice guy met him when we did Bill Mart the other day. And, but, but he's wrong about this. He says, don't worry, Tim Wall's a moderate. Even Tim Walls doesn't say Tim Wall's a moderate. Here's Bakari Sellers. One of the things that Governor Waltz is going to be able to do is go to all of those cities outside of those major cities he's gonna talk to, to every working man and have some type of relatability to them.


It, it's, it's almost refreshing to see someone who just simply cares about people in an authentic way, regardless of the caricatures of the right. You're not going to be able to pull Governor Waltz to the left or to the right. Governor Waltz is right down the middle of America where most Americans are. Tim Waltz was directly asked at one point whether he was a moderate, here was his actual answer. Governor Wallace, are you a progressive or are you a centrist? I'm a progressive. He's a progressive. According to him, he's not a centrist. But again, the media gonna media. Well, the biggest thing the media will not do is ask any questions. Which brings us to a stunt that JD Vance pulled yesterday on the tarmac in Wisconsin.


It's kind of great. We'll get to that momentarily first.


Remember, the incredible film was a woman. Of course, you do the best documentary of the last 10 years. Well, Matt Walsh got the same group of white guys back together to ask America's next burning question. Am I Racist. It will be in theaters This September, Matt went deep undercover into the cesspool of DEI, insanity, rubbing elbows with professional race hustlers and diversity con artists. Some would say he did the work. Well, now it's your turn. The date I need you to remember is August 15th, Thursday, August 15th, next week. That is when presale tickets go on sale. We need your help because we're gonna stick it to the woke mob one ticket at a time. The more tickets you pre-buy, the more theaters the movie will appear in. So we need your help. Again, that's August 15th. Keep an eye out www.miracist.comtowatchtheofficialtrailerandgetallthedetailswww.miracist.com. Okay?


Meanwhile, the biggest issue that the Trump campaign faces is actually not Harris Walls. The biggest issue is the media, which have been studiously silent in asking where the hell Kamala Harris is. She's gone. Poof. Like Ellen Page, she's just gone. She doesn't exist anymore. She disappeared. Where is she? She appears every so often, like a hologram on TV to, to read off a teleprompter and cackle weirdly. And then they call it joy. But why hasn't she answered a single question for nearly three weeks? This is insane. She's the presidential candidate of a, of a major party right now, according to the polls, the front runner to be the next president of the United States. And she has answered zero questions. Zero, not one zero.


She has responded to more pro Hamas protestors than she has two journalists for three weeks. Where are you guys? Why aren't you doing your job? Where is the clamor? Where is the hue and cry to ask Kamala? Harris a question. Why? It's almost as though you are completely complacent to sit there and just eat whatever crumbs she decides to feed you from her plate. It's almost as though you are small lap dogs, not watch dogs, lap dogs. The hell is wrong with you people. Where are all the journalism ERs? Why aren't you on TV tonight protesting? Why doesn't Kamala sit down for a serious interview? Why doesn't Kamala do a press conference? Why doesn't chance for any questions about her policies? She's out there yesterday saying she's gonna bring down inflation.


I noticed she's been the vice president presiding for the worst inflation in 40 years. Why aren't, where are you guys? What do, what would you say you do here? You have one job. What would you say that you do here for a living? It's unbelievable. And so Kamala, yesterday she arrives in Wisconsin. She's on the tarmac. She's campaigning in the same swing state as JD Vans. So she shows up and she, she meets a bunch of Girl Scouts because you understand she's a girl Boll, she's girl bossing this thing doesn't answer questions, inherited her nomination without ever winning a single vote, was picked to be vice president. Not because she's good at anything, but because she's a black woman. But she, she's gonna girl boss this thing. And girls, you too can be a vice president and a presidential nominee one day without ever winning a single vote.


Well, not you girls, you're you're white. That's not gonna happen. But in any case, here is Kamala Harris meeting with some, with some Girl Scouts and she's there with Tim Walls. Oh, weird. Coach Dad and Momah. Oh, and fake enthusiasms. Oh wow. So meaningful. Oh, the heroism Still No questions from the media. Nothing. Nothing. Just photo ops. Oh God, I, I swear to God, Tim Wall's fake enthusiasm is so grating even in like short videos, he's clapping his hands and dancing on his feet and he can't sit like, my goodness, dude, just like calm, take calm down.


Just calm it just a little, like a little. Take it down like from an 11 to like a seven. Anyway, JD Vance shows up on the same tarmac and he starts walking off from his plane to her plane because he says, you know, to the media, you guys might wanna ask her a question. Like it's not like, maybe I'll go over there and ask her a question since you guys aren't like, maybe some of you should. By the way, she agreed to debate JD Vance three times. And you keep hearing that Trump won't debate Kamala Harris. And he should also, she agreed to debate Vance three times. That ain't gonna happen Here is JD Vance doing, doing the work. I figured I'd come by and Warren just gonna go on the plane.


Hopefully it's gonna be my plane in a few months. But I also thought you guys might get lonely because the vice president doesn't answer questions from reporters and hasn't for 17 days. Have they give you guys an explanation for why she won't take questions from reporters? No. Nobody. Okay, great. Well, I hope that you changed your mind because it'd be good for the American people and I think it'd be good for you all. She actually ran a real campaign instead of one from a basement with a teleprompter. So have a good one. Guys see ya. Correct. From JD Vance. Correct. And I love that the media are, are angrier at JD Vans for pointing out that they're, that they're crappy at their jobs than they are at Kamala Harris for, you know, not allowing them to do their jobs.


It's pretty amazing. The opinion hosts on the media are of course doing their best to act as a, as an absolute wall in favor of the Democrats. They've brought out Chris Matthews from retirement, which I'm excited about because that means I can do my Chris Matthews impersonation and around Chris Matthew. Look how rumbled. It's a little older, you know, still haven't done my hair. It's been like 10 years since I was on the iron hard ball. I'm so excited. Haven't done my hair, still didn't Get a haircut, grown a mullet business in front party and back. Come on in here, I'll rumbled looking like I took my suit, just threw it in the washer. Didn't put it in the dryer. I like to dry drip that thing. Then I came out here, rolled on in I rumbled looking weird, and I talked about how Kamala Harris, she's, she's giving a tingle down my leg. She's like, she's like John Wayne, except John Wayne had a, but other than that, the same.


We saw leadership last night. Bob Casey, the former governor of Pennsylvania, who won his reelection by a million votes, said Pennsylvania is a John Wayne State, not a Jane Fonda state. She was John Wayne last night. She was a leader. A leader, and she was clear that she was the boss and she did it in a way that wasn't instructive or difficult. She just came across as naturally the leader of that room. Such a leader. It was just like John Wayne. So that she wrote it on her horse. She got off, she said, Hey, partner. And she, she drank down a SAS barilla. And then it was amazing. Ju oh my god. Throws up my leg down my leg, up my leather leg in, in, into my head, in my ear, out my ear, around my hair.


Good Matthews, MSNC, doing an amazing job over there. M-S-N-B-C. But it's not just Chris Matthews who is doing the worshipful routine over at M-S-N-B-C, over at M-S-N-B-C. They are now Meg Ryan. And when Harry met Sally, they're faking orgasms all day long. Over there. Here is Morning Joe guest. What's this idiot's name? Oh yeah, it's an on Ju Hardis. Yes, I remember him from that time that he played a Marvel super villain with that hair. In any case here, here, he was saying yesterday that the reason that Tim Walls is such a great pick is because he's a PSA for white folks. That there, there, there is a deeper truth here that is kind of fascinating here, here we go.


The biggest significance of this man is that he is an older white man in a moment in which the far right is trying to convince white people that the future is treacherous for them. Trying to convince men that the future is treacherous for them. And here is a, an older white man, a coach, a soldier who is very hard to dismiss as some kind of effect. Coastal elite who is telling older folks and white people, you do not need to be afraid of the future. There is joy in the future. There is joy in having your boss be a black woman. There is joy in what is coming. Ah, Ah, it's that last part.


Okay? It's that last part. That's an amazing statement. You need Tim Walls to come along and tell you you racist white people. It's okay to have a black female boss. He's gonna show you how to bend the knee to the black lady. That's why we need, this is how left wingers think of the world. It's insane. They accuse people on the right of being racist for saying correctly that Kamala Harris would not be where she is without the affirmative action picking done by Joe Biden in 2020, which is clearly and evidently true. There are a thousand candidates better for the VP than Kamala. Harris. Just like there are a thousand candidates who are better for the presidency than Kamala. Harris the last part of that, which is that older white folks have to learn that it's not scary to, you know, be subservient to the, to the like. That's a wild, that's a wild thing.


No one should think like that. I mean, honestly, like that, that's a crazy way to think. Maybe it's okay for your boss to be of any color. Maybe it's okay for your boss to be white or green or brown or yellow. Maybe it's, they could be any color. As it turns out. It doesn't matter if they're qualified, but that's not what he's saying. He's saying that white people need to be taught that it is okay to be subservient to people of other races because that's what he thinks of white people. That's racist, that's gross and racist. And that is the way the Democratic Party thinks about the world, which is truly an astonishing, astonishing thing.


Well, it's tough to prioritize your health, especially if you're not sure where to start. That's why I'm excited to introduce Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to know what's going on with your metabolism, which means you'll know whether you're burning mostly fats or carbs. Forget those one size fits all diet fats. What sets Lumen apart is its ability to understand you on a personal level. I've been using it, especially on the road, doing a lot of travel, gotta stay healthy. That lumen helps me pretty much every day. It takes my unique metabolic data and crafts, a personalized nutrition plan for every day tailored to my body's needs and goals. With Lumen, you are not just getting a device, you're getting a health companion. Breathe into it before and after workout or meal gain realtime insights into your body's metabolic response. Lumen will provide you with actionable tips to help you stay on top of your health. If you wanna take the next step in improving your health, go to Lumen me slash Shapiro. Get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me. Use Shapiro for 15% off your purchase. That's lumen me and use Shapiro for 15% off.


On the other half of them attacking the other half of them defending the Harris Walls campaign is of course, them attacking JD Vance. So JD has made himself subject to the media, and as we all know, making yourself subject to the media wins, you know, points if you're a Republican, hiding from the media doesn't lose you any points if you're a Democrat. So listen to some of the questions that JD Vance was asked yesterday in Wisconsin. Here is one media member to v asking why he doesn't smile more. Now remember, if Kamala Harris were asked why she doesn't smile more, that's sexist and horrifying. You're not allowed to ask a lady why she doesn't smile enough. JD Vance, you can ask it, it's totally fine. A little bit different here. You've been criticizes being a little too serious. Can you angry sometimes.


What makes you smile? What makes you happy? Well, I I smile at a lot of things, including bogus questions from the media, man. I mean, look, I think if you watch, if you watch a full speech that I give, I actually am having a good time out here and I'm enjoying this. But look, sometimes you gotta take the good with the bad. And right now I am angry about what Kamala Harris has done to this country and done to the American southern border. I mean, again, that's a good answer. But the question is absurd. Why aren't you smiling more? Why aren't you smile enough? How about this reporter? Were you a bad VP? Pick? You know, honest to God, they, they, Tim Walls is a full scale radical involved in a Stolen Valor controversy, and they can't ask him a question.


But JD Van said are like, the questions so far are why don't you smile more and were you a bad pick? Substantive stuff here, guys. When Trump was at the N-A-B-G-N-A-B-J conference, he was asked whether you'd be ready to assume the presidency on day one, and he responded by talking about how the vice president picked doesn't really impact the election outcome. Sure. Was that the response that you were hoping for from the former president? Well, what the president has said, and I agree with him, is that most people are voting at the top of the ticket. Mm. So again, great questions. They also asked JD Vance once again about Harris's race. At some point, the media should actually do their job and go to the leading ticket and ask them a question or two.


But no, no, no. How can you pick your race? I'm sorry, she both Indian and black. How can she fake her race? She fakes who she is depending on the audience that she's in front of, and that's who she is and that's who she's always been. Again, JD v's. Not wrong about any of this. It is just demonstrative of the fact that the Trump campaign, that Trump vans campaign is running not just against Harris walls, running against Harris walls and the entire legacy media top to bottom. It's truly an amazing, amazing spectacle. They're making asses of themselves. I only hope the American people remember that when it comes time to vote.


Alrighty, in just one second, we'll get into the situation over in Britain where things are ramping up to Fever pitch. If you're not a member, become member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click the link in the description and join us.


Republicans are Nazis. You cannot separate yourselves from the bad white people. Growing up, I never thought much about race. Never really seemed to matter that much, at least not to me. Am, I, Racist. I would really appreciate it if you left. I'm trying to learn. I'm on this journey. I'm gonna sort this out. I need to go deeper undercover. Gonna say I'm racist. Joining us now is Matt certified. DEI expert. Here's my certification. And all you're doing is you're stretching out of your whiteness. This is more for you in this field. Is America inherently racist? The word in inheritance challenging. There. I wanna rename the George Washington Monument to the George Floyd Monument. America is racist to its bow, so inherently, yes. This country is a piece of shit. White folks. Trash white supremacy. White woman, white boy. Is there a black person around or this black person right here? Does he not exist? Racist? Hi Robin. Hi. What's your name? I'm Matt. I just had to ask who you are because you have to be careful. Never be too careful. In 13.