(0s):
Folks a ton to get to on today's show. All the information now suggests that the Iranian nuclear facilities were virtually destroyed, but the media continue to maintain not, and Pete Hegseth is smacking them around, plus Zoran and Madani the radical of the moment. What does that mean for the Democratic Party more broadly and more victories for President Trump, ranging from NATO to the executive branch.

(21s):
But first, my brand new book, Lions and Scavengers is now available for pre-order. And yes, you can get a signed copy only at DailyWire dot com slash shop. It's a rallying cry against the lies poisoning our country. Trust me, the scavengers will not like it. People like you know, the Zoran MAs of the world. Again, that's DailyWire dot com slash shop four signed copies

(39s):
also, it's Friday. The snark is simmering. The guests are problematic, and I just found a dog wearing a yamaka in my inbox. Yes, I know it's been after dark 7:30 PM Eastern only on Daily Wire. Plus. Tonight I tried to explain Sabrina Carpenter's new album cover. Watch Michael Moles F Merry Kill his Career, and discover why Jeff Bezos may owe the City of Venice a toaster oven. Plus Sean Spicer recommends homework. I field questions from people who may be off their meds and someone gets obliterated in this week's. Ben destroys I'm on the road, which means that savvy's back in the studio alone, she's already changed the wifi password to Ben is med. So join me and the ghost of Savvy for another episode of Ben After Dark Tonight, seven 30 PM Eastern exclusively for members only on Daily Wire Plus.

(1m 20s):
All righty. So the media have been having a very, very difficult time just letting President Trump have the w. And yes, what President Trump did in Iran is one of the most historic Ws of my lifetime. Again, just to recap, Israel launched an overwhelming aerial assault on the Iranian facilities, nuclear and missile based. They were going after the ballistic missile development factories in Iran, their ballistic missile stockpiles, their missile launchers as well as their nuclear facilities. And for nearly two weeks, Israel hammered the Iranians. But there was one facility in particular, Fordo, which was some 250 300 meters underground. And Israel did not have the ordinance capable of actually penetrating that facility, fordo.

(2m 5s):
And so President Trump authorized a B two strike using 30,000 pound bombs on Fordo, and in his words, obliterated the site. Now, the media won't let that be the case because if it happens, the President Trump used force to end the Iranian nuclear program and then declared the war over then. It is in fact a historic win, a win that we haven't seen in American foreign policy really in my lifetime. One strike end of Iranian nuclear facilities, complete reshuffling of the deck in the Middle East with Israel as a regional powerhouse and Iran, a supplicant and no continuous war between Israel and Iran. No hot war continuing with no American casualties, by the way, like an amazing, amazing accomplishment.

(2m 48s):
And the media just won't let President Trump have it. They won't. They just keep claiming over and over and over that actually, actually, maybe Fordo wasn't destroyed. Maybe in fact, Fordo is fine. Maybe the Israeli American effort was completely for Naugh. Now they really have no basis upon which to say this other than the word of Ayatollah Khomeini who has been tweeting that everything is hunky dory from his bunker. Presumably in Tehran quote, with all that commotion and all those claims, the Zionist regime was practically knocked out and crushed under the blows of the Islamic Republic. Okay, you have to be high in order to believe this. He was literally hiding in a bunker for the entirety of the war. His regime was so weak that the Israeli Air Force was flying continuous sorties unhindered over Iranian airspace with zero casualties on the IAF side zero for two weeks.

(3m 40s):
And yet he says that actually the Zionist regime, Israel was practically knocked out and crushed. Also, quote, my congratulations on our Dear Iran's victory over the US regime. The US regime entered the war directly because it didn't fe because it felt that if it didn't, the Zionist regime would be completely destroyed and entered the war in an effort to save that regime, but achieved nothing. That's not. So Iran won. Now is the claim that he is making. They did hold a victory parade in Taiwan, Iran. Again, the Baghdad bob aspect of the Middle East is always absurd to Westerners. But again, this is a, it's an honor culture and loss of face is a massive problem in the Arab world and in the Muslim world more generally. 'cause obviously Iran is not Arab, it's Shia Muslim.

(4m 22s):
Aya trying to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, at least in terms of public perception, does not mean that he was not in fact hammered that the nuclear program is in fact intact. But Khomeini tweeted out, quote, the Islamic Republic delivered a heavy slap to the US' face had attacked and inflicted damage on an Al Ide airbase, which is one of the key US bases in the region. No, actually you called and you whine and you begged the Qatari and the Americans to allow you to send a few missiles at all Ude, none of which actually hit all Ude. And President Trump has publicly said as much, why am I telling you what Khomeini is saying?

(5m 2s):
Because you're hearing it echoed by the media. You're hearing it echoed by the media. So this started a couple of days ago when the New York Times reported and CNN reported that there was a defense intelligence agency estimate that Fordo had not been knocked out, not been obliterated, not even been severely damaged. Now it turned out that that was a low confidence assessment by one of 18 intelligence agencies under the DIA, doesn't matter, the media ran with it. Anyway, this became the top story in the media. And President Trump rightly was kind of ticked at all of this. President Trump was a little upset. Well, he should be upset because of course it's stupid.

(5m 43s):
How do we know that it's stupid? According to the un nuclear watchdog head, the Director General of the I A A, there was quote, no escaping significant physical damage after a US strike on the Iranian facility. According to the IAEA centrifuges at the Fordo Uranium enrichment plant in Iran are no longer operational. After the United States attacked the site with bunker busting bombs, said Raphael Grossey, head of the UN Nuclear Watchdog Grossey said that while evaluating the damage from the strikes, using satellite images alone was difficult given the power of the bombs dropped on fordo and the technical characteristics of the plant. We already know these centrifuges are no longer operational centrifuges require a high degree of precision. They're vulnerable to intensive vibration.

(6m 24s):
He said, we can come to a fairly accurate technical conclusion. So does that mean that the program has been entirely obliterated? Maybe not necessarily. It's certainly been delayed for many, many years. According, again, to the head of the I-I-A-E-A quote, the nuclear program has definitely suffered enormous damage, how much perhaps decades depending on the type of activity or objective. It's true that with these reduced capacities he added, it will be much more difficult for Rons to continue at the same pace, same as before. Now again, it is not just the head of the IAEA who is saying that Bar Ravi, who of course is no right winger by any stretch of the imagination.

(7m 5s):
Reporter for Axios and very often the sort of front man for left wing and isolationist to ADT prop coming out from various leak driven parts of various administrations. He tweeted earlier today, I told Jake Tapper, a senior Israeli intelligence official, told me that other than the word obliterated, the reality regarding the results of the attack on Iran is much closer to where Trump says it is than to where the initial DIA report said it was. We'll get to more on the media completely screwing up this Iran story and pretty much everything else.

(7m 33s):
First, let's talk about gut health. Probably something you should be thinking about, but you're ignoring. If you think post meal bloating is just how your body works. You are wrong. Turns out you should not be suffering after you eat. Enter peaks pure tea. Now, fermented tea might sound like health sore nonsense, I get it. But producer Justin has been using this for a while. He can attest to the fact this stuff actually works. He starts his mornings with black pure for metabolism support and reaches for green pure after meals. He keeps him feeling light, not like he's swallowed a brick. It's smooth. Earthy doesn't taste like a garden hose. Here's the science. Pure is fermented. That means living probiotics, prebiotics, the good stuff your gut actually needs. It helps with digestion, metabolism, even skin health clinical studies. Back this up. This isn't snake oil, it's science. No wonder it's trusted by experts like Dr. Mark Hyman and Casey means and the quality. This is not gas station Tea Peak's purity is wild harvested from 200 50-year-old trees, no pesticides, no junk. It dissolves right in water, no bags, no steeping. Just drop it in and go. Right now, peak is giving you 20% off for life, not once for life, plus a free rechargeable, frother and glass speaker with their pure bundle. And it's backed by a 90 day money back guarantee, zero risk. Head on over to peak life.com/shapiro. Again, that's peak life.com/shapiro. Your gut and your taste buds. We'll, thank you.

(8m 44s):
Also, when it comes to getting things done quickly, we've all learned not to expect perfection. Think about it. You don't pull up to that fast food drive through expecting to receive a gourmet meal in a paper bag. It's become almost a given that speed and quality exist on the opposite ends of the spectrum, forcing us to choose one or the other. Well, there is an exception to this unwritten rule. If you're hiring, you can find candidates fast who are also extremely qualified for your job. Just use ZipRecruiter Right now. He can Try ZipRecruiter FOR FREE at ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire. ZipRecruiter advanced resume database lets you proactively find and connect with qualified candidates in just minutes. So you won't be stuck waiting around. When you spot a standout candidate, you can unlock their contact information instantly and reach out right away. With 320,000 new resumes added every month, you'll have access to a constantly growing pool of potential hires, which means you can fill your open roles much faster. Here at DailyWire, we're always looking for top talent. Having the great features ZipRecruiter offers would make hiring a breeze for any business owner, big or small experience, hiring speed and quality with the ZipRecruiter, four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter got a quality candidate within day one. And If you go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire Right now, you can try it for free. Again, that ZipRecruiter dot com slash DailyWire, ZipRecruiter is the smartest way to hire.

(9m 53s):
So again, the media overcovered this in a massive way, and Of course it did because have you ever seen a bunker buster in in action? So the Pentagon released footage on Thursday showcasing how 30,000 pound heavy duty bunker buster bombs work like the one that was used against Iran's nuclear sites. The video shows A GBU 57 Series MOP, which is exactly the kind of bomb that was dropped on Iran, crashing into a target and kicking up a massive plume of dust moments before a blinding inferno appears in a shaft during a tested detonation. Here's what that video looks like. I'll describe it If you can't see it, you can see the B two drop the bomb, massive plume of dust, ma, and then underneath hundreds of feet, gigantic fireball, massive, enormous fireball emerging.

(10m 39s):
Again, you can see here how the bomb actually works. It drops straight down and then it digs, it digs its way into the soil for hundreds of feet before detonation. That's the massive dust cloud that you're seeing. And then here is the gigantic explosion. You see on the other end, it penetrates all the way down into the tunnel. Massive explosion. How would that not have done serious damage to Ford? Oh, how didn't drop one of them? We dropped 12 of them on Ford. Oh, so I'm gonna go no on that. So all of this came to a head yesterday when Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth did a press conference talking about all of this, and he just went off on the fake news that's been targeting President Trump Because you cheer against Trump so hard, it's like in your DNA and in your blood to cheer against Trump because you want him not to be successful so bad.

(11m 39s):
You have to cheer against the efficacy of these strikes. You have to hope. Maybe they weren't effective. Maybe the way the Trump administration is represented him isn't true. So let's take half truths, spun information, leaked information, and then spin it, spin it in every way we can to try to cause doubt and manipulate the mind, the public mind over whether or not our brave pilots were successful. This was an historically successful attack and we should celebrate it as Americans. And it gives us a chance to have peace, chance to have a deal and an opportunity to prevent a nuclear Iran, which is something President Trump talked about for 20 years.

(12m 21s):
Hey, he is right about every aspect of that. Hegseth wasn't done. He called on Jennifer Griffin of Fox News, who'd been one of the people who reported this particular DIA assessment here he was. Do you have certainty that all the highly enrich uranium was inside the Fordo Mountain or some of it because there were satellite photos that showed more than a dozen trucks there two days in advance. Are you certain none of that highly enriched uranium was moved? Of Course we're watching every single aspect, but Jennifer, you've been about the worst. The more the the one who misrepresents the most intentionally. I I don't what what the president says. I I was, I was, I'm, I'm familiar first Report about the ventilation chefs on Saturday night, and in fact I was the first to describe the B two bombers, the refueling the entire mission with great accuracy.

(13m 11s):
So I, I take issue with that. I appreciate you acknowledging issues. This is the first operat, the most successful. I did mission based on operational security that this department has done since you've been here. And I appreciate that. So absolutely we're looking at all aspects of intelligence and making sure we have a sense of what's So. Again, hegseth was very feisty with the media and frankly a lot of it is deserved. Some of the questions he was asked are absolutely ridiculous. He was asked by a reporter about the fact that he had suggested that it was brave boys who flew the plane when one of the people in the plane was a woman. And he was like, are you kidding me? Now this is what we're talking about. We're talking about like the DEI aspect of, of piloting. And here I don't mean that the woman who was on the plane was somehow a DEI appointee. She wasn't.

(13m 52s):
But, but like the main concern here is the diversity quotient of the pilots. And if he uses the word boys, that's the way that I use the word guys. When I say guys, I don't just mean males. I mean humans, human beings. Here we go. I not acknowledge the female pilots that also participated in this mission. The early messages that you sent out only congratulated the boys. So when I say something like our boys and bombers, see this is the kind of thing the press does, right? Of course, the chairman mentioned a female bomber pilot. That's fantastic. She's fantastic. She's a hero. I want more female bomber pilots. I hope the men and women of our country sign up to do such brave and audacious things. But when you spin it as, because I say our boys and bombers as a common phrase, I'll, I'll keep saying things like that, whether they're men or women, very proud of that female pilot.

(14m 39s):
Just like I'm very proud of those male pilots. And I don't care if it's a male or a female in that cockpit and the American people don't care. But it's the obsession with race and gender in this department that's changed priorities. We, we don't do that anymore. We don't play your little games. Okay? You can see how deeply, deeply annoyed Hegseth is and the entire administration for having to somehow explain that when you drop 12 bunker busters on Iranian nuclear site and destroy their nuclear facilities, or at least render them completely inoperable and then the media lie about it and seek any speck of information to discredit that, that that is deeply annoying and it should be deeply annoying because our media are just trash.

(15m 20s):
I'm sorry. They really are. Lemme give you an example. So CNN's Clarissa Ward, she's appearing with Stephen Colbert and she says that the Iranians view nuclear weaponry as essential for their self-defense. Okay? To believe this, you have to be a total idiot. They believe it's necessary for their self-defense. The nuclear in what way? As a deterrent to what? As a deterrent to what they've been in power since 1979. The iOS, they view it as necessary to their self-defense from whom precisely Saudi Arabia is going to invade them. Israel is gonna give a crap about Irans as long as they're not threatened by Iran and its proxies. What? Absolute hogwash.

(16m 2s):
There are a lot of Iranians who support the current regime, who feel outraged by what Israel has done and who view their nuclear program as being absolutely existentially essential for their self-defense. And so it's important to try to like sit with the complexity of many differing viewpoints. What in the world, like this sort of propagandistic nonsense, you know, the Iranians, they just see it as a self, it's all self-defense, don't you? So probably should just let them go nuclear, since a since after all the Iranian people, many of them backed the regime and they just want to protect themselves with a nuclear weapon attached to a ballistic missile aimed at Israel.

(16m 42s):
I mean, that's how you would defend yourself. Would you not as if that weren't enough. John Stewart jumped on the bandwagon as well. Of course he, he's, he says it's just, it's just terrible that so many members of the Trump administration are annoyed at people in the media who downplayed the scale of the success and up played an incredibly dicey defense intelligence agency report. EE, everything that is so difficult about this administration just on display in the moment, just the even actions that it might take that can be successful or or fraught with his fragility at all times.

(17m 23s):
We obliterated their nuclear program. Well, the early intelligence says, oh, that's, but that's scumbags reported that. And people that hate the pilots. And you just think, Hey man, if it's real and all the things that you said you had accomplished had been accomplished, then it shouldn't be that hard to not be so defensive and angry. Now this is really a ridiculous line of attack and it is launched by the media all the time. They say something that is false or they up play a really, really dicey report. And then when somebody acts annoyed, they say, well, you're only annoyed. You're only annoyed because you know it's true.

(18m 3s):
Like, no, maybe President Trump is annoyed because he knows it's not true and you won't just give him the w. And let's be real about this. President Trump deserves the w Here it is again, one of the great historic American foreign policy victories of my lifetime without a doubt. And by the way, there may be more to come, there may be more to come. There's a report out of Israel. Hi today that there President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu are looking forward to on the back of this successful destruction of the Iranian nuclear program. They're looking forward to a wide variety of diplomatic feats, which if they happen, would certainly be incredible for the world according to Israel. Hi. A four-way telephone conversation between United States President Donald Trump, secretary of State, Marco Rubio, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Minister of Strategic Affairs.

(18m 49s):
Ron Dermer occurred directly after the American assault on Iran's nuclear installations. According to a source, familiar with the discussions at Substance Israel, Haym learned that all participants expressed extreme enthusiasm regarding the B two bomber mission results and were experiencing what the source characterized as euphoria. Yet the tremendous satisfaction among the four leaders drive not merely from operational achievements, but also from their future strategic planning. President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu aim to swiftly pursue fresh peace agreements with Arab states. As part of the Abraham Accords expansion, they reach consensus on fundamental principles in general terms. They plan rapid implementation beginning with the termination of the Gaza War. One Gaza hostilities will conclude within two weeks. Ending conditions will encompass four Arab nations, including Egypt and the UAE to administer the Gaza Strip, replacing the murderous Hamas terrorist organization.

(19m 37s):
The remaining Hamas leadership will face exile to other countries while the hostages gained freedom. By the way, if they're able to broker this massive diplomatic win, multiple nations globally will accept numerous Gaza inhabitants seeking immigration. Abraham Accord's expansion will bring Syria, Saudi, and additional Arab and Muslim countries to recognize Israel and establish official relationships. Israel will declare its willingness for future Palestinian conflict resolution under the two states concept contingent upon the Palestinian authority reforms. Basically saying maybe someday the PA were to moderate and start, you know, acting not like a terrorist organization. Maybe then there might be a conflict resolution that might end with something like two states. Okay, we'll see. And finally, the United States will acknowledge limited Israeli sovereignty implementation in Judea and Samaria, which simply means that the Jewish areas of Judea and Samaria will be acknowledged by the United States as part of Israel, which always is going to be a part of any sort of final conversation.

(20m 29s):
Concurrently two diplomatic sources informed Israel ha about substantial American presidential pressure on Prime Minister Netanyahu. To conclude the Gaza Strip operations, Israel had young further discovered that fears regarding the ambition plan's potential failure contributed to President Trump's significant anger concerning those Israeli strikes. After his Iran ceasefire announcement, president Trump expressed confusion about how Bibe would disrupt their agreed strategic peace framework over a minor Iranian missile. So again, this is a very ambition plan. We'll have to see how exactly it materializes. But President Trump has been given no credit for what he has done in the Middle East over the course of his first term and his second term.

(21m 11s):
And he has done more for peace in the Middle East than any president in probably American history. When I say probably, I mean definitely in American history. And meanwhile, the President continues to win victory after victory. So he went to that NATO summit, he got every nation except for Spain of course, to agree to spend 5% of GDP on defense, which is a wonderful, wonderful thing forcing other nations in Europe to pick up their own defense tab so as to militarize them against the possibility of future encroachment from non NATO actors like Russia for example. That is a good thing. Helix Seth, during his press conference pointed that out as well. What President Trump accomplished in NATO yesterday was game changing and historic.

(21m 52s):
A shift in burden sharing to the U to European responsibility in NATO that most would've said was impossible at the beginning of his term, but he said NATO needs to pay up. That started in the first term and here in the his second term, we've accelerated that 32 NATO countries committed to spending 5% of their GDP on defense on actually investing in the NATO alliance. So I hope with all the ink spilled, all of your outlets find the time to properly recognize this historic change in continental security. Yeah, he is totally right about this.

(22m 32s):
Alright, coming up Zoran mom, Donny is making all the rounds the radical left, so excited Democrats are freaking out first.

(22m 40s):
You know, there are a lot of things in life that make you rethink your priorities. I have four kids. Every single time you have a kid, you rethink your priorities and it reminds you of your mortality. Because bad news, we're all going to die. I know darkness dark, but that's where policy genius comes in. Policy genius simplifies life insurance shopping with quotes from to insurers, helping you find affordable coverage that fits your needs and budget all while giving your loved ones a financial safety net to handle debts. Expenses like mortgage payments, even build wealth over time. If the worst were to happen to you with policy genius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just 276 bucks a year for a million dollars in coverage. It's an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about the future. Policy genius lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with their licensed support team handling questions, paperwork, and advocating for you throughout the process so you can move forward quickly, get the coverage you need and get back to living your life. What makes them trustworthy is their personalized approach. They know life insurance isn't one size fits all, so they clearly present all your options, including coverage, amounts, prices, and terms with complete transparency and no guesswork. Secure your family's future with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com/shapiro to compare free life insurance quotes from top insurers. See how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/shapiro.

(23m 52s):
Also made in America means something to our country's private equity investors. When you invest $700 billion annually in American companies and the 13 million workers and families, they support your investing in the success of Main Street. Over the last eight years alone, America's private equity investors have contributed $5 trillion to the American economy. That's money powering growth in manufacturing, tech, energy and innovation from strengthening supply chains to helping America lead in artificial intelligence. That kind of investment shapes our future and it starts with private equity backing American ambition because investing in our people, our businesses, our communities, and just good for the economy, it's good for the country. Learn more about how private equity keeps American small businesses growing and thriving@investmentcouncil.org. Paid for by the American Investment Council.

(24m 35s):
By the way, again at nato, president Trump, as I have said, he lives in the world of reality. President Trump acknowledged at NATO that he met with Zelensky and that actually Putin might be the problem. Here's President Trump. Just a couple of days ago, I, what I took from the meeting couldn't have been nicer actually, but I, I took from the meeting that he'd like to see it end. I think it's a great time to end it. I'm gonna speak to Vladimir Putin and see if we can get it ended. I consider him a person that's, I think been misguided. I'm very surprised actually. I, I thought we would've had that settled easy. I've settled four of 'em in the meantime. But he did call up and he said, you know, he is close to Iran, he'd like to help us get a settlement.

(25m 16s):
I said, no, no, you help me get a settlement with you with Russia. Okay, so again, that is President Trump living in reality saying that Putin might not actually be who he thought he was. Alright, this is all good. And by the way, it's all popular. President Trump's new approval poll on the Israel Iran issue from insider advantage out yesterday. Approve 60%, disapprove, 36%. Those are numbers you do not see with regard to President Trump's policy, except on maybe closing the border. That's it. And yet somehow the media can't buy in. And of course they can't buy in because they ever bought in. They would have to acknowledge that they have been lying about the President of the United States for a full decade at this point.

(25m 60s):
By the way, worth noting here, going back to the Middle East for a moment. President Trump, who obviously is working hand in glove with the Israeli Prime Minister Right now, and presumably with Mohammed bin Salman over in Saudi Arabia, as well as the leadership of UAE and Bahrain and the other Abraham Accord countries, he put out a statement in support of Prime Minister Netanyahu, who has in fact been targeted by the legal establishment in Israel for a bunch of absolute sheer nonsense. Some of the most spurious crap, the kind of law affair that you saw against President Trump in the United States, except it's also happening in Israel. Trump put out a statement quote, breaking news. I was shocked to hear that the state of Israel, which has just had one of its greatest moments in history and is strongly led by Bibi Netanyahu, is continuing to ridiculous witch hunt against their great wartime Prime Minister Bibi and I just went through hell together, fighting a very tough and brilliant longtime enemy of Israel, Iran and Bibi could not have been better, sharper, or stronger in his love for the incredible holy land.

(26m 50s):
Anybody else would've suffered losses, embarrassment, and chaos. Bibi Netanyahu was a warrior like perhaps no other warrior in the history of Israel. And the result was something that nobody thought was possible. A complete elimination of potentially one of the biggest and most powerful nuclear weapons anywhere in the world. And it was going to happen soon. We were fighting literally for the survival of Israel. And there's nobody in Israel's history that fought harder or more competently than Bibi Netanyahu. Despite all of this, I just learned that Bibi has been summoned to court on Monday for the continuation of this long running, has been going through this horror show since May, 2020. Unheard of. This is the first time a sitting Israeli prime minister has ever been on trial. Politically motivated case concerning cigars, a bugs bunny doll, and numerous other unfair charges in order to do him great harm. Such a witch hunt for a man who has given so much is unthinkable to me.

(27m 30s):
He deserves much better than this. And so does the state of Israel. Bibi Netanyahu's trial should be canceled immediately, or a pardon given to a great hero who's done so much for the state. Perhaps there's no one I know who could have worked in better harmony with the President of the United States me than Bibi Netanyahu. It was the United States that saved Israel and now it's going to be the United States of America that saves Bibi Netanyahu. This travesty of justice cannot be allowed and good for the President because that is obviously true. I mean, for people who watch Israeli politics closely, what's happening to Netanyahu is a witch hunt that has been promoted by his political opponents in order to get him off the political stage thanks to his high levels of success. Okay? Meanwhile, as President Trump moves from victory to victory, and again the victories are stacking up, we'll get to more of his victories a little bit later on in the show, including a big one at the Supreme Court.

(28m 13s):
First, what's going on in New York is quite telling the Democratic Party at a loss, at a complete loss for what to do next. Thanks to President Trump's victory in 2024 and his string of successes, since they're now relegated to hoping that the revolutionaries have a plan. The socialist revolution will be led by of course the absolutely brilliant Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez former bartender and empty headed loon. And now Zohran Mamdani, the victor of the New York Democratic mayoral primary. So Momani, as I've described before, is actually a communist. He actually believes in nationalization of resources, meaning that the government ought to actually run the businesses, the government ought to be involved in every aspect of life.

(29m 3s):
His Bernie Sanders on steroids with the additional pleasure of also being pro jihadi as well as prot, transing the kids. So pretty much every left wing and piece of the Omni cause that you could brag about is something that Momani supports. So Momani was recently on ABC seven in New York where he explained that actually the best plan would be to take all the money and then just like give it equally to everybody because there's a lot of money for everybody. You know, I think of the words of Dr. King who decades ago said, call it democracy or call it democratic socialism. There must be a better distribution of wealth for all of God's children in this country. And it gets to the heart of the matter, which is inequality. And my belief that every New Yorker should have what they need to live a dignified life.

(29m 44s):
It shouldn't be something that they can be priced out of. There is enough money for a life of dignity for all people. It's just a question of whether we have the political will to ensure that that money is being spent on delivering that. It is just amazing. It's all about the political will. See for the left, it's never about a practical plan that actually succeeds. It's all about If you only had the will, then reality itself would reshape to meet your demands of it all. The poor would disappear. All of the lazy would disappear, and everybody would simply live in a garden of Eden. Apparently. That is how Momani does policy. So Momani also recently suggested that his tax plan will involve making everyone who does business in New York pay the New York City income tax rates.

(30m 29s):
So you wouldn't even be able to move your business out of New York City. You would e, even If you relocated to Florida, If you were still doing business in New York City, you'd pay New York's tax rate. Which all that happens is that people stop doing business in New York City. That's actually what happens. And what I've proposed is that we raise $10 billion to pay for our entire economic agenda and start to trump proof our city. 'cause we know he'll use federal funding as leverage over this city. And we will do so in two key ways. The first is to match the state's top corporate tax rate to that of New Jersey. We are at 7.25%, they're at 11.5%. Corporations can pay it over there, they can pay it over here. And the beauty of it is that it doesn't just apply to corporations headquartered in New York City.

(31m 10s):
'cause when you say this, people will say, well, they're gonna go to Florida. Wherever you are headquartered, as long as you do business in the state of New York, you are taxable for that corporate tax. We're talking about corporations that are making millions of dollars not in revenue, but in profit. And the second is taxing the top 1% of New Yorkers. We're talking about people who make a million dollars a year more taxing them just by flat 2% tax increase. And I know if 50 cent is listening, he's not gonna be happy about this tends to not like this tax policy. But I wanna be very clear, this is about $20,000 a year. It's a rounding error. And all of these things together, they make every New Yorker's life better, including those who are actually getting taxed Inclu. Really? Is that why all those people are gonna leave? Because they will. They will. And they'll stop doing business there. I know this because when we moved our business from California, one of the key reasons we did this was because of the regulation and the tax structure in California.

(31m 57s):
And Gavin Newsom at the time was threatening something very similar. He was actually threatening something even crazier. He was suggesting that If you moved out of California, they would still try to retroactively grab your taxes after you left. If you left and you'd been a residence of California sometime in the past 10 years, they would still try to tax you as though you were living in California. It was totally psychotic. And you know what? I left and I took my money and I took my company and we took our profit and we went away. And when you're talking about sophisticated financial players like the ones in New York, If you think those people can't relocate, you're outta your mind. They obviously can, especially because financial transactions now exist in the cloud. They exist in the ether. Those financial transactions can take place cross nationally with the push of a button.

(32m 42s):
The idea that Zohran Mamdani is gonna pin down some of the most sophisticated and rich financial players in New York City and tax them to death and they won't try to escape in any way is totally insane. But you know, again, this is who New York Democrats have decided ought to be their mayor also. He's very concerned. He's very concerned about discrimination in the city of New York against Muslims. Here he was with Jen Psaki over on M-S-N-B-C. You know, it's sad in that in one sense it's unsurprising and another, it is still deeply disappointing to see what politics has become in this moment. To have to deal with regular death threats where I'm told that someone is going to blow up my car and is going to kill me and my family and the people that I love.

(33m 27s):
And I've spoken to many Muslims across the city who have shared that their fear of having to be essentially branded a terrorist just by living in public life is one that keeps them preferring life in the shadows life outside of that specter. And this is not the way that we can have our city be. It's not the way that we can have our country be. This has to be a place where we understand the mutual belonging of each and every person here Except for the Jews. He says by the way, that he will arrest Benjamin Netanyahu if he's elected mayor. And Netanyahu comes to the city of New York. Jews are gonna flee New York City like nobody's business, which may be his plan actually. But socialism is so hot Right now. It is so hot.

(34m 8s):
Like Will Ferrell and Zoo are hot Right now, already coming up. We'll get into Vagary surrounding the big beautiful bill. President Trump needs it to pass. Will the Senate parliamentarian even allow that to happen or days away?

(34m 20s):
First, from what has been dubbed the real reset, the greatest threat to the US dollar's global dominance in over 80 years on July 6th, bricks, nations, Russia, China, India, Iran, many more are expected to unveil their plans to circumvent the US dollar, thus cratering its value. They've already been laying the groundwork as their central banks have been methodically divesting from the US dollar and US bonds in favor of gold. How can you protect your IRA or 401k from the fallout from this landmark shift? Diversify with gold from Birch Gold Group. Historically, gold has been a safe haven in times of high uncertainty that would be like you know Right now. I recently bought myself a bunch more gold because you know things are kind of uncertain out there. Get a free info kit on tax sheltered gold IRAs by texting the word Ben to 98. 98 98. They make it really, really easy. July 6th mark, say monumental shift happening among nations that control one third of the world's GDP Arm yourself the way I did with information to diversify your retirement savings text. Bens the number 98 98 98 claim, your free info kit from Birch Gold to go check them out Right now. Text Bens the number 98 98 98 claim your free info kit from Birch Gold today.

(35m 21s):
Also, you know it's funny, when we started DailyWire, we thought the hard part would be creating the awesome content. Turns out dealing with all the behind the scenes stuff, the hiring, HR policies, employee issues, that's the stuff that really eats up your time. And I know we're not alone. When you're a business owner, every second of your time is incredibly valuable. So don't waste your energy and risk losing money, dealing with time sucking payroll issues, office politics, HR infractions. Focus on the stuff that matters most. Running your business with help from Bambi. Here's what makes Bambi different. They give you access to your very own dedicated HR manager at a fraction of what it costs to employ somebody full-time and get this Bambee costs just 29 bucks a month, Whether you have 10, 75, even a hundred employees. If we had Bambee when we were first building the team, it would've saved me countless hours and headaches. Instead of getting bogged down with paperwork and compliance, we could have focused on growing the show, connecting with the audience better. With Bambi's HR autopilot, you'll never have to waste your valuable time getting into the weeds of HR policies, onboarding or terminations. Plus Bambee is month. Month, no hidden fees and you can cancel anytime RIGHT NOW. Get one month of Bambee for just ONE DOLLAR. Go to Bambee dot com, type in Ben Shapiro under Podcast to schedule your first call with an HR Manager RIGHT NOW. That's one month of Bambee for just $1 at BAB e.com. Type in Ben Shapiro under podcast and schedule your first call with an HR manager Right now.

(36m 34s):
So where's all the socialism coming from? It is in fact, as we've been talking about the triumph of Bernie Sanders is in the Democratic party and Sanders is high on his own supply. He's just over the moon about all this. Finally, at long last, at the end of his long chain of uselessness, Bernie Sanders reigns triumphant over the Democratic party. Here he was praising Zoran Momani. I, Chris would not compare it to Obama or Clinton. What Zoran understood is that in order to win, you gotta be more than charismatic. And he is, you gotta be more than smart, which he is. You got to build a strong grassroots movement around a progressive agenda.

(37m 20s):
He had thousands and thousands of people knocking on doors because they were excited about his message. Okay, so again, what did he have? Well, he was very progressive, says Bernie Sanders. In fact, Bernie is running against the Democratic Party here. He was telling Chris Hayes that this is an insurgency against the top levels of the Democratic Party. Look, what is the Democratic party today, Chris? It is I, I don't think people can argue with us. It is funded by very wealthy people. It is run by inside the way inside the Beltway consultants who really have very little clue about what's going on in the real world. And that is why I think sadly, Kamala Harris lost an election that she should have won.

(38m 3s):
Okay? So again, his claim is that if the Democratic party goes further and further to the left, there'll be more and more successful. That is his claim. And that is the claim of many inside the top levels of the radical wing of the Democratic party. Margae, she was out there explaining that actually Zahar Ani is unbelievable. She's a member of the New York Times editorial board saying he did. He had an unbelievably appealing message to voters. Sure that message was, I will just give you free ice cream like every other other person who's ever run for third grade class president. But it was so appealing. First of all, assemblyman Momani did something that Democrats in Washington and across the country have struggled to do of late, which is he simply was clear about where he stands, what he believes, and what he is willing to fight for.

(38m 54s):
And it was also a really positive vision. So rather than just bashing Donald Trump, or in this case his mayoral opponent, Andrew Cuomo, he actually talked about the kind of city and the kind of community that he wanted to see. And that was appealing. It was attractive to voters. So yeah, so, so appealing, so attractive. Tim Wall's daughter is also one of the people who's out there paying homage. The younger generation, the younger generation. These are the people we need to listen to. What happened yesterday in New York City happened because progressive policies are popular. I know it might surprise some people, but feeding kids lunch, providing childcare, having accessible and functional public transportation among many other things are popular policies everywhere.

(39m 48s):
They're popular everywhere in their common sense, right? Like when you think about this country, you think about it's a great place to grow up and raise a family and like build your life. Or at least that's how it should be. And with that comes feeding kids lunch, allowing people to get to and from work and like a timely, efficient, affordable manner, providing people childcare while they go to work, right? All of that is common sense. And it's popular, and I've said this since the beginning. It's all messaging. It's all messaging. Guys, If you just message socialism in the right way, it'll be great.

(40m 28s):
We have trained an entire generation of idiots not to understand how markets work, how profit works, how capitalism works, how cost and benefit work, how government programs work. And because they've been removed from all of it, they now get to sit around and theorize that their magical solutions that they just came up with one second ago, don't you know that those will all work? Sure they've never worked well in the past, but now they will work. Now they will. And as adults like Stephen Colbert leading the way, these past middle age gray hairs who are still pretending they're cool with the younger set. And yesterday in a stunning upset democratic socialist, Zoran Momani won the Democratic mayoral primary.

(41m 8s):
Huge applause That That's extraordinary. That's extraordinary. Momani Momani is now on track to become the city's first South Asian mayor, first Muslim mayor, and the youngest mayor in over a century. Wow. Wow. Well that's really what matters is his ethnic identity. And for these people it actually does. The fact that he is a radical leftist who believes everything. It is possible for radical leftists to believe is the feature, not the bug. The younger generation of Democrats, again push forward by very rich, white, far leftists in the media.

(41m 49s):
That younger generation is eating the Democratic Party from the inside out. It's why there's still some in the Democratic Party who believe that people like Jamal Bowman are the wave of the future. Jamal Bowman was an ally of a OC. He was ousted, of course, in a Democratic primary, largely because Jews showed up to vote against him. 'cause he's a rabid anti-Semite. But here he is on CNN and this person, I promise you, he'll run for Congress again, Jamal Bowman, and given the trajectory in New York, he could win again, given the trajectory of the left, he could be back in Congress. Why not? Here he was on CNN saying that the reason black people have higher rates of obesity is because of the N word. Your colleagues in the Republican party do not hold each other accountable when it comes to the racism that comes from the party on a consistent basis.

(42m 37s):
Congressman, I mean, and where are you on assassination about you can't be come about this. I'm a black man in America. The reason why heart disease, it's not white. I can't comment on it. Listen to what I'm saying. The reason why heart disease and cancer, this is racist. Obesity can't talk, and diabetes are bigger in the black community. It's because of the stress we carry from having to deal with being called the N word directly or indirectly every day. If if, if your colleagues would listen and try to learn and engage and grow and stop being so hateful, we could have a better country. So again, obesity, cancer, heart disease, all because of the N word. I'm gonna need some stats to back that up, like some causative stats to back that up.

(43m 19s):
That it's racism, people calling people the N word, which is happening less now than it did in say the 1960s. But the rates of obesity were lower in the 1960s than they are now. I'm gonna need like a connect there from Jamal, but you know, who wouldn't? Zohran Mamdani. He would understand that right away. He would understand the suffering. He'd do this fo sincere routine. He's so sincere. He's so enthusiastic. Zohran Mamdani. Were supposed to believe that he, he look at the enthusiasm from this 33-year-old whipper snapper who's, and he's speaking like this because he just, he's so, he knows. He knows how you feel on the inside. If this is the thing that Democrats are looking for, man, good luck to them, good luck to them.

(44m 0s):
And again, it's not just, I don't wanna pick on mom, Donny alone. I'd like to pick on this entire wing of the Democratic party, Jasmine Crockett, who's now the hot new thing, right? Even fresher and even facer than a OC here, she was saying she's gonna take pride in calling people xenophobic because hell yes, hell yes. This is what the times require. Yes, we will say people are xenophobic because when you start to decide that just because somebody came from another country, they are automatically some kind of criminal. That does sound kind of xenophobic to me because you are using a paintbrush to paint an entire group of people where the vast majority of them are coming here because they are actually seeking a better life.

(44m 41s):
Okay? So if you're in favor of borders now, then you hate everyone who's from a foreign country or something. This is what the radical Democrats are standing for. It's Bernie Sanders with a smattering of ethnic diversity, and they hope this will be enough to get them over the finish line. Now, norming Democrats are looking at this and going, oh no, because they're looking at this and saying, you are fringing yourself out to the kinds of people who are capable of winning a New York mega world Democratic primary, but who will get clobbered in a national election. The Washington Post editorial board put out a full editorial titled Zarn Malini's Victory is Bad for New York. And the Democratic Party, quote, adept at social media and voter mobilization. Malani claimed the most first pick votes in the New York Democratic mayoral primary as the leading alternative to Andrew Cuomo.

(45m 26s):
And by, by the way, we should point out here that Andrew Cuomo is a terrible candidate. That the original strategy for Andrew Cuomo running for mayor of New York is that Eric Adams would also be in the Democratic primary. Cuomo would run against Adams, everyone would run against Adams, and then Cuomo would win as a sort of default. And then Adams was smart enough to avoid the Democratic primary and that all the fire turned on Andrew Cuomo, including from Mom Donny. It also happens to be the case that Andrew Cuomo is a disgraced former governor of the state. And that mom, Donny, basically just ran directly at him. Now, that's not to alleviate the radicalism of the Democratic party base in New York, which has been growing more and more radical every single moment. But as the Washington Post says, A man who believes the capitalism is theft is in line to lead the country's biggest city and the world financial capital.

(46m 13s):
His signature ideas are city owned grocery stores, no bus fairs, freezing rent on 1 million regulated apartments, and increasing the minimum wage to $30. The trade-offs were hurt. The people there supposed to help. Momani previously called for defunding and dismantling the police. And even though he's toned that down, he still opposes hiring more officers. The candidate acknowledges at least one trade off even higher taxes in a city where they're already hefty. He wants to impose a 2% annual wealth tax on the richest 1% of New Yorkers. Again, that is the proposal we're talking about before, not 2% of additional income tax, 2% wealth tax, which as we've discussed on the program is crazy. Downs wealth tax tell taxes people for unrealized capital gains among other things, which is just wild.

(46m 59s):
He also wants to increase the state's corporate tax rate from 7.25% to 11.5%. So the Washington Post says, should Mom Donny become mayor Democrats such as New York, governor Kathy Hoggle can lead the way in containing him. Not least he does not define their party gubernatorial nominees in Virginia and New Jersey, Abigail Span Berger and Mickey Shel respectively would be much better representatives of a democratic brand that still needs to buff out the rough edges of its left wing. But you know, it's that last phrase there, buff out the rough edges of the left wing. That's the problem. It's not about buffing out the rough edges. These are revolutionaries who want to eat you. It is not about how they have rough edges and you can somehow make momani presentable to the public. Momani is presentable to the radical wing of your party.

(47m 40s):
All the stuff that you guys are a little uncomfortable about. All that stuff is a feature of his candidacy, not a bug. He had every opportunity to walk back his perspective that globalizing the Intifada was a worthy goal. And yet he continues to talk about globalizing the Intifada. It's a feature, not a bug. So again, this battle is breaking out into the open. Now, Abigail Berger, who is the gubernatorial nominee for the Democrats in Virginia, which is a purple state at this point, she was asked about mom donni and she dodged. So Congressman, you mentioned affordability as being top of the list there of concerns your constituents have. The same could be said for New York City and the mayor's race. We just saw there with a a a a, a real progressive, a socialist capturing the party's nomination.

(48m 29s):
Republicans have sort of rejoiced that. He's obviously far to your left on a number of issues. Are, are there things, are you concerned that you'll be painted with that same brush, that sort of liberal socialist out of touch brush? Or do you think there's room for all of these views in the party? So I, I do not pretend to know anything about New York City politics or the outcomes of that election. What, what I know is my state, the Commonwealth of Virginia, Okay? So again, she's dodging, she's not the only one who's dodging representatives. Pat Ryan, Josh Riley, Richie Torres, all Democrats from New York. All Dodge reporters representative Dan Goldman asked if he had any thoughts on the result, told Axio, not Right now.

(49m 10s):
Major democratic donors aren't in a state of panic. They don't know how to put their money. And all I can say is you lay down with mom, Donny, you're the one who gets up with whatever you got from him. Okay? That is your problem. That is your issue. You have been flirting with this for a long time. Chris Cuomo, the brother of Andrew Cuomo, and of course no great conservative, he came out and declared the Democratic Party dead after Ma Dani's victory. The Democratic Party is now officially in MAGA mode. We are now on both sides in a period of extremism. The same way Maga played with the prejudices of white nationalism.

(49m 50s):
You are seeing an identical dynamic on the left with prejudices like tacitly supporting extremist Islamism or targeting Jews. For the right, it's migrants for the left, it's Jews, it's fundamentalist Christians dominating the right. It's fundamentalist Islamists making headway on the left. I know that doesn't sound like Democrats, but that party is dead. What? It will be reborn as we'll see. Okay, so he's not wrong. The Democratic party is absolutely falling apart. And this is an opening for Republicans, no question Tom Holman. The borders are, he is ready to go up against Ma Donni. Ma Donni has vowed that he's going to eject ice from the cities.

(50m 32s):
Says fine, you, you actually try to interfere with law enforcement in your city. We'll arrest you. Zorra. Momani. So he's saying, I mean, this is incredible. He's vowed to kick the quote Fascist ice out of New York City. Okay, so how do you intend to deal with that? Because I would guess there are gonna be a lot of criminals and Iranian cells and whatnot in New York City. The job's not done there. What do you say to this guy? Good luck with that. Federal law trumps him every, every, every, every, every day, every hour of every minute we're going to be in New York City. Matter of fact, 'cause it is a sanctuary city. President Trump made it clear week and a half ago, we're going, we're going double down and triple down the sanctuary cities. If we can't arrest a bad guy in the county jail, one agent resting, one bad guy.

(51m 16s):
They release 'em in the streets like New York does every day. We gotta send whole team to look at this, this guy. And not only that, we're gonna send additional teams to look for all the people they arrest. We're gonna concentrate in sanctuary cities 'cause we know they're releasing public safety threats and national security threats back to the street. So we know we got a problem there. So we don't have that problem in Florida with most sheriff's workforce. So we're gonna double up and triple up on New York. And not only are we going send more agents to the neighborhood, we're going to increase work site enforcement tenfold. If we can't arrest 'em in the jail, you're gonna force the neighborhood, then we'll find 'em in the neighborhood. If we can't find 'em in the neighborhood, we'll find 'em at the work site. So game on. We're coming. Okay. So again, the Democrats losing their minds going far left is a potential massive win for Republicans.

(52m 0s):
And new analysis of the 2024 election shows this. It shows that actually President Trump, if the electorate had been even larger, if more people had voted, would still have won and maybe buy more. According to the New York Times, the new data, including a new study from Pew Research released Thursday offers a more dispiriting explanation for Democrats, young, non-white and irregular voters defected by the millions to Mr. Trump costing Ms. Harris both the electoral college and the popular vote. The finding suggests that Trump's brand of conservative populism once again, turn politics as usual upside down as his gains among disengaged voters deprive. Democrats of their traditional advantage with this group are disproportionately young and non-white for a generation. The assumption that Democrats benefit from high turnout has underpinned the hopes and machinations of both parties from Republican support for restrictive voting laws to Democratic hopes of mobilizing a new progressive coalition of young non-white voters.

(52m 50s):
It's not clear whether Democrats will struggle with the regular voters in the future, but the data nonetheless essentially ends the debate about whether Harris lost because she alienated swing voters or because she failed to energize her base. In the end, Democrats alienated voters who long time support they might have taken for granted. So again, this is a major problem for the Democrats. If the Democrats continue to move to the left, then they will continue to run away from victory. People in the middle disaffected voters are going to leave in droves. There are now six separate analyses from six different groups about whom 2024 non-voters preferred the people who didn't vote.

(53m 34s):
And the answer ranges from Trump plus 20, that'd be American national election study to Trump plus six. That'd be the New York Times. So again, non voters, the people who are less likely to vote, actually support. They are a silent majority as President Trump has said. And that silent majority is gonna be not so silent and it's going to get larger and larger the more the Democrats go nuts. Now, is that something Republicans should root for? So obviously you can make the argument that if you're a Republican, you want Democrats to continue following the Bernie Sanders Zoran Momani path. I'm gonna make the case that this is a mistake. The reason I think this is a mistake is that the country is better off when you have two parties that are at least living in the suburbs of reality.

(54m 14s):
As I've said before, I think President Trump lives full-time in reality, I think he's a very realistic person who responds to incentive structures. The problem with the Democratic party that swings out to the radical left the way that we are watching Right now. They could have a George McGovern moment where they just get blown out in 2028. The same way that they got blown out in 1972 when they decided to run on acid and peacenik nonsense from George McGovern. It's also possible that things could go wrong. It's a very dangerous game to pick your opponents and hope that those opponents are then going to lose to you. Sometimes it works, but sometimes it doesn't. And I would much rather have a Democratic party living somewhere within the realm of reason where discussions are possible than living in the realm of Columbia University.

(54m 58s):
Tend to fa to students running as mayor of New York or Presidents of the United States because my great fear is that in a two party country, one of those parties has to win. And if the Republicans fall down in any way, shape, or form this very high stakes poker right here, if the Republicans fall down in any way, shape or form, you could see a deeply radical anti-American person become president of the United States. You could. It is always a possibility. Enough dissatisfaction creates backlash and that backlash can come in some pretty hideous forms, which is why it is so important that Republicans continue to pass the big beautiful Bill. Now there's a major holdup with regard to the big beautiful bill.

(55m 41s):
Apparently the Senate parliamentarian has now decided that there are serious problems with the big beautiful bill. So there are decisions publicized Thursday from the Senate parliamentarian that affects several major pieces of the big beautiful bill, the the one giant piece of legislation that includes the Trump tax cuts, funding for immigration, funding for wide variety of priorities. So again, according to the Senate parliamentarian, the Senate parliamentarian advised that actually several provisions of the one big beautiful bill would be subject to a 60 vote threshold if they remain in the bill.

(56m 23s):
Remember, this is supposed to be passed under reconciliation. What that means is that because the budget is really, really important, essentially there is a rule in the Senate and the house that you can pass by 51 votes in the Senate not having to overcome a filibuster, a budget bill. If there's a bunch of extraneous stuff in the budget bill, then theoretically that could be struck down by the parliamentarian as not really inside the budget and therefore subject to a 60 vote filibuster. Alrighty, so you're asking what does the Senate parliamentarian do? Well, don't ask me, ask my Sponsors over it Perplexity. So here's what Perplexity says, the Senate parliamentarians the official nonpartisan advisor to the United States Senate on the interpretation and application of Senate rules, precedents and parliamentary procedure.

(57m 7s):
The parliamentarian and their staff provide guidance to the presiding officer, senate leaders, individual senators and committees on how to conduct Senate business in accordance with established rules and precedents. Key responsibilities include advising the presiding officer on procedural questions, motions, the appropriateness of amendments or measures. Now the parliamentarian's authority is advisory, not binding the presiding officer of the Senate, usually a senator or the vice president formerly makes procedural rulings and the Senate can in fact overrule the parliamentarians advice. So how does that work? Well, the presiding officer, in this case, the Vice President or the Senate majority Leader, can choose to ignore the rule by the Senate parliamentarian.

(57m 48s):
If that happens, then any Democrat can get up and challenge the ruling by raising a point of order. And then the full Senate votes on the point of order, A 51 vote majority can uphold or overturn the presiding officer's ruling effectively overturning the parliamentarian's recommendation. Now, this only happened quite rarely. It happened in 1975. It happened again in 2013 and 2017 when the Senate changed filibuster rules for nominations. That of course, is when Democrats did this for judicial nominees to their great detriment as it turned out. So the question is, what is the parliamentarian doing? According to the New York Times, Elizabeth McDonough, the parliamentarian who enforces the chamber's rules, said several of the measures in the big beautiful bill that would provide hundreds of billions of dollars in savings could not be included in the legislation in their current form.

(58m 36s):
So remember, reconciliation bills also have to be budget neutral. They're not supposed to be adding to the deficit. One of the ways that Republicans were gonna get around this is through a series of procedural loopholes that allow them to sunset certain provisions and not sunset other provisions. And also some cuts to Medicaid, for example, future spending of Medicaid. And those cuts would come in the form of work requirements. And she says, well, that actually is not gonna count as a cut, meaning that the big beautiful bill will then no longer be budget neutral, which would actually basically kill the bill according to McDonough. Those measures include one that would crack down on strategies many states have developed to obtain more federal Medicaid funds and another that would limit repayment options for student loan borrowers.

(59m 19s):
The decisions at Delta Blow Senate Republicans as they attempt to pass the behemoth legislation by President Trump's deadline, which is July 4th, is when he wants to get this done by the end of next week. Party leaders had hoped to begin voting on the bill this weekend in order to allow time for the house to pass it early next week, clearing it for the President's signature. So she's rejected a bunch of provisions, has McDonough. Now again, Republicans don't necessarily have to listen to her. They could theoretically use what's called the nuclear option here. It appears that that is not what John Thune and the Senate Majority Leader wants to do. So he put out a statement suggesting that it would not be a good option for getting a bill done to overrule her.

(1h 0m 0s):
President. Trump, of course, is upset. Senator Tommy Tuberville of Alabama said the woke Senate parliamentarian who was appointed by Harry Reid and advised Al Gore just struck down a provision banning illegals from stealing Medicaid from American citizens. This is a perfect example of why Americans hate the swamp. Now again, McDonough was in fact appointed originally by Harry Reed. There's no reason she should have continued to serve under Republican administrations or with a Republican majority. This throws a wrench into the, into the goals here for Senate Republicans. However, is this going to be the final holdup? Absolutely not.

(1h 0m 40s):
Republicans understand this thing has to get passed. They're gonna have to work around this. Senator Thune is a professional at this. I would assume he's gonna have to come up with some new proposals, new cuts, new changes to the bill that will allow it to pass the muster of the parliamentarian. So again, the the idea that it's gonna die, I find that hard to believe considering what a major issue it is for President Trump and also how important it is for the Senate of the United States. That's particularly true because again, the biggest thing for President Trump is keeping the economy booming. It needs to continue booming and there are a lot of headwinds. I mean, the tariff war is a headwind. President Trump fighting with Jerome Powell is a headwind.

(1h 1m 21s):
According to the Wall Street Journal in recent weeks, the president has toyed with the idea of selecting and announcing Powell's replacement by September or October, maybe even by this summer. Apparently he's considering former Fed Governor Kevin Walsh and also also National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett. Some people are saying Treasury Secretary Scott Bessett might be up for the job because the new chair wouldn't take office until next may. According to the Wall Street Journal announcing the pick this summer or fall would be far earlier than the traditional three to four month transition period, would basically be Trump saying he has no confidence in Powell, which of course we already know. However, this sort of fighting is probably not good for the price of the dollar. The dollar has been weakening steadily.

(1h 2m 2s):
That is not something that the president needs in the, in the wake of the tariff war itself. Now meanwhile, the Republicans do continue to win victories at the executive level. So you'll see whether they get that victory at the legislative level. At the, at the executive level, president Trump's cabinet secretaries continued to do an excellent job. Secretary of Education, Linda McMahon came out this week and said that the Department of Education has found California in violation of Title IX for saying that boys can play sports against girls. Well, I can announce, you know today, Ainsley, that the Department of Education has found that the state of California, the the Department of Education and and their, their inters, Scholastic Sports Federation is in violation of Title ix.

(1h 2m 48s):
We are giving them 10 days to remedy that situation. We have remedy for them. But if they do not comply within 10 days, then we will refer this to the Department of Justice. Okay? So again, that is the right move. The executive branch continues to try to clean itself out. US Energy Secretary Chris Wright is doing the same. He's trying to make it easier to drill. He's trying to make it easier to solidify the power grid, bring down the price of electricity, which is really important if we're gonna win the AI war against China. Here he was talking about Joe Biden's terrible energy policy During the Biden administration. For four years we were on a course, almost no growth in electricity production.

(1h 3m 27s):
25% price rises, which made Americans angry, helped elect President Trump. But we were on a course that was a train wreck. We would continue to see rapid rises in electricity in the next few years and we would lose the AI race 'cause you wouldn't be able to bring the extra juice you need to build all those data centers here in the country. Thank God President Trump was elected. So we're doing everything possible now to sweep out the nonsense. But a lot of nonsense was in there. For example, in my department, we've issued four emergency orders just in the last few weeks to stop the closure of reliable plants so we can keep the lights on and stop pushing up electricity prices.

(1h 4m 8s):
So again, I think that the executive branch is doing a good job of cleaning itself out. That's also true with regards to U-S-A-I-D. Shocking report out of The Daily Wire from Luca ak, apparently President Biden's, U-S-A-I-D awarded an $800 million contract to a business operating out of Virginia Home even after it formally ruled that his key manager lacked honesty or integrity. A reference to the fact that according to a May 12th guilty plea, he had secured U-S-A-I-D contracts through bribery for a decade. That contract was for addressing issues affecting the root causes of irregular migration from Central America to the United States. That was the work that Biden assigned to VP Harris, by which she never did anything about. According to The Daily Wire, the Department of Justice announced on Friday that Walter Barnes ii the founder of government contractor, this stunt previously known as PM Consulting Group, or PMCG and Roderick Watson, A-U-S-A-I-D contracting official, pled guilty to a bribery scheme in which Barnes and two others conspired to pay Watson a million dollars in exchange for $544 million in contracts.

(1h 5m 9s):
What has not yet been reported is that the Biden administration continued to steer contracts to this company even after a new of the massive corruption, the migration contract even larger than the $544 million in the indictment and others that are still active. This is insane. Obviously this is the kind of thing that President Trump is seeking to kill. All that's gonna be popular. Shutting the border is gonna be popular. His Middle East work is gonna be popular and the left continues to pursue. Radical left. Its causes the economy must hold up. It must if the economy collapses, it is a disaster area opening the door to a far worse disaster in the form of radical Democrats taking power. That is why the Senate needs to pass that big beautiful bill as soon as humanly possible.

(1h 5m 53s):
We need to come to a conclusion in this trade war, particularly with our allies, while still attempting to box in China. There's a lot to do and not a lot of time to do it. Alrighty, coming up, we'll talk about a big win for the right at the Supreme Court. Again, remember all the people who are saying, Amy Coney Barrett is bad and all that? Nah, that's not how that works. Remember, in order to watch, you have to be a member. If you're not a member, become a member. Use Coach Shapiro. Check out for two months free on all annual plans. Click that link in the description and join us.