
Folks, you got a ton. Coming up on today's show, California Governor Gavin Newsom, he is leading the resistance and he is making dramatic speeches about it. Plus we discuss should President Trump just let the city of LA burn? There's kind of a case for it, and Victor Orban stops by for part two of our interview.


But first, your dad gave you common sense grit and the ability to spot nonsense. When you hear it. Now it's time to prove that you were paying attention. Give him a full year of Daily Wire Plus 40% off with Code Dad 40. But time is running out to give dad exclusive access to our premium entertainment. Like what is a woman, Dr. Jordan Peterson's Parenting and daily shows from the most trusted voices in conservative media, ad free, uncensored and unapologetic. Go to DailyWire dot com slash gift today before this deal ends.


Well folks, Democrats believe that they have found their point of resistance and the new leader of the resistance will be the same as the kind of old leader of the resistance. Ken Dahl, Gavin Newsom, the governor of California, he has presided over a great fleeing from his state. Obviously I'm one of the people who left his state. I'm a lifelong Angelino. I lived in LA for literally my entire life. And then I took myself, my family, my parents, my company, and we all moved out of LA thanks to the governance of people like Gavin Newsom. But now Gavin Newsom believes that he has his road to 2028 paved for him. He believes that because obviously we have watched a spate of riots in Los Angeles.


First we were told by the media the riots didn't exist. As it turns out, the riots very much do exist, which we'll get to in a moment. But Gavin Newsom is using President Trump's unleashing of federal forces to essentially help protect ice agents in doing their job as an excuse to claim that he's now standing up to authoritarianism in the United States of America. And so he delivered another one of his very overdramatic ridiculous speeches last night. This was supposed to be the end of Independence Day and he's Bill Pullman. Well, it didn't go great. He started off by having massive audio issues right at the top. Here's what that looked like. Well, you can see that he's talking and nothing is coming out, which actually is an improvement because when he talks and sound does come out, the sound is usually stupid.


But here he was attempting to talk. It didn't work particularly well. But then finally he got to his point and his point is that we must resist. We must resist the federal encroachments. Now remember, what are the federal encroachments ice agents were sent to Los Angeles to do federal immigration raids to pick up illegal immigrants and to deport them. That is what federal law says you are supposed to do. Now we can get into the politics of who should be deported and why and how and where in a moment. But it is certainly within the purview of ice to actually pick up illegal immigrants and then to process them for deportation. That is all well within the remit of the federal government. And then riots began and the President was not willing to wait for Gavin Newsom to allow that to continue to fester.


So instead, he activated the National Guard and sent them there in a support role for ice. And he also activated some Marines in a support role for the National Guard. According to Gavin Newsom. All of this amounts to an extra constitutional coup, the beginning of a monarchic America, in which arian Donald Trump is unleashing federal forces in order to take full control of the American body politic heroes. Gavin Newsom almost tearing up. And again, this guy is not Olivier like he, he's not a good actor. And so all of this comes off incredibly fake This moment. We all need to stand up and be held to account a higher level of accountability. If you exercise your First Amendment rights, please, please do it peacefully.


I know many of you are are feeling deep anxiety, stress, and fear, but I want you to know that you are the antidote to that fear and that anxiety. What Donald Trump wants most is your fealty, your silence to be complicit in this moment. Do not give into him What he wants most is your feely and your silence. I think what what President Trump would like is for you to stop burning Waymo. And that's the thing that President Trump would like the most actually. Now, a judge did rule yesterday that Gavin Newsom, he had attempted to stop via an injunctive relief lawsuit, what President Trump is trying to do in Los Angeles.


And the judge is like, nah, he has the legal ability to do this. You can't get in the way of that. But listen, what Gavin Newsom wants most of all is to run for president in 2028 and the media are helping him out. The Washington Post has an entire piece titled Trump's actions Echo Authoritarian Regimes Newsom in Interview. Wow. Wow. Well, according to the Washington Post, that's an American president in 2025 threatening a political opponent who happens to be a sitting governor. That's not with precedent in modern times. That's what we see around the globe in authoritarian regimes. That's 'cause President Trump effectively joked about arresting Gavin Newsom because Tom Holman, his borders are had said that if Gavin Newsom violates federal law, then he'll be subject to federal law just like every other citizen. And, and again, this does not ring true given the fact that Democrats tried to imprison President Trump multiple times over the course of the last two years.


So what's good for the goose is good for gander. If you are violating the law, then the law should apply to you. And again, there is no ongoing effort to jail Gavin Newsom, despite the fact that he is in fact a horrible governor. He has every right to be a horrible government. He just can't violate federal law. According to the Washington Post, Newsom co newsom's comments reflected a broader frustration for democratic leaders who have been unable to counter for what they see as an escalation of Trump's anti-democratic actions in his emboldened second term, Newsom has tried all methods. He was the face of the resistance in the first term and a welcoming greeters during Trump's initial visits to California in his second term. All the while he continued suing Trump while keeping up a cordial back channel relationship. On Monday, he sounded like he was the end with Trump calling him unrestrained and unhinged.


He said on Monday, Trump is a very different president than his first foray in office. You've seen that as to how it relates to how he is completely obliterated any oversight from Congress, how he seeks to obliterate oversight from the judicial branch by threatening impeachment of judges and running up to the edge as it relates to court orders. So again, this is all about Gavin Newsom running for for president in 2028. And what he's hoping is that becoming the face of a resistance to Trump is going to jog him to victory in democratic primaries. Now meanwhile, it is hilarious because the Democrats keep claiming several things at once. One, there are no riots. Two, there are riots in their good three. There are riots and they're bad. But President Trump should ignore them. All three of those things are being claimed at once.


First you heard members of the media suggesting there weren't any riots. It was just a little peaceful car burning. You know, I mean, so a few, so a few cars got burned. So the Waymo's had to flee, the elves had to leave middle Earth like so. So really that like, is that such a big deal? Then you got to, well there are riots, but they're good. It's part of the resistance. You see, you need the resistance. The resistance is positive and then you got to, well, the riots are there and they're kind of bad, but they're really 'cause of Trump. Anyway, that is the position that has now been taken by the mayor of Los Angeles, Karen Bass. So hilariously last night she had to announce a curfew in downtown la. So I have a question. If there was no unrest, why do you need a curfew? They kept saying there was no big deal in la. So why are you declaring a curfew in downtown la? I wanted to let the city know that I have declared a local emergency and issued a curfew for downtown Los Angeles to stop the vandalism.


To stop the looting. Many businesses have now been affected by or vandalized. Last night there were 23 businesses that were looted. And I think that if you drive through downtown LA, the graffiti is everywhere and has caused significant damages to businesses and a number of properties. So my message to you is if you do not live or work in downtown la, avoid the area. Law enforcement will arrest individuals who break the curfew and you will be prosecuted. I will consult with elected leaders and law enforcement officials tomorrow on the continuation of the curfew.


But we certainly expect for it to last for several days. You look and look at the map and you can see that the city of Los Angeles is a massive area, 502 square miles. The area of downtown where the curfew will take place is one square mile. I think it is important to point this out, not to minimize the vandalism and violence that has taken place there. It has been significant, but it is extremely important to know that what is happening in this one square mile is not affecting the cities. Okay? So again, she's making several of these arguments at once. One, the riots are happening and they're bad. Two, don't worry, the LAPD is taking care of it.


By the way, the LAPD has been told to stand down. Basically, I know this from people in the LAPD. The LAPD for years has been told to allow this sort of stuff to happen. LAPD officers, when they join up, they want to stop crime. And they have been told actively by the politicians in the city not to stop crime, not to get in the way of the crime. And then when things go wrong, then all of a sudden it's like, well, the cops will handle it. It's one of the major problems with the city of Los Angeles, which is by the statistics, one of the least staffed police forces in America, just on a population to police force level, incredibly understaffed police force. And they're told not to do the job they were originally hired to do. Karen Bass admitted that the entire city is covered in graffiti. So much so that she's concerned that they may not be able to actually have the World Cup in LA because of the levels of damage that have occurred, Especially of the graffiti that is just blanketing a number of blocks has been extensive.


We are one year away from the World Cup. This is about beautifying our city and bringing our city together. And so I am calling on business leaders, community leaders, faith leaders, to come together downtown in the next few days to talk about how we are going to clean up the city. Obviously, city workers are already out there removing the graffiti, but this is so extensive, it's gonna take community-wide involvement. We had launched a program called Shine LA a couple of months ago in preparation for the World Cup. And now we are called on to direct that citywide we need people from all over the city to come to downtown and to help with this effort.


So things are going amazingly well in la hilariously, I, I have to, I keep, I keep saying hilariously 'cause it actually is kind of funny, like in a dark way. It is very, very funny that the worst Democrats run a place and then the more it requires federal intervention, the more the person who ran the place is deemed a hero by the media. So if you're a horrible mayor of LA and you helped run the place into the ground so much so that federal troops have to be called in to help stop rioting and then you yell at the president, this makes you a hero. The the headline from the New York Times quote, Karen Bass is getting a second chance to lead her city through a crisis. Ms. Bass struggled amid criticism of her initial response to the LA fires in January. The opposition over President Trump's immigration raid have offered her an opportunity.


You see, she's run the city like complete crap, but she now has an opportunity to be a resistance hero 'cause she gets to yell at President Trump. And as we all know, that is the most important thing, is yelling at President Trump. And every Democrat knows this, which is why they have universally decided that the problem in California is not extraordinarily high rates of illegal immigration. It is not the massive draw on public services represented by illegal immigrants. It is not lack of law and order. It is not understaffing of the police department. It is not riots in downtown or blanketing of the entire county in graffiti. It is none of those things. The problem, of course, is President Trump. Why? Because that's how you get the clicks. If you are in the Democratic party coming up on the show, we'll get to my reasons why I think that maybe President Trump should just let LA Burn first.


Picture this. You walk over to your computer, you pull up your entire browsing history, you hit print and then you nail those pages to your front door for every single neighbor to see. Well, that sounds like a crazy thing to do, right? Well that's essentially what happens every single day. Unless you're protecting yourself with Express VPN. Here's the thing most people don't realize. Your internet provider can see every single website you've ever visited, even when you're browsing in incognito mode in many countries, they're actually required to keep detailed logs of your online activity for years just in case the government wants to take a look. And if you're in the United States, it gets even worse because ISPs can literally sell your personal browsing data to whomever they want. Now, you can't stop your ISP from trying to collect this information, but you can make sure they don't get it in the first place. That's where Express VPN comes in and encrypts all your online activity before it even reaches your internet provider turning their logs into complete gibberish. I've been traveling a lot lately. When I travel, I'm on public wifi. When I'm on public wifi, that means I'm making my information subject to bad people. That's why I use Express VPN to stop all that. It's simple to use one tap on any device, phone, laptop, tablet, whatever. You know your privacy is now completely locked down. So if you wanna join me in fighting for the rights privacy, use my special link. Get four extra months of express at VPN for free@expressatvpn.com slash ben. That's express at vpn.com/ben.


Also, summer is almost here. That means dad is firing up the grill for those backyard barbecues. But did you know over 85% of grassfed beef in US stores is actually imported? And that's the reason I trust Good Ranchers. At Good Ranchers dot com, they source 100% of their meat from American Farms. Every cut of beef, chicken and pork is born, raised, harvested, right here in the United States. Plus, there are no antibiotics, no added hormones, no seed oils, just real quality meat delivered straight to your door. It's perfect for when dad wants to show off his elite grilling skills without the grocery store hassle. Producer savvy, she has a growing baby and that baby eats like seven pounds of beef a day. Does that means she loves at Good Ranchers? Give the fathers in your life what they really want. This summer premium American meat, they can be proud to serve Good Ranchers, connects your family to American Farms with convenience delivery that makes every backyard barbecue better. That is meat you can trust. Visit Good Ranchers dot com. Get 40 bucks off. Plus free meat for Life with MyCode Ben Again. That's Good. Ranchers dot com for 40 bucks off, plus free meat for Life with MyCode Ben, Good Ranchers, American Meat delivered. That is Good. Ranchers dot com get 40 bucks off. Plus free meat for Life with code Ben


Senator Adam Schiff, who made his career saying false things about President Trump. Senator Schiff used to be Congressman Schiff and he spent years on end with a pup tent outside of the M-S-N-B-C Green Room, claiming that he finally had the smoking gun showing that Donald Trump was a Russian asset. Well, now he's in the Senate because you only fail upwards in the state of California, which is why Kamala Harris might be the new governor fairly soon. And, and here he was suggesting that all of this is the fault of wait for it, president Trump. And it's this deliberate kind of provocation that is only escalating the situation. But the President doesn't care about making it worse. He's more than happy to see violent protest. It gives him something to talk about something other than his big ugly bill that's gonna blow a hole in the deficit and take away people's healthcare.


So for him, this is a wonderful distraction. It's a wonderful distraction for him. So again, the problem isn't with governance in California, which is created this morass. The problem is President Trump reacting to the morass, the California Attorney General Rob Bonta, who presides over a state that actively attempts to impede federal law enforcement in doing its job. We'll get to that in a moment. He says, this is all a manufactured controversy. Why is anyone even worried? What's the big deal? Yeah. You know, this is a, a manufactured crisis and artificial controversy and that's what the president wants. Unfortunately. He wants the confusion, he wants the chaos. It seems that he wants things to explode that 'cause that will give him the excuse that he wants to try to seize more power, which is his mo Besides having a very complicated relationship with the truth, he and being a a hypocrite, he is an on an ongoing mission to seize more power that is not his.


Yes, it is definitely seizing more power to defend ice installations in Los Angeles. You can sense it. You go to LA right now, I'm sure that it, it absolutely feels like Red Dawn. It's just the, the invading forces of the federal government. Can I just point out that the population of Los Angeles is 3.8 million people. That is the, that is just the city. It's 3.8 million people. The president has deployed 2000 National Guard members to la I'm just gonna point out 2000 National Guard members. 4 million people living in Los Angeles. I I, yeah, that that does not sound, I'm sorry, it doesn't sound like a full scale elevation to me.


Weird. So how prevalent is illegal immigration in California? I asked our Sponsors over at Perplexity, how many legal immigrants live in LA in LA County and California, And what percentage of the total Hispanic population of California is illegal immigrant population? And here's what Perplexity says. LA City is home to nearly 900,000 undocumented immigrants. They on a 2020 study by USC LA County, which encompasses the city and the surrounding areas, has between 810 and 830,000 undocumented immigrants. California statewide has somewhere between 1.8 million and 2.6 million illegal immigrants. And apparently, according to Perplexity, nearly 30% of all Latinos in California are either undocumented themselves or live with somebody who is undocumented.


The way that USC actually determined that I asked again Perplexity for the answer is what they call the residual method. Apparently that involves calculating the total foreign-born population in the area, subtracting the number of foreign born individuals who are legal, permanent residents, refugees, or have other legal authorization to live or work in the United States. And then the difference of residual is an estimate of the illegal immigrant population. Anyway, the LA County Board of Supervisors member, Lindsey Horvath also says that the real problem here is again, not failure to enforce the law. The real problem is the enforcement of the law. If you enforce the law, clearly that's pro provocative. The best way to avoid provoking people is to let them run wild in the city of Los Angeles and to allow illegal immigration to just be a thing.


We saw that protest happen peacefully and people moved on. That is what is happening. What is escalating? This situation is the increased presence and it's happening around the federal building. And it's intended to intimidate. It's intended to be a scare tactic and it's intended to escalate instead of calm down what's happening on our streets. Right? Again, the problem is Trump representative Nancy Pelosi, former speaker of the house, she says the same thing. She, she actually downplayed much of what was going on in the street. She said, you know what? It could be anarchism or it could just be youthful exuberance. It could just be the exuberance. Here she was. When there is a gathering, a large gathering of people, the anarchist see it as an opportunity and they move in.


So always have to be careful whether you see a burned car or a broken window or whatever it is. It may be the exuberance of the moment, but it may be the anarchist setting in. So it could be a few things. Just the exuberance, you know, like just exuberance. You know, when you, when you just get you and your friends, you know something good happens. Somebody, somebody graduates from college and you know, you just get exuberant. And so you set some waymo's on fire, you call the Waymo, you grab a molet of cocktail and you set it on fire. 'cause why the hell not? That's what exuberance is all about. Or it could be anarchism, but maybe it's exuberance. Says Nancy Pelosi, representative Maxine Waters, who again has had very little problem with violence in the city of Los Angeles. Just listen, there's no problem here.


Nobody got shot. Nobody got killed. So what's the big deal if a bunch of a bunch of businesses get set on fire or looted or whatever, who cares? Whatever. And even those who were out of step with what we are advocating, peaceful protests did not create any violence. Nobody was shot. Nobody was killed. Get it in your head. And so when martial law is called, what are you gonna say? I missed the point. Don't miss the point. You all don't think that somehow because they called out the National Guard. There was violence, there was no violence, No violence. All the video that you've been seeing of cars burning and people driving around the wreckage with Mexican flags. All of that is no violence, obviously.


Clearly. Meanwhile, representative Norma Torres of California, she says, the big thing here is that ice has to retreat, ice has to be thrown out of the city. They have not had a warrant. They do not, are not asking for specific names. They are simply going after people because of the way they look. And this must stop, the President must call back these ice agents. They must retreat in order for the locals to be given the opportunity to restore order because that is what we are demanding right now. Hmm. Representative Judy Chu of California, again, the the constant democratic drumbeat here is that the problem is not violation of law.


The problem is enforcement of law. Law enforcement is the problem. Violation of law is the norm. His representative Judy Chu saying that President Trump is doing something unprecedented and dangerous and authoritarian, He is the one that conducted these massive raids without warrants, without names on these warrants, the protests were inevitable. And now because the protests are happening, Trump sent in the National Guard without the governor's approval. On top of that, he's sending in the Marines and threatening to arrest a sitting governor. This is unprecedented, dangerous, and authoritarian. And then finally we reached the culmination of this particular line of argument. You have the Congressional Black Caucus chair, Yvette Clark, representative from New York saying what you know, Democrats have wanted all along, all along since 2016, they wanna impeach him.


Do these things rise to the level of impeachment? Are these impeachable events? Well, you know, I do. I believe it is. I definitely believe it is. But we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Okay. So yeah, again, impeachment. This is, this is where they are going. And now you can expect that over the course of the next few days, there will be protests spreading nationwide. According to NBC news activists gathered in New York, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Atlanta, and elsewhere, rebuking the Trump administration's tough stance against migrants and its aggressive Roundup efforts. And it's the same group of people's people waving Mexican flags and also wearing kafis and Palestinian flags and all the rest of it. It is all the scavengers getting together to yell at the system, obviously.


Well, speaking of scavengers, my brand new book lines and scavengers is available right now for presale. And yes, you can get a signed copy only at DailyWire dot com slash shop. It's rallying cry against the gigantic movement of scavengers currently poisoning our cultures, tearing apart our civilization. Again, that's DailyWire dot com slash shop for signed copies of the brand new book Lions and Scavengers. Now, the Trump administration for its part is saying, listen, we are going to enforce the law and if you yell at us, well you can yell at us. That's your right. But if you start throwing bricks at us, you are gonna get arrested. Pete Hegseth, the Secretary of Defense, was testifying before Congress yesterday. He said, listen, ICE has the right to perform an operation in California. It is a federal body. It has the ability to enforce federal law. So in Los Angeles we believe that ice, which is a federal law enforcement agency, has the right to safely conduct operations in any state and any jurisdiction in the country, especially after 21 million illegals have crossed our border under the previous administration.


Okay, so again, I think that is a fairly common sensical idea is that ICE has the capacity to, so right now the question is who's grabbing that middle of the American popular imagination? Is it the Republicans who say, listen, ice gets to deport illegal immigrants and if you start burning cars, then we're gonna send the National Guard? Or is it the Democrats who are like, ah, if you burning cars here and there, what's the big deal? Ice needs to be forcibly removed from the body politic. Who do you think wins that debate? President Trump, of course, is going hard on this. He is suggesting that the people who are rioting are paid insurrectionists. Some of them certainly are. And he said, listen, if I have to invoke the Insurrection Act, which has not done as of yet, the Insurrection Act would essentially allow federal troops to engage in civilian law efforts as opposed to support rules.


He says, if I have to do it, I will. We had some bad people. We have people, they look in your face and they spit right in your face. They're animals and these are paid insurrectionists, these are paid troublemakers, they're agitators, they're paid. Do you think somebody walks up to a curb and starts hammering pieces out, has all the equipment necessary and starts handing it out to people to use as a weapon? These are paid insurrectionists or agitators or troublemakers, you can call it whatever you want. Invoke the Insurrection Act to deal with the situation in California. If there's an insurrection, I would certainly invoke it. We'll see. But I can tell you last, last night was terrible.


This is something Senator Tom Cotton has been calling for for a while. We had him on his guest just a couple of days ago about all of this. He has a piece in the Wall Street Journal reiterating the point that he made back in 2020 during the BLM riot. He says, as always, local police are the first line of defense, but when the police can't restore order or aren't allowed to by democratic mayors, the National Guard must be called out. We reached this point in Los Angeles where the police chief has said that the disgusting violence has overwhelmed his forces adding, quote, there's no limits what they're doing to our officers. And we've seen violence at a level that discuss every good person. Mr. Newsom says, Senator Cotton incompetent and ideological all at once refuse to mobilize the National Guard leaving Mr. Trump little choice. But to federalize the California Guards protect federal law enforcement agents and restore Order has unquestioned legal authority to do so.


Plus many precedents in my own state, a democratic governor mobilized the Arkansas Guard to obstruct the desegregation of Little Rock Central High School in 1957. Finally, if the guard alone can't restore order and protect federal officers and property, the president can use active duty troops under the Insurrection Act of 1807 a law almost as old as the Republic, and there is a legal basis to do all of this. Now, president Trump makes the point that if the federal government did not get involved, LA would continue to burn. Here he was yesterday, the president, If we didn't get involved Right now, Los Angeles would be burning just like it was burning a number of months ago with all the houses that were lost. Los Angeles right now would be on fire and we have it in great shape.


I'm not playing around Now. We should take a look at what the polling says about this. Democrats seem to believe that this is a winning issue for them, and this is why Gavin Newsom is attempting to turn himself into a resistance hero over all of this. There's a brand new insider advantage poll from yesterday. Do you approve President Trump's National Guard deployment? Yes. 59%. No, 39%. That is a plus 20. You very rarely get a plus 20 on a controversial issue in the United States. But what that suggests is this is not a particularly controversial issue that actually the American people are very much fine with sending in the National Guard to restore order. We are done with riots in this country. We do not like them. We do not want them, and we are not going to stand by and watch while they are performed.


Now, what's amazing about all this, truly what's what's amazing about all of this is that the Democratic Party, they theoretically don't have to play it this way. Let's assume for a second that you are a strategist for the Democrats. I know, I know, but let's assume. Let's assume you're a strategist for the failing and flailing democratic party. And you had the information that Stephen Miller and the Trump administration were sending ice agents out to simply raid local parking lots at the Home Depot. So you have a few choices what to do. One is you can wink and nod at rioters, which is what Democrats are doing right now while blaming President Trump. Number two is you could compile lists of the people who are being arraigned, who are being brought up for, for deportation, and you could find the most sympathetic cases.


And then you could say that the Trump administration is exceeding its mandate that when it comes to immigration, there are more popular aspects of immigration enforcement and less popular aspects of immigration enforcement. Very popular shut the southern border, right? The Democrats can't even say that Trump has done that successfully. They should just say that if you're strategizing for the Democrats, what you would say is good for President Trump for shutting the southern border, you cannot allow free flow of migration across America's southern border, unvetted, unhindered. You can't do that. It's wrong. And President Trump is right to stop that when it comes to deportation of people in the United States. We ought to first target criminal illegal immigrants, not just Roundup grandma at the flea market like that.


That's the case that Democrats should be making and they would have some polling data to at least support that, right? They could trot out some sympathetic stories about innocent people who are illegal immigrants and sure they technically can be deported, but at the same time, do you really want ice agents all over the United States deporting 20 million people? What the polling suggests on this is that the American people are a little more divided on this still to come on the show. Why? I think that perhaps President Trump should just let LA Burn if that's what they're asking for.


First, I always assumed restless sleep was inevitable. Night after night, tossing, turning, waking up with an aching back, I'd convinced myself that's how sleep was supposed to be. And then I tried Helix Sleep and everything changed. It's truly been transformative for my sleep quality. Now I easily fall asleep in minutes, even when the current news stories are demanding my attention. What makes Helix different is they don't just sell you a random mattress. They actually match you with the perfect mattress for your body and sleep type. Whether you are a side sleeper, back sleeper, somewhere in between, they've got you covered. They make it simple. To get your best night's sleep every single night, all you have to do is take their sleep quiz, get matched with a custom mattress based on your body type and sleep preferences. Trust me, when you find the right match, you'll wonder how you slept on anything else. I got a mattress that was made just for me. It is firm breathable. That is exactly what I need, so I'm sleeping better. And you can too, because why would you get a mattress made for somebody else? Right now, Helix is offering an incredible summer sale. Visit Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben, get 20% off sitewide. That's Helix Sleep dot com slash Ben for 20% off. Sitewide, make sure you enter our show name after checkout so they know we sent you. Again. Just visit Helix Sleep dot com slash ben for this exclusive offer.


Also, you know when you're getting ready for bed, going around, locking the doors, turning off the lights, you just want that peace of mind knowing everything is safe. Well, that's what you get with SimpliSafe. It really makes all the difference when it comes to home security. Most security systems only kick in after somebody's already broken into your home. By then, it's often too late. SimpliSafe new active guard outdoor protection actually helps stop break-ins before they even happen. So here's how it works. AI powered cameras work with live monitoring agents to spot suspicious activity around your property. If someone's lurking around, the agents can talk to them in real time, turn on spotlights and call the police if needed. It stops crime before it starts. What I really like is there are no contracts, no hidden fees, plus SimpliSafe has serious credibility. CNET just named them Best Home security system of 2025. Over 4 million Americans trust them. They're also ranked at number one in customer service by Newsweek and USA today. I personally have a SimpliSafe system here at the studio. That means that our production equipment is safe every time we leave the office. Monitoring plans start around a buck day, they offer a 60 day money back guarantee. So you can try it risk free. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro to claim 50% off a new system with professional monitoring plan. Get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash shapiro. There is no safe like SimpliSafe


Pew polling back from March. Late March suggests that 32% of Americans believe all immigrants in the United States illegally should be deported. 16% say none. So Democrats have taken the none position, which is a 16% position, which is insane where they really should be if they were smart, but they are not, is in the sum category, which is where 51% of Americans are. And how does that break down? Well, 97% of Americans believe that if you commit a violent crime, you should be deported. 52% believe that if you commit a non-violent crime, you should be deported. 44% believe that if you arrived in the last four years, you should be deported. But only 15% of that 51% believe that if you have a job, you should be deported.


That if your parents, that that your, your parents of children born in the United States, that if you're, you came here and your kid's now an American citizen, you should be deported. Only 9% believe that people who came as children should be deported, right? So if you are a smart Democrat, what you would do is find the categories of people who most Americans don't really believe are a priority for deportation. And you would focus in on the Trump administration deporting those people, right? W by by the way, the Trump administration knows this, which is why they constantly couch their immigration efforts as targeting criminal illegal immigration. But Democrats are apparently too stupid and tood doctrinaire for any of that. Okay? Now, what should be done here long term? That's really the question because these riots may well continue, Los Angeles may continue to burn.


And here is my perspective on this issue. Democrats have made clear they do not want federal law enforcement in there. They don't want federal law enforcement there to help ice effectuate its arrests. They, they do not want federal law enforcement involved in any real way in even protecting property in the city of Los Angeles. They want the federal government completely out. The, the voters of California have made this clear because they keep electing Democrats over and over and over again. And so my informed view is someone who used to live in Los Angeles for more than 30 years of my life. I deeply love the city. I have relatives in la I have friends in LA and members of government in LA who are friends.


Is that President Trump in the long term should leave LA to its own devices and let it burn if they want it. If they want it to burn, let them have it. Let them do the thing. Because what that will mean is a continued out-migration of of people who pay taxes, a continued out-migration of people who own businesses. A continued movement from Silicon Valley to Austin, Texas. A continued movement from LA to Florida and Tennessee. A continued movement. And what should be done about illegal immigration? Well, the states that actually don't want illegal immigrants to live there will work hand and glove with the Trump administration to deport as many people as possible. And that will push illegal immigrants to leave red states and then move to blue states. It turns out that one of the single most effective political tactics of my lifetime was Republican governors like Ron DeSantis in Florida and Greg Abbott in Texas, saying that if Joe Biden was gonna leave the border open, they were just gonna give bus tickets to illegal immigrants to blue areas like Chicago and New York because it demonstrated that when blue states come down to it, they don't want illegal immigrants there either.


But make Democrats live by their own standards. Make Democrats eat the cost. If they want it this way, then let them have it, let them do it. President Trump's already done his job in shutting the southern border, and he should continue to do his job in deporting criminal illegal immigrants or victimizing American citizens. But when it comes to states that have decided that they wish to bankrupt themselves on the back of illegal immigration, maybe President Trump's just let them do it. And here are five reasons why. Number one, they voted for this, okay? California voted for this. California SB 54 stops state and local law enforcement from assisting federal law enforcement. It includes banning cops from asking about immigration status, holding illegal immigrants for the feds after they've been arrested, and sharing non-public personal information with ice.


The Trust Act in California, which again is law, requires local law enforcement ask for judicial warrants before even complying with ICE detainer requests. So you have a rapist in jail and that person's an illegal immigrant and ICE puts out a detainer request. If you don't have a judicial warrant, then California will not allow you to comply with the detainer request. California has proposed bills to prevent employers from even allowing ICE access to workplaces in violation of federal law, by the way, or employee records without a court order. Landlords are not allowed to ask about immigration status in California. California provides driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. Medi-Cal, which is essentially Medicaid for California citizens, but also free legal immigrants.


California earned income tax credits. So you get like actual checks from the government in California as an illegal immigrant if you have kids, free public education for kids and in-state COL tuition for college, LA has its own sanctuary city ordinances that prohibit the use of any city resources whatsoever for federal immigration enforcement or cooperation with ice. The city of Los Angeles treats schools, hospitals, and courthouses as quote unquote safe spaces to prohibit immigration enforcement. They voted for this, this is what they want. So let them have it. HL Mankin once suggested about democracy, the democracy is the theory that the people should get what they want, good and hard. That is not wrong.


California should just be California. And, and there are a bunch of reasons for this, including by the way, the fact that generally speaking, states should be allowed to be states. Truly. The federal government controls immigration policy at the border and President Trump is doing that and the federal government does have an obligation to deport criminal illegal immigrants. You can say they have a broader obligation to deport all illegal immigrants, but that's never really been a realistic possibility here. And everyone who who watches to to deport 20 million illegal immigrants is gonna cost you by the best estimates some between six and $700 billion. Is that going to be something that, that any administration is going to undertake? I, I highly doubt it. And and you know this because President Trump wasn't unleashing tens of thousands of ICE agents in California is unleashing like small coders of a hundred ice agents in California to go pick up some people, okay?


That's what the immigration raid were. The federal government should of course try to enforce federal law, but it's not up to the federal government to make states run properly. And in fact, when the federal government under Joe Biden was attempting to get states to stop enforcing immigration law, that was bad too. The sword cuts both ways. So my view is that the federal government should allow California to be California and if they wish to be a failing state, let them and the federal government should allow Florida to be Florida and Texas to be Texas and allow successful states to continue to succeed. And the population movement people will vote with their feet. So that is reason number two. Reason number one, California voted for this. Reason number two, federalism. Reason number three, people do not learn their lesson until they reap the reward of their voting.


If Californians continue to do this, they will reap the reward. They will. And eventually maybe they wake up because it turns out that until the American people get a good and hard, sometimes they stick their hand in the stove and then it burns and they remove their hand. Californians have been sticking their hand in the stove for three decades at this point. At a certain point they might wanna wake up, but things are gonna have to get pretty bad in order for them to do that. And you know what? Don't inhibit the badness from happening. Let it happen. Let it go. And as for illegal immigration itself, if other states decide to crack down on illegal immigration and work with the federal government to stop illegal immigration, more illegal immigrants will go to California.


California by the way, is already somewhere between seven and 10% of its population is illegal. Immigrants at least 2.6 million illegal immigrants live there. As per the LA Times as currently 7% of the entire state population of California, it's probably significantly higher than that. The Los Angeles area alone probably has upward of a million illegal immigrants. If they want it, let them have it. And by the way, we'll save the American federal taxpayers some money because it turns out it's kind of expensive to deploy the National Guard, the projected cost of the current, the current protest handling by the National Guard and the Marines is supposedly somewhere in the neighborhood of $134 million.


I don't feel like paying taxes so that people in LA can yell at the National Guard for enforcing the law if they voted for that. Listen, I lived in that state for years and I paid enor millions of dollars in taxes to the California state government for this kind of crappy law enforcement response, which is not the fault of the cops, it is the fault of the politicos. So why should I pay for that now that I'm in Florida? I don't see a reason why politically speaking, the only way that people learn their lesson is to feel the pain of the bad policies they have chosen. And that is why I think there's a solid case we made that in the long term, president Trump should just let California be California and let Gavin Newsom own it. Like Gavin Newsom own his state that is collapsing due to the cost of things like illegal immigration and massive social programming, huge debt driving business outta the state with elevated taxes, lack of law enforcement.


You wanna turn your state into Detroit, my man, all you, all you and well, there are some people across the world who actually do not want to turn their countries into Los Angeles. One of those people is the prime minister of Hungary, Victor Orban. About a week and a half ago I sat down with the Prime Minister in Budapest. We played part one of that interview yesterday. Here is part two of our interview with Prime Minister Victor Orban of Hungary. So, and back to your domestic policy here, you have a lot of fans on the conservative side of the aisle in the United States specifically because you've tried to restore a sense of strong Hungarian nationalism. How do you define Hungarian nationalism?


What should the proper role of government be in promoting Hungarian culture? There's sort of a libertarian view in the United States that says government shouldn't be involved in, in social policy. Should basically leave that up to, to everybody else. But the government's not involved in the promotion of of virtue or family. What's your view on that? How do you govern in that way? If you get national independence in Hungary, sovereignty has been about two things. Always. If you look at the map, you will see that we are at the crossroads of, of war pots. Hungary is a country that all, somebody always wanted to occupy us. It was the Germans, the Russians, the Optimus, the Turks.


So we continuously had to defend ourselves and maintain our sovereignty. For that you need an army, you need the military alliances and you need good foreign policy, foreign policy that is trying to work in every direction to create friends instead of enemies. So sovereignty for us is about rationalism, national feelings and sentiments. It's the Hungarian state, it's the sovereignty of the Hungarian state being maintained even opposed to Brussels. But sovereignty and nationalism, patriotism has also has an economic meaning to it. That from the perspective, the most important sectors that are important for national sovereignty, you need to have national dominance.


It's not exclusivity, you don't need it to be publicly owned, but it needs to be national. In the banking system, you need very strong Hungarian ownership in the energy sector, especially in the strategic elements, the pipelines, energy transmission, you need very strong national ownership, media outlets, which is not only about information, it's business as well. You need to have a defining presence of national ownership, telecommunication modern technologies, you need to have substantial Hungarian players. That was not the case when in 2010 I returned into office, everything was owned by foreigners. We are not communists, we don't appropriate anything from others.


We are not jealous of profits. But we discussed with everybody, we said a certain percentage of ownership should be in Hungarian hands. We have re achieved that. And I can say that nowadays the structure of Hungarian economy serves the purpose of national sovereignty while it's based on private ownership where it's embedded into the international commerce and trade. While we welcome foreign investors, so we are part, if you wish of the western and also the eastern economic world. The question for nation to prevail over a long period of time, do you actually need the government to set objectives? I would like if it didn't have to set objectives that the nation itself would be able to guarantee long-term existence.


But unfortunately that's not the situation. First and foremost, we are prob in problems with the demography. We are a country of 10 million people and we have less children born than people dying. And we don't want migration. But if this carries on, we are going to be in dire straits first economically then in social system. And then ultimately the whole, I think the, we will just fall below the critical size where we are able to fend for ourselves, defend ourselves. So the state has to support families. It's not only because family is good, it's the best thing in the world. I have five children and grandchildren. That's not the only reason you need to support families, but also because that's the future of the nation.


So you need to have, and we created a taxation system, we created labor rules, we created child support systems which can make families feel safe. Whether you want to have children, the state cannot decide how many children you need to have. You, you have to decide we can help you make a good decision. We can help you decide for life. Same thing for culture compared to America or even most of the western European countries. Culture, sports, religion. I think in institutions that they operate schools, hospitals operated by the churches, Hungary spends the largest amount of the GDP in Europe.


So there is an economic nationalism also, or no economic patriotism. I'm Sorry. And and you mentioned a couple of things there with regard to tism policy that are, that are really interesting. One is obviously the, the tax structures and incentives you've created for families to, to have more kids. It appears that that had a spiking effect initially in, in people having more kids, usually families with a lot of kids having one more or two more kids. And then that seems to have evened out. The, the real thing that that the studies tend to show induces people to have kids more is that feeling of patriotism. And you see here, Israel as a, as an actually great example, it's the only westernized country that actually is reproducing above replacement rates in the middle of wars in the middle of conflict, specifically because of a feeling of patriotism.


You see people who are very secular in Israel having three or four kids. And so you know, your, your focus on church and your focus on patriotism here, that focus it seems to me is gonna be the one that, that is more likely to produce families that are having more children. There's Israel, not, you know, Israel is a great mystery for all of us, of course we are looking for positive examples. They are really making a good effort of it and we don't understand how they're doing it. We are in a much easier situation and we're still unable to replicate them. So I always continue to study also how Israeli politics is actually impacting families. Something we could actually just learn tricks from them. I have been for decades, a good friend of Prime Minister Netanyahu, even when he was a finance minister and I was in opposition, we had professional quote collaboration, how we could actually link economic efficiency with family support.


What concerns us, what we are doing is we are linking work labor with the family through the taxation system. In 2010 in this country, 61% of people were employed, which is extremely low amount. And we went to 81, 80 2%. Now that's good the employment. But at the same time, we also want young people to have children. And if we want them to work and have children at the same time, that means it's through the taxation system that we can best support them. So we are putting a lot of money into family support through the tax system.


If you have two or three children, majority part of your revenues in in revenue, you are not paying tax on it. There's a big problem. Secularization is of is of course strong in Hungary. Divorces are also very high in Hungary. So there is this reticence in, in among mothers to have children. I divorce, the husband leaves me, how will I survive? So there is a special focus on supporting mothers. So a mother who has given birth to three children and from genuine words, two children, they are tax free until the end of their life in Hungary.


So if you have two children and you're a woman, if you are single or you are married, you will not pay personal income tax in order to support. Because we believe the mother is the key of the family. They, we have to help them, support them, things like that. That's what we are trying. There's a long, long period of maternity leave that you have in Hungary. A lot of things which might a luxury to some American ears, but it's important in Hungary for younger people to dare to have children. So there's another problem here. Of course my mother gave birth to me when she was 20. My children, my grandchildren are born closer to the age of 30 for my children.


And more and more women are deciding to have children after the age of 30. So these are new phenomena on which the family policy has to reflect. This has to be reflected there. How to support them, how to support them later on. It's a very, very intricate system. Mothers family support measures are a very intricate system that helps to support or tries to support in every phase of life. And my conviction, the future of Hungarians lies in the future of families. Family is the most important. Building block one is more after that comes the nation and then the Lord. And if these three together, everything works fine.


One of the words that you've mentioned a couple times, which has become a dirty word among secularists is Christianity and the strong Christian identity of Hungary. And one of the reasons for that is a sort of weird belief that's taken hold in the West. That the more Christian a country is somehow the the less tolerant it is. And, and obviously Budapest proves that that's not true. I mean this is maybe the only country in Europe where I can walk around openly wearing a yamaka and feel safe at this point in time because it is a, a country with a strong Christian identity. Can you talk about what Christianity means to the Hungarian identity? How you're, how you've fostered cooperation between government and religion in the country, Christianity and nation and the relation between the two is very, very special.


America lemme and not very easy to digest for an American in Hungarian history. We have had many occasions when it was only Christianity and church that helped the national identity to prevail. So if you are a believer or not, everybody in Hungary agrees that without Christianity there would be no Hungarian state, no Hungary. And this is something stipulated in the Constitution, or the Constitution recognizes the force of Christianity to preserve the nation.


It is a historic experience. It's nothing we should argue for philosophically. It's a learning, it's something we learned over the thousand years. It's important. If we lose this, we lose something important, we'll be weakened. So we are trying to preserve Christianity. Of course. This is, this cannot be done under duress. You cannot force people to be religious or to be Christians. It's up to the church. The, the, the government cannot spread the gospel. It's up to the church and it's up to the priests. Sometimes they do a good job of it. Sometimes not in the whole of Europe. There things are not quite in order. But in the whole of Europe, Hungary is the one single country where Church run institutions, their number of church run institutions is increasing.


More than 20% of all schools are run by churches. More than 80% of all children's institutions are operated by churches. Some of our hospitals are run by churches. And I myself would've self-declared publicly declared policy. I'm helping churches to take over as many public institutions if those who work there who are actually employed. There are not against this because the church runs schools better than the state can. The church runs a hospital better than the state can. It is just a historic fact. So Christianity beyond the belief and faith is also rendering public service, social service that everybody needs.


So in Hungary you can be a Jew, you can be lov, you can be catalyst, you can be Calvinist. But still it's a community of faith that you belong to. And in itself belonging to a community of faith, it's a positive thing. It's good for the nation, it's good for hunger, it's good for your children, it's good for the future. These fate communities, their strength reinforces the whole country. So the government believes that although there is a no interference into church affairs, like church cannot interfere into state. It is secular as what we want. A strong Hungary, the stronger the FA communities of faith, the stronger Hungary, Westerners, Europeans believe this is feudal fatalism.


I don't believe this. I think this is normal. So to turn to the United States, you obviously have a very warm relationship with President Trump. You had a warm relationship with him during his first term. You have a good relationship with him during his second term. What would you like to see the United States do in terms of its foreign policy in order to strengthen and and support allies like Hungary build up those alliances around the world? As you know, there's sort of an open debate even on the right and the United States between, I should say a more isolationist foreign policy and a more hawkish and interventionist foreign policy. Where do countries like Hungary see the United States as the most important in the world? Okay, there Are traditional issues in foreign policy, security, military force, GDP, investment, trade, et cetera.


These are important. But now in the western world behind all this, there is an even more important struggle going on. What I called for a struggle for the soul of the west, leftist progressives or rightist, conver, conservative, traditional Christian. That's the battle for a long, long time, almost for 30 years in the West, it was the conviction that this battle for the soul of the west has been won by liberals. Secular leftist progressives have won this battle. We are just retreating. We are retreating and in defense.


And then in 2010 we get at two third majority during the elections in Hungary, we amend the constitution and we create the foundations of a conservative Christian, rightist, traditionalist, pro community, new political order, economic order. But we were alone with this. And the reason I are supported Trump in 2015 already President Trump, that he wins the 2016 elections because I felt that if somebody is not coming in America, who is going to come to our health assistance, we will lose the fight for the soul of the west. We'll be overcrowded by the migrants will drown in the vote ocean.


The future of our children will be taken out of our hands. Global financial networks will or operate the country and not the elected leaders. So we need somebody great, courageous and strong. And that's why I supported him in 2016. It didn't count too much. It was a small country's support, but I believed every voice helps. So I stood by him openly. And that is what I believe now, that his victory last year was the greatest thing that could have happened with the west. Because his victory sense the signal that this is a battle that can be fought and, and perhaps one, it's not over yet. Not even in America.


It's not over yet. It's actually battle in progress. It is perhaps worth fighting. Perhaps it's a winnable one. So his person is not the solution to our problems. He's not our savior. He's not going to redeem us. He is fighting for his cause back there. And we are fighting for our cause here. We know each other, we are aware of each other and we help one another. That's the deepest structures of politics. Beyond that, you have trade and commerce and investment and security, but there is this struggle battle for the soul of the West. And there we are allies of one another. Americans there, Europeans. Here we are building like-minded European leaders.


Well, a network of like-minded leaders that is the family of the Patriots. That's what we created after in the European parliament, after the European elections last year. So his victory in the US was the greatest encouragement. There is hope. You should not give up your dreams. It is not true that you're on the wrong side of history. Migration is bad. If you fight against it, you are good. Gender is bad. If you fight against it, you are on the good side. The family is good, gender is bad. And I could just go on and, and I think the, the hope is back. And that actually has lent us energy has started processes. We created the family of pa patriots in the European parliament. Hope is the most important and the victory of Donald Trump for the whole western world.


Christian conservative Westerners brought hope. That's why we trust his in and believe and hope for his success. And while the liberal political network has been financed in the past from America, substantially it was America money spent here in Hungary financing our enemies from usaid. Well, the US president cut this off, published this, showed it for the world how it's works. And we found out everything is true in Hungary. We like to say it's time to come up with new, new cocktails because the old ones have all proven to be true. So it's a huge help that now these money is being cut off.


That's what his victory means for us. So meanwhile, for for you as a, as a smaller country having to navigate an increasingly multipolar world where it's not just the United States as global hedgemon facing down the Soviet Union, you now have the United States, which is dominant, its arena of the world. China is a rising power. It's unclear whether China's growing power is going to be countered by a, a group of allies or whether they're just gonna continue to expand their power. Russia obviously is an expansion as power in Ukraine. It's many with Baltic states are worried about that as well. How do you navigate a complicated world? It it, it used to be a little bit more of a, a simple world and and it seems like it's getting more complicated. Well, yes, but that's not a problem. I think the world was the simplest when I was young.


You had the east and the west. But that was a horrible thing. I I lived 26 years in that world. And you are young. You, you should never find out what it meant to live there. And the world is more complicated. It's not only east and west. You have Russians, Chinese and bricks and India and the Brazilians And America and Brussels. It's much more complicated. But that's not a problem. The old world was mu worse. But this is a challenge for us in a complicated environment. You need to be clever about it. Hungary actually just needs to collect friends. And in this respect, there's a lot of potential in the American Hungarian relations. I'll give you an example. Biden ex administration punished Hungary and Hungarians by basically stopping the double taxation agreement.


We don't have double taxation agreement. There's an administrative obstacle for Hungarians and Americans to collaborate well in the economy. And there's a new president and there it seems he still has more important things on his agenda then to actually reinstate normalcy. So there are, there's no investment. Chinese are bringing a huge amount of investments here we are calling the Americans. There's little American investment coming. Hungary was on the negative list during the Biden administration. So we need to revive that. We should also be allowed to go to invest in America in the visa system. The Biden administration punished us. They actually degraded us into a, a complicated system.


So there's a lot of things still in the American Hungarian relations that we can improve and we should improve. And I think America can create good relations with us. It's important for us and for America as well. So the, the president has tried to motivate Europe to move away from China. What do you make of that move? Is that something that, that Hungary is considering? How does Hungary see China as, as a future geopolitical competitor to the United States current geopolitical competitor to the United States Perspective From the, of course the American perspective is different than ours. What the American president and the USA expects of us is, and rightly is that we should be loyal members of nato.


That when it comes to security issues, NATO is the priority partner. Nothing Can endanger that loyal. Nothing can endanger the loyal corporation of Hungary with nato. No other relationship either with Russia or with the Chinese. That's legitimate. Economy is different though. Trade is different. Well the Americans of course you are trading in huge volumes with the Chinese. Well, we wanna, we want in, I mean it's good for us. Don't try to convince us that we should not trade with the Chinese. When you are trading with the Chinese, I mean you should trade with us as well.


Come with good offers like the Chinese come with good offers. So we, I think we should separate here. National security, military security from commerce, trade economy. Hungary is a country where the official policy is that from the west and the east, we will welcome investment. You have huge industrial bases in Hungary where you have western car makers right in the neighborhood of Eastern Chinese, south Korean battery makers. And they are actually building the same car in the end. So in our strategy, we are an ideal meeting point for Westerners, Easterners companies wanting to invest here.


They can cooperate. Well, this is a huge advantage that we don't want to relinquish. And so we are looking forward to welcome American Capital, Prime Minister Orbin. Final question. If you could speak to the American people we are right now, what, what would your message to them be looking at what you've been able to accomplish over the course of the last decade and a half? I don't want to interfere into American politics, but I think for us, your president is important and his success is important for us. So with the greatest respect with all you humility, I ask Americans to support their president so that he can bring peace to the world and so that he can win the battle for the soul of the West, for the benefit of families, for nation and Christianity.


He is the great hope of the West. So please help him. I'm gonna start and I really appreciate the time. It's truly an honor. Thank you. Thank you very much. Well meanwhile, new inflation report out and basically inflation is even with where it was last month, which is to say it is increasing year over year, but at a lower rate than it had been say six months ago. The question inflation is not completely done yet. According to the Wall Street Journal, consumer prices picked up in May a month when President Trump's trade war continued to ebb and flow and businesses sought to navigate shifting policies. That was in line with the 2.4% rise expected by economists surveyed by the Wall Street Journal prices excluding food and energy categories that so-called core CPI rose 2.8% that's slightly below forecast for a 2.9% increase.


The Federal Reserve is gonna hold out. They, they're not going to increase or decrease the interest rates at this point. They're going to leave things steady because they have to wait to see how the tariff war sort of shakes up at this point. Meanwhile, the president has announced that he has come to a deal with the Chinese on trade. That trade deal, according to the president of the United States, allows China to supply rare earths and magnets. The United States would then allow Chinese students to continue to study in the United States. The, the fact that that's what China wants gives you a little bit of pause. I mean, why does the Chinese communist government really, really want so many Chinese students studying at American universities? Makes you a little bit, little bit questionable about that.


President Trump said, we are getting a total of 55% tariffs. China is getting 10%, meaning that China will have to pay 55% tariffs on the goods that it imports to the United States. And we will have to pay 10% on the goods that we import to China. The president posts that he and G would work together to open up China to US trade this would be a great win for both countries. Now to be clear, that actual rate that was just negotiated is actually higher than the current rate. So you'll remember that they were at 125% on Chinese goods. Americans were at 125% on Chinese goods and then President Trump lowered it to 30%. Well now it's back up to 55%, presumably longer term that is going to create some level of price inflation because that's a pretty hefty duty, obviously.


So where exactly is this gonna end up? Well, first of all, it's a framework. So it's unclear what the actual details are are going to be. China is going to maintain a new export control system. It's set up in April four, rare earth, which gives it the power to clamp down in the future if it wants to strike back against the Trump administration. So again, still a lot of roiling in the trade markets. The stock market this morning didn't seem to, it didn't seem to jump on the news. Not a lot of sanity in the markets that that things are going to work themselves out on the trade front. And that combined with the fact that the World Bank is now estimating that the US growth rate is going to have, because of this kinda uncertainty and terra war, it's got investors a little bit on edge according to the Wall Street Journal.


Economic growth in the United States might have this year as a result of President Trump's tariff policies. While the global economy is set to suffer a more modest but still significant slowdown, they say that the US economy will grow by just 1.4% in 2025. That's a sharp acceleration from 2.8% expansion in 2024. And it's a massive decrease from what they expected. In January when President Trump was to take office, they, they, they were projecting a 2.3% increase in US GDP. They've now lowered, that's 1.4%. So again, a lot of uncertainty in the markets.


By the way, this is just one reason. Uncertainty in the markets that I bought myself some gold last month because I'm concerned about the long-term fiscal foundation of the United States. There are a bunch of good reasons that you wanna own precious metals right now. High geopolitical instability, high inflation, high volatility. Just on the show a couple of weeks ago, you'll remember I spoke with the former head of the IMF, Kenneth Rogo of Harvard, who is not a liberal about the likelihood of heading into a recession. You know, I still think that over the next few years that possibility remains fairly high. Diversifying your savings with gold is just a smart move. Birch Gold Group, those are the people I buy gold from. I've endorsed them for the past nine years. I trust them. And you can too, build a foundation for your financial home with an IRA in physical gold that AIDS tax sheltered or just buy a bunch of gold, put it in your safe and leave it there. That's what I did actually with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views, Birch Gold is ready to help you. It's very easy. You just call them up, you talk with them about your options, and then you buy gold. That simple. Text my name, Ben 2 98. 98 98, get your free info kit. There is no obligation, there is Peace of mind. Text BEN to 98. 98. 98 today. Again, text by name, Ben to 98. 98. 98. Get started with my friends over at Birch Gold Group. People I trust my own personal precious metals investing again, Text BEN to 98. 98. 98 to get started.


Well, meanwhile in media news, Miranda Dev Divine, excellent columnist over at the New York Post is a brand new podcast that is coming out called Pod Force one in which she interviews the presidents of the United States once a month. She joined me a few days ago to talk about this. Here is what she had to say. Miranda, thanks so much for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Thanks for having me, Ben. So why don't we talk about what the new podcast is going to be about. What do you plan on asking the president of the United States? Yeah, it's called Pod Force one. It funnily enough, after a sort of Air Force one, because the prime interviewee is going to be Donald Trump. He's our first interviewee and he's promised that he'll come back we hope once a month, but at least as regularly as he's able to do so. And I think you, you know, he's adept at the podcast format we saw during the election campaign. I've got to know him quite well. So my plan is to draw out more of the person behind who he is because even though he's kind of an open book, there are a lot of aspects of his personality that I think are a mystery to most of the world. And I think put him in a good light. He really, I mean, everything from his musical talent, he really does have this uncanny, innate talent that he's was spotted by his parents when they sent him for aptitude testing when he was a child. And his father wasn't too happy about it. But it, the way Donald Trump describes it, he's a musical genius and he doesn't really find much outlet in that, except if you notice that he's always fiddling with an iPad when he's at one of his various properties changing up the music for all the patrons. And also, I think his rallies were part of their great popularity from the very beginning was that he chooses all this kind of boomer music that gets everybody up and dancing. And in a really good mood, you just look at the village people's song, who would've thought that YMCA would become his anthem. So that's just one aspect I think. And, you know, also just trying to probe what, what his kind of philosophy is behind his very kind of smorgasbord of different policies. You can't really pin him down as a classical, you know, Republican or Democrat or fiscal hawk or whatever it is. And I think that comes from not just being a diante, but from a a deep personal belief system that was, you know, formed in this very liberal city of New York. Yeah, I think one of the things that you mentioned there is something that, that I've been pointing on the show for a long time. I am a person who's been conservative since I, I was old enough to talk about politics, but President Trump is, is not ideological. He, he's much more pragmatic. He, he's somebody who comes from the business world and particularly the New York real estate world where you do what you have to do to get the thing built. And and I think that that, that is essentially, if you had to boil down President Trump, in a nutshell, that's who he is. So many of the critiques of President Trump are actually not the bug. They're the feature. He tries things. If they don't work, he shifts away from those things. So he gets critiqued for being inconsistent. But inconsistency, as it was once said, is the hob goblin of little minds sometimes when it comes to, you know, the, the, the sort of idea that you try policies, if they fail, you move away from those policies. Exactly. And you're so right. I mean, I think it sort of falls into your thesis in your new book about lines and scavengers. And Donald Trump is a lion. He was a lion in the New York real estate developer wor world, which is really a, a dog eat dog, lion eat lion environment. And I remember talking to him once about one of those early sort of Republican primary debates when he coined the nickname for Jeb Bush of Low Energy Jeb. And I said, you know, did you formulate that beforehand or how did that come about? 'cause it was so incredibly effective, it just killed Jeb Bush's campaign dead. And he said, no, it, it just came to me on the stage because I'd just been back in New York. He'd had this very torrid breakfast with this Chinese businessman from China who he basically, who thought he'd ripped him off. I said, did you? And he goes, yes. So, and, and this, this guy's across the boardroom table from him in Trump Tower. And the way Donald Trump describes it very ly is that, you know, he was so angry that the scrambled egg was spitting out of his mouth. And so he, he, he sort of managed that, you know, very aggressive encounter. And then he had to fly off to the debate and he's standing up on stage with this cardigan be clad Jeb Bush. And he just looked at him and thought, you know, the sort of stauss that I have to engage in, in my business world are just so, you know, much more important and sort of difficult than what I'm doing here on this stage. So I just looked over at Jeb and thought, you know, you, you are so low energy. And that that insult just really tructure the core of who Jeb Bush was and the sort of feeling that the electorate had, that there was something not quite right with him. And I think that's part of what Donald Trump's genius is. It's really the genius of the schoolyard bully who in an instant can take in the personality of, of somebody and find the sort of most vi vicious weapon to use to hurt them. You know, Miranda, we've talked about sort of the, the reality that that President Trump will try a thing if it fails, he'll move off. The thing, the the only downside of that is that it creates uncertainty and that that's obviously something that, that President Trump has to contend with. He has to contend with the fact that, for example, when it comes to trade policy, lack of certainty may keep our enemies on their toes, but it also may keep our friends on their toes, may keep business on its toes when it comes to foreign policy. It, it, it's sort of unclear what's going to emerge. And that's why I think it's, it's pretty important that you're gonna be interviewing him regularly and checking back in with him because there are actual consistent elements. It's not all inconsistency, it's not all vacillation. There are certain things that he's been saying consistently for his entire career that he, he truly does believe deep down. And you, and you elucidating on that I think is really important. Thank you. Yes. I mean, tariffs is one of those things that I don't really know why he has such a be in his bonnet about them, but he really loves them and he, he's going against all sort of economic wisdom and, you know, he's got some pretty heavy hitters in his economic cabinet. People particularly, I'm thinking of Treasury Secretary Scott Besant, and he's certainly not a tariff man, but he's, you know, worked out what it is that Donald Trump wants to do and he's going about trying to implement it in the most successful way possible for America. Well, the podcast is going to be titled Pod Forest one Miranda Divine of the New York Post. Go read her stuff over there as well. Miranda, thanks so much for the time. Thanks Ben


Artie coming up, we are going to get to Simone Biles backing off of her attacks on Reilly Gaines. Yes. Les has so thoroughly lost the trans issue that they've even lost it here. It's really an amazing, amazing cultural shift that's happening in real time. To hear that, however, you have to become a member, head on over to DailyWire dot com slash subscribe and become a member today.